So now, if 4 will give me $100,000, if I can get 10 to give me $100,000 projects, the need basically drops to zero. I only need the 10, and I'm past the 7 figures. So I can go from 53 to 10 if I focus properly. So what should I be focused on? Meeting only with people who can, will, and are highly likely to turn around and write $100,000 check for a project. Then I only need to meet with 10 instead of 53. Most people are just focused on more, not qualification. What you really want to focus on is qualification, is being in front of the ideally suited person or prospect for you. This will be, has much in most cases, psychology based, has anything else. Because above all else, the $100,000 that is paid to me, the fee that is paid to you, price paid for goods or services bought from you, will in some substantial part be based on the psychology of the person buying and how they resonate with you. So, Perry Marshall, who's here, where's Perry? You're all the way over there, right? So there's a few pages here I gave you from Perry's newsletter that is all about psychology. You should read it carefully on your own. Because it really talks about something you're all familiar with, which is the information marketing buyer, Yens. But it talks about the psychology of the ideally suited information marketing buyer. And he very astutely analyzed driving psychological forces. I'm actually a little surprised you're willing to admit that you analyzed these driving psychological forces. But the driving psychological force is behind the person. You might, by the way, if you get a chance, like on a dinner break or something, read these pages before movie night tonight, because it will make something you see at movie night more important to you, more useful to you. So you have to think about who is your ideally suited person, psychologically and otherwise, who has the financial capability, the decision making capability to best support you, and focus on that audience at the exclusion of all others. I can tell you, for example, having gone through the questionnaires. I can tell you by having gone through the questionnaires, who the four people in this room are, that I would be most likely, if I wanted to manipulate the event to do it, to wind up with as clients who have the willingness, the ability, the capability, the psychological make up, the likelihood to turn around and hire me for $100,000 or more to do a project. Now, first of all, I got the questionnaires, so don't miss that. I got information. Second of all, I know what I'm looking for. Do you know what you're looking for? And then, see, with that, I could manipulate the situation to get what I wanted. For example, I could do hot seats with those four. That's simple. I could use those four as examples, et cetera. Now, the dumber way to do it would be to just cast the broad net. Just tease, offer, tease, offer, and whoever surfaced, we book. But I could have done that eight years ago and done fine. I can't do that now and do fine. So, in the wealth book, let's skip to something. In the wealth book, I talked about as a wealth magnet being somewhere, and really all the wealth magnets in the wealth book are valid to our conversation here, just taken to a greater extreme. So, being somewhere rather than being nowhere is really, really good for most people. For us, we have to start to be pretty selective about where the somewhere is. And then, when that's right, we need to be omnipresent there. Omnipresent means they can't look in any direction and not bump into you. And so, you need a strategy once you define your place, your ideal market.