That the outcome of which is not certain now it may be uncertain in terms of how good But it it it's certain to be Good right thanks Now all the way to illusion Well hardly anything We can think of actually performs Per promise There's Some amount of hype To everything everybody sells including you and what you sell sure right so some percentage of it has to be Illusion You can you can however even get into a semantics argument about what is illusion? Right because if we know its illusion, but they don't know its illusion and they have a real and authentic experience As a result of the illusion so when the fire walk is criticized has a carnival fraud, which it is But if the person who has it has a legitimate breakthrough in In Reduction of fear and growth of confidence because they have just done something They don't they didn't think was possible for them to do and are now emboldened to do something else and get a real result of it It certainly it certainly wasn't a Deception for that person, but it was a deception overall The best demonstrations are rigged in illusions So so think about What I want them to see when they come to my office as I said To Gravett. Yes, the uncashed checks are real, but they don't have to be laying out on the table So they exist They're not an illusion that I made up. They're not a deception They're not fake checks but their placement was deliberate and manipulative and controlled Well, certainly there's some things in the world that Let's take that that plane that landed what it was at the Hudson River or something and now You would never want to repeat that a second time. No, you wouldn't because the odds are not good, but it was real Of course But yeah, but see that can't be a demonstration for the very reason that you can't use it again, right? Yeah, I say I mean There's no point in creating that as a demonstration because first of all the outcomes uncertain anytime you try and do it But in all probability you ain't gonna be able to pull that thing off repetitively, right? But the pilot could conceivably use that for the rest of his life. Oh, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, and he will use it for the next three or four years to make a lot of money speaking Yes, but he would never attempt it right in order. I mean, that's the evil kinebel problem, you know Yeah, but he wouldn't That's right, but he wouldn't dare try and do it once the first time Right because you know what it was real. It was a gift. That's a gift Well, that's not now it has demonstration value, but it's a gift. So We can all wait you could hope you could pray for it things like that will happen to most of us sooner or later Yeah, well, well, that's the problem Sure sooner or later and you're absolutely right to be aware of you want to capitalize on any gift you get Right, right, and you don't want to miss one But you don't understand around waiting for one to build your whole career with Either, you know, it's like Ron White's joke about getting arrested For going across the little bridge to the island with the speed limit of five miles and they pull him over because he's doing seven And he's telling the guy, please Please put me in handcuffs and take me away. I'll make a million dollars with this story, you know, but But you don't want to be waiting for something like that to happen to me So if you're gonna if you're gonna Manufacture demonstrations that are useful to you They've got to be thoughtful and strategic and purpose and controlled And rigged As infomarketers We tend to struggle with the You know with the decision of whether or not to grow in You know size and location and staff and everything like that or you know to stay small and lean the way we are