TV, radio, cable, movies, toy store, drug store, food store. I mean Donald Duck orange juice still exists after all these years, right? They get some kind of royalty on every can of orange juice sold, but I would maintain it's more useful to them to have the damn can appearing every day in the refrigerator than the two pennies they get on the can that is sold. I mean if you're a parent of kids of a certain age, you can't turn around without bumping into damn Disney. And so now when it comes time, are we going to Six Flags or are we going to Disney this year? You're going to Disney, right? And by the way, Universal, who's a direct competitor, they don't get it at all. They don't understand what they're trying to compete with one bit. They don't get it, that it's about penetrating this audience, not just about what the hell you're doing in the park or what you're doing with a movie. And again, if you go back, I think they're sort of ironic comparisons, but if you go back and you look at Playboy and you look at Playboy today too, but in their heyday. They want to, after, I believe by design, pool cues, bar stools, apparel, pillows. So your, what do they call them now, man caves, which new term, but you know, your den, your pool room, your whatever, Playboy stuff everywhere, right? Not just a magazine, it's a buy-in to a cultural connection. So my short answer to your question is, no, I don't think there's hardly anything you don't do with one audience versus another. You just have to do it differently. You know, I used to, with the biggest practice management company in chiropractic, so this is one you can relate to, because you're a dentist. For almost 10 years, I was run by a guy named Pete Fernandez. Pete's still around as a consultant. It was PMA I did a lot of speaking for, Practice Management Associates. And so, now the first time I saw it, I thought, holy crap, you guys are nuts, because this is like right out of a really cheesy Amway rally. But so Pete had awards for everything, like Mary Kay. So if you breathe, you get an award, you breathe three times, you get a bigger pen, and you know, if you breathe for every day for a month, you get a plaque and on and on and on. So every one of the monthly seminars, which is where they're selling the $30,000 doohickey, there's this big award ceremony. And it's a dinner award ceremony formal. The guys are in suits and tuxes. The spouses are all in long gowns. There's red carpets. There's all this. And there's this giant award ceremony, and people are coming up and they're getting their pins and they're crying and they're, and the top level is you got knighted into Pete's, I forget, Christian, it was Knights of the Southerners. It was like Knights of the Roundtable. Do you remember what he called it? No. But it was like Knights of the Roundtable. And they brought out a big throne and Pete sat on a throne and he had a big cape on and he had a big sword. And they came up and they kneeled down and he sorted them on both shoulders and they were knighted and they recited something in Latin and everybody clapped. These are doctors. These are professional people. And you would think, well, you know, I get it if you're doing this with Tupperware, but I don't get it. But now it was just a notch above, right? And so if you did it with Dennis, you might have to notch it a little. Well, I'm serious. You might have to take it up one. But to think that you shouldn't be doing it with everybody. Yeah, see, I think he was a thousand percent right. And we've talked, I don't think we do enough of it. And so I don't think there's anything that you don't do. I think you just do it market appropriate.