There's that whole list and then a list in other four pages longer. So there's all of these influencers, mostly to business niches, but not even exclusively to business niches. So Alana's not to a business niche, for example. So there's all these influencers who I and we, laser Kennedy, do a lot to feed them, Dan, for them to feed Dan to others. So there's some very overt things like giving them content to use. Because everybody's lazy and welcomes good content that they don't have to create themselves and there's positive benefit for them, association, linkage and so forth. So there's very overt things giving them content. But what I've essentially created is a few hundred influencers who show me to their customers. The best customers swim upstream. The smartest ones swim upstream. The biggest spenders swim upstream. The most common comment is, heard about them here, heard about them there, decided to go to the source and find them. And if you go through the questionnaires, you'll see it again anyway. Okay, after hearing about them in these three places, I googled them. I googled you and I found you and I didn't even feel it when he did it. Googled me and I, there's a cartoon in the New York Times not too long ago. There's this guy laying on a couch in the therapist's office and he says to the therapist, I have the horrible feeling nobody's googling me anymore. It'd be a reason to go to therapy if you were in our business, any kind of business, really. So I googled you. I went to Amazon, very common, went to Amazon, looked for you in Amazon. Why? Because those two things are pretty easy. Curiosity aroused, I'll go appease my curiosity. I saw you advertised on the Peter Low event and I went because I heard about you from this guy, I heard about you from that guy, I heard about you from that guy. So what can we reasonably extract from all this? Well, first of all, if you assume that the 56 on this list are worth maybe on average, $20,000, $30,000 in lifetime value as customers, that's a pretty big number. It all came from stitching together little numbers, but it's a pretty big number. Now you might think this is too small to be a scientific sample, but I promise you, like if you got all our new member questionnaires, if you got it this any other way, you would really find the same thing. So one possible interpretation is we have a really shitty advertising and marketing system, okay, because we're not bringing in, and we're certainly not bringing in good ones because nobody in here came directly from our advertising and marketing. So you could draw that conclusion if you wanted to, and there might be some validity to that conclusion. However, the more important conclusion is this is really true of everybody who does anything of any size. Hardly anybody finds the one spigot, the two spigots, even three spigots that are going to pump out enough to support this kind of income. Almost everybody who gets it is cobbling together a lot of little trickles from a lot of different places. The third conclusion to draw is that upstream is a significant strategy. So that means that you want to try and find a way to put yourself in the same position. And so how can John get all of the other internet guru guys feeding their best customers upstream to John? How can whoever, you got a fabulous restaurant, how can you get other restaurant owners feeding their best customers upstream to you? And if not other restaurant owners, other types of businesses with the right customer for you feeding upstream to you. It's a...