You need a strategy that causes that so that every time they turn around, figuratively, of course, not literally, they are bumping into you. Somebody's talking about you, somebody's showing them you, you're in the media, they read, pay attention to, you're on, if you're on TV, you're on the right TV, if you're on radio, you're on the right radio, you control your own media. But most importantly, the biggest thing you can do for yourself is put yourself in the center of a group who are talking to each other about you in the right place. I want to jump, I want to show you something because Perry identified and explained this to you. And I gave you his pages about that. Fifty-six people who identified where they came from, who are here in the room. So two of them came from Halbert, that's where they originated. Three of them originated with Yannick. One of them originated with Allie. One originated with Reed Hoisington, an information marketer to the mortgage industry. One originated with Michael Jans, an information marketer to the property and casual insurance industry. One originated with John Alinas, a marketer to men who can't meet women. One originated with Ken McCarthy, Internet marketing guru. One originated from Debbie Allen, shameless self-promotion author. Three from Matt Fury. Two from Ron LeGrand, one from Ted Ceuba, and one from Bill's BGS marketing company, that's 18. Sixteen of them came from purchasing a book, but that's a little bit deceptive because most of them say they bought the book as the second thing after hearing about me somewhere in a newsletter they read or somebody mentioning me from the front of the room and then they went and did the easy thing. They popped open their laptop, went to Amazon, they bought a book. Three are direct referrals. Seven identified themselves as moving upstream because they, quote, kept hearing about Dan in whatever niche they were in. Some of them mentioned specific people, some of them didn't mention specific people. Now there's two things about these numbers that I think are extremely instructive. One is that of the 56 reporting in the room, none of them come sourced from our direct advertising or marketing. Keep in mind we teach advertising and marketing. So there's several conclusions that could be drawn about that. Nevertheless, fact is fact. They all came from someone else. And there's no source here that's really good by itself. One from here, one from there, two from here, three from there. So that's kind of ugly. It would be nice just to have one or two that they all came from, but haven't found it. So why do a tele-seminar for Debbie Allen take the time to do that and the time to maintain a relationship to do that, et cetera? Well, because I got one. That's why. I need to get a lot of ones because there's no place to get my home run. The book purchases, let's see, Owen Garrett, Owen bought his at an office depot store in 1994. Wes Young bought How to Make Millions, says he didn't get it, stuck it on a shelf, came back, read it three or four years later, and then we got him active. Larry Parman, he purchased the No BS Sales book because of the picture of the bull on the cover. So there's one thanks to the bull. Now, the third important point here is what I call the upstream factor, which Perry eloquently described on the pages that I gave you from Perry's newsletter. And so...