Important and pregnant question, and Perry correctly identified that it partially happened by accident, but once realized, now a lot on purpose, and it's a way to pick off the best without having to do the sifting and the sorting on your own. And it's the sifting and the sorting on your own that is the most expensive and the most frustrating. If you did wild extrapolation and you took the 56 and you made it into 56,000, then Halbert would have given me 2,000, the onyx would have given me 3,000, etc. etc. etc. What's wrong with the extrapolation is that many of them aren't capable of providing that kind of number. I'm not going to get there by leveraging them up into more. The second major flaw is Halbert's debt. But the third major flaw is relationships ebb and flow and come and go. So the ability to maintain them all long enough to leverage them up. But mostly it's because they can't provide that. So if I want to go from 56,000 to 56,000, I'm more likely to get there by multiplying the number of sources by 1,000 than I am by doing anything else. Multiplying the horizontal spread of what's feeding upstream than getting more out of each one that is feeding upstream. So you've got to think through now where is your place, where your ideally suited clients or customers are, and is there an opportunity in that place to create upstream movement from others. Now, understand that in most cases you may have more or at least one or more points of leverage. So content providing is a big source of leverage. Because most people aren't very good at creating content. And most people don't like creating content. And so if you want to do a sort of a dumb local example, let's say we've got this fabulous restaurant and we want to get a bunch of other businesses in the area that deal with affluent customers feeding customers upstream to us. Well, the first thing we can do is try and find every one of them that sends a newsletter out to their clientele and we can provide them with some sort of food related content for their newsletter every month that also identifies us in our restaurant. We now get free ride if we can get 50 or send it out 5,000, we're touching 25,000 homes, etc. So content providing is a big point of leverage. Free gift providing is a big point of leverage. Because most businesses know they should give away stuff to their customers or clients, but they're too cheap in order to do it. And so depending on the situation, I've given books, I've, you know, we have, there was a, the folks that published my political column, BMI, their owned, the nonprofit world you don't say owned, but their owned by media research center, which is an even more than a big non-profit right of a till-the-hunt political conservative organization and they have this big event once a year, about 500 people there I think this year. And they have a big evening awards thing called the dishonors award, where they give dishonorable awards to people in the media who say stupid stuff. And it's a big funny evening, but everybody comes and talks to us and of course nobody should. The gag is nobody will come and accept their award. So the awards are given like to Chris Matthews, but then Bill Riley accepts in his place and says nasty things about Chris Matthews. That's the gag. So somebody comes up and accepts the award for everybody, but the person winning it won't come and get it. But there's 500 people this thing give or take. And here's what I quickly identify the all-evid common. A, they got money because they're donors. B, they're conservative, which matches B. C, 70% of them are entrepreneurs, owned businesses, owned companies, or run companies, 30% of them aren't. Well, that's my place. So I gave books as banquet gifts to everybody. Now, I couldn't do anything overt because they won't let you do anything overt. I wasn't on a program, and even if I was, you're not allowed to pitch. And they got all these rules because they're a nonprofit institution. So there's all sorts of stuff you can't do. But they'll give gifts to everybody. So I got my 500 and I got my mention from the front of the room. And I would do it in a heartbeat in an environment like that. Now, it may only bring one, but that's okay because their lifetime value is pretty significant. So you got to be thinking about place, how you can create a feed to you environment, how you can get in the middle of a lot of people who will feed you, even if they only feed you a little tiny bit at a time. Okay, we are nearing the end of the day. We have an hour left. And I want to give you as much time as possible for the unscripted. So this hour is going to be yours. There's the table. There's the microphones. We will talk about anything you like that is in some way related to what we have talked about today. But so here's your opportunity. And here's your hour. Okay, so who wants in? Oh, good Perry. This is always interesting. I miss having you around. I miss having you around. It's good to be here. Isn't that touching? It's beautiful. Isn't that touching? Dan, I love you in a non sexual way. Thank you. You talked about the largely, I don't remember the terminology, the largely illusional proof like the fire walking and all that kind of stuff. Are all the examples of the big audacious thing largely illusion or are there some that are rock solid? Does it bother you if they are all illusion? I'm not opposed to certain amount of illusion. To me there's a line between illusion and deception I suppose. But I'm curious. Well, are there any... At the very least, they are highly controlled. Okay. At the very least. Because you don't want to do a big demonstration for which outcome is uncertain. So here's a mistake almost every fledgling speaker doing personal growth or like management leadership stuff does to the point that comedy has been made of it. And everybody I know has made it once. Me included. I made it in 1978. It's the trust exercise where you, the person falls backwards and the other person catches them. This is in every workshop guide known to man. The problem is that you can't count on the person to catch. That's the problem. Have you made this mistake, Kit? Because you do this kind of material. You've avoided this? Seen it? Seen it? Yeah. Well, I made it. Got to a mop there, running the exercise and as she falls backwards, he steps back. Boom! Head on the floor. Not good. And even less good when it's in the first hour of the two day workshop. It discourages participation in the next exercise. Plus it's one less person who will buy tapes. You're already down 90 bucks and you barely got started. So nobody who's seen does a demonstration.