I didn't have to be very discriminant about who I sold a consulting day to. If something came out of it fine, if something didn't come out of it, that was okay too, because I'm getting a nice big buck for the day. There's only so many days though. Now if you want that income number to be a lot bigger, now I really can't afford to do a day with somebody who can't turn around at the end of that day and write a sufficiently sized check to do the next thing. I can't afford that anymore. So the ideally suited is really the issue here. Who fits your criteria of ideally suited and how do you maximize presence with them and really them only? And for some there may be a geographic component to that. For everybody there's almost certainly a demographic component to that. There's an interesting aside now who brought it to me. Oh Adam Witte brought me, I don't know what I deal with it. Oh here it is. A magazine they're producing for, what the hell is the name of this thing? Epic advertising and it's called Winning the Web. So it's really a promotional magazine, contention being everybody ought to have a magazine because everybody on our big seven figure list does, which is valid. So this is the digital business monthly. It's really a promotional device for this company. Their clientele are the chief marketing officers of the Fortune 500, maybe Fortune 1000. And what's significant about it is they totally deal with web related advertising and services and they're doing a print magazine. Well, because who's their ideally suited client? It's a 55 year old white guy who's the chief financial officer of a Fortune 1000 company and he wants print. He still responds to print. He wants a newspaper. He doesn't want a digital newspaper. And so even though as incongruent as it may be, they understand who their ideally suited client is, who can afford to give them the kind of money that they want and they adapt accordingly. Demographics are important. Financial abilities important. Decision making abilities important. Psychology is important. The real question is what's important in your case? What makes up your ideal audience? And it's amazing really how many people spend a lot of time and a lot of money and a lot of resources communicating with unideal audiences. Either by just mass, anybody who can breathe and has a pulse is welcome to come in the door and take up our time with no pre-screening, no pre-qualifying, etc. Or even targeting the wrong. Did I just see an elbow and the ribs over there? Did I see you stick him in the ribs with your elbow when we were talking about that? You too. Yeah, did you just jab him? Yeah. I thought so. So maybe we'll bring you up front and we'll talk about this somehow. By the way, whatever she said, she's right. So pay attention. Hmm? Yeah, yeah, yep, yep, yep. Boy you need a beer. So think about my math for a second. So let's say I was going to do it on base fees. Get anything else. So I got a base fee of $18.8 right now, right? So if none turn into projects to do seven figures, I need 53 clients. And I got to give up 53 days in a calendar year in order to get it. So I got to find 53 people who'll pay $18,800 to come and sit for a day and talk. If however four of them give me $50,000 projects, my need drops to 52. If eight will give me $50,000 projects, my need drops to 31. And if 12 will give me $50,000 project, the need drops all the way down to 21.