on that circuit and made a point of hearing them or getting them transcribed and skimming them so I had a sense of what everybody else was saying to them, again, for the two reasons. Number one, you don't wanna look stupid, you don't wanna really get in a spitting contest with somebody if you can avoid it. So if somebody is, if his main ad guy is teaching everybody white space, better I should just avoid that issue if I can then deal with it and I'm looking for something I can build on to make my position even better. Couple miscellaneous items before we pick up where we left off. I wanted to say a few words more about the issue of deception, biomission or exaggeration. And so let's take exaggeration first because I didn't hit on it yesterday and I just asked a question about it by somebody. So let's say you publish your schedule, as I mentioned that I did for many years. And so we would routinely, like there's a sample, I forget what page it's on, but it's almost where we left off yesterday. There's a sample, I'm build a sample of my schedule for you now, I don't do it much anymore. But for many years, almost every week to two weeks, we were updating that schedule and sending it out to every client and to prospects, waiting list people, et cetera, ostensibly to keep them informed. So they knew what was going on and when they might be able to get to me and when they wouldn't be able to get to me and so forth. Of course it wasn't done for that purpose at all. It was done, first of all, to reinforce the facts on the shortlist. Most important one of which is Kennedy's busier than crap and it's a miracle if you get to speak to him at midnight three Thursdays from now and you should be happy and grateful for being squeezed in at all. So it was done to reinforce the facts on the shortlist. And it was done to stimulate business. Both from clients, if we're gonna get them to do this other thing, we better hurry up and get them now because then otherwise we're not gonna be able to get them at all and to stimulate the prospects as well. Now I always had two versions of the schedule. So I always had the real one and I had the embellished one and so a few clients saw the real one when it was actually being used for the real purpose of keeping somebody informed of exactly what was going on and of course the internal use, staff, key associates and so forth. Now the embellished one, there was never a lie on it. But if you look at the one I gave you, which again I don't know what page it's on right now, but you will find for example, so let's say there's a day that you're gonna hang out in the office at home in your pajamas and you don't really know what you're gonna be doing on that day but you don't have anything booked on it so you're gonna be in the office and you're gonna catch up on work and you're gonna do something, you're gonna be around but who knows what you're gonna do, right? Cause it's three Thursdays from now and you ain't got anything booked. Well on the public consumption schedule, I would certainly never put, day I don't know what the hell I'm gonna be doing. Or day I'm gonna be doing nothing. Nor would I even put open. I would always put office work slash copywriting for clients or the closest I would come to indicating it was an open day would be hold, not yet scheduled. But literally almost every day on the calendar had something on it, right? And the busier it looks, the better. So that's not a lie, but it is deceptive. It indicates there's more scheduled activity than there really is. The perverse nature of consulting especially is that number one, they don't want you if you find them, they only want you if they find you. That's why overt direct marketing of yourself is the hardest thing to do. Although we will talk about ways to do it before we get done here. And secondly, they pretty much only want your time if there is none of it available. If there is a bunch of it available, nobody has a particular interest in having any of it.