Yeah, that's what I would have thought. So if you turn to page 180, you will actually see the sales letter in there that provides the gold plus. Oh, I said 180, but that must be a mistake. 178. No. I'm sorry, it's not. 186. Let's try that. It helps when I put my glasses on. 186. It's called a letter of regret. And this is a telecoaching program. We've been providing it since 2004. We now have about 460 members in gold plus telecoaching. The investment for that is $240 a month. And for that, there's a whole list of benefits that in the letter that people get. But they get a one-on-one, they get a group call with Dan and I each month. Either it's just Dan and I or some, and most months we have a guest expert on the phone with us. At the end of the call, we also open it up for Q&A. We send out a CD of the call afterwards, which is critical on a telecoaching program to send out a CD of the call. You must do that. If not, you're going to have a lot of dropout. We also add with that a gathering once a year where gold plus members get to come together. Initially, it was designed in a way where gold plus members get to come together. And Dan and I put on a small program and you got to ask questions of Dan and I. What we actually found out after a very, just by observation, we discovered the fact that what gold plus members really want to do is get to know other gold plus members. So we added a couple additional programs to that throughout the year where our gatherings, people get to get up and introduce themselves and then people can go seek out each other and work out how they can network with each other. So that was a very important lesson that we learned. Also, a lesson I think for many of you to think about is a lot of the people that are in your programs, they want to be able to rub elbows with each other as much as they even get to know you. And then we give them other benefits such as gold plus inserts in your newsletter that you know about. We have some special times that people can call in for the gold plus membership in order to ask questions of Dan and I throughout the year. And they also get the largest discount on any of our events. So those of you that are in this room here, you've got a larger discount by virtue of the fact that you're a gold plus member. In most cases, people that attend our events, the membership almost pays for itself by just the savings that you get by attending events. So that's how that program is kind of structured. We also, also in Glaser, Kenny Inner Circle, I do some of that one-on-one two-hour thing for the $2,000 fee. I mean, the problem with that with me now is it's about a six to nine month wait before Sherry can find an hour on my schedule in order to put those in. So people are often asked to wait. We get some amusing ones like last week somebody called up the office and said, I'm a gold member and I like to buy 15 minutes of Bill's time. How much does that cost? So Sherry called him back and says, you can't buy 15 minutes of Bill's time, which is another important lesson is you've got to structure what you're willing to provide. In my particular case, I used to sell an hour of telecoaching and I found out that one-on-one telecoaching, I actually found out that the two hours is a much better way to go. First of all, it's $2,000, opposed to $1,000. And secondly, it's a much better call because I'm preparing the client before they get on the phone and I'm prepared before I get on the phone. So that's a way to structure those. We also have on page 174, we have our two international now mastermind programs. We have InfoMastermind. Who here in the room is an InfoMastermind member? So I got five of you in the room, InfoMastermind, and then we have our VIP program. Who was in VIP? I got four or five, six of the VIP in the room. So these are programs where we get together three times a year in a true mastermind session. And basically the basic format is, as long as I can keep everybody, I can ride her and everybody, but the basic format is everybody gets a turn in the room to go around somewhere between minimal 30 minutes, usually closer to 45 minutes, occasionally an hour, if it's a really big issue, where everybody goes around the room, talks about what's happened in their business since the last time we met.