So I'm just starting a number of levels of coaching programs modeled very much on what you guys are doing. And I'd like to be able to make some projections about how many people will be in each program at each level based on how many come into the funnel. Any idea on how to do that? No because I wish I had a better answer for you, but a lot of it depends on prior relationship. So as I said to you, maybe I didn't make it as clear, at Glazer-Kennedy Inner Circle, it's actually easier for us to sell coaching and we have to provide less in terms of guarantees because of strong prior relationship. Whereas in my BGS marketing system, since I sort of semi-neglect those folks, I don't have the same relationship. So I have to work harder to get them in the coaching and I have to give them more of a guarantee. Now in your particular case, only because I know a little bit about your business from the three and a half minutes we discussed in the back of the room this morning, which is more to find out Dave Dee was doing a good job or not. That was really my intent. But was to, you know, you don't have a real long prior history with these folks. So in your particular case, I would consider this idea of giving some kind of a strong guarantee. And with that, that will make the sale much, much easier. The other thing I would tell you is this, is of your different levels of coaching, I would clearly only start with, I would start with a maximum of two. I would not give people more than two decisions to make. Okay? And then you also have to think about, the other things you're going to have to think about is what's in A and what's in B. That needs to have a lot of thought that goes into that as well because you probably want to make B as attractive as you possibly can. B and B, that's the better one or the higher priced one. So you have to figure out what's in that and what's in A. And then the other thing you've got to be thinking about is how do I send people from A to B? Okay? And so there's a lot of that thought that has to go into your program as well. You know, just to sort of peel back the curtain for us a little bit. Because there's such a huge weight for us to get into one of our national coaching programs, VIP, InfoMastermind, Platinum, we actually are giving priority to people who are in peak performers to now get into that program. So you might be, so that's a way we have structured that program to make it kind of, you know, enticing the people. So that maybe I can get eventually, if I want to, to move up to another level of program. So there's a lot of decisions that need to go into that. And I hope that some of this information gives you some help with that. But there's no way I can give you actual percentages without knowing the prior relationship. Can you share some numbers for you guys in terms of how many you have at each level or is that too secretive? Well, we have, as I said, we have about 465 people, Go Plus. We have 75 people, peak performers. I have 20 people in VIP, 22 people in InfoMastermind. And Dan has, he showed you yesterday, it's in your manual, the two different levels that he has in Platinum. He has group, I think it's called group one and group two. And I think combined, it's about 40 people we ever take in those levels. And how many are coming into the funnel at the free 798 or whatever to get there? Very few. And most of, almost everybody, not all, not everybody, but almost everybody who will send through Go Plus. So Go Plus is usually the first place that we, not all, but mostly people. Now there are some people that will like, you know, scoop right in. I mean, we have IBAs, our independent business advisors. We had two of them that purchased an area that were still in the three month free trial that invested in an area. So you do have some people that are just, you know, skyrocket right to the top. I mean, I had one gentleman yesterday, he works with Dr. Arthur Donnell in the chiropractic business. He was all over me in the back of the room. Bill, I want to join everything you got. So I mean, you got those people that they want to move real fast and they want to want as much as you as they can get. But most people, there needs to be some kind of an ascension model. And the way you structure that ascension model, a lot of thought has to be given to that because you want to always sort of let people sort of reveal to them there's something next waiting for them. You're welcome. I've got a business called We Buy Houses that operates in every country outside the United States and business is getting real big for us in the UK except for me to fly to the UK all the time is getting really hard on my time. So what I've decided I've got to do is start selling it off like in having a few representatives over there who charge say 30, 40 or $50,000 a year to be a part of the whole show. So my question is to get that sort of money, I get that sort of money in Australia but people have not been around there for years but I've got to go in the UK and just knock these people over. The question is to do that, do I have to go off the back of a one day event or a two day event because I've done the stage thing in London and they buy a package of two or $3,000 of your package but heck it's a really slow way to then keep flying back over there to get a few people at the big dollars. I want to get a few people in the UK at the big dollars and then make them license out under them is the best way to capture those people is to be doing it off the back of a one day event if you see what I'm saying.