I also, in the BGS marketing system, if you open up your manuals on page 193, on page 193, you will see the sales letter that I wrote to sell the a six-month telecoaching program that has now, this coming Monday night, is my fifth month of that. And so I have two more sessions to deliver. And you'll see the actual sales letter that I wrote in order to provide that. You'll notice something of, and Dan might be showing you some of these examples yet again today, but you'll notice something interesting on page 196 of the sales letter. And on page 196 of the sales letter, you'll notice that I give a 100% satisfaction guarantee on the telecoaching program. This is the only program that I ever have offered in coaching where I have ever given a money back guarantee. And the only reason why I provided it here was because of the fact that I do not work very hard with my BGS marketing system today. I spend most of my time at Glaser Kennedy Intercircle. So my relationship with my BGS marketing customers, members actually, is not as closely knit as it is with my Glaser Kennedy Intercircle members. So therefore, they don't know me as well because I don't communicate with them as much. And so therefore, I felt as though that it was important to take away any kind of reluctance they might have to join this program. And actually, the funny story about this program is that this program was actually forced upon me sort of because Keith Lee, who's back somewhere over in that area over there, I spoke at his event in Seattle earlier, or at the end of September. It was in 2006. And I offered this program to all the people who invested in my marketing system then. And I figured, well, and I think we picked up about 40 people roughly into that then. And I figured, well, if I'm going to do it, I might as well put as many people on the call as possible so that I went back to the BGS marketing system members and I added another hundred and some people from my own membership into this. So if I was going to deliver it for 40 people, I might as well deliver it for 150 people. So that's the reason why even this program exists. But the lesson I wanted to share with you about this is the fact that depending on relationship depends on whether or not you need to add the guarantee. I have no other programs that I'm involved with, and I'll show you the rest of them in just a moment, do we have any kind of a money-back guarantee at all. Also at BGS marketing, I also provide one-day consulting, full one-day consulting, which is $10,000 for a full one-day consult. And also, with BGS marketing, I have in that company, I have what I call my retainer clients. My retainer clients are $5,000 a month, and I meet with them for a half a day a month. We actually have them, and these are with corporations, large companies. And I meet with them, they come to me, I spend a half a day with them each month, and we basically go through what's going on in their business. We develop a task list of what needs to be accomplished between now and the next time we meet. They take that task list with them. That task list is not for me, that's for them. And I have several of those clients, so I have three of those right now that are paying me $5,000 a month, and they're a half a day a month, and they are what they are. So in 2004, as most of you know, not all of you, but most of you have been around for a while, know that I took over running Kennedy Inner Circle and became Glaser Kennedy Inner Circle. I immediately offered a level of coaching, which is Gold Plus Telecoaching. How many of you in the room are members of Gold Plus?