Now in most cases I don't want to do that, but if you want to do that, if you're looking for clients, speaking is the best way to go out and get it because you are positioned as the authority up there and they just come and they just gravitate to you. Because you're in front of the room speaking, your position has somebody that knows something that they want to know. They want to know that information. Number seven is the more you charge, the more you charge, the more they value your advice and implement. And this was, gee, that's like really good news for everybody who's in the coaching consulting business and you just got to remember that. And anytime, and I'm kind of guilty, I'm more, I wish I was like a dance mode on this. I can't get and do what he does, but I'm still guilty. When I'm out with a friend of mine who I care a lot about and I see something really stupid, I mention it to him. And I tell him how to fix it. And that's a really bad thing to do. First of all, it's free advice and they value it as free advice and it means nothing to them. It's still hard for me to get past that. And however, it's not good for them. It really is the kind of situation that the more I would charge them, if all of a sudden I change it right now to a relationship where I'm charging them $1,000 for this piece of information, the much, much better chance that they'll listen to and implement it. So you got to be actually, not only is it good news for you because you'll be making more money, but it's good news for the relationship. Because if you want them to value the relationship and implement the relationship more, you need to really charge more for it. Number eight, another big lesson I learned is it can lead to as much work as you wanted to. So again, if you're doing the coaching and consulting business, I mean, every time I do it, I mean, my time right now is just very, very limited. But if I wanted to do a lot of copywriting work, every time I am in a VIP meeting or an Info Mastermind meeting, people come up to me all the time and say, Bill, I need this sales letter. What's your time frame? What do you got available? I know Dan, same thing happens to Dan. Every time he's in one of his meetings, they're swarming him. LeGrand is all over it. Dan, I need 18 sales letters for 18 different niches. I don't care how much money it is. So it can lead to as much work as you wanted to lead to, not only additional copywriting work, in my case, copywriting, but any kind of work that you wanted to lead to. It can lead to speaking if you wanted to be speaking. It can lead to additional coaching and or one-on-one consulting. Oftentimes people in my VIP group or Info Mastermind groups, they come up to me and they want to buy an additional day of coaching. In some cases, I am now making that available to them. As a matter of fact, I'm giving them priority in times that they can actually see me for that. So it can lead to as much additional work as you wanted to lead to. Number nine. Number nine is you need to manage the length of the arrangement. This is kind of a biggie, which I don't know if I heard Dan mention it yesterday or not. I wasn't in here the entire time. I did have to go to the bathroom two or three times yesterday. So I might have missed a few things, he said. But regardless of the relationship, even if you want the relationship to go on forever, you need to structure in a way where if you want to exit that relationship, you can still exit that relationship. So even if you're selling a program that just keeps on going on and on and on and on and on and on, you still want to manage it in a way where you have an exit if you wanted to exit it. Because let's say it's large group mastermind programs. We have 20 in the group and you're charging whatever $1,000 a month and it just keeps on going on and on until they quit. You may not want that person in your group indefinitely. Something might happen to that person that no longer makes for that person being still good in your group. Certainly if you're in a client retainer relationship, and I have, as I said, I got three clients on retainer right now that pay me $5,000 a month. Even with those people that every month we get a check from, $5,000, $5,000, they know that I have the ability to exit this thing anytime that I want to, given the parameters that I set up with them in advance, which is in their particular case is 90 days notice. So you want to always have a relationship where you have the ability that you can end it if you want to. And number 10 is the other big lesson I learned is authority. Authority is absolutely critical. And Dan mentioned it yesterday with you. He, I don't know that he used the word authority, but he certainly mentioned it in a way that is the exact same point that I am making to you is that they got to always sort of understand that you are in control of this relationship. They're not in control of the relationship. You have to be in, you have to have that authority over them. And if you don't have it, then the whole thing is going to go amuck. Particularly, by the way, in the mastermind programs, those kind of programs, because I know a lot of situations, by the way, where people have lost the authority in their mastermind programs and then what happens invariably is people start splintering off into their own little mastermind groups. And that's not a good thing to happen when you're in those kind of relationships. So you have to constantly have that authority in your groups when you are doing those types of things. So those are 10 big things that I've learned. And I'm more than happy if anybody has any questions, specifically about structure, because one of the things we didn't talk about is structure.