They have to have some of them, not all of them, have to have the ability to show up. I've said this before, I've said it many times, being an entrepreneur is one of the loneliest jobs in the world. Because it's real hard to really share with other people, you know, what's going on in your business. I mean, if you, with your employees, if you show them off how well your business is doing, then the first thing that happens is that they want to like have a raise. That's like a terrible thing. So they have really no place to show off. And so a lot of people really need that. And you know, those of you that are in here that are one of my groups, you know this is true. We got people and they know every one of those meetings that are there just because they want a spot to show off what's happening. And that's good. There's nothing wrong with that. And then the third thing is they need a place to belong, which again goes back to this whole thing as people are lonely. Where the hell are they going to talk to anybody about what's going on in their business? So they not, so you got it. You can't confuse the two. Showing off is different from place to belong. Some people don't need a place to belong, but they need a place to show off. And some people need a, don't need a place to show up, but they need a place to belong. Some people need both. And so a lot of people, the best ones are doing all three. And there's nothing wrong with that at all. And that's the reason why, that's the three main reasons why the clients join your groups or become clients of yours. Number four is you can't forget to constantly cover the basics. And that's a real big thing about being a coaching and consulting business is that what happens is, is that when you're working with clients either in the large group format or one-on-one, what happens is you assume that because they're in this relationship with you either by this group or one-on-one that they understand everything that happened to get them there. And a lot of times they don't or they forget it or the basics are some of the things that generate some of the biggest incomes to them. So you can never forget to go back and to cover those basics. Number, number something. Number five is a lot of the value that I bring is the ability to ask questions and challenge different premises that they have. And these are actually two different things. Like this morning, Paul, where's Paul? Paul, I had breakfast with Paul. Paul's in my VIP group this year. He's new to the VIP group this year. He hasn't yet had his first meeting. And he said to me, yes, Bill, you mind? I have a couple of questions to ask you. Mine, you know, haven't breakfast with me. So I had breakfast with him. And he asked me a specific question about a situation that's going on and his advice of what I had for him about something that's going on in his business. And I don't know if he even realized it or not, but I didn't answer his question. I asked him a question back, which answered his question for him. And so, I mean, basically, my question was, well, you know, he had either or decision, and I said to him, what's your reasons for you wanting to do this? Will it be the reasons for you wanting to do this? And I kind of asked him the question. He answered his own question. But that's one of the biggest things that you bring to the table is the ability to ask questions. And then the other thing is the ability to challenge premises. And a lot of times, with most entrepreneurs, I have found this all my entire life is that in most times when people are doing dumb things, if you ask them why they're doing dumb things in their business, the most common answer is that's the way we've always done it. And you got to get people to get past that. And a lot of people just keep doing things over and over again because that's the way we've always done it. And when I think back at my own retail, men's business, we had a lot of those things we always did because we always did it. And I had a constant, I needed oftentimes fresh eyes to come into my business and to say to me, hey, you don't need to be doing that. And those are big things that a coach or consultant brings to a business. Number six is, and Dan kind of mentioned it. Actually, Dan mentioned it yesterday more emphatically than I thought he would have mentioned it, but it was the best way to get clients to start speaking. And whenever you speak, you can always get clients if you want to get them. Now, Dan and I are sort of in the client repel mode. We try to repel as many clients as possible right now. But if I wanted to, whenever I go and speak, I could just pick up another half a dozen clients anytime because they swarm you at the end, they got questions for you. And if I wanted to, I could structure my answers to my questions to lead to a client relationship if I wanted to.