What's working in their business? That's the second thing they talk about. And the third thing is what do they want to pose to the group In terms of challenges they have or questions they have or where They need help. The last part is where we spend The largest amount of our time. But as you can imagine, when we Talk about what's working in your business, everybody's ears Perk up because they want to figure out what's working in Your business so i can take it into my business. And big breakthroughs happen here and looking around the hands That went up, you know, i know all of you or just about all Of you had big breakthroughs. I don't want to mention what they are Because you may not want me to disclose some of your big breakthroughs. But mostly everybody has close to a doubling of their business Within a one year period of time. So really a very, very valuable Types of groups. And as you can see, there is, i Showed you all the different benefits of that's included in There. So for those of you that want to figure out How to structure a group like this, you can see the kind of benefits That we provide to this. I mean, in our particular case Last year we had about 100 applicants that we turned away Big demand for groups of this size. And then the next thing is Because we had such a large demand on page 178, we You'll see this is our newest program. And this is the one that we're doing with, i'm doing To collectively with Lee Miltier, who Lee is back there in the room In the teal suit that she is, we actually joined forces On this group, whereas we're now providing two different types Of structures. One structure is Lee is a performance coach. So so many people are constantly saying to us all the time, You know, my biggest problem is i don't have enough time. How do i get things done? How do i maximize my performance? Well that's Lee's area of expertise. So she's spending half of the time Doing that. And then i'm spending the other half of the time Tackling marketing issues. So that's a group that we're doing together. And there's about 75 people that are in that group. And that's a group that we still have a few openings for. If anybody has any interest, we have actually, we have the You actually have the sales letter right here in your manual. So if you have any interest, you can seek out Lee on one of the breaks Or Sherry. And they'd be more than happy to tell you a bit more about that. So that's what my coaching and consulting business looks like. Generating somewhere around $3 million a year In business and coaching and consulting. So, so i've done this for some time now. And you can see where my, where, how i've done it. So i want to talk to you about a couple of the big things i've learned. Ten big lessons i learned. First of all, the vast majority of clients screw things up. That's a real big lesson that i've learned. And you gotta sort of understand that. And the reason why i tell you that is not because I don't like clients or members or what not. It's just the fact that you can't allow that to affect you. That's a real big thing. It's because you're, you're, you have a real vision in your head of how things are supposed to work or how they're going to supposed to go back and do things. And in most cases they don't do it the way it's your, the way that you had a vision for them to do it. And so, so you just got to get past it because if you, if you can't get past it, then you're going to hate doing coaching and consulting. So if you take it real personal, it just is not going to, it's just not going to work out for you. I'm not talking about the clients, i'm talking about for you. The truth of the matter is, and you'll find out in just a few minutes, it doesn't really matter that the vast majority of them screw it up. First of all, if the vast majority of them do something, they're going to get a better result than they had had they not done something. And then they ask, actually the other thing you'll find out in just a few moments is there's various reasons why people are in groups or in, or have, or become clients. The second thing is, you must get over the attitude that you're responsible for their results, which kind of links to number one and number two. They kind of link together. So because they screw it up, you just got, you can't, you just can't feel responsible for their results. And then this is number three, which is what I talked about before, which is the value of the client comes from three main sources. Number one is the knowledge that they receive. And it happens a lot. They come into the groups and they pick up one idea, and they take it back and they apply that one idea to their business, and it has a huge growth to their business. So the value, and a lot of people in the groups because they're there for value. Another reason why they're in the groups is the ability to show off. And this is a big thing, is the ability to show off. And you can't, not only can you not forget this, but if you don't allow it, you're going to have people being unhappy in the groups.