Two more things I want to talk about. I want to talk about a little bit about sales process. Two different sales paths that we're using right now that work the best. And then I want to talk about traffic stuff because that's obviously a lot of questions. You can build the whole thing about how do people actually show up to your website. I'm going to talk a little bit about it tonight and then tomorrow we're going to spend a lot of time on traffic stuff. So that's the game plan for the next hour. And that's like, so we have dinner, then after dinner, my dad's come down and talked about business structure, how to protect yourself, some really, really cool stuff that is very counterintuitive. And you need to know it. And anyway, you'll see. It's awesome. So two things I want to talk about with the sales process. Again, we talked a lot about this. Recently we've been doing a lot of tests and trying to figure out how to make these things work the best. How to get most people to buy the stuff we're selling. And there's basically two, I don't know if they call them sales processes, but two ways we're doing it right now that work really, really well. Okay. The first one, I'm going to put this, the first one is called free secret. This is what I talked a lot about during microcontinuity. There's one that actually works better called the result based story. Okay. So I'm going to talk about the two of these real quick. The first one, the free secret. If anyone through the microcontinuity course, you've seen me talk a lot about this, but what we do is we do a process on the squeeze page and on the sales page. So on the squeeze page, what our headliner would be, what our messenger would be, was I've got a free video that reveals to you the number one secret about how to shoot a potato, potato, how to do yoga faster, how to tie a hair bow, how to, whatever. What we're revealing is the number one secret is something. Okay. So that was the headline on the squeeze page. It's basically free video reveals the number one secret. That was the whole message here. And then they put the name email address on the next page. The free video we're giving them is the sales video. So we're giving them what they want. The perceived value is really high as the sales video. And on this video, I'm revealing whatever that number one secret is, right? Okay. So we went through microcontinuity course. A lot of people did this. It works really well. I got a free secret reveal, the number one secret to how to shoot a potato far. In the next video, you give that person some value. They come to this page, they land on it. You give value. They give this whole thing value. It's all about value. Give value. People are going to buy it. They're going to buy more and more and more value. So they come to the page. I give them value. I say, the number one secret about how to shoot a potato 50 yards farther than your friends is they're propellant. And I talk about how we use right guard versus hairspray. Underarm Jordan shoots far. For whatever reason, when we first started doing it, we were using, we'd always use Aquanet. We always bought Aquanet. I don't know why. We'd buy Aquanet and it did really good. And then my friend one time, Nate, my co-author in our fabulous product, he went and brought the propellant that day and he brought, it was right guard deodorant. We're just like, I'm like, right guard? Like, is that even flammable? Like, you know, it was. We started shooting it and like way better. Like shot almost twice as far with right guard. So that became our big secret was the right guard was, you know, underarm deodorant is better than hairspray. So that was our big secret. We told that secret on the video and people are like, that's a good idea. And they have a little aha moment. If they have that aha moment, that's where they just receive some value. Now it's very easy to say, I think that's good. I've got seven more secrets just like this on this free DVD. All you need to do is pay 27 bucks or you need to do whatever the thing is. Okay. That was, that's the free secret sales process. This one works really good. If you're just launching a new product to you don't have any kind of case studies or testimonials because it's just, I've got a secret. This is what it is. You want to know it. Here's what it is. I think that's good. I've got a whole bunch more. Okay. That's the sales very simple, very easy. It's the same process. Joy went through with her to go to start a preschool. I'll come and see it perfectly free video reveals their one secret to what's their secret again. What's the? Well, it's kind of like the number one secret is making $500,000 or $4,000 a month to spend a quality time with children. Awesome. And the secret is start a preschool. If you didn't read the domain name above, this is what it now is. So it doesn't have to be a big secret. In fact, the first time I kind of started to learn this process of seeing people doing it, there's a guy named Evan Pagan. Some of you guys may have seen him. He owns a site called doublyardating.com. They did 29 million dollars this year. Teach people how to pick up chicks. And he had the squeeze page that ran for like, I don't know, how many years? Probably three or four years. Like the longest running, highest converting squeeze page I've ever seen. And the squeeze page was like, I'm going to give you guys the kiss test. Can you name me? I'm going to teach you the kiss test. And someone's like, oh, the kiss test, what is it? So he dopped in. And on the next page, there's one paragraph, like two sentences. And what it says is, when you're sitting at a doorstep with a girl, you go up there and you move her hair out of her ear. If she pulls into you, that means she wants to kiss you. If she pulls away, it means she doesn't. That was the kiss test. And it says, if you're interested in more information, click here. You click there. It takes you to another product. $29 million your company has built off of the kiss test. That was it. So it doesn't have to be like, here's my secret. First you do this, first you do that. It doesn't need to be that. It needs to be something that gives them an aha moment. That dude that's never dated before, and he's just like, what do I do? I don't know what you do. And then he's like, wait, I touched her hair. I can do that. She moves in. I'm going to kiss her. Oh my gosh. $29 million a year has built off of this secret. So that's the secret you need. It doesn't need a big thing. The secret you need to get from Aquanet to RightGuard is the secret. It's not a big deal, but if something gives them an aha moment, they receive some value, now they're interested in what else you got. So that's that process. Really, really good. Really, really easy. And I would say, if I could choose between, this is probably number two, but we still use a lot of things. Now the best one, I think, is still the result-based story. If you look at any of our last probably four or five product launches we've done, they're always tied again to some kind of story, like a result-based story. So DarkSide of .com secrets, so funny. We rebuilt the whole sales process four times. The first four times I was like, discover the secret about how to use Black Hat SEO. Discover this. Nothing worked. I find the last time, Taggart was showing me, he's like, yeah, I did this stupid thing with this little process and I made $7,200 and it took me about 20 minutes to do a thing in a minute. In 20 hours, I made $7,000. And I was like, dang, that's actually a pretty good story. So we went down and found out it was like $7,200, $230. He spent 20 minutes and it was in 20 hours, he made that much money. And I was like, that's a good story. So our headline became Free Video Reveals, how one guy made $7,231 in 20 hours using one simple trick. That was the headline for this video here. Okay, I want the free video. The video right here now, what's the story I was telling? We changed the whole story. The story now was, let me tell you this story about this guy. He told us a trick and he did blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, and I tell the story of that result. People want results and that's what, you're always selling results. Kevin will probably talk to you guys tomorrow about one of the greatest golf ads of all time. John Carlton is writing this ad and the product was good and everything. He was just like, what's the hook? What's the story? The guy was like, I don't know. I just, I do this thing. I can hit really far. It's really good. And the guy's like, there's no hook. There's no hook. And finally the guy was like, well, the way I learned this, actually there was this guy, he was one-legged golfer. And he hopped out on the golf course and he swung and he hit really far. And the way he had swings is he got one leg. He shifted his hip something or whatever it was. And Carlson was like, that's brilliant. And then the headline became the amazing secret of one-legged golfer that was able to help me chip, you know, I don't know anything about golf, how to hit the thingy farther. That was the headline, right? But it's a result-based thing. So if you can tie it to a result, so come back to whatever you're selling in. What kind of result can I find on this thing? If you can find a result, again, it doesn't have to be your result. It can be one of your students or something you heard about or something that you go and research the industry. And hey, this guy over here made this doing this type of thing. Now it can be a story. Like let's say, let's just say I'm selling SEO services. Even if it's not my own client. I can say, this guy did SEO to his website. He made $1,400 in 30 minutes with SEO. It doesn't have to be my story. My headline can discover how this guy made $1,400 using SEO. My video can make this guy use SEO and made $1,400. So guess what? I'm an SEO company. You want me to do SEO for you? Okay, so it doesn't have to be your story, but if you can tie it to some kind of story. Okay? Chet Homes runs a really cool company. And he goes, puts people through a process called the core story. And I think he paid a company of $9,000. They'll build the whole core story for you. It's coming down to figuring out the data and the information. And they build this whole thing out for you. This is your core story. This is your message. This is your whole bunch of stuff like that. But one of the things that they do in that process, they're trying to find out, again, data things that are proof elements. So this is the reason why I show it. Because they use these things in your sales process and a whole bunch of things. So when you're coming and you're launching your business, you can sit down and figure out what are the, do some research. What are the data elements? The result-based data that can tie back to this thing. What's the result people want? In my business, they want more money. In my fitness business, they want to lose more weight. So if I can say, hey, this guy took this magic cleanse. He lost, here's document proof where he lost 300 pounds doing this thing. Then you come back and that can be the story. Now it's better if it's you or if it's one of your clients. But do the research to find the result-based story. And that's how it works. Because results is what people want. So if your free video is talking about a result, the video here is sharing the result in a story and then lead to a solution. It makes it a really simple, clean process. Does that make sense? So those are the two-cells process. When I'm building my whole thing, I'm looking for, do I have a free secret or do I have a result? If I have a result, that's the way that this whole messaging is happening. If it's a free secret, then that's the way the messaging is happening. Those are basically the two-cells process. I haven't found anything that beats those two. Those are the two we always focus on. You'll notice most of ours right now are this, unless we don't have a story that we can pull from. All right. Why don't I shift gears now for a little bit. What I want to talk about, obviously, there's two parts to this business. There's the building of, here's the thing I'm selling. And then there's like, how do I get people to actually buy this crap? That's what it comes down to. So we talked a lot about the building of it. And tomorrow we're going to talk a lot more about traffic and through on. But what I want to spend the next, excuse me, 45 minutes or so is just talking about conceptually how to get traffic to your website. If you understand the concepts behind it, it becomes a really, really easy process. The problem is people make it so technical and they're like, I need to do this and this and SEO and HTML and all these things. And it comes down to, again, what I talked about earlier is outsourcing. You should not be the one that knows how to do all these different things. Yeah, she likes me for that. The goal for you is to understand the process. So I want to teach you guys strategically how to understand traffic. Tomorrow you'll journal into more of the tactics. And the tactical people here are going to love that. But tonight, I'm going to talk about tactics. I'm going to talk about the strategy behind traffic. Because you understand the strategy behind it, then tactics, again, you can outsource the tactics. But you need to, as the entrepreneur, understand the strategy behind it. So basically, it's a two-step process. Step number one, you always want to ask yourself, is who is my target market? Pretty simple, right? Most people are blown away. My target market is men, it's women, it's moms, it's whatever. You need to get deeper than just who's my target market. Who's your target market? And what's interesting, most products have more than one target market. They've got moms, they've got daycare providers, they've got a lot of people that can be their target market. I want to go even a step further than that. I don't want you just saying, this is my target market. For you to be able to craft a good sales presentation, for you to be able to craft all the good product, all this kind of stuff, you need to put yourself in the mind of whoever your target market is. When I write anything for my business, so this is, okay, so I'm a lot bigger nerd than most of you guys even think, if you can believe that. When I was in junior high, I used to go down to Macy's with the grocery store at the time. I buy a small business opportunity magazine, anyone here read that? Anyone here have a subscription to that? Am I the only one who has a subscription to it? It's the greatest magazine in the world. It's a hundred and like 14 pages, and there are 113 pages of ads, and one table of contents, that's the entire magazine, I love it. So I get these magazines, I read every single ad, and I call the number, hey, can you send me your free info kit? Oh, and please tell my name to anyone else that wants it. I call the next one, hey, can you send me your info kit? Please tell my name, and I go through the whole thing. And what happened is like, the mailman would bring so much mail to my house, that he would bring it in, and it wouldn't fit in our mailbox. So they'd have to knock on the door, and he'd hand the mail to my parents. My parents were like, thanks a lot, they put it on the kitchen table. I go home from school as a 13 year old, all excited, I run inside, and there's on the counter, my parents like two or three bills, and a stack of mail for me. I'm like, oh, I'm so excited, I grab the stack of mail, I run in the thing, and I start reading the sales letters, I read, and I get so fascinated and excited by just these people that are making money, doing all sorts of things, and how they were doing it, and I got so obsessed with that process as a 13 year old kid. I had no idea what I was doing, how it would work, but I love the process. So when I'm creating products right here, I put myself in the shoes of my target market. For me, my target market is me when I was 13 years old, sitting in my bedroom, reading the sales letters. I think that's something that I would have been like, oh my gosh, I need this thing, like, dang, I bought 30 bucks, please. Like, would that have got me to task my dad to borrow some money, or would it not have been exciting? And that's the target market I put myself into. One of my close friends, and actually Scott was just visiting him yesterday, Mike Morgan is a copywriter up in Northern Idaho, brilliant copywriter, and I was talking to him one time, he said he got hired to write a sales letter for a woman's product, for a female product. He's like, I have no idea what women are thinking, as most men can probably relate to. He's like, and I have to write his letters if I'm a woman talking to women. And so he said he went down and he went to a hair salon early in the morning, sat down with a pad of paper and a newspaper trying to not act like a creep. Sat there for like eight hours, just holding this pad of paper, like, actually I was reading a magazine with a pad of paper, taking notes, listening to the women talk. You see, listening to women that are complaining about stuff, now they're frustrated, and what they hate about men, what they like about this, and the movies they like, and he said they're taking notes, just listening, trying to get into the mindset of his target market. He started understanding what they wanted, what their desires, their passions, all that kind of stuff. He says, as soon as he got done with that, he ran home, sat down, started working on a sales letter, and because he understood the target market that much better, the letter was a success and did really, really well. Most of us don't get that deep into our target market and we need to. It's not just, it's not a, it's not like a, like a numbers, I think, it's an emotional thing. How do you get into the emotion of that person? If you can understand the emotions they're feeling, everything else becomes easier. The sales process, the product creation, everything, when you understand what it is that their pains are, their pain points, and things like that. Okay? So the first thing is figuring out who is your target market. Now the second thing is very important, is that you know who your target market is, is where are those people congregating? Okay? The nice thing about the internet is the people they congregate together. Now there's a reason why I use the word congregate. When you hear the word congregation, what do you think? Church. Church, alright. So if I was, well it's nice about churches, so every single Sunday all the Baptists, they congregate together. The Mormons congregate together, the Catholics congregate together, and the events congregate together on Saturday. Everyone else, everyone's congregating together, right? And different things based on their beliefs and their values. Okay? And what's cool about the internet, or excuse me, what's cool about, when you understand your target market, if I'm selling a product to Baptists, where am I going to go to sell that product to? Okay, there's 300 Baptists sitting in a room with the doors locked listening to someone. That's the way you want to sell your product to. Okay? If I'm selling the Mormons, there's a whole bunch of Mormons that's the way to sell to. Okay? And I'm not telling you that because I don't want you to sell Baptists or Mormons or anything, but I want you to understand the concept of communities and people gathering. Okay? What's happened because the internet is the most powerful, and the reason why we can make so much money so quick on the internet is because people, they self-congregate on the internet. Okay? When I was in high school, these people used to play. If you ever seen those, these like sticks, and they flip these sticks around, have you seen those people? There were like these three kids in our school, in high school, these two, and they'd be dressed in black, and they were like with the weird fingernails, and they'd be flipping these things. We're like, there's the freaks again. And that was like these groups, right? And now back then, there was no internet. So there's just three people that were doing that, and they were like the weird outcasts. But what's interesting is that every single school probably had two or three kids, and some of you, one of you guys was that kid, I guarantee it. And there's two or three kids in every single high school, and what the internet has made the ability is that all these kids that do that kind of thing, they get online, and guess what? They start congregating together and talking about their passions. Okay? Same thing, Magic the Gathering. There was like the step at school, these little kids, these kids in my high school play Magic the Gathering. We're like, you guys are so weird. Right now, there are sites online with millions of people, you know, the two or three people in each high school that love that game. They're all congregated together, and they're playing Magic the Gathering. Okay, if I was selling a product about Magic the Gathering, where would I find these people at? They're self-congregating together, sitting in a pool of people. It's like having a bowl or a bucket full of fish, and you just throw your polling and pull it out, and it's such an easy way. So what you understand is that people online are self-congregating themselves based on beliefs, on values, on hobbies, on talents, on things that they're interested in. So my thing is, if you understand who your target market is, I usually just find out where are those people congregating. Okay, all the moms, you told me before, you're targeting moms. Okay, where are they targeting yet? They're on mommy blogs. So where are you putting your product at? Brilliant. Is that difficult to do? How much traffic do you think you get from the mom blogs? A thousand a month. It's our third, but it gets traffic source. Okay. Because we just started doing it. It probably takes over at least something. Also the forums. Yeah, so blogs are good. Forms are another thing. Okay, one thing that I got started, I started realizing, I started learning this stuff. I realized I was wrestling at Boys' State University, and every single day, we go to the computer lab because we had to have a computer time where actually all the athletes, student athletes, had to spend a certain amount of hours in the computer lab. What's funny is all the wrestlers sit over here, and every single one of the wrestlers, guess what we were doing? We weren't working. We were all on the mat.com. That's the big wrestling. Every wrestler in the world is on the mat.com, and they're talking about who beat who, and this and that, and none of that. And on the side, if you look at that site, there's like five guys that are smart enough in the wrestling market to realize that, and they have banner ads on the side, and they're selling their products. But every wrestler in the world is sitting there on the mat.com doing that. When I went to the potato gun niche, guess what? I had no list of potato gun owners, so I went and I found the potato gun forums, and like I said, the first forum I found had 8,500 people on the forum talking about potato guns all day long. Okay, there's a barrel full of fish. You just got to come in and start shooting them, right? So when you think about that is the forums, the blogs, the things that people are doing, where are they congregating themselves? Okay, when you realize that, it makes it easy from a strategic standpoint. It's not how to do SEO, how to do PPC, how do I do joint ventures? It's saying, okay, who's my target market? This is who they are, where are they congregating? They're on this site right here. How do I get these people off this site? Okay, so for example, I like to look at it kind of like mining gold. I've never actually mined gold, unfortunately. I'm sure it's a lot of fun. But I've heard that people are like, they're in a mountain, they're digging for gold, and they struck a vein of gold. They find some gold users, a vein of gold that runs in the mountain. You guys heard that before? So you find some gold, you find a little bit of gold. Here's your mountain, the final piece, there's a vein of gold that's running through there, and then over here they find there's a vein of gold. So in the mountains, they're searching for vein of gold. And what I look for is the same kind of thing. I'm out there and I'm saying, okay, my target market, let's say, is moms. Where do I find people? Okay, here's a forum right here, and there's 29,000 moms on here. Boom, I just found a vein of gold. I can go and I can, these people that are congregating, how do I tap on those people and get them to come back to my website? Okay, and you can get into the tactics now. Well, I can buy banner ads, I can do joint ventures. There's a lot of tactical stuff, but right now I'm just going to focus on where are those people at? Okay, boom, they're here on this forum. And then here's 10 mom blogs, and they all got ton of traffic, so here's three more sites that they're congregating at. Okay, then hey, someone over here, they're a smart market, they've been in Russell's course, they've been building lists, they've got 50,000 moms on an email list. Boom, there's a congregation of 50,000 people on an email list. There's another congregation. You go to the search engines, and the search engines, obviously everyone's coming to Google, there's a million different places. There's not really people sorting themselves, but what's cool about it is people go to Google and they type in Potato Gun, and suddenly now the 15,000 people a month who are searching for Potato Gun have all self-categorized themselves into a community that I can now add. I can put my ads, people search Potato Gun, show my ad. People search Hairbowl, show my ad, because they're self-congregating themselves. Does that make sense? So my business, I don't get a lot of the tacticals. You guys will spend tomorrow, a lot of time tomorrow working on the tactical stuff. This is how you do SEO, how you do PPC, how you do all these kind of things. The tactics are good, but the way you make the money is understanding the concept behind it. Who's my target marketing market? Where are they congregating? How can I get to those people? This is a site thrown. What can I do on that site? This person's got an email list, they've got banner ads, they've got... However I can do to mine that vein of gold, and there's a lot of ways to do it. But my whole goal as a marketer is I'm trying to find out where those veins of gold are at. Does that make sense? So the target market is just... I don't know, people don't spend enough time on that. I always come down to the tactics. How do I do SEO? How do I do PPC? Don't focus on what I talked about. Who's my target market? Where are they congregating? The cool thing about it is there's a lot of target markets. My main market is teaching you how to make money online. So you think, okay, who wants to make money online? Well, traditionally it's people who want to make money online. So you go to the make money online forums. But think about this, who else wants to make money online? People who are trying to make money in real estate probably would like to make money online. So now it opens up a whole other target market. People who are real estate investors. Now I have a whole other niche of people I can go after. With Chad's business, with the chiropractor business, he's got people who they got in a car wreck and they got hurt back. And if he said that's my target market, that's a small target market. Only people I can sell to people who have hurt back. How many other niches can you go after? You got people with fibromyalgia you can bring you. How many niches do you have? How many target markets do you have that you can service? A whole lot. So you think about that. Most people think, again, here's my target market. When you don't realize that's one target market, there's so many other splinter groups that can feed back into what it is you're doing. So the goal then is to come back again and start identifying this. So what I like to do is I like to sit down with this pad of paper and say, who's my target market? My target market for this is, say, real estate investors. Where are they congregating? I'll find 10 sites that I know they're congregating on. Who else is my target market? I can also sell this to chiropractors. Where are they congregating? Here's 10 sites that are congregating. Who else can I sell this to? And start figuring out all the different target markets you have, find out where they're congregating, and then set up a plan. I'm going to go out there and, you know, for these guys, it was paper click, SEO, and mommy blogs. Other people are going to be joint ventures and something else. Everyone's got different things, but that's when you start going after and start doing the tactics of actually attacking those people and getting them from these people's websites back to yours. And one of the big mistakes a lot of people make is they always say, hey, I need to learn how to create traffic online. The reality is your goal is not to ever create traffic. Traffic is already out there. People are already out there online. Your goal, again, is to find out where are the veins of gold, how do I get them coming back to my website? Okay, so again, for example, let's say this is my squeeze page. My squeeze page is a free video revealing the number one secret to whatever. So I'm in this forum. My ads are going to be like, hey, if you want a free video about the number one secret to this, go check this out. So my ads, again, the whole value ladder we talked about before, it starts to even clear back the ads. The first thing I'm doing is I'm offering free stuff. Hey, come get a free video. They're going to come here. They're going to give me my name, email address, and I start putting them through the value ladders. That kind of makes sense. Okay, so there's that. On a blog, what does your banner ad say? Is the banner ad you're putting on your mommy blogs? What's the banner saying? What's the message on it? Free teaching instructions, or free hair bow instructions, and then we direct them to the squeeze page, and then you can get the free instruction. Okay, that's a lot of people ask that. What do I send these people to? That's your squeeze page. Your squeeze page is giving free something, so your ads should be, here's a free something. Okay, and you're putting your ads in the blogs, the forums, PPCS, all the different things we're going to be teaching about. Yeah. That's your good place to put a question here, like you leave a potato gun to tell you the building something. Exactly. Yeah, his question was, for your Ask campaign, is this a good place to put it before? And that's definitely, when I found a potato gun, I didn't have a, I put up a PPC campaign, I went to the forum and I said, hey, everyone's forum, I got a question, go ask it. So yeah, definitely a great place to, and that's a fast way, if you don't want to spend money or don't know how to do PPC, or whatever you want to get your Ask campaign figured out, filled out fast, that's the best way, go to a forum, and get everyone in the forum to come in and fill out the forum. Okay, so with that said, there are a lot of ways to drive traffic. I want to walk you through the process, what I would focus on first, second, and third, and then what's going to happen tomorrow, like I said, you're going to go and you're going to spend time with a lot of different people in our company, and everyone's got their thing that they're good at in driving traffic. And we got, like Mason's going to be here, Mason's our PPC guy, and that guy loves numbers and metrics and math and all that kind of stuff, and he's really good at that. Now, I look at that kind of stuff, I would rather die than set up a PPC campaign. There's few things on earth that would be more painful than me than to try to figure out how to do a PPC campaign, but for him, he loves it. Okay, and some of you guys are going to relate to that. Some of you guys are going to be like, yes, I'm a numbers person, I want to do this, this, and this. Okay, for me, I'm more of a joint venture guy. Bren's going to be talking to you tomorrow about affiliate stuff. That's more of me, I like to get on a phone with someone, get to know them, set up a deal, and do a promotion. Can you talk to Mason? Mason would rather die than pick up the phone and have to talk to someone. He wants to be on the computer logging and looking at numbers, whereas I'd rather die than do what he does. So, all you guys, we're going to teach you five or six different traffic strategies, like the core ones, and the goal is not to get you overwhelmed. Say, crap, I got to do five or six traffic strategies. The goal is to say which one of these things resonates most with you, with your personality. And my kind of guy wants to get joint ventures. My kind of guy wants to SEO. The kind of guy wants to PPC. I said, these guys haven't been joint ventures at all yet, and that's my favorite thing, and they're focusing more on these other things. Everyone's going to have something they're better at, and that's why we have so many different groups tomorrow. So, I want you guys to see, have an experience of all of them, and figure out which one of them relates best to you, and then that's the one you should be focusing on. Does that make sense? So, don't try to do all of them. There's no reason to. Okay, but if you were me, this is the process I would go through. I think I have it in page number three. I call it four underachiever pillars. So, the first step of the process is, we talked about earlier, we have your blog here, right? I'm not going to talk about all the tactics behind it, but your blog is kind of your central headquarters. As soon as you get your blog up, you want to start blogging. As soon as you start blogging, the SEO time clock starts, and how much of these things start happening. So, as soon as you get your blog up, start blogging as quick as you can. But I'll be focusing on this. Now, your blogging strategy is not like fast, I'm going to make money tomorrow type thing. It's an SEO strategy. It's search engine optimization. It's going to take longer, it's a slower process. But it's the kind of thing that, like you look at like, here's the timeline of your business. It's going to go like, it takes a while to take off, takes a while, takes a while, takes a while, and somewhere here it goes like this, and it goes, whoo, okay, and so what happens is most people, they either try to sell their whole business, they give up, they're not making any money. A lot of people, this is the first thing they focus on, and then after a month, they screw this, this sucks, I'm done. But I don't realize that this is how SEO and blogging works. That's the path. Where other people who, you know, that's the first thing. There's other kind of traffic, like paid traffic, like you talked about before, the reason they had $5,000 in the first month, they were doing this stuff, but it wasn't bringing any money yet. They were doing, it was pay per click, they were bringing paid traffic, so they get paid traffic immediately, but paid traffic, you're kind of flat-line like this. Join Adventures work like this, you get a whole bunch of traffic, and then it stops, and then you get a whole bunch of traffic, and it stops, and it's a whole bunch of traffic, and it stops. Okay, so ideally you want to start, do one that you're really good at, and then add a second one, and add a third one. But you need to realize it's kind of the pros and cons of each. If you're focusing 100% on SEO and blogging, this is what's going to happen. It's going to take a little bit of time, and then it can ramp up. If you need to make money tomorrow, focus on Join Adventures, because that's the only thing you need money tomorrow, or pay per click, or things like that. Does that kind of make sense? Okay, so for me, if I was starting out from scratch, I'd set up my blog, and that'd be the first thing, it's starting my blogging, and I'm going to be very consistent with it. Okay, consistency is the game with SEO and everything. Every single week I'm going to add about two to three blog posts, every single week consistent, they start growing this line right here. As soon as I start blogging, it kind of starts over things. So keep this consistency, you're blogging, you're blogging, about three times a week, blogging something to your blog. Okay, and when you're with, we're tagging on the SEO section, I'll talk to you about keywords and all sorts of stuff. You're picking keywords you're focusing on, and you're going to be blogging about it, three times a week. Okay, and that could be, it's like a 500 word article, it takes you maybe 20, 30 minutes, three times a week, and that's about the time you guys are spending with your business. You're 20, 30 minutes, knock out something like that, post it up there, and that's the first step. And tagging with each other things you're doing, where you're setting up sites that are pointing back to you, a whole bunch of SEO stuff, but that's something that's consistent that you're doing from day one, but you don't count on a million dollars coming from that. That's the first underachiever strategy for traffic I'll be focusing on is the blogging. Now the second thing I'll be focusing on is going into the communities. The forums, things like that, the blogs, other blogs, because this is kind of your central hub. Second thing I'll be coming out here and saying, okay, here over here, here's a blog that's going to hold a bunch of traffic, I'm going to come and start commenting on this person's blog, or buying ads on their blog, or things like that. And here's a forum over here, I'm going to go over there, I'm going to post a message to the forum with links coming back to my site. These are the second traffic strategy I'm going to do. Parts of the links I'm getting links back and other stuff, but also parts of them trying to get, start building relationships. For me, this whole thing is a relationship game. Right now, in fact, we had some business problems in January where our merchant council got shut down for a little while, a whole bunch of problems came into it. And for five or six weeks, we had no cash flow coming into our business. And we have a big business. You guys see, we've got 80-some-odd employees, we've got a lot of overhead, things like that. You lose cash flow for that much time, it's a scary thing. But my relationships is what pulled me through that. I called some buddies on the phone, I said, look dude, I got no money coming in, I don't want to shit on the shop, what can we do? We have people letting us into their merchant accounts, we have people promoting their lists, we have all sorts of stuff happening, and our company was safe and fine because the relationships we built. So, they want to launch this business, first you want to start building relationships with people, with the bloggers, with the forum owners, with people that have lists, because that's going to be the, I mean, the greatest assets you'll have in your business is the relationships you're building, the people you're networking with. So, I'll be focusing a lot on that. There's a book that, I actually hadn't read the book, but I bought it because the title was really good. And the title was so good, I got the gist of it, and I felt like I owed the guy the 12 bucks because I got the idea from it. But the book was called, Dig Your Well Before You're Thirsty. This is the problem, I'm talking about Nicole that screens all my emails and phone calls and stuff. I said, we get between 30 and 50 people every single week asking me to promote their products, their services, and this and that, and that kind of stuff. And it's just a horrible thing, and the first contact to me is, hey Russell, how's it going? I got this really cool product, can you promote it for me? That's the initial thing. And so, you don't want to be that guy, because if someone's got a big list of 500,000 people, and you come to them and they're like, hey, how's it going? I got this deal, I got my own product, you can promote it, we'll split the money, we'll be rich. I get that pitch every single day, over and over and over again. It's not, of course I can promote your product and make you rich, but what's the value you bring to the table? It's all about relationships, coming back and building a relationship first. If you build a relationship first, like I said, you spend time where you're on their side, you buy their products, you send them compliments, you do all sorts of great stuff like that. You build a relationship now in a month, now two months, now five months, now whatever your products done, those things are done. Now it's an easy relationship. Say, hey, by the way, I got this product, and I'm interested in looking at it. Anyone ever read the four-hour work week? I talked about that earlier. When I met that guy, I asked him, because his book was like, overnight just blew up, it was on all the best seller lists, he was on the news, it was just blew up, I thought overnight. And I was talking to him, I was like, how did you do that? He said, he's like, well, I was writing this book, and he's like, I spent about two years writing my book, I was slow about it, and he's like, during that time when I met all the bloggers, I go to every blogging convention, I get to know them, I became friends with them, I send them gifts, I was digging my well before I was thirsty. And I spent time getting to know these people, all kinds of stuff. He's after two years, people start asking me, what do you do for a living? He's like, oh, just some stuff, I'm writing a book, and things like that, and they say, what's the book? I'll tell you about it later, I'll tell you about it later. I kept putting him off, putting him off, and after two years, he said, my book's done, he's sending these guys copy, hey, this is my book, check it out if you're interested. And these bloggers went out there, and all the major bloggers across the whole internet started blogging about this guy's book like crazy, because he built relationships. He spent two years building relationships with these bloggers, put his book out there, and I said, I've seen very few books ever sell as many as his sold, and he's still doing great with it, it's because of the blogging communities. It all came back to building relationships before he was thirsty. So don't be like, I'm gonna contact my JB partners after my products are done, no, that's the worst thing, go contact now, start building relationships, promote their products, buy their products, give them testimonies, whatever it takes to get on the good side, that's really, really important. So I'd be doing that, be going to the communities, networking, those kind of things. The third thing I'd be focusing on is now starting to do the affiliate stuff, trying to get the affiliates on board. Brent's gonna be talking to you tomorrow all about affiliate marketing. We do a lot of stuff to drive traffic in our company, I still say about 85% of all of our traffic, maybe a little more, comes from affiliate stuff, from doing joint ventures and having affiliates promote our products. This is where you find somebody else that already has a big email list, and I mean it's already has a blog with a lot of traffic, it's already has stuff, and you do a relationship, hey, I'll give you 50% of the sales, I'll give you 75% of the sales, whatever it is, they promote your stuff, and everybody wins. So that's the next one I'm gonna focus on. The last one I'm gonna start focusing on is the paid stuff. The PPC, the banners, email buying, all the other stuff is what I focus on last. Now some of you guys may like the paid stuff a lot more than me, some of you guys are my folks on that very first, but that's the direction I would start going if I was just starting my business from scratch, that's the direction I would start with my business. Now I first gotta start, let me walk you through my process, and this, when I started it was before blogs, and a lot of the cool stuff we have nowadays, but I went out there and I created that software product, I had to pay that guy $120, created a software product, put it up there, and I didn't know how to sell it, I was like, I got a site, I got everything that's done, but I had no idea how to do it, so I went out there, and I found one forum, and I started going to the forum, I started posting messages in the forum, just saying, not like selling, I think, and just kind of trying to add to the conversation, start talking to people and just posting messages, and trying to not be the annoying guy, but as a new guy in the crowd, I just wanted to get to know people, I didn't advertise anything at all, and after about a week or two of that, I started, I added what's called a signature file, so I posted a comment underneath to say, Russell Brunson, by the way, if you want a free video about this, click here, that was all it was, and what happened, because I had kind of been on the forums a little bit, built a relationship, people started seeing that, and they started seeing my posting, and they started clicking on the links, so I was doing some basic networking, but basically just posting on these forums, I already knew the community was at, and that first month I made $1,200 in sales of my software product, just off that one forum, just posting a couple messages a day, that type of thing. Now what happened is that first month while I was there, I met a whole bunch of really cool people. I met this one guy, his name was Mike Philsame, and he had a cool product, I bought his product, it was like 30 bucks, I sent him a testimonial for it, I call him on the phone, he said, I do their product, it's awesome, thanks so much for having that there, he was like, oh cool, no worries, what are you doing? I'm like, oh, this is my first product I ever created, and he's like, what is it? And I showed him, he was like, oh, it's cool, he was like, why don't you promote it? I was like, I would love for you to do it. And at the time, he had a list of like 10,000 people, it wasn't a big deal, he sent an email out to his list, and we made like an extra $1,800 in sales from that. So I also made like $1,200 from my own additional effort, so that month I made $3,000, I was like, dang, that was awesome, I took those results, and I found like three or four of the people I met on the forum, I said, hey, just, you know, Mike, promote this, and I sent him a check for like 800 bucks, and they're like, oh, that's awesome, and so I had three or four of the people the next month, I said, I'll try it out, and they sent out, and again, these guys' lists weren't like millions of people, it was like 10,000, it was 5,000, it was 300 here, just little tiny ones, the next month I had three or four people promote it, that month we did $5,000, and just kept growing and growing, and from that, you know, people would come, push people to my squeeze page, they were joining my list, my list started growing and growing, and that was kind of the process of how I got started. That's really the way it works, and again, like I talked to you guys before, it's not gonna be, it's making $1,000,000 overnight, it's gonna be like, we're pushing this thing, oh, okay, we made a little bit of money, we're building our list, it's growing, it's growing, and most people quit right here, and then I go, I'm done, most people go a little farther, oh, I quit, oh, I quit, in fact, we had this, it still pisses me off, so we had a lady who came to the seminar eight, nine months ago, it was like three times ago, Brendal's what I'm talking about, she came through, a brilliant lady, I was impressed, she created a product, got all up there, launched the whole thing, and her first week, made, was $3,000, $4,000 in sales, off it, and anyway, then we heard her, and she wasn't paying her affiliate stuff, I had to call her, what's going on, she's like, I give up, like we're talking about, she's like, I launched the thing, well, I made $3,000, you made $3,000 your first week and you quit, she's like, well, I'm really into her, she talks about how you can make all this kind of money, and that was really hard work, and I don't want to do it again, and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, I'm like, you made $3,000 your first week, from one or two joint ventures, everything's built, I gotta just now ask another person next week, another person, and just keep that process going, and within three or four months, now you're gonna have a list of a couple thousand people, and she was like this, and having success, she's like, oh, this sucks, walked away, I'm just like, ah, you're that close to the success line, she walked away, I don't want you guys to do that, I want you guys to understand this is the process, it's gonna take a little while, you're gonna push, you're gonna have some problems, you're gonna push, you're gonna have some problems, but as soon as it gets going, as soon as you get that ball rolling, then it's like you can't stop it, and right now we have traffic coming to our sites, I mean, you're at the same way, you can't turn it off, like one time we stopped selling the product, and we took the site down, and people started complaining, like why do you take the site down, I want to buy it, and I'm like, how do you even know about the site, like I haven't talked about it, the contest site, the contest, we shut the contest site down over a year ago, and then last week we put it back up because I couldn't find the login for something inside the membership, I put it up, and I forgot to tell the guy to take it back down, I mean that night we had three sales come to that page, on a random, weird page, I had no idea how people even found it, I just blew my mind that that's even possible, okay, that's what happens after you start getting the stuff going, but it doesn't happen overnight, but after you get it going, it just happens, the sales will come in, whether you're doing it or not, I mean, do you guys know how your sales even come from, or do you know where your sales come from, just random like... I know some, other ones we don't know, I mean I have a Christmas trap product, and we sell it all year round, and I don't understand why. That's not a great problem to have, remember the first thing I remember, I wanted eBay, this is like 10 years ago, I first started this whole thing, this guy had this cool DVD, or CD that had all these like, cartoon, coloring book things, and I asked him if I could buy rights for him, he's like, yeah, so I paid him like 100 bucks, he gave me the rights, so I put it on the website, and they buy it, and I had to like burn the CD and mail it out to him, it was such a big pain, but it was like 15 bucks, and I put it up once, I never did any kind of marketing, and at first I did a little bit, and I kind of stopped, because I got tired of like burning the CD and shipping it out, and every single month I would sell like 10 of those things, and I get the CD and I get so frustrated, I have to burn the CD and mail it back out, and like I could not, I'm like, how did you just find the site, there's no way that it's impossible, but it comes back to, if you do it right, like it's talking about, if you're consistent with this kind of thing, you're doing these pieces here, you're doing the blogging stuff, you're doing joint ventures, you're doing the art, all this stuff you're going to learn about tomorrow, all these things, if you're consistent with it, it's not over a million dollars overnight, but it's, boom, it's pushing, it's pushing, it's building the list, building the list, building the list, and there's a point in there, and it might be three months, it might be six months, it might be a year, it might be two years, there's a point where you get critical mass, and all of a sudden it's like you can't turn it off, you got a list, you send an email out, you make money, traffic's coming out, it's just, it's a really cool thing, but a lot of times we think that's what's going to happen tomorrow, and because of that we give up too fast, and I don't want you guys to give up too fast, because again, this stuff works, it's just about being consistent, working the process, and if you do that, you're going to see the results. I've seen over and over again, and those who don't, they give up too fast, and it just ends, okay? Alright, any questions about that right now? Like I said, tomorrow you may be digging a lot more into the tactical parts about how to drive traffic, the actual specifics, the nuts and bolts, all that kind of stuff, I just want to get you guys to really understand the conceptual behind it, there's really, you know, as an entrepreneur your goal is not to do everything, it's to understand who's my target market, where are they congregating, and then how can I get to those people? Is it higher in SEO guys, is it higher in this, is it true this? But as long as you know those two questions, who they are and where they're at, now it's just an easy process, let's find them, let's figure out how and where we can get to those people. Okay, if you look at my key role in the business right now, it's not, I mean obviously the product development stuff, but my marketing stuff, I'm not running PPC campaigns, I'm not doing SEO, I'm not doing those kind of stuff, I don't know the affiliate stuff, what I'm doing is I'm trying to find out where's new veins of goal I can find? Here's a website over here, this is our target market, like 300,000 people, how can we, okay, these guys, you know, Brent, you go talk to the affiliate guy, you do SEO, you do this, and we start mining that gold mine, but your goal should be again, where's the veins of goal, where are these congregations at, where are these communities at that I can find the people, tap into it, get my ads out there, and drive people back into my squeeze page, into my sales page, and through the whole funnel. When you do that, it gets really, really exciting. You guys have seen the results of these guys, how exciting it can be when it starts working, but it's just a little bit of a process. So anyway, any other questions right now? So here it felt like they got a couple good ideas. Okay, good. Awesome.