What I want to talk about right now, we are going to switch paces now into the product development mode. This is something I have a lot of, I really enjoy as part of it and what I'm actually going to do, I spent some time today, I'm actually going to show you examples of a whole bunch of different types of products to get the wheels in your head spinning about. How easy this game can really be if you just look at it that way. The first thing I'm going to talk about is there's a key to this whole thing that makes it either work or not work. A lot of it is the Ask Campaign all kind of stuff. One of the most important things is we're developing your product from step number one, you need to figure out what is your hook. Okay, excuse me, every time I've done this wrong, my product fails. I can't, Mike, and there's a couple of things we talked about. I haven't talked about this yet, but there's things that people need and there's things that people want. Okay? I was in New Jersey for two years out in Okendoors and it was interesting, I was in an area called Camden. Have you ever been to Camden, New Jersey? Scary, scary spot, right? Very scary spot. One of the things I found out was there was the Murder Capital of the World. There was in the newspaper and it was funny, I was able to mail it back to my mom and freaked her out. The big thing, the headline said Camden, New Jersey is now the Murder Capital of the World. More murders happen here per head than anywhere else in the world. Awesome. I was there knocking doors and having a great time. When I found out, I go to these people's houses and these people were really, really poor. Low-end, a lot of projects, stuff like that, and you walk into their house and they don't have a phone. They all walk you out to their phone, they put their cord in, they call people on the phone. None of them have cars, they walk everywhere, they ride bikes. What was interesting to me is every single house, without exception, every house I walked and guessed it had the biggest TV on earth I've ever seen. Huge, like 80,000 inch TVs on the wall. Every single one, they sit there watching it for hours and hours. Nobody had a phone, nobody had a car, no one had a bike, no one had anything else, but they all had a TV. What people do is they buy what they want and not what they need. In the depression time, when everyone was going horrible and all those things were happening, guess what an industry didn't struggle at all? The entertainment industry. They did not struggle because people pay for what they want. What I found is with product creation is the same kind of thing. A lot of times we want to give customers what they need, which is good. That's a good desire that we have as entrepreneurs, we give them what they need. The problem is that people don't want what they need normally. For example, three years ago I put together this course and it was the greatest internet marketing course in the world. It showed you every single thing you needed to make money online. The step by step, it was the most amazing thing in the world. We put it out there. We did a big, huge product launch, spent insane amounts of time, money, and effort to launch it. Put it out there and completely flopped. I was just devastated. This is what everybody needs. I remember I was talking to one of my friends, Gary Ambrose, somebody who may know him. I was just like, I don't get it. Why is nobody buying this? It's exactly what every single person out there needs. He said something that was really profound to me. He said, what's the hook? It's not sexy. There's nothing exciting about it. It teaches internet marketing. But what's the hook? What makes it different or unique or exciting? I couldn't answer. I was like, it's this cool course that teaches people everything. I couldn't think of what the hook was. Since then, it's funny that that was something that ran in my head. Three or four times we've launched products. I've moved launch products a lot. Every time they fail, it always comes back to this almost every time. It's what's the hook? If they don't have a good hook, everything else just doesn't work. Now, the other thing that's kind of interesting, and we'll talk more about this in the next session, but again, people don't really buy what they need, but they buy what they want. So when you do that, you're thinking about your product structure that way. For example, some of you guys, to get to this seminar, you bought one of my front-end products. My front-end products are really sexy, shiny things. Everyone wants the shiny objects. One of our front-end products are shiny topics. We want a microcontinuity, we want a 12-month millionaire. We got one on the darksided.com secret. It's always like shiny objects, things that people really want. They get so excited because they want to learn about this thing or that thing. So we sell them that, but then guess what? They buy that, we call them on the phone, and guess what I sell them? I sell them what they need. This is what you guys need. I wish everyone of my students would come to this event. This is what people need because it walks you through step-by-step process. But it's hard to sell something like this because it's not very sexy. Everyone teaches you everything about internet marketing. Is that sexy for you guys? It's not traditionally sexy. So anyway, it comes back to what wants needs. We'll talk more about that. But it also comes back to you, find out what your hook is. What is your hook for your product? Now, who here thinks that the diet industry has changed at all in the last 50 billion years? If you're really fat and you want those weight, what do you do? There's a really simple process. You lose weight yourself. Yeah, that's kind of what it is, right? Is there any, like, is that revolutionary? Everybody starts to have imagination? No. Okay, how many billions and billions and billions of dollars are made every single year in the weight loss industry? Tons and tons and tons. And the reason why is because marketers are smart. They figure out a way to find a good hook. Okay, on page number 23, I show you two different hooks in the fitness industry. This one right here, this is one of the guys that actually he won Body for Life one year. And I met him and he launched this product and it made me laugh so hard. It's called Cheat Your Way Thin. You see this picture of hot dogs and hamburgers and ice cream. It says, Discovery, you can join thousands of others who have already used my proven cheating system to effortlessly strip away countless inches from their own hard to lose problem areas, so all while eating ice cream, devouring juicy burgers and indulging all the food that most of their diaries only dream about. Who here wants to be on a diet like that? Okay, that sounds great, right? The next one is the burrito diet. This guy lost all his weight by eating burritos all day. It's the burrito diet. Think about all the different hooks out there and how people sell how to lose weight. This is one of the best industries to see different hooks because there's so many things and they're all pretty much the same, right? It's all fine. What's your hook? What's your unique angle? You can bring the market. People are like, oh, that's awesome. That looks great. Figure out the hook is one of the biggest parts. If you can't figure out a hook for your product, it's probably not a good product. Try to figure out what can your hook be, what can make it different, exciting, sexy, unique. Figure out a hook. We spend a lot of time just figuring out what's the hook. Is this the right hook? Is it going to get people excited or not? The next thing we'll talk about now, I just want to go into product development. And I said I got a box of a whole bunch of products from my library upstairs just to show you guys different ways to create product. If you look on page number 24 and 25, we're going to go through a lot of these things. The first one is Ghost Ritney books. We talked about before creating your outline, right? Have anyone here ever tried to write a book? Couple of you guys. How was it? How long did it take to write a book? Months and months. It's a horrible, miserable process, right? Who would rather die than write a book? Couple of us. All right, good. It's a long process. Sit down and get us, start typing this whole thing. It takes forever. But so what we do, one of the easiest ways is that you get your outline and you don't write it. You go out and hire people who are great writers. You outsource that as well. What I found, if I outsource people, like the first time I had someone write the How To Overcome pornography book, I said, oh, it's horrible. I paid this person 500 bucks to write a 300-page book. It was a really good deal. Put it out there. She wrote, it was a lady. She wrote the book. She sent it back to me. And it was like, just, it was weird. Like, there were chapters about good pornography versus bad pornography, how to find this. And I was like, if someone's suffering from pornography addiction, do you want to give them a chapter about a good pornography versus bad pornography so they can rationalize whenever they do whatever they want? Does that make any logical sense? There was a whole chapter devoted to that. And I was just like, crap, I wasted 500 bucks to get the book done. What I found is if I create my chapter outline first, I said, this is the chapter. Chapter title one is this. Chapter title do is this. I give them the outline and say, now go out and research these topics and write 10, 15 pages in each chapter. It makes the process so much faster, cheaper, and easier. So that's why I always create the outline first and get it go straight. Now, I'm going to go through and just show you guys, again, some books. This is one. We're working on an offer for this book right here. This is actually a PMI offer. Where are you at? eBay versus Craigslist profits. This is a guy that he finds products on Craigslist and really, really cheap. Because Craigslist isn't his competitive. People post things in the local town. He buys them on Craigslist and he buys them like a Nordatrack or something for like 100 bucks. Bysit here puts it on eBay, sells it for 200 bucks. And that's what it does all the time, just arbitrage. Bysit on Craigslist, sells it on eBay, makes a ton of money. And this is the whole book teaches that. Oh, the phone ring. I was hoping it wasn't my wife. Whoosh, dodge the bullet, guys. OK. So that's the process of this guy's book. So they went on their test of the market. They did market research. People wanted it. They were going to launch it. And guess what they did? They didn't sit down and say, OK, let's go write a book now. They hired a ghost writer. They said, this is the topic. Go write a book. And the guy is doing it. He said, this is what I'm doing. I don't know how to write a book. I'm not a writer. We'd write this book about the topic. And they paid some guys some money and they got to write the book and boom, now they got a book. OK. So this is the ghost-shirting book. I'm just going to, I'm going to go on the guy's book, pass them like this way, this way, this way, this way, and then jump it down on the table, my brother's table acting in the back. So you can kind of see samples there. There's a ghost-shirting book. I would say probably 90% of the books that are, I don't know, maybe I'm lying, but I would say 50%, 60% of the books on the bookshelves in the bookshores are written by ghost writers. OK. Lance Armstrong is not a great writer. He didn't write his book. He hired a ghost writer to write the book for him. OK. That's the way that the publishing industry for the most part works. Most people, they're good at something. They're good at it. They're not a writer. They hire ghost writers. So don't think you need to write a book. I'm just going to start pulling things out of this book and talk about it. OK. Next thing, this is a company they do really, really well. It's called Net Success Interviews. Instead of writing a book, because that takes way too long, all they do is they find 10 or 20 or 30 people who are good at a topic. They call them on the phone. They interview that person, and then they take the interview, and they transcribe it, and they slap it in a book, and they sell it. So this is a whole book. It's just interviews of people. They got a whole book they can use to now lead GenThing. OK. So think about your market. Who could you interview about a topic? You're going to be working together, transcribing. Now you've got a book on whatever topic you want really, really quickly. OK. This is one of my friends, Matt Basak. He wanted to write a book, and he didn't want to write 20 chapters either. So what he did is he just did five or six tell seminars. He knew this is the topic. This is my outline. He did a tell seminar each piece of the outline, took his own call, transcribed it, and boom, launched a book. He took this book from the day he started to the day he launched it and got it on Amazon best sellers list in less than 30 days. The whole entire process, writing the book, editing it, printing it, shipping it, launching it, getting a best seller. And he did an all by sitting down and writing page number one. He did it by just talking about it, transcribing it, and boom. And then if you look at this book, there's like so many spelling errors and so many grammar errors. It's not good, but he's made millions of dollars off this book. He's the lead Gen to get people to all other stuff he does. OK. Very simple way to do it. OK. Anyone ever heard of the book Chicken Soup for the Soul? OK. Haven't heard of it read in these books before? OK. This is the more, I think it's more books, many of you guys don't know for sure, but I think this is the most successful published book in the history of the world, outside like the Bible and stuff like that. It's print and sold more copies and anything else. This is the book series. What's interesting is that Jack Hanifell and Mark Victor Hanson and of both these guys, they didn't write a single word of this book. OK. This is their process. Chicken Soup for the Soul, 101 stories to open the heart and rekindle the spirit. They found 101 people had unique stories about something. They submitted it, they put it in a book, they bound it, they put their name on it and they started selling the crap out of it. OK. Chicken Soup for the Soul. So that's the first one that came out. Now, if you're curious if this series is, if this model is successful or not, let me talk about since then. I talk to these guys, they pre-sell, I can't remember if they pre-sell a million or 10 million copies before they actually write the book. So they'll go out there and they'll launch it. They'll get a million or 10 million copies, I can't remember. Then they'll, OK, we pre-sold them, now let's go write the books, find people with articles. And they have them on the weirdest crap. So Chicken Soup for the NASCAR Soul, 101 stories, a family fortune of NASCARs. OK. So let's go write a book on that, NASCARs. This one I love just because this is actually the sequel, which means this is the second version of this. Chicken Soup for the Horse Lover Soul, volume two. OK. Which means there's a volume one as well. So they got, they got a bunch of people that had horses that liked to talk about them and they asked them to give them an article and then boom, they published a book, sold tens of millions of copies and made a fortune. Then they got a bunch of people who were in prison and they're like, hey guys, we need some Chicken Soup for you guys too, Chicken Soup for the prisoner soul. OK. And it goes on and on and there's like thousands of these books, right? I heard Dan Kenney say that someday in the future there will be a Chicken Soup for every single person on the earth. All of us have our own Chicken Soup book eventually because of the series. OK. Now think about that. Right now you're in a niche and let's say you want to go and sell something to the, how to lose weight niche and like, I don't know how to lose weight. I'm, you know, I'm still overweight. I don't know how to do it. You can go to article directories, things like easyarticles.com and go to these article directories and find people who are experts on a topic. And just go in and say, hey, you've written an article on how to lose weight. Can I publish your article in my book? And guess how many of those people are going to say yes. OK. This is the deal. This is what most people think. You see someone that's published author and you're like, oh, this person's a published author. He's really rich and famous and doesn't want to talk to me. The reality is that published authors, people like that, in their little circle of influence they're rich and famous and people like them. But in the real world, like, nobody cares who they are. They go home at night. Their wife's bored with them. They don't want to talk to them. They quit talking about work all day. All they ever talk about is work. And for them to have someone come to them, like, so you're interested in my own talk about, yeah, you can have my article. You can interview me. Whatever you want. People get so excited when someone else is passionate about what they want. I've had the ability to interview people. I interviewed a guy who made $100 million in 23 months just because I called him mass marketing interview. Six hours of sound and phone with him interviewing him. Just because he was like, yeah, sure. I got nothing else to do. No one else wants to talk to me about this crap. If you're interested, I will listen to it. So interviews, again, that's the easy way to do it. So thinking of your niche, go to an article directories, compile a bunch of articles. Boom, you got a chicken soup for the soul book. Obviously, name it something different. But that's an easy, fast way to create a product. You can launch a product in a weekend doing that. OK, this is one of my favorite ones. OK, Matt Fury, great info marketer, makes a ton of money. I don't know the size of his business, but I'm guessing about $5 to $10 million a year, right? This is his flagship product. Or excuse me, his flagship product, combat conditioning. This is him in front of it. Now, this product sells for $50. He's got 50 exercises on the side of it. He does millions of dollars every year with this book still, year after year after year. Now, I want to show you guys inside this. I want you guys to let me know if you think you could probably create this book in less than five minutes or not. Right here, he's doing a lunge. And then there's a paragraph explaining how to do a lunge. OK, then right here, he's doing a no momentum sit up, which means a sit up really slow. And there's three pictures of it. And then there's a paragraph explaining how to do a no momentum sit up. OK, then you got, hold on, this is really cool. This is called bowing. This is where you bend at your waist. And then you come back up afterwards. OK, that's combat conditioning for you. 50 exercises like that. Over a million bucks a year, every year, consistently with this book. Now, if you look at the picture, does it look like he's got a great six pack or anything? He doesn't. And he created combat abs now. And guess what this is? Here's 50 different ways to do push ups or sit ups. Here's where I bend my hands to my feet. And then over here, I do a neck bridge. 50 of them. Boom, another million dollar your business. I got my wrestlers that work for me now. We've got all these guys knocking out products like this. We've got one that's functional strength, one that's how to do pull ups. One that's how to work out on a playground. Here's just stupid products. People buy them. So easy, easy ways to make information products. This is one that's kind of a fun one. This is the guy. And this is an actual product. This guy created a product called directory profits. And what he teaches, he's out of the system. He goes out there and he finds directories of things. And the reason why this is a funny story to me is because when I was a little kid, and you guys are all going to make fun of me about this, I was really interested in spy stuff. And I remember I bought, it was like $12 or $15. I bought this directory. It was like, all these spy, how to find spy kits, and where to buy your telescopes, and your cameras, and all that kind of stuff. I bought this directory. It was just a directory of where to buy all this kind of stuff. And I bought this directory. Turns out later, it was this guy, Rob Taylor, who was selling, who I bought that directory when I was a little kid. And his whole business, he finds directories of different topics, and he groups them together and sells the directory. So there's not any content, not any information, just collection of directories of different things, and he sells the directory. Here's how to find this. Here's how to find this. And there's a whole product just finding directories. OK, this one I love. I kind of like it because I bought it, which means it works, and it's just funny. So this guy, TJ Rowlett, famous director of marketing, he sees a picture here, he collects junk mail. This is a stack of his junk mail he's collected. It's like this tall to him, right? So he took all this junk mail and he scanned it, and he put it on a CD, and I bought it because I wanted to see what was on the junk mail because I'm into that kind of thing. Passionate, obsessive crowd like me, love that kind of stuff. Just tons and tons of ads. And this is swipe file number two, which means there was a part one as well. So just taking ads and scanning them and selling them. Simple, stupid, easy way to make a product. One of my friends had a whole bunch of ideas. He went through marketing seminars like this, I got idea after ideas. So many good ideas. He didn't have no time to actually do any of them. So he took a man to come out with 378 ideas. He would just take note cards and just keep track of all his ideas. Finally, he was like, crap, I got so many ideas, I'm never going to launch any of these. So he made a book and he called it 378 Internet Marketing Predictions. And each one of these is an idea for a product. And he published his new book. And I know the first day he launched it, he did over $10,000 selling this book, which he just tears a bunch of my ideas. I don't have time to do anything with. Who has got any ideas? All right, just that's a great, easy way to do something. OK, the other thing that's kind of cool there, you heard these guys talk about PLR products. What I'm going to get out of that is there's private label rights products or resell rights products. There's a lot of people out there who are really good at creating content, creating products. They create these things, but they have no idea how to sell them. So what they do is they say, hey, I'm going to make money because I'm going to sell the resell rights to these products. And so you guys pay, how much do you pay for your resell rights product? $2 or $3. $2 or $3. And they have a resell rights. And they can sell this book over and over and over again. There are literally tens, if not hundreds of thousands of resell rights products out there on every topic you can imagine and conceive of. And they're written books that are just amazing. You can go get them. You can put your name on them and publish them. So this is one right here. Ian Chia, some of you guys may know him, he created a product called the No Sell System. He sold resell rights to it for $47. And resell rights you could take it and you could put your own name on it. I can sell it. I paid $47. I bought the book. We got it, took it right here. I slapped my name on the top of it. There's one chapter here I didn't like, so I deleted that chapter, put it into a book, and we launched it. And when we launched this, we had it as an upsell to one of our products. The first week, we sold $38,000 worth of this book. And guess how many words I wrote in here? None, actually two. I wrote Russell Brunson. So that's it. But a resell rights product. Again, every niche you can think about there, there's a resell rights product. It's way that you can buy them for dollars. And you can republish them in so much your own product. So here is, this is something I learned from Matt Fury, which is just brilliant. So when I was in high school, I read this article by Matt Fury. He's the Combat Abs guy about these old school wrestlers and how they did all this stuff back in the old days. And he sold this course that was called the Farmer Burns School of Wrestling. It was this old wrestling course. And he found this one last copy of it and got the ability to publish it again and all sorts of stuff. And I remember he sold like 50 or 60 bucks. He was selling tons of them. And I couldn't afford it at the time, but I was like, excuse me, that's a really cool product. I wish I could get it. And anyway, then fast forward now, probably five or six years, and I was learning this business, and I had a friend sit down with me and said there's this really cool topic called the public domain. You hear the public domain? Public domain are basically products or works that were created that the copyrights expired. You can take those products and you can republish them as your own. That's how Disney, how they can publish little mermaid, beauty, and the beast, all these things, because those stories were not written by Walt Disney. They're written by other people, they're in the public domain, now he can take them and you can republish them. And remember he told me that, I'm like, that's a stupid idea. Who's gonna take an old book and publish it? I was like, that's the most horrible idea in the world. Sat down that I laid down in my bed and like four or five hours later, woke up and I was like, wait a minute, remember that old wrestling book that Matt Fury was selling? I wonder if that, so I jumped online, went on the computer, and went and I found the site and looked at the whole thing, we were showing the very bottom, very bottom, it said images and something from this site were found in the public domain. I was like, holy crap, he found an old wrestling book and republished it. So I actually went at that time and I bought the book, this is right here, it was $60, and this is the course. But it was interesting, I went on eBay, so I paid $60 for the republished version. I went to eBay and I found someone who was actually selling the original Farmer Burns wrestling course. It was a little buy-off like 30 bucks. This is the original from 1914, this wrestling course, which he just took this and republished it into this, it's in the public domain. He makes insane amounts of money with this every single year. I'm gonna pass this around, be careful this one, because this is kind of ripping this old, but I'm gonna pass it on to you guys to kind of see, this is the public domain work that has turned into an actual product there, it's just kind of cool. So I got excited about public domain, so I'm like, man, if I have a wrestling product about that, what other kind of products are out there? So I started doing, I started going to eBay, and in eBay you can actually search for books by year, so I searched for books that were published before, and let me show you the stats. So basically, anything published pre-1923 in the USA, before 1923 in the USA is automatically the public domain. It means the copyright's expired, you can take it, you can republish it, and boom, without having to ask or do anything. It's just, that's the year the copyright laws changed. So anything pre-1923. So I go to eBay, I type in year 1923 and earlier, I start typing in keywords, I start typing in fitness, I typed in physical culture, I typed in dream interpretation, I typed in anything cool I could think of I might want to buy, I found thousands and thousands of books on every single of these topics, and every single of these books was really cool because they were selling them, there's old books that no one really wants, they're selling like a dollar, two dollars, three dollars. So I buy the book, and I met this guy that owns a company, oh, am I gonna forget it right now, it's called Bookscanning, Bookscanning.com. And his name is Tim O, really cool guy, and what I do is I order my book on eBay, and I'd have it shipped directly to his house. He'd get it, if you go to his site, he can do this for like $100, $200. He takes the book, and he's got some systems, he scans the whole thing, and then he emails you the word document, and then he sends you the book. So then I get the book and the word document, now I've got the word document in the book, and I can republish it as fast as I want, and boom, I've got a book I can launch like a week later. That's really, really cool. Now, so pre-1923, that's one of the magic dates, and there's no more magic dates from 1923 to 1963. There's a window here, again, when the copyright laws changed to give. But anything between 1920 through 1963 that was not, the copyright was not renewed, is automatically in the public domain. Now, what's interesting is only 7% of works were ever renewed. So it means 93% of the books written between these years are automatically in the public domain. I guess most of these writers back here in the early 1900s, they were writing a lot better books than what people are writing nowadays, and you can get that content, you can just use it. So what I do, if I find a book between 1923 and 1963, I've got a lawyer who lives out in DC, his name is Mike Heineck. You're at Heineck.com, and I just send him the book title, the description, the information, he walks across to you at the copyright offices, he looks it up, see if it was renewed, if not, he walks back, emails me with his written statement saying this is in the public domain, and now I can go and take that book and I can republish it. So kind of exciting, and again, I got obsessed with, I ended up buying probably 100, 200 books in the public domain that were all sellable, and I started selling a whole bunch of them. One of the cool ones I found was called Dream Interpretation. And it was 10,000 dreams interpreted, which is really cool. If you look at it, you open it up, it's like, if you saw Goldfish in your dream last night, it means to dream of Goldfish is a prognostic, many successful and pleasant adventures for young women. This dream is inevitable, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, anything you dream about, it's got the description here. So this is one of the products we republished in the public domain. Now, one of our students came up to me and he was a smart guy, he said, this is a cool idea, I want to turn it into a software program. He took this whole thing, took the public domain that we had, the ebook version of it, took the whole thing, and he put it into a little basic Excel database. He paid a program like 20 or 30 bucks, and he opened this dream interpretation software, and you type in Goldfish. And then it goes through and it pulls out of the database, this is what your dream meant. And you type in, I saw a sunset, and it pulls out, it's a simple, stupid, easy program, 20 bucks, and now he has his own dream interpretation software, all off of a public domain book like this. Okay, so really cool things you can do with repackaging. This is the book I found, I can't find the actual book, but I found a public domain book, and then my father-in-law's got a really good voice, he has radio, so I gave him the book and said, I'll pay $1,000 to read this book in the microphone. He read the whole thing and we turned the Life Worker Farmer Burns into an audio CD, book on CD type series. So another fun thing we do with the public domain stuff. So public domain stuff is really, really exciting. Anyone have any questions about public domain from move on? Yeah? Do you typically maintain the original author, the public domain, the original author's name? I personally, I personally do. I like keeping the same person's name, and I've read things back and forth if you can or can't. Well, Disney obviously doesn't, he doesn't tell who. So I personally like to do it. Now, one thing you can do is you can create derivative works. For example, anyone here read the book, Think and Grow Rich? I think one of the most famous public domain books because it's in public domain, that's why it's been reprinted like 10 jillion times. Everyone's got their own version of Think and Grow Rich. But what you can do is you can take those kind of products, you can make a derivative work. So I know friends that do seminars called Think and Grow Rich Seminar, and they have, here's the book and the manual, but then they have all their teachings that kind of go along with it and they create their own system around a book, which I think is probably the better way to do it. But, yeah. And once you republish it, is it yours until that, who is that, or can anybody republish it? Anyone can republish it. You can copyright your printing format, how you, you know, your types of that kind of stuff, you can't republish it. After the work's in the public domain, it's in the public domain for anyone to use. But even with that though, like, so Think and Grow Rich are probably 500 people that are making tons of money with that same book. So, okay. So those are some product ideas. Let's see, I got some other ones too. Another good one is Book on CD. And I'm going to talk about next session, we'll talk about ascension models and stuff like that, but taking a book, putting on audio CD, interviewing people, things like that are really easy ways. One, some of my friends, they wanted to hire a really expensive business consultant. It was, and I don't know how much he charged, I'm guessing $30,000 to $50,000 a day for consulting, which is a stiff bill to pay, right? So they got their brains on, said, hey, how about this, we're going to hire you, but is it okay if we film you while you're teaching us? So they said, okay, so we came in, did the consulting thing, they filmed the whole thing, and they packed it up as a product and made a couple of million bucks selling the products of this guy consulting their business on how to do business. Okay, smart way, huh? One of my friends, Alex Mendoza, he did a tell seminar, or does a bunch of tell seminars stuff. One of my friends a long time ago hired him, and he wanted an hour of his time to teach him how to do tell seminars. He was like, I don't know, $1,000 an hour. He paid $1,000, and he did a tell seminar with Alex to learn how to do a tell seminar, and he took that interview and started selling it and made a whole bunch of money with it. So, really cool thing. Interview series is a great way, especially if you're just getting started. When I first got started in this business, I didn't know anything about internet marketing, so what I did is I positioned myself more as like the reporter, as opposed to being like, I'm the guru, I was the reporter. I was like Larry King, and went out there and I started finding people who were successful. I interviewed expert number one, I interviewed expert number two, and I started interviewing all these different people, and it does a couple of things. First off, I got a whole bunch of products I could start selling off all these different interviews. Second thing is you start branding yourself with people. You see Russell Brunson and this guy, Russell Brunson and this guy, Russell Brunson and this guy, pretty soon, you start seeing me everywhere, and it's like, hey, Russell Brunson is at the same level as that guy. It's a smart strategic move. You're getting into a new industry, new businesses to interview people that are the experts in the area. I know Gary, you did your book, you want to talk about your book, you interviewed, how many people for your book? Gary, I interviewed 30 people, so what's one of them? Really, you'd be surprised at how easy it is if people are willing to be interviewed. You're so excited that someone cares about them. Yeah, so I interviewed 30 people for my book and it would happen in my book. Yeah. You made it really easy. Speed of the process, huh? Awesome. I told you guys earlier, I interviewed Vince James. He's a guy I made $100 million in 23 months. I interviewed him for six hours. He didn't charge me anything for it. Let me have the rights to it so you can do whatever you want with it. He took it, he sold it, and we ended up selling it. From that six hour interview loan, I don't know exact number, but there's at least $2 million made off that one interview loan from the three or four times we've launched and done stuff with it. If you find someone that knows something cool, ask them if you can interview them. There's just so many, I don't know. A lot of people get nervous because I'm not an expert, I'm not good at something. We'll find someone who isn't an expert, bring that person in an interview, and boom, you got a product that fast. The interesting about audio interviews is you can bust them out so fast. I can interview 10 people in a day and now I've got 10 different products that fast as opposed to writing a book. You've got six weeks of manual writing and typing. The other thing that's cool is the perceived value of audio is way higher than a book. A book, you're going to pay $20 at Barnes & Noble for a book, but an audio CD, you're going to pay $100 for the book on CD. In fact, if you look up page number 24, this is the first thing I'm pretty sure I quote. This is my quote. I never heard someone else say it, so this is the only thing I've ever quoted as my own quote. This is what it is. It says, people will pay more money for the exact same content packaged in a different way. This is going to be key with the next session we're going to be talking about. If you look right here in the picture, this is the book, Think and Grow Rich. Who here has ever read Think and Grow Rich? You've actually read the whole book, every word of it. I don't believe you guys. I got the book, $10 I bought it, right? Because they never keep talking about, read Think and Grow Rich. It's just so good. You need to read it. So I got it, $10, put it on next to my bed and sat there for months and months and months. I never read it. I was just like, I know I need it. I know I need it. I never did it. So finally one day I'm on eBay and I type in Think and Grow Rich and I see someone selling the CD of it for $97. I bought the CD for it. I got it in my car. I drive to work and back, right? I go back to school and back. I start listening to it and within a week and a half I'd read the entire book, Think and Grow Rich. Okay. Now let me ask you, is there any difference between the content in the book, Think and Grow Rich and the audio CD, Think and Grow Rich? No, it's a guy reading the book. There's not a word of difference. Yet I paid $10 for the book and I paid $97, 10 times as much money for the audio version. Why? It's how people consume it. What's that? It's how you package. Yeah. People will say, people will pay more money for the exact same content packaged in different ways. Upsells and downsells, all sorts of stuff like that. But remember that because what we started doing is, crap, I want to jump ahead. Should I or not? I'm going to jump ahead. Yeah, I will. What we started doing was instead of going and writing a book and then taking that and turning it into an audio CD and then doing a video and kind of moving people up this ascension lot, crap, I'm going to escape. I'm going to come back so it makes more sense. Anyway, I apologize. Okay. So I'm going to finish product development and I'll jump into that real quick. So interview series are really good. The next step up after that is going to be, oh, here's another interview series. This is one, this is a really cool product. This guy got like 15 really, really smart people in the room. He put up a microphone in the middle and he said, okay, I got a question for you. Ask a question and everybody would answer it. Then he asked another question and everyone would answer it. And six, seven C's later they got a killer product. Just listening to people give their opinions on stuff. Okay. Excuse me. So if you can find five or six people really smart about a topic, bring them in the room and just record them talking about it. I've asked them questions and I've answered it and boom, it creates a great product that people are going to learn from. Okay. So that's audio products. Let me move up to after audio, we've got video products. The perceived value of video products obviously higher than audio products. Do you have a question? Oh, this is my first video product that I showed you. It's how to make a potato gun. This was literally a handy cam video we set up and recorded it. So it wasn't high quality. Now, one of the big misconceptions most people have, and I promise some of you guys are going to have this problem and you're going to lose a whole bunch of money because you're not going to listen to me, is you have to think that your stuff has to be Hollywood quality production. I worked with my really close friends. He flew out here four or five years ago. I talked about his process and he was all excited. He went back home. He had $5,000 to his name. It was the same as $5,000. And he went out there and he created this product. And the product was a good concept. It was body weight exercises, like getting a buddy and lifting him up and stuff like that, which is a big niche, a big industry actually. And he created it all and he came back and sent me the copy of the DVD. I'm like, dang, this is good quality. He's like, yeah, I spent a lot of money to build it. I'm like, I told you not to spend money. How much do you spend? He's like, I hired a film crew and a production crew cost me five grand to film this DVD. I'm like, $5,000 to film one DVD. I'm like, you have no money now to go out and market it. There's no value in doing that. The money is, you need to save the money for marketing, not in the product development part of it. And that's something you need to understand. People are not paying for Hollywood production. Somebody wants to learn about potato guns. They don't want to learn from Jack Bauer or Keith Russel and teach them how to build potato guns. They want to know the do this down in his basement, cut and pipe and glue them together. That's who they want to learn from. You need to bring that around. Now the key, what you need to know is that the content is the most important part of your product. The content is not the delivery. So example this, there's this guy named Brooks Kubic. He's got these really awesome products on. It's called Dinosaur Strength Training. And it's really cool like fitness products. So when I was actually, when I was wrestling at BYU, I bought a bunch of his products. I was reading them. They were just so, so good. And when I came back, I started my business a couple years later and I found his website like four or five years ago again. And I had a little bit of money this time. I'm like, oh, this is awesome. And Brooks, he had his book, but he also had like four or five DVDs. And these DVDs sold for like $50 a piece. So to get all of them was like $250. And I finally had money to actually buy it. I got so excited. So I bought the whole CD set. I got it shipped to my house. And when I got it, Garrett and BJ who are not down here now, you guys will meet some of them tomorrow, they were in my house when I got the DVDs. And I was like, this is this guy. I've been telling you that I'm so excited. So I put the first DVD and I'm just so excited to show these guys like this guy and his weight lifting techniques and stuff. And we put the video in and it's really, really quiet. Everything's black. I'm waiting and waiting, you know. And all of a sudden you hear, hun, hun, I can't see you. And you hear this guy go, you got to take the lens cap off, hun. And this guy go, this, you see him walk back and lay down and start doing bench presses. And they started just dying laughing and making fun of me. You paid $50 for this crap. And they going on and on and on. I was like so embarrassed. And they left. And they're not the target market. They left, kept making fun of me. They told my wife, my wife was ripping off me. You spent how much money on these stupid DVDs? And then anyway, that night after everyone goes to sleep, I went back out and started watching them. I started watching them. And the content on the DVDs was phenomenal. Like what I learned on the things was just worth $50 or more by far. And for me, who was the target market, the consumer who wanted that product, it was worth every penny and more for me. So the moral of the story is not the production quality. It's not what you're looking for. What you're looking for is people have a relationship with you. They want to buy it for you because you know something they don't know. The money you spend is on the marketing, not on the production, not on the quality. If you watch this video, the case looks good because some paid $100 to design it. The video is pretty ghetto. So yeah, anyway, it's a good one. I'll pass that one around to you. The next thing, I'm sure a lot of you guys heard of this software called Camtasia. Camtasia is one of the greatest tools for product development in the world. You open the software up, you open your computer screen, hook a microphone, and whatever's happening on your screen, it makes a video of you talking your way through it. So one of my friends, and this is the first time I've ever really exposed to Camtasia, he wanted to create a product teaching bulldogs, how to train bulldogs. And he knew nothing about bulldogs. He went and bought five books on bulldog training. He hired a ghostwriter. He mailed them all these five books. He said, read all five of these books, and then make, I need 200 PowerPoint slides teaching how to train a bulldog. So he had to read all the books, he got his PowerPoint slides, send them to PowerPoint slides. My friend opened up on his computer. He opened up Camtasia, click record, and he taught for like two hours how to train bulldogs. Just reading them off the slides, just what you do next, and what you do next. And just taught this thing. He looked like an expert, taught the whole thing. It was all done. He had like a two or three DVD set teaching how to train bulldogs. Sold it and made a whole ton of money with it. He didn't write a word of it, just outsourced the whole thing. So audio or video stuff is really cool. This is a course called Cypher of Academy. Again, it's not by any stretch of imagination, high quality. But look right here. Most of the course is just little CDs he made of screen capture videos teaching people how to do what he just did. And there's some text here to kind of talk about it. But that's the extent. That's a great product. I think this is like a four or five hundred dollar product right there. So Camtasia is a great way to do it. We're going to be doing a little bit of a video. One of our students came through and we were teaching this process and then we went back the next weekend and did it. So I'm encouraging some of you guys to do this. But they needed a product and he didn't know how to do a product. And I said, look, my first product, and none of you guys are here, good. My very first seminar I ever did, I sold it and it was a five thousand dollar seminar. I had no idea if anyone was going to show up. And so I put it out there in two people bar and I was like, yes, ten grand. And I'm like, crap, I got two people. I mean, the audience didn't look like an idiot. I'm trying to teach the seminar and I only got two people to show up. So I'm like, can you smell the people? So I invited a bunch of my friends and family members and I had like, you know, the Brunson family clan, these two guys who were paid in there. I'm like, don't tell me you're my brother. And we did the whole like thing, right? We set the video camera and recorded the whole thing and that was one of my first actual products was that. And so what I challenge, if you don't have like people who are going to pay you money for something yet, get like a bunch of your friends or family members. I'm going to teach this thing to show up, sit in front of a room, sit down, I'll buy you dinner, just nod your head a lot so the camera sees your head nodding. I'm going to talk for two or three hours and boom, I have my product done. It's easy way to do it. Now it's difficult to do it without people in the room I found. In fact, one time we had to create this product for this guy and he needed like, we were doing like one DVD in his whole DVD course and then it was going to print it like the next day. And he's like, if you want to be on this course, you need it and they're going to, they're going to sell like thousands of copies of this thing and I wanted to be like the internet marketing DVD in there. He's like, I need it tonight. So I'm like, crap. So we came out here in this basement and we put up like a fake tree here and a fake tree here and I was talking and there was nobody in the audience except for my brother with a video camera. And I did this whole presentation as if I'm like, yeah, you know what I'm talking about and I'm talking to everybody and do this whole thing as if I'm in a whole room full of people. He had to zoom in high so that you can see when you know, the lack of heads that were in the room. And this whole thing as if I was, and that's a lot more difficult than having 10 of your friends in there just nodding at you. I promise you. So anyway, so seminar videos are an awesome thing. Now they start talking about is this is a whole bunch of ways to create products and a lot of fun, easy ways, but also there's ways to take your existing content, repackage it and make a lot more money with it. One of the things is just recycling your content. Now this is like the funniest example of recycling content I've ever seen in history in my life. That's why I wanted to bring it. Maybe we're going to hear Jason Moffat. You guys see him? So yeah. And I apologize in advance that this book title offends anybody or the picture on the front. But he, he, he, he, he's Twitter. He has Twitter, you know, tweeting is obviously, he just tweeted all day long for like four or five years, right? I haven't spent up. It does a tweet picks and all sorts of stuff. He's been Twittering. He's just had this big archives of Twittering. And so he wanted to write a book. And so the title of the book, as you can see right here, and that's what the title of the book is. And the content of the book is just his tweets for three years and the tweet picks. And that's the entire book. And the funniest thing maybe Laugh is like, you read the introduction here. This is like, he's like the king under cheerer of the world and the best outsourced in the world. He said, this book is a classic example of the ultimate toilet book with some hardcore laziness add together. I probably about 17 minutes invested in this book. I spent five minutes to write this intro, five minutes to snap a photo of me on the crapper in a couple of minutes instructing my assistant to get the book done. Hey Ryan, copy all my tweets and put them in a book and call it. Anyway, that was the whole thing. So this is recycling your content. Now this is obviously an extreme, very, very extreme example of this, but I want to talk about how we recycle our content. For example, we, that seminar, the very first one I did, the how to turn $20 into a million dollar business. That was a free CD we sold on the front end for a whole bunch of stuff for years and years and years. We also turned that into resellerized products people bought a different way and sold it sold there. So the audios made audios, these are just the audio. Like we repackage that thing probably 10 different times over the last four or five years selling them over and over and over again. There's a reason why I have cameras set up right here. Because I know that every time I talk I can repackage that some way and sell it again and again and again and again. Okay. What SmartFeeds do is every time we're talking about a topic, set up a microphone because people will pay for just your conversations randomly about a topic if they feel like you're a guru and know what you're talking about. You want to keep recycling your content over and over and over again. Recycling is a big thing. Ren itching your content. I think I'm out of folks, yeah. Ren itching your content. So one of the other things we do a lot is like we have dot com secrets for dentists, dot com secrets for chiropractors, dot com secrets for all these different niches and the content is exactly the same in all of them. All we do is we change the title, put a different sticker on the front of the book. Because is internet marketing for chiropractors any different than internet marketing for doctors? No, it's the same crap. There's nothing different between it. So all we do is we have a book. Brittany will probably show you the book tomorrow. It says internet marketing for and then there's a little stick we put on it says for real estate for whatever it is. We change the landing page a little bit but this is the exact same content every single thing. But what's interesting is if I'm going to a bookstore and I see like let's say it's speed reading and I see speed reading or speed reading for dentists. I'm a dentist. I'm like crap, speed reading is talking to me. I'm going to buy that and you're going to pay twice as much because it's speed reading for dentists. But guess what? It's the exact same product. When you're in an infinity group and someone's speaking to you, you're going to listen a lot more than if it's just like random generic type thing. So re-niching your existing content is a really powerful thing. Other ways to create products, membership sites. My very first membership site was the Lost Files. It was $27 a month and we got people paid every single month. It was the greatest thing in the world. Memberships are great. Continuity programs. Some of you guys know we have a print newsletter. Every single month we publish a print newsletter. Membership sites, things like that. Another easy way to create products is you just buy websites. I really wanted to be in the Forex industry really, really bad because Forex, I don't even know what Forex is to be honest with you. But I know people are making a crap load of my selling Forex products. I'm like, I want to be in that industry. I want to figure out, I want to sell stuff in this industry. But I don't know, again, I don't know what Forex is. I don't know any information about it. I'm dumb about Forex. So when on a site, there's a site called flipa.com, F-L-I-P-P-A.com and people buy and sell websites. I'm in Forex. There's like 10 dudes selling Forex websites. One of them was really nice. I put a bid on it and when we were in a pain for it, it was 10 grand. 10 grand, I bought a Forex website with the software done, the sales letter done, everything done for 10 grand and boom, now I'm in the Forex niche. I got my own product that fast. Buying websites, we bought websites for a lot cheaper than that too. Again, a lot of times people get excited about the creation part. They create a product or a website and then they sit there and then they try to, they can't mark it and they give up and they walk away. A lot of times the content is amazing. We'll come in and we'll buy those websites for really, really cheap. I had a friend who had a print newsletter he published for about a year and a half and really cool, I'm not going to tell you what it is, he's actually republishing right now, but a year and a half he published his print newsletter and then he sold a whole bunch of them and they kind of died off and he eventually just canceled the whole thing. So I came back to him and I said, in the contents all the time, it's not something that, or it's evergreen content. So I'm like, hey, I saw you shut that down. Why? He's like, God, I just got tired of marketing and I shut it down. I was like, oh cool, can I buy for him? He's like, oh sure, how much do you buy for him? Like five grand, he's like, all right, cool. So about an entire year and a half worth of print news that has complete rights to him for five grand. The site, the sales letter, the sales letter loan would cost me 15 grand to get written. I got the entire everything for $5,000. The underchef formula, I say that brand, that niche, I want it, we bought it for, I can't tell you the price, but it was not that expensive and now we own that brand. There's so many people that launch a website, they sell a bunch of them, then they're done with it and you come back and buy those websites for really, really cheap, pennies on the dollar. So buying websites is a fast way. Licensing content. People who are geniuses who are really, really good at something, come to them and license their content. Right now we're working with Howard on licensing his content. We're working with Scott, we're licensing his content as well, because he's got the content we really wanted, so we're licensing it from him. They get paid on it, we got paid on it, everybody wins. There's tons of licensing deals out there. One of my friends has a website called Fat Loss Factor and they were averaging about $8,000 a day on this website selling the product. I was like, dang, I want to make a site just like that. At first I was like, oh, I got to write a sales letter, I got to create a video, I got to create a product. So I just called him up and I'm like, this is a deal. I want the same website as you, I got two options. I'm going to knock you off blatantly and steal the whole idea and do my own, or just license me the content. Save us a whole bunch of time, we'll get a big commission on everything and not do any work. He's like, all right, I'll license it to you. Oh my God, thank heavens. It's so much easier to license it sometimes. People, I mean, licensing deals are, we don't pay money upfront, we say this is the deal, we're going to do this, this is how you're going to get paid and people are excited by it, it works really, really good. Yeah. So I'm like, what's a good range, bottom end, high end? Depends how good of a negotiator you are, but I would say anywhere from, I mean you could low end 5 to 7% high end 20, 25% somewhere in there. So. You only pay them when it sells, right? That's it. That's the deal, that's the question. Because the thing is, everyone's got an affiliate program, and this is the way I use your pitch at you, because you have an affiliate program and I can go and I can promote as an affiliate, I'm going to get my 50% but the problem is then I can't get other affiliates to promote and I can do all the stuff I'm good at. So let me license it from you, I can get my affiliate and all that kind of stuff, now I can make a lot more money with it, you won't get as big as much, but your piece of the pie will be smaller, but you get the pie will be 10 times as big. That's kind of the pitch usually and so far it works really, really good. And they're trying to find people that are like, this is awesome, I want to be part of this, like we bring them in and yeah. I had the conversation with both of you guys, we talked out at Kennedy's event and both of you guys, I'm just like, okay, I know exactly what you're going to market, let's do something, let's partner up on this thing and it makes sense. And the last one is just partnering with people to go with great content, a lot of people have great content, partner up with them, create a business together and easy way to do it. Any like product creation questions at all? Just see how much fun and easy it can really be, it's not like it's not that big of a product. Stephen, you tell them how, because you bust out a lot of products, you explain to your process, everyone's got their own little process, I like to just, you can get the microphone actually real quick too. How many products have you created in the last couple of years? I've been producing it since about five. You can grab the microphone real quick. Probably well over 60 products maybe. 60 products, and what's your process? Because you have, I mean, what do you want to know, software or video production? Video stuff. I do a lot of video production, like private label type stuff. What I do is, I do a lot of internet marketing stuff because I know that much about it, but generally the process is pretty easily done. You can take, and you can go on easy articles for example, and take an article. You can take that article and it says five tips for whatever. You make five videos on whatever. You can take an ebook or software and just get the idea. If you can get the idea, then you can create a product very easily. There's 60 products that you've busted out. Do you remember the 60 products in your product line? You got Proctor and Gamble at that point. That's awesome. Thanks, I appreciate that. Anyway, the big thing about that is that people overcomplicate this stuff and it's really that easy. It's like, okay, get my outline, get an idea or two, bust out a video, bust out an audio, interview someone that knows something about that. If Mike over here, again, I don't know anything about conspiracy theories, but I'm like, that's freaking cool. Hey, we're doing interviews with you, right? Interviewing and finding out all these cool things and now we've got a product created. It's really just a fun way to do it. Now, what time are we at? We're at three, okay, good, we're doing it on time. What I'm talking about right now, I'm going to talk about, there are a lot of different, okay, I'm actually going to jump ahead. We're jumping ahead. I think you guys are okay with that because I want to and it makes more sense right now. Okay, I'm going to jump ahead over to actually page 37. Okay, now this is what we used to teach a lot more at the beginning part of the seminar. I'm trying to do more of the foundational stuff this time around, but what this is called, is called your value ladder. Now, every business should have a value ladder. Now, if I was to go up right now and I find some, met someone on the street, ideally what I would say is I would say, hey, my name is Russell Brunson, I got a really cool system making money online. You should come to us, $12,000 to come to this two and a half day event. Will you please come to it? What's that person going to say to me? Are you kidding me? $12,000 is a lot of money. I'm not going to pay that much. But you understand, this event is awesome. People lead and make a whole bunch of money. It's a great deal, great value for everyone you should come. They know you're crazy, okay? The reason why is because, again, here's the, you know, my axis is, you can see the picture on the thing, but the price point is really, really high. The value is high, but the price was high. If I come off street, no one's going to listen to that. The way to build your sales process, and these guys talked about it there a little bit, is you bring people in more on the low end. For me, I'm low on my business. We're coming in, we're selling somebody maybe a free CD or a $1 book or something really cheap and low end. When you come in, it's like, hey, for a buck, I'll try it out. Hey, for free ice cover shipping handling costs, I'm going to do that. You get someone in a low end and they're like, I want more information. If I give that person that product and they receive value, what are they going to do? They receive value, they're going to want more. That's the way this whole process works. They get value on more, so they're going to come up and they're going to send up a value ladder. If they get value at this point, they're going to want some more, they're going to send up. They're going to send up, and the people who keep sending up, the more value they get, the more money they'll keep spending with you. Now, if you stop giving them value, they're going to stop giving you money. But as long as you keep giving them value, people will keep giving you more and more money. Yes? Now, with the price, it's going to be the best price point for each product you have a lot of. Changes for niche by niche, industry by industry. The price point is on your line or you're not working with what you're selling. Let me break out. Okay. So, free thing at the front. Then what I'm going to talk about right now is with the product development stuff, you're going from audio, excuse me, from text, video to audio. So, on the low end, people are paying for a book, right? Perceive value of a book is not that high. Twenty, thirty bucks, and the value is about that high. The next rung up is then audio. So, an audio product, more value, more money, that's next rung up. And there you go. Video, then you may do a live seminar, then you may do one on one coaching. You keep going up this ladder, right? In the top of the ladder, the most businesses are like done for you. I'll just do the whole thing for you. Okay? So, for me, I'm going to say, yeah, I want you to do this, but no one's going to come in and do this right away. So, I come in on the bottom of my value ladder. I give them value, they receive value, they want more information, then they go next level, next level, and they keep ascending up the value ladder. Okay? That's how you get someone to come in who's interested and get them to come and pay you $5,000, $10,000, $15,000 or something. It's not by selling a $15,000 thing. It's not by selling a $2 thing. Giving value, getting them to now spend $100 and $200 and $500 and so on and so forth. So for us, this is a free thing for a book. We might do $20 for a book. An audio might be $97 for an audio. Video might be $297. Your live seminar might be $997. One on one might be $5,000. And done for you might be $5,000. There's my value ladder. Now, you don't have to send up perfectly. Sometimes people are going to buy a book and they'll be so excited they want to come to a seminar and you can jump someone. But again, if you're giving value, people are going to be looking, what's next? What's the next thing I can get to? I want more value, I want more information. I'm excited to buy this thing. Now, when you look in the product development process, and this is what I was talking about earlier and I kept jumping back and forth. What most people do, which is a mistake, is they come down here and they say, okay, I'm going to write a book because this is the bottom of the value ladder. And so then they spend 18 months writing a book. Okay, it's done. Now I'm going to take them and create an audio series. And they create an audio series. And then they go and they come and do a seminar. They do some videos. And they do a process like this. And by the time they got their whole product, you know, the product chain, the product funnel done, it's like 18 years later and they're still broke. Okay? So we do this whole process. I flip this whole thing on its head. And what I do is I start back here with a, with like a, I don't miss the workshop here, like a workshop. I do the workshop, I record it, boom, I've got my back and thing done. Now I take all the videos from the workshop, boom, I've got my video course. And I strip the audios out of the videos, put them on CDs, boom, now I've got an audio course. Take the audios, I have someone transcribing, boom, now I've got my book. And I take one of the chapters out and I make that the free thing and now I've got my free thing in the very beginning. So how much faster that is? I work once and I just repackage, re-nit, re-pull everything out and boom, I've got my whole entire product line created. Okay? That's the smart, faster way to do it. Okay? So that's where I want to kind of go with the, the value ladder really quick. Okay. Now I'm going to jump back to any question about value ladder right now. And one thing we'll talk about is, okay, now this value ladder exists in any business, whether it be information marketing business or another type of business. For example, about two years ago, we got a postcard in the mail from Dentist, from, I can't remember the name, Dentist, some Dentist. And they, big postcard and said, hey, if you come in right now, we'll do a clean, clean for free. And I'm like, awesome, I haven't cleaned my teeth in a long time. We're going to come in and get our teeth cleaned. So we came in to Dentist, me and Collette, we came in, got our teeth cleaned, and got our free teeth cleaned, right? So what just happened? It was the beginning of the value ladder, right? I came in, I just cleaned my teeth and there he's like, hey Russell, I don't know if you noticed this, but your teeth are kind of turning a little bit yellow. Like are you kidding me? They're turning yellow? He's like, yeah, they're, have you ever had them whitened before? I'm like, no, I don't have them whitened. He's like, if I want to look at that, because it's like, like, do you drink coffee or do you smoke? I'm like, no, I don't. I don't drink coffee or smoke. What are you talking about? He's like, well, they're pretty yellow. I'm like, oh crap, like, and I started feeling this pain. He's like, well, this is the deal. Don't worry. If you want, we got these teeth winding kits for like $3,000. We'll give you teeth winding kit, we'll finish your mouth, it'll work, and within like a month, when I get my teeth winding kit, I'm like, oh, they can't have them, give me the teeth winding kit. I need it really, really bad. He's like, oh, cool. So then he's going through and he's doing it again. He's like, did you just have braces? I'm like, yeah. He's like, I'm like, how can you tell? He's like, oh, well, your teeth started to shift back and you know, you can see they're kind of crowding and shifting again. I'm like, are you serious? They're shifting? Yeah. It's like, if you're not careful, eventually you'll probably go back the way it used to be. Are you kidding me? They can go back to the way they used to be. They were bad. That's why I had braces to make them straight again. They can go back to the way they used to be. He's like, yeah, they can really go back. I'm like, oh, crap. Oh, crap. He's like, no, don't worry. Don't worry. We can create a retainer for him. Oh, thank heavens. Create a retainer as quick as you can because I don't want my teeth to look like they used to look. He's like, create a retainer for me. That's $4,000. End of the day, I walk out and I'm so happy because my teeth are going to be white and my teeth are going to be straight. What just happened here? This dentist just took me through this value ladder. I came on a free thing. He helped me with my teeth. He helped me straighten my teeth. He helped me whiten my teeth. Then he put me on a continuity program every six months after that. I come back and he cleans my teeth again. It was powerful. Was I upset about that? No. I was so relieved that he was able to help me. I received value every step along the way. Because I received the value, I kept giving him money, kept giving him money. Now I come on a free postcard. I walk out. He walks out $7,000 cash in the hand and a customer who's coming back every six months. The other thing is my wife was also in the room with me. Guess what she had? The exact same conversation. So 14, 15 grand later, we've got some white straight teeth. Look at your business. Every business is different. Chaz and my close buddies and I tease him about his whole time because he's in chiropractic. This is the problem with chiropractic. Chiropractic is the middle of the ladder service. Guess what? It's not what people want. It's not what they want. They need it, but they do not want it. It's not a sexy service. He's got to get this go through thing. He's got to get people to come in his door and come in and get chiropractic service. They don't even want it in the first place, but they really need it. That's a hard sell. I'm glad I'm not a chiropractor. That's a tough sell. So we work and they're like, how do you change this business? How do you structure this so you can actually make some more money with it? The first thing is you've got to get someone in here. This is where we're selling the shiny object. This is something that's going to get something exciting. Get someone through the front door. That's why our friend offers always these sexy, exciting things. How to make this, how to do this because that gets someone through the front door. The shiny object gets something exciting. So if you're just practicing what you're doing right now, what's your sexy thing? Free massage. You come in, you're out of a suit, you're giving a massage. Only three of you want free massages? Okay. Everyone's free massage. So what's that? That's the sexy thing. Get someone in the door. Now he's training his masseuse. What happened? What does she do? She's massaging him and filling him out. Like, man, your spine's kind of jacked. If you want, I can have Dr. Wolner come in and you can check the spine when you're done. Okay, cool. Oh, your neck is, I wish I could fix this, but I can't. Your neck is like, there's this weird lump in it. Like, I don't know. I'm not a chiropractor, but this is kind of strange. If you want, at the end, I can have Dr. Wolner come in and you can look at that real quick. And she goes through this home massage process. At the end of it, they sit down and then Chad comes in and his nice suit coat. There's like lab coat. There's prescription pan. Like, yeah, so the massage therapist, they're not masseuses. The massage therapist is the therapy thing. You know, talk about this and this. And let me adjust you. Boom, boom, boom, adjust her. Send these for right value. Now how are they going to get someone on a treatment plan? Now they receive some value. They've seen the results. They're freaked out because they're scared to death because their spine's about to pop out of the back of their back because as masseuses tell them as an impartial third party, like, you're jacked. You know, in a few minutes now, your spine's going to be popping out of your back. It's an easy process now to sell that person. Now this is the other thing. So they look at the value. So now Chad's getting his $40 adjustment every single, every single, you know, five times a week like they do. And this is my next conversation. Well, Chad, how long, how many years do you go to school to learn chiropractic? How much money did it cost you? Okay, and while you were there for the eight years, they pretty much just teach you how to crack people's necks. That's it. This is the funny story. So my wrestling team, some of you guys met some of them, some of you guys haven't. We built the whole wrestling team. We got a bunch of guys out here. And they had a chiropractor working with them. Then she stopped showing up for a while. And the guys were all hurting. So Justin, who's third in the world, a big, huge dude, like, just amazing wrestler, he's like, well, how hard could this be? So he goes on YouTube, watches a couple of videos on how to adjust. He's like, huh, huh, walks in the guys, cracks all the guys, adjusts them all perfectly and they're good to go. Five minutes of YouTube video, learn how to adjust people. I said, Chad, you can learn this crap on YouTube in five minutes. You spend eight years and $200,000 to do learning this. Then I teach you anything else in school. He's like, well, they taught me about this and this. All sorts of stuff that people want and they need. All sorts of stuff that would fill it right here. Health plans, how to do, I mean, all sorts of crap that they teach you in those schools, right? I mean, you spent a lot of money. They taught you something, right? And now you take this customer who's gotten your weekly adjustment. Again, Justin, how much more value can you provide that person? How many more things do you help that person's life out better? These are more expensive. They're going to pay more money for. Okay? So that's why you look at a typical business and you look at where's my business at right now? You're missing an e-book. If you've only got an e-book, you're missing a lot of money out here. Or, hey, I've got this thing right here. I'm a chiropractress to my service, but it's hard to get people in because my front end sucks. And then I'm not making more money because all this other stuff. If you look at the value ladder, look at your business and where can you put things in? Okay? And what else is this kind of a shortcut if you're looking at a business and you don't want to build all this kind of stuff? Look at other people's businesses. Okay? What we started doing this about two years ago, as you guys probably know, we have a call center and we call our customers and sell them high-end coaching and things like that. Excuse me, all the other end-of-marketers. All the other end-of-marketers, they had front-ends, they had courses and stuff like that and it stopped right here. That was the end of their value ladder. So we started calling these guys up and said, hey, you're not doing anything with your customers at this point. Can we just call them and sell them coaching and we'll give you a cut on them? He goes like, heck yeah. That took our business almost tripled our profits and revenue just by doing that. All these other people, we became their back-end for what they were already doing. Okay? So let's say you're talking with Nick with this. Nick's a realtor back here. So he's got all these realtors who are doing this middle-level service. They're all going out there and they're all doing the same dog and pony. So if he comes in and says, I'm going to specialize, I'm going to become the front-end guy. I'm going to generate a whole bunch of leads and instead of me doing all this work, I'm going to instead of me digging for gold, I'm going to sell these shovels and I'm going to give all these realtors the leads they pay me to cut off the commission and I don't work nearly as hard. Okay? Liz, who's not here right now, that's what she does in her old business. She makes $30,000 to $50,000 a month. People fill out forms. She takes that lead, she sells it off to banks and they pay her $50,000 to $100 for every lead that someone fills out a form. Okay? Just because she's a broker. She does this part of it and all the banks show that part of it. Okay, so you don't have to build this whole thing. Look at your skills. Look at other people who already did other businesses out there and like, hey, well, crap, you've got this part, but I can do this or vice versa. It makes it a really easy additional thing. Especially let's say you're a company. Let's say you have a really good book. You know, let's say you've got a good coaching program and you've got something else. Look at the other people around you. You don't have those things and you can become that part for their business. They add a whole bunch of value to their business, their customers' lives and you can take that over for them. Does that make sense? Hopefully. Okay. I usually give the chiropractic grant when Chad's not here, which is kind of funny. This is the first time I've told the story while he was here in the room, which is really fun. Okay. We're going to jump back now to page number 26. I want to jump back to the underachiever model because one of the problems we have with our typical coaching program is I get so excited by all the ways to make money, like all the back ends and upsells and cross-sells and coaching programs. A lot of people get overwhelmed because there's so much stuff to do. So, I want to finish out the underachiever process and show you guys this is what your goal should be right now. And then after you get that up and running, then we start focusing on the more of the back end stuff. So, let me finish out the underachiever process and then we'll go to that. Okay. So, the first thing, there are a lot of different business models out there. I'm a fan of just studying people's business models. I buy every single product at least once, sometimes twice, just to watch people's business models. What the sales process is, what they're doing to me. You guys ever heard of P90X? I bought it three times so far because their sales process is so cool and it changes depending on the different paths and what you buy and what you don't buy. So, I bought it three times, recorded the paths all three times. Actually, two different paths and the third time I bought it, it was the exact same path. So, I kind of blew it that time. But I'm all in that because I love watching business models. So, there's a lot of business models but I want you guys to start with the most simple one because the most simple one is because that's where you're going to have success quickly. And then from there you can add, you can change things, you can make it bigger and better. We want to simplify things at first off because the more simple it is, the more likely you guys are to succeed with it and make money with it. Okay. So, the first thing, in a traditional like underachiever info product type business, you take a product like this and you have your website. So, it comes to it, they pay 27 bucks and they buy the product. So, it's just simple. You get 27 dollars, I give you a product. That's just transactional based, okay? Very simple, very basic. That's the core thing that most people do. We're doing it now. We're about to launch, how do we make potato gun on click bank right now? We're doing a different business model. This is a really cool secret ninja business model that's fun that you guys should try out as well and it's a lot easier than this because it's still, you gotta convince someone, you have to give me 27 bucks to learn how to make a $10 potato gun. That's still kind of a, how do you convince someone of that? So, I'm sure you guys are one of the business models we're doing right now. We're basically on the website, what we're doing is for $1 you get access to the entire video. You have seven full days, look at this video, watch it, make your first potato gun, have a whole bunch of fun with it and at the end of seven days, if you have a major first potato gun, contact my office and we'll cancel, we won't pay, we won't bill you anymore. If you're not happy with the cancel, we won't bill you anymore. But if you're happy after seven days, what we're gonna do after you made your first potato gun, you've proven to yourself this actually works, you like this whole process, then for just 1997, I'll be once for 1997, that's the sales process. Because this is a lot lower barrier of entry. It gives you a dollar, some of it's not nearly as hard as $27, so we get a lot more people in the front end. You get a lot of people who cancel things like that, but you get a lot of people who won't. One of my friends, his name's Frank Rimboscos and he has a whole product line about like no more cold calling for sales reps and things like that. And he has a product like this and it's basically a $97 book and you go in there and you buy it and it's free, I think you pay a dollar or something like that and after 30 days, if you haven't returned it, then he bills you $97 for it. And he's doing, this was two years ago last time I asked him numbers and he was doing over $1.4 million a year off that, giving away his free book and 30 days later, if they haven't shipped it back, bill him $97. Really easy, low-end, low-risk sales process, easy to get people in the front end and again, you'll probably get 70% of the people to stay, 30% are gonna cancel, refund. About 70% of the people that are coming in, that's just such an easier sales process to get them in. Another big one that works really, really well, okay, so that's for like a one-time payment. Now the other thing, I know some of you guys have gone through our microcontinuity course. In fact, on Saturday, Joy Anderson's gonna be coming and talking to you guys. She's one of our microcontinuity case studies. She's made a ton of money with her microcontinuity site. I think last month or two months ago, they did like $13,000 or $14,000 off it and it's all like a continuity-based thing. But she's gonna be coming on Saturday and showing you her whole process step-by-step how she did everything, so it'll be really cool. But one thing we do a lot is with continuity programs. So someone will come in and they're gonna buy a membership site. Let's say you have a membership site and you have a full of a whole bunch of stuff. Interviews with people and this whole membership site based on a whole bunch of stuff. This is what we're doing for Overcome Pornography. It's a membership site. People are paying, I think, $27 per month to be part of the membership site. And they log in, they get access to all the crap that's in there. And every month we add new stuff and that's the concept with the membership site. So that's one easy business model. I'm sure you guys did just different business models. Again, they're really easy but just so you can think about which ones get you guys most excited. On Saturday you're gonna be mapping out first what business model you're gonna be going after. So this is one of them. It's just a membership site. People come in, they pay $27 a month to get access to stuff. Now to get people, see that's one way to get people in. Another easy way to get people in is the same kind of thing as before. You do a $1 trial and after seven days then you start billing $27 a month which is an easier way to get people into the membership site. The other one, and this is one that's kind of under a lot of scrutiny in the last year, is doing a free plus shipping offer where it's free, you ship them out of CD and after seven days or after 14 days or 30 days you start billing $27 a month to have access to everything. Recently, as some of you guys may or may not know, in January the FUC changed a lot of the laws and rules. You can still do free plus shipping offers but it's kind of a gray area. If you're using PayPal you can do them really, really easily. That's what I recommend doing. If you're using a merchant account, it probably wouldn't do free plus shipping offers. If you're using PayPal, have Adam. Why do you use an merchant account instead of PayPal? Just volume? The merchant account gives you a lot of benefits, a lot of things you can do. Another thing, so this I use PayPal for, $1 trial is we're switching all our stuff over to Clickbank. Clickbank is going to do a $1 trial and they handle our merchant and all that kind of stuff which is nice. We'll talk about that more later. That's the other business model. The last business model I'll talk about, which is my favorite. If anyone knows, gone through a microcontinuity course, if you guys want we can send you access a lot of the online videos. This is my favorite business model. It's called microcontinuity. What it is, it's similar to this membership site. Instead of having month after month, just keep putting new stuff in the membership site, we preload it where it's like every single month you get access for certain times. They'll come in and they'll pay $27 a month and they'll get 13 lessons, whatever it is, 30 lessons, however many lessons you want to create. You pre-create these lessons. This is what Joy is going to talk to you guys about on Saturday. Her site is called starterpreschool.com. She's a free CD. You come and you buy the free CD and she ships it out to you and then is it seven days, 30 days? How long is the trial on that one? Fourteen days. That's 14 days. She starts billing you and what's the price per month? $37 per month. How many weeks do you guys have? Six months. They create six months worth of lessons and then after that they start getting billed. Now what's cool about this, and Joy will talk to you about it on Saturday, when she launches the whole thing, she created the free offer at the front and she created the very first week's worth of training and then she launched it. If nobody would have bought it, guess what? She didn't create all this other crap. She didn't write a whole e-book. She didn't create a whole membership site. All she had was like a free thing and one week's worth of content. After people bought it and they're like, oh good, someone bought it. After the first person bought it, she had seven full days before she just created week number two. She had seven full days before week number three. How long did it take you guys to do another, how many months did you guys go through before you had it all preloaded? Two and a half months. They were just every night, they'd create one or every couple of nights. After two and a half months, they built all six months of it. Now guess what? Now they're done. The narips create content again. They step away from it and they start just putting people in the front of this funnel here and start coming through and start making money off it. The microton do the same thing. You can do a $27 sale, you can do a $1 trial or you do a free plus shipping. There's basically three things to see, product sale. Basically three models here. We've got just sell the product for $27 or whatever it is. Back here do a membership site where you either have a dollar trial or a free plus shipping and then microcontinuity or same thing, different price points. That makes sense? Those are the three traditional business models we use primarily online for info products. What about all those people who've got ADD, they go on there, they find that there's a site, they like the content, but they don't want to wait three months to get it. They just want it all now. They want to jump, but there's no opportunity to jump. You guys are a model to say what you guys are doing. What they started doing is they started, so the question is for people who don't want to wait week after week for all the information, what you guys start doing is your upsell, right? Your upsell is taking by all the week's lessons right now for, but you didn't add the upsell till you had all 30 weeks done. So give me the water for me. So does that kind of answer that question? Yeah? How did you go about dripping the content? Because things like that will happen with every week. So looking like so the fifth person who comes in already have the content uploaded, you don't want them to skip for a few weeks. Exactly. Couple ways. One way you do this is you send an email auto responder where it emails out the content each week. So as soon as they buy they get an ad pad auto responder. Second way is there's different membership sites you can set up and it'll unlock levels. That's what we're doing with Overcome Logo for you. We're using a site called, or a script called WordPress Wishlist and you can set up where it'll drip content. So if they sign up, that's to sign up. Day number one, let me see this part of the membership site. Day number two, unlock this part. Day number three, unlock this part. Things like that. Okay. And again, we don't need to get a lot of detail about all the different business model. I just want you guys to be kind of aware that you sell your product, you can do a membership site or microcontinuesite. Those are kind of the three core ones and you can wrap pretty much any business into one of those type of things. Okay. Any questions about those at all? Okay. Awesome. Okay. The next one I'm talking about is there are, let's see, there are basically three websites. This is one big thing we have all the time with students or people that are so confused with so many different things out there and they're like, what's this and this and this? It's basically three types of websites you should be aware of. And page number 27 talks about it. There's your squeeze page, your landing page. There's your sales page and there's your blog. And all of them have different functions of what they do. So we're going to go through those really quick. So if you go to page 28, you have your squeeze page. So here's the history of squeeze page. Back in the day, back, I don't know, seven or eight years ago, you go to a website and you see something and then something really annoying would happen. Who remembers what that was? A pop-up. A pop-up would pop up and say, hey, give me your name, email address, I'll give you a free report about something, right? People got so annoyed by it and they started building pop-up blockers and all sorts of stuff. And the back story is that marketers like us, we're using those pop-ups and building lists of hundreds of thousands and millions of people. You come to a site, they put their name, email address and boom, now they have that person's contact information. Now the whole game of internet marketing is your list. If you say, what's the secret sauce, Russell, this is the secret is your email list. That's the core, most important thing in your entire business. The reason why Xan and Jen, the first time, took them three months to launch their business. Second time, it took them 15 seconds because they already had an email list. If you talk about the progression, a lot of people, again, they think you jump in business and you make a million dollars overnight. It's not that way. What happens is you start, it's like you're pushing a big rock amount. You start pushing it, you start pushing it, you start taking a while, start taking a while, start building your list, start building your list. And all of a sudden, it starts getting easier and easier and eventually you start building your list and it just gets easy. Every time you guys want, you send an email out to 50,000 people selling the product, right? You create a product, two seconds, they can launch a product. Can you say anything? I create a new product, within five minutes, when you're finishing the creation of the product, I send an email to my list and money will start coming in. It's literally like printing money on demand. You just write an email and you click send. It's the most beautiful, amazing thing in the entire world. So that's the end goal is to build an email list. But all this process is how to build the list. But that's the end goal. And so the way we structure these websites, the way we structure all this stuff is to build an email list. How much, the last time you were here, you guys didn't have a popup on your site or anything, right? You added Sun Sun, right? Yeah, but we only have one. We updated our website. How many people got out of your list when you had your... We got about, I think about 2,200. Oh, okay. 2,200 people. So now anytime they want to send an email out to 2,200 people, they can just, on demand, they can bring it back to their website. The email list, if you're not doing anything else on the seminar, that's the secret sauce of this entire business, having your own email list. Okay? Right now I've got probably close to half a million people on the email list. Every time I have an idea, I create a product, send an email, I click send, it goes out to half a million people. I just need a fraction of people to buy and I make money. Okay? So here's when I first learned about email marketing. And I read an article about this guy and he basically said, you hear stories about people that have a big email list or they make $27,000 in three hours. How's that possible? And first I was like, yeah, that's a bunch of crap. People can't be making that. He said, in the article he said, the realities people are doing that. He said, they don't tell you the way they're doing it is by having a big email list, they create a product and they send it out to it. And he said, if you have a big list, it's literally like doing math. So let's say you have 100,000 people on your list. Send an email to 100,000 people and let's say you get 30% of people to open it. So you get 30,000 people to open it. If now you get 10% or 30% of people to click on it, so you got 3,000 people to click on it, they go to the website, the land on the website from there, you get 30% of people to, what's that? Let's go to the sponsor. 10% of people to buy, 300 people to actually buy and say you're selling $50 products. What's 300 times 50 bucks? $6,000. I heard like eight prices. $1,500? $5,000. Okay, this is a math game, right? I send 100,000 emails out, 30,000 open, 30,000 click, 300 buy, a 50 dollar product, I mean 15 grand. It's literally like that, in case you guys are curious. We'll send an email most days. It depends on what it is, but if we're not making at least five figures from an email we send out, I'm pretty upset. But it's like printing money on demand. Right now obviously you're building this business, you're like I want to make $50,000 overnight, that's a long shop, but it's not that far along. How long do you guys build a list of 50,000 people? You're half, okay? You're half and now it's like this, they're pushing this rock, they're pushing this boulder, it's pushing this boulder, and now they got the crafting industry figured out. They got 50,000 people who want craft stuff. If I was the other day, I'd have a whole team of people cranking out craft products. Craft and crap is way too close, I use craft a lot. But I would have a whole team because they got a list of people who already want that stuff. They got a whole bunch of these things because they got a list of people that want that kind of stuff. Okay, so this is our goal is to build a list because if you have a list this whole game becomes easy. People that are idiots make money when they have a list because all you do is type an email and click send. Okay, so here's my spamming story. So I read that article, I'm like this is the coolest thing in the world, I want my own list, I don't know how to make my own list, so I went out and I went to the site, it was called spamfreeemailaddresses.com, and I bought a CD with 5 million email addresses on it. And they were spam free, I was so excited. So I bought these things up, went back home, spent like three or four days trying to figure out how to set up a mail or all this sort of stuff. Got a thing up and running, and this is back when my wife and I were first married, so we were on a dial-up modem, so we were going to bed and I said, just so you know, we're going to be rich by morning, so if you want to eat quid tomorrow, I'm good with it. She's been here for years, she's like kind of rolls her eyes, all right cool, I'm like no, we'll be rich by tomorrow, just bank on it. So plugged in the dial-up modem, loaded up the mail queue, wrote this email, I didn't have a product yet, so I'm like, this is a product, I made up this idea of a product and I said if you want it, pay about 5 bucks to my PayPal address, that's what I did, right? So that's how sophisticated I was back then. Sent the email out, loaded it up, went to bed, next morning I woke up and Klet said I need to use the phone, you can get a style, so I unplugged the phone, she's plugging her phone again, so I paused the thing, plugged in the phone, and the second I plugged the phone in the phone, I picked it up and it was my ISP yelling at me, cursing at me, I'm like what are you doing? She's like, we've had 300 spam complaints in the last 12 hours from you, and I'm like, how's that possible? She's like, I don't know, but blah, blah, blah, I'm like no, no, you don't understand spam, these are spam for email addresses, I bought them from spamforemailagents.com, and she's like son, I don't think you understand what spam is, that is the definition of spam, I'm like, oh crap, so I was like shocked, I called my wife, don't quit, don't quit, turns out this doesn't work, so I cancelled everything, I was really fresh, I went back to school that day and it was kind of like a downer day, I thought I had this whole thing figured out, and snuck out of class, went to the computer lab and logged into PayPal and had like $300 in five dollar sales, and I was like, oh crap, this actually, I did it wrong, but the result was right, people sent me money when I sent it on email, and I got excited and I said okay, the process works, I just screwed up the front, if I can figure out my own list, this works, it actually works, so I went back and started, after I got my mission, how do I build a list, how do I build a list, and start focusing on that whole thing, and from that's where we learned this whole process, and we're walking you through it, but the list is the magic, people a lot of people think the product is the thing, how to tie hair bows is a cool product, but that's not their business, their business is their list, okay, if you look at a business, when I buy a business, it's so funny, I try to go buy a product, people are like, this product is great, it's the greatest product in the world, how many customers do you have, none, how many subscribers do you have, none, can I give you 500 bucks for it, but this thing's worth it, I can knock off the content in like two minutes, it's not a hard problem at all, the only sellable asset in a business is the customer list, have you ever bought or sold a business before, the only sellable asset is your customer list, okay, the reason why eBay paid $4.5 billion for Skype was not because Skype was this fancy technology, they could knock it off in about 15 minutes, it's because they had 300 million customers, they paid the billions of dollars for the customers, okay, the customer is the only tangible, valuable asset in the business, okay, and so you know that, what should my goal be, my goal should be to freaking get as many customers as possible, am I allowed to say freaking in here, I don't know if I can, that's like the worst idea, don't worry, I promise you guys, I used to be really, I used to do these events, I say crap, I get really nervous, I went to Tony Robbins event, have you ever been to Tony event, like he says the F word more often than any other word in the whole language, and I was like, oh, he's saying the F word, I'm good, I'm good to go with freaking crap, okay, so, step number one, website number one is squeeze page, that's the first goal, okay, so there's my squeeze page, look at pictures here, they're a very simple page, it's not complicated, there's the headline, there's an opt-in box, that's some of his name and email address, and then something over here, that's about the extent of it, you knock these things out in like two minutes, it's not complicated at all, okay, squeeze page, and anytime there's traffic that I control, I send it to a squeeze page, okay, so if I'm buying an ad, I'm going to send it to a squeeze page, I can say, I'm paying 500 bucks, send all these people to this page, so if I can control the traffic, I'm paying for it, if I can control it, I'm always going to send it to a squeeze page, if I do a joint venture with someone and they're sending an email to their list, and I control that, I want to go here, because the reason why I want to get as many people as possible, give me their name and email address. I didn't finish the squeeze page story, did I? I'm so bad at ADD, or the pop-up story, can we step back to pop-up? So there's the thing, pop-up's up, right? Pop-up walkers start coming down and people were freaking out because, how am I going to build my list now? Pop-ups are gone, this whole industry's dead, so some guys are really smart, created this thing called squeeze pages, basically squeeze pages, you go to the site, and it's basically your pop-up, all you see is a pop-up, they give their name, email address, and then they see the page you want to send to anyway. And first, some people create this, they're like, you guys are idiots, no one's ever seen your sales message because there's the pop-ups in the way, they start testing, what they found is that, they said let's say they send 100 visitors to the site, they get 30% of the people who give their name and email address, and then they come up over here and people are like, well, is it only 30 people ever to actually sell your sales message from 100 people? But what happened, now they have 30 people on the email list, they can follow up that person over and over and over again, they can sell them other products, they can cross-sell, they can do all sorts of stuff when they have the name email address. So squeeze pages, when you look at the lifetime value of your customers, like shot up by 10 fold by having the squeeze page there. So there's your history of the squeeze page. So that's what it's basically, it's just a pop-up, if you look at the squeeze page, it looks just like a pop-up on page 28. And any kind of traffic that I control, I'm always going to send it to a squeeze page because why? I'm building my asset, I'm building my business, I'm building my list, that's the most important part of your business is your list. When you have your list, everything else becomes so easy. That's website type number one. Now the second type of website is your blog on page number 30. Here's my blog. Now your blog, hopefully I just know what a blog is. A blog is, I mean you can get a million of them out there. Websites you add content to and they grow, you post things, that kind of stuff, right? Now a lot of people don't know what blogs are for. So in my mind, the blog is a modified squeeze page. What I do, what I mean is on top of my blog, the top one-third of my site is basically, I'm asking people to name an email address. If you look right here at my site, you notice the top third of my site is a picture of me pointing this way, a headline and people give me the name of the email address. The top third of my blog is just a big squeeze page and everything that you see here is all the content that people are looking for. This is where I send traffic that I don't control. So for example, if I'm on TV, I can't control where I send someone. I say go to dot-com-cigarettes.com, they go there and all this stuff's there. That's what I'm going to name email address. If I'm doing search engine stuff and we're talking a lot about search engine optimization tomorrow, I'm sending them to a blog because I can't control what someone's going to land. I can't say, sometimes they make money online, make sure they land on this page. It doesn't work that way. I'm creating a whole bunch of pages, different keywords, a whole bunch of stuff you guys will learn about tomorrow. But this is traffic I can't control. But my goal is to still get their name email address. So I'm using this as a way to get their name email address and all the other stuff is just content to list pages out there and that kind of stuff. Again, this will make more sense when you dig deep into SEO stuff. So that's the goal. The goal of a blog is to be a big squeeze page. The goal of your squeeze page is to be a squeeze page. Yeah. It's not as high as conversion rates, but it's good. And then the third type of sales page, the third type of website is your sales page. So if someone gave me an email address here, after they gave me the name email address, they always land on sales page. Give me the name email address, they land on sales page. So that works. So that's the way I structure my business. Every one of my websites, every one of my businesses have three websites. A squeeze page, a blog, and a sales letter. If you go to the blog, they give you the name email address, they land on sales page. If you go to the squeeze page, they name email address, they land on sales page. That makes sense. If you go to their How to Tie Hair Bowl site, what do you land on? The first thing. That's squeeze page. You have to give them the name email address, what happens? The sales page. That's it. Anything more than that is way too complicated. It's a three page process. This whole entire business, millions and millions of dollars, is built off of three pages. You don't need all the other fancy crap that every website design company will try to sell you. That's all you really need. Any questions about three websites? Yeah. On the page it says traffic you own, traffic you don't control. Can you just tell me you own quite a lot? Yep. Okay. So again traffic I don't control is all going to the blog. Traffic I do control, I'm going to squeeze page. Traffic I already own. If I own the traffic, they're already on my list. Okay. If that's the case, it depends on where I want to send them. If I want to sell my own product, I'm going to send it straight here. If I'm going to send an affiliate product, you can send it a lot of places when you own it. But again the goal is to own it. If I'm controlling traffic, my goal is to own it. If I'm here, I'm going to own it. As soon as I own the traffic, now I have it. Now what I might own that, I said I've got 500,000 people on my email list. I own that traffic. Anytime I want to send it somewhere, I type an email and then I send that traffic there. I send it to this page, to this page. I'm sure most of you guys are on my list. You probably see the emails. I send it to wherever I want to sell that day. But you want to own the traffic. Does that make sense? When you own it, it becomes so much easier. The game is just so easy. Then you just sit back and do the fun stuff. Create products, goof off, send an email out, sell some stuff, do it over and over again. Do you launch every product you're sending on it? Within a specific niche. So like in my fitness list, I don't promote how to make money products and vice versa. The problem is if you do too much cross-stuff, it doesn't make sense. They unsubscribe and you can't email them anymore. We try to keep it very specific to what they're interested in. Another interesting thing, they found that the average person has to see a sales page 7 to 10 times before they trust the person enough to buy. The big problem is that people will directly send the sales page and hope they buy. The average person has to see it 7 to 10 times. What's nice about this, they come in here and give their name, email address. I put them on a follow-up series. Day number one, send them this email. Day number two, send them this email. Day number three, send them this. Day number five, six, seven. Then every single day they get a new email. What happens? I'm closing the sale. I'm closing the sale. What happens traditionally, people send someone to a website. They come right here and they get a 1% conversion rate, which is a good conversion rate off of just sending traffic to a page. So for 100 people, one person gives me money. If I take that exact same traffic and I put it through a process like this, I'm going to get 30 of those 100 people giving me the name. I have 30 people, but those 30 people, I'll follow them over and over and over again. And when I'll find out from that same 100 people, I get that conversion rate from 1% to 2% to 3% sometimes, and sometimes even higher than that. So for 100 visitors, I get 3%. If I know that every 100 people I send, I'm going to make three sales. That gives you a lot of power when you're doing your marketing and other stuff we're going to talk about later on today. Any questions about that at all? Yeah. So in a 30-day, like, or maybe not a career, but here's some traffic, which is a product. How many times do you contact that customer on that same product? Everyone's got different philosophies on this. First, let me say, like, most people will under-contact their customers. When I first got into this business, I was scared to send more than one email a month. And once a month, I'm like, OK, don't be mad at me. Like, send, like, ugh. And then, like, orders come in a couple of complaints and stuff. A couple of people unsubscribe. And I'm like, oh, they unsubscribe. This is a horrible thing. And I heard this talk, and this guy was like, he sends two emails a day. And I'm like, you send two emails a day? Like, are you crazy? He's like, just try it. Increase your frequency. So I went from, like, once a month to twice a month. Every other week, I'd send an email out. And I'd be like, oh, nervous. Ugh. And what happened was interesting. I started sending two emails a month. And what happened is my income more than doubled. I was like, that's weird. I would have thought, like, people would be unsubscribing and leaving. So I was like, huh. So then I switched it to once every single week. I sent one email every week. What happened is now my income didn't just increase by that much, but that much plus more. What I found is the more often you contact someone, the more they know who you are, the more they're listening to you, more they want to hear from you, and the more you train them to actually do what you want them to do. Train them to buy. Train them to do this and that. If you're on my list now, I send at least one email a day. If I don't send an email a day, I'm losing money because people are trained to want to buy stuff. And I make an offer every single day. And some guys on my email list might ignore, like, oh, Russell, you freaking sell me something every single day. Well, this is the reality. When I started giving free content and giving stuff like that, people stopped buying. And that's flat out. The reason why I sell every single day is because if I don't, my cells start just dying. So I would say contact as often as you can, at least daily, and pick, you know, if it's 10 days, 15 days, really one product to talk about every single day. Matt Fierro has got like 10 products and every single day he talks about one of the products. He tells a little story, and by the way, go buy this thing again. Here's another story, go buy it again. But what happens is you find that when you have an email list, you train that list is trained really, really quickly on what to expect. If you're on your list and every day you're sending free stuff and free stuff and free stuff, your mind would say, hey, this is really good. I'm building good relationship with that person. They really like the content I'm sending them. They're going to love me. They're going to buy what I want to buy. And they go in and you try to sell something. And a person's like, dude, what are you doing? You freaking give me stuff. Now you want to. It's like when you, you don't have that girl that was like that. I don't know if I should, never mind. I'm going to leave it there. Never mind. So you know what I'm talking about though. Like you need to be upfront from day one what your tensions are. If you're going on a date with a girl and you're like acting like a friend, acting like a friend, you want to kiss her, smack. Because what the crap, you know, I thought we were friends. Like, are you serious? You thought I'd been hanging out with you for three weeks because we were friends? Like they don't get it. And the same way with your list, you have to train your list from day number one. Like you need them to know that this is a relationship. This is my position. I'm going to be selling you things. I'm going to be teaching you things. I'm also going to be selling. If you establish that upfront, you're going to see it a thousand times better. We'll do promotions with people who have these huge email lists of like, you know, 500,000 people, a million people. And we're like, great, this is going to be like a huge payday tonight. We're excited. They send the email out to the list. And the list has never been sold before. And they just, we'll get tons and tons of clicks. And then people are just like, no one buys. It's all about how you train the person from day number one when they join your list. So I was like, can you get as often as you can and don't be afraid to sell stuff to people. Okay. Yeah. It's a sacrifice. Do you create a new self? Is it always the one way of selling just a new self by doing the challenge? Good question. It depends. So for example, like, I only have one blog in my main niche, the dot com secret. So it's the same blog. But then I have a course called microcontinuity. So I'll make a squeeze page and sales page from microcontinuity. Then I have 12th million. I'll make a new squeeze and sales, things like that. So I have a different one for each of my individual products, but I just have one blog pretty much. That's a good question. Okay. Traffic. So if you've got a product that can be, that can go like your chicken soup from the soul and go to the dentist or for, you know, all these different niches, would you have a different squeeze page for each of those? Yep. If it was real good. Definitely. So you change your name sales page or would you change your sales page? Change sales page too. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. And then you change your website then too then, right? You change that to the... It depends. So with Scott's site that we're doing, he does hypnosis, right? And we've got whole bunch of projects. Like hypnosis for weight loss, hypnosis for stop smoking, hypnosis for whole bunch of different niches. So we have one centralized, like, hypnosis website. When you come there, it's going to say, give your name and email address, then what are you looking for? What are you trying? I'm trying to overcome smoking. Boom. We put them on a smoking list and they're getting a message about smoking. I'm trying to lose weight when they lose weight email. So we have one centralized thing for that because they're related even though they're different niches, they're related by one common thing. Now if they were in a completely different niche, I would have a completely different separate everything. You know what I mean? It's just a simple change of hypnosis, right? Super change. Yeah. It's not all finished yet. That's what we're doing right now. So underground security for health life. Exactly. You got it. Okay. What I want to talk about right now for a minute, I want to talk about selling online. Okay. A lot of people are scared to death to sell. Anybody here ever heard of Zig Ziglar? He said that shy salespeople have skinny kids, which is very, very true. So I want to talk about right now for a little bit. I want to break off and talk about sales because this is the process through the emails you're sending, through the message here. It's all about selling and you have to become good at selling. That's one of the most important tools and skills you need to learn on the internet is selling stuff. And so you got to be comfortable and willing to sell. And the nice thing about online is it's a lot less pressure. It's not like you're on the phone or door to door selling people, but there's still a process that you go through. So what I'm talking about now is a couple things. If I can find my notes. Okay. The first process, when you're starting selling somebody something, there's a sales process you take them through. So you go to their site, there's a sales process they take them through. You go to my site, there's a sales process. And the process just comes down to three things. I think I learned this from Gary Halbert. Three S's. You need a star, a story, and a solution. Okay. The star, a story, and a solution. So when you go out there and you're selling someone, this is normally the sales process. Okay. And we're going to talk a little about sales letters and sales videos, but one of my close friends is John Carleton, one of the most famous copywriters in the world. And he told me one time he wrote a sales letter for someone who was going for a product for people who were bald. He said, if you were completely bald and you were completely fine with that and you're happy with that, by the time you went through the sales process, you were very self-conscious about the fact you were bald and you were ready to buy. And he did that by taking someone through this process, a star, a story, and a solution. Okay. So you get into this message, a sales letter, a sales video, and you start talking about the star of the story. And in this case, you know, there's someone that was bald and they started going through and they started telling the story. And this person was bald and went out there and they started doing this. And they realized that, you know, bald people, they make a lot less money per year than people with hair. And the girls they date are a lot less cute. And there's this and all these different things. And they start walking through this process, the story, we're just like, crap, I'm bald. Like, oh man, the story is taking this process. We start feeling the pain of whatever it is that you have. And the goal of the sales process is to make people feel a little bit of pain. Because if they feel pain, they feel uncomfortable. I guess what the next logical thing is. It's change. If you make someone feel some pain, they're going to stay in pain or they're going to try to change. And the average people, most people don't like pain, okay? So you give someone a little bit of pain, they're going to want to change. And so what happens is you have a star that tells a story that causes some pain and then your product becomes a solution in the process, okay? And so I'm going to talk about each of the pieces individually. The first thing I'm going to talk about is the star. The star of the story. Now, the star of the story could be you. It could be one of your customers. It could be a lot of different people. What I want to talk to you about is a concept that we call the attractive character. Now, every business needs an attractive character. What an attractive character is, is not so much someone that's a really good looking person, but someone that's got attractive stories that people are going to relate to, okay? Now, I didn't really realize what was happening when I first started my business. When I first started this business, I went out there and I started teaching, teaching what I was doing. And what was interesting is a certain type of person was attracted to me. And it was typically athletes. Because I was talking about my wrestling stories and things like that. I was sharing parts of my life with people. And the athletes would be like, oh, I get that. And I'd get on and I'd speak and I'd sell something and people would run to me and all the athletes were like, hey, I played football over here. I did this and they related to me and they really would buy my stuff because they related to me. It was really interesting. But if you go to my seminars, you'll notice there were never any women in the audience ever. There was a whole bunch of football players and basketball players and wrestlers. And that was interesting. Then a little while later, my wife and I got pregnant with the twins. She had the twin boys. I started sharing that. I started saying, hey, and by the way, I have twins. I'm telling my story about the twins during my sales process, during the marketing and things I was doing. What happened was really interesting. I found out really quickly that every single time I would mention twins, all the women's eyes would light up. They'd say, oh, and then all of a sudden there was a connection I have with the women and with the parents and things like that. And what's interesting is, and I learned this thing when we had twins. The first week we were at the grocery store with our twins. We were walking down. We got them in the car seats and we were walking the double strollers. We were walking down like at Kmart or Wal-Mart or wherever it was at. And every single person comes out, hey, how's it going? Guess what? I'm a twin. I'm like, oh crap, hi, how are you doing? Great to meet you. And they tell you their twin story. You walk down a few minutes and the next agent's out. Oh my gosh, my brother's a twin and they tell you their twin story. You go a little, yeah, you have twins. You know the same process. Every single person either is a twin, they know a twin or they have a story about a twin. And they want to make sure you know that story. Otherwise, there's no purpose of them living. And it's interesting, they come out of everywhere. Like everywhere you go and you're just like, oh, so I started telling this twin story and guess what happened? All these people, these twin stories and they're like, oh my gosh, they have this twin story and they start relating to me and they bond to me and they are attracted to me because they have something in common with me that fast. Okay, and all of a sudden, like you said, go to our seminars and all of a sudden there were women, there were older people, there were younger people and my whole diversity changed a lot. We launched Microcontinuity last year. It was interesting. Joy, we made Joy, it was the attractive character of the Microcontinuity launch. And what happened, the next seminar after that, it was like 50% of the room were women. Prior to that, it was like, you know, you get 10%, kind of like right now, we got maybe 10%, 15%. After Microcontinuity, 50% of the room was all women. It was amazing because that was the attractive character we put out there for that product launch. Okay, and now when you talk about the attractive character, it's not something that just happens. There's something you can actually craft and you can spend some time on. You look at like good businesses, look at good industries, they have a good attractive character. A good example is Subway. Subway was a fast food chain for a long, long time. They're really struggling and somewhere along the line, they said, hey, we're going to reinvent ourselves as a health plan. And guess what, they found this dude who was like 500 pounds, you guys seen the pictures of him? And he was like, and then all of a sudden he would eat nothing but Subway for like five years in a row. And guess what, he became skinny and now he's Jared of Subway. He became this icon, he became the attractive character and big, huge people from around the world looked at Jared and said, I need to eat nothing but Subway three meals a day. And guess what he did for their business? He went from a fast food joint to a diet plan and it just exploded their business because there was an attractive character that people related to and then brought him into the business. Another fast food restaurant, Wendy's. Dave Thomas, the founder of Wendy's. This guy was like the least charismatic man on earth. They said they put him in front of the TV camera and he'd be like shaking, so nervous. He's like, hi, I'm Dave Thomas, the founder of Wendy's. And they were like this long process to get this guy on tape and it was just, the production studios hated it and there was just this horrible thing. And so they just get pissed off and they're like, hey, screw it, we're taking him out. And they just do a video with people and everything else and their cells go, woo. And they're like, cuss, they put Dave Thomas back in, and their cells are cranked back up again. And they take him back out and put him back in and they're like, how in the world do people buy when this guy is like stumbling upon himself and they're coming to the restaurant because of him. And what they found is just Dave Thomas is an attractive character. People bonded with him. They felt like he was his grandpa. And like, hey, you know, you're driving down the street basically and you see McDonald's over here and you see Wendy's over here and you're like, I got two choices, the creepy clown or my grandpa. Who should I eat with? You're going to go see your grandpa. Dave Thomas was the attractive character in that story. You look at, again, our business, I've become the attractive character in different products we're bringing to attract characters. We had the darkside.com secrets launch. Tagger back there was the attractive character. If you guys see the pre-launched videos of that, we're sneaking around the office and it's faces all blacked out. And he was the attractive character for that. People bonded to him because they wanted to learn the stuff from him. So every product, every promotion, we try to find who is the story, the star of the story, who's the attractive character going to be. Now, with a couple of things about the attractive character you want to know, it doesn't always have to be like this happy shining person. Controversy is a great thing. The whole dark side thing, we had people that loved us, people that hated us because of the whole thing. We had some lady and I hope she's not in this room. She emailed us and told me that she was pissed at me because I was personally ruining the internet. That was the quote. Russell, you're personally ruining the internet. And other people were like, holy crap, this is the greatest thing in the world. I'm using this stuff and making a ton of money with it. Controversy is a great thing. It causes divides. When you're neutral, nobody listens to you. Neutrality is the most boring, horrible thing in the world. People are like, I don't want to offend anybody. I don't want to offend anybody. Guess what happens? Nobody listens to you. Being offensive, not so much offensive, but being controversial, talking about what you believe is an important thing. Having stances on things, believing in something, doing things like that, attracts people. We'll attract you to people. A good example is Howard Stern. I don't know if you guys have listened to that guy. It's foul, horrible stuff. But three, four years ago, a serious radio sign, a $30 million contract with him. And guess why? Because people were listening to him. They wanted to hear what he was going to say. They actually did polls of Howard Stern listeners. People who liked Howard Stern, people who hated Howard Stern. It was interesting, the results. I don't remember exact results, but basically they found people who hated Howard Stern, or people who liked Howard Stern listened to an hour at a time on average. And the average person who hated Howard Stern listened for two hours at a time. And they surveyed both groups of people and said, why in the world do you listen for so long? Both of them said the exact same thing. We want to find out what he's going to say next. You look at people like Oprah. Why is Oprah so successful? Why is my wife, every single day, Tivo Oprah, and watches every single episode of whether we're here, we're in Fiji and Hawaii. Whenever I get home and there's like 80 Oprah's on tape and she watches every single one of them. Why is that? Oprah is an attractive character. People are bonded to her. They listen to her. They follow her. I mean, you look at, she'll mention a product of hers on her show. And companies will go under because they can't handle the amount of traffic customers that come to lose their entire business because they can't handle the traffic she sends. People listen to her because they're attracted to her. You realize that. You start looking at all these people. Look at businesses who have attractive characters and how people are attracted to that and they buy based on that. You learn that. You need to kind of take that and deconstruct and build it back the other way. So we started doing our company. For anyone in my company who writes or creates products and doesn't have that, we created a whole sheet of your attractive character profile. And they had, I have one of our team consciously write out, this is who I am. This is who I believe. This is who I'm against. This is who I'm for. This is who I'm against. Again, it should be a conscious decision you're making. So actually Kevin is our copywriter. Did you bring it down? Awesome. Kevin, I asked him to bring out his attract, because again, he writes for our company. I said, I said, I really, everyone in our company writes out, they're going to be publishing with us today. They're writing out what their attractive character is. So he wrote out his attractive character. I wanted him to kind of read it to you guys so you can see what things you're looking for in your attractive character and take notes on. Not so much what his attractive characters would think about, hey, this is something that I do. This is something that I do that I can have back in my attractive character. These are all elements you need that are going to help the sales process so well. Do we have the microphone? Check your microphone. Check your microphone. Check your microphone. Check your microphone. Can you hear me? Cool. Good evening. Good afternoon. So I just wanted to read over my attractive character profile. This is something I created about two or three years or months ago, since I do a lot of writing for Russell. And most of you hopefully get the dot com secrets newsletter and I write an article in there every month. And also I do blog posts as well. So what I wanted to do was to create my attractive character, like Russell said, come up with strong opinions about things, things I hate, things I like. And so I would like to read this to you right now. Hopefully you won't hate me after this. But the whole idea is that for the people who do, who agree with these things, you'll bond with me and then you'll listen to whatever I have to say and I'll tell you what to do. So the first thing is that I'm a huge football and watching Redskins fans. Anybody like the Redskins in here? There we go. That guy likes it now. There we go. That guy is crap. It's good stuff. So we're going to talk about football in my section tomorrow. So, oh, yeah, that's all right. Like I said, you can't be neutral on these things. Like Russell said. So another thing about me that this is stuff that I feel comfortable revealing to, you know, obviously that I want to reveal my entire life to the masses. But there's things that I kind of specifically chose that I felt comfortable revealing. And obviously I went to Penn State. I have a master's degree. So anybody, how do we add a couple of people went to Penn State? So that's one of the things that I, about me, I do a lot of running. I run half marathons and I ran a marathon last year. Hopefully I'll run another one this year. So anybody runner, any runners in here? Now this is, this is, this is interesting. So I really like older rock hard rock bands before 1998. They had like more personality, you know, like all the old hair bands. Of course you just look at me. You think, oh, he's totally a headbanger. Exactly. But I used to listen to all that stuff. And I don't know if some, some reason after, you know, you know, the new millennium hit, just, I don't know, just didn't really appeal to me anymore. But that's just the opinion I have. And one thing I want to talk about is I don't like, when I write my blog posts and I write, you know, articles for Russell, I don't just talk about like the redskins and all that. There's just little things that I like, will like add in, you know, like, I'll somehow like tie that, like the redskins into headlines or, you know, well, you know, that's kind of a weird example. But in other words, a lot of things that people ask me was, last time I talked about this was, well, do you, that's all you talk about. Well, if you're not going to talk about marketing, then people are going to tone you out. Well, the point is that this is just little things that you kind of mix in here and there. You know, you don't just talk about, you know, hair bands all the time. So, so the other thing is, I like my favorite 24, my favorite show is 24. Unfortunately, it's, Russell's a big 24 fan too. Sad day. And does anybody here watch Breaking Bad? Breaking, there we go. Oh, Michael. All right. There's only one person, there's always that one person who watches that show. Everybody's like, what the heck? So, it's another, my favorite, all my favorite shows. I'd usually don't worry about watching a lot of TV, just two shows I watched. Well, one show, now that 24 is gone. And so one really big one that I reveal, I actually wrote a blog post about this, about a couple of days ago, or weeks ago, was I used to watch a lot of professional wrestling when I was a kid. Like Hulk Hogan and all these guys. Anybody watch professional wrestling in here? Okay, couple of hands. We're not friends anymore. Yeah. Well, I don't watch anymore now, but, and of course, I'm a golfer, so that's one thing I also reveal myself as I play golf. And now we're going to get into flaws. So, one of the things that, well, this is based on some, some audios that Russell has listened to by John Allness and Dan Kennedy. And he said that all attractive characters have flaws, like, you know, Superman had kryptonite. So my, I came up with three flaws. These are the only flaws that I have. You know, no, just kidding. So the first one is that I'm hopelessly addicted to caffeine. Now, this is interesting because this is the, you know, I'm trying to quit, we're doing a contest in our, in our, our, our office kind of a weight loss contest. So one of the things I wanted to do is quit caffeine. So this is like a third. Is quit caffeine at least 40 times? Yeah, I'm going to do it this time. I promise. I will do it. It's been three days since I've had, had a couple of coffees. You're using pushes instead of pull. That's the problem. Yeah. There we go. Exactly. I'm going to quit caffeine first and then I'll quit the harder drugs later. So, so, so that's one of my things I feel comfortable, you know, that I'll say like I'm addicted to caffeine because a lot of people go to Starbucks and, you know, that's America for you, I guess. Another thing is I really keep, I keep eating really bad food. I don't know. I just like eating junk food. I'm trying to improve that as well. I have to run so I don't get too much weight. And another thing is I really, I'm really bad at playing golf. You know, most people who play golf, we can relate to that. Now, now we're going to like the, the kind of the pet peeves that I have. Now Russell, you know, said that you have to have a strong opinions about things. Well, these are some more opinions. So rock and roll died after the mid 90s, after the grunge movement ended. I don't know if it's like the older bands like U2 and Metallica, you know, the ones that really, you know, really big. I mean, you don't see any of the, any of the later acts, you know, sell out stadiums. That's another thing I like to put in. And, and so, okay, one of the things is I, like I said, I don't watch a lot of TV, but I was really big into the 80s TV, like, you know, like the Dukes to Hazard, A-Team, you know, the greatest American hero. Anybody remember these? So there we go. Rome remembers. He's, he's, but of course I grew up there in the 80s, so, you know, makes sense. So there are a couple others as well. I don't want to take too much of Russell's time, but so basically that was the whole idea is that I wanted to, instead of just me being, you know, Kevin, the copyright or writing articles for Russell all the time, I want to kind of, you know, reveal things about myself that I felt comfortable revealing so that people that would read my articles would bond with me more. And that's pretty much it. And I'll, I'll print this out if you're interested. I'll print this out and I'll distribute it Thursday or tomorrow or Saturday. If you know anyone else who likes long strolls on the beach, Kevin's looking. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. Anybody out there on the camera? No, I'm just kidding. So, thanks. Awesome. Thanks, Kevin. You're welcome. It's interesting when I, when I first learned about whole attractive, attractive character concepts, the first thing I learned for him was his name is John Allinus. And if you go to johnallinus.com, you see his site is all about teaching men how to pick up women. That's this whole thing, how to, how to, how to, actually how to get women to approach you. That's this whole business. And when it was interesting, Adam comes to speak at an already seminar, because I knew he had this big thing he does about attractive character. And he said, he said that, you know, his business is teaching men how to get women to approach them. He said, but he said, he's like, but the laws of, laws of attraction are the same, whether you're in business or we're in a personal relationship. He's like, if you take the laws of attraction and learn how to use those in your, in your business, you can get customers and clients to be attracted to you, just like you would get a woman to be attracted to you. And the same thing he taught, he teaches the guys how to pick up chicks, the same thing you teach how to pick up customers. It's, you know, building the attractive character. Who are you? What are your stories? What are you for? What are you against? And having stances on things because, I mean, you can ask the women in the audience, you guys probably like men that are like, I wish you washed, you know, that kind of thing. I wish you washed, you know, that kind of stuff. Like you want a man that's going to be out there, have stances, have opinions and same kind of thing for customers. They don't want, someone's not going to want to come and buy from you if you're like, well, you know, I don't know. You know, they want people who are like, look, this is the way it is. This is the way it is. The way it is, isn't it? Isn't it? Anyway. Like I was talking, they say we were driving in today. He was talking about Rush Limbaugh and all these people, like I don't care about political crap at all, but they were talking about this guy and this guy and how this guy, those guys are perfect examples of attractive characters. People sit and they tune in the radio show over and over and over. Listen for hours and hours to hear, this guy's opinion, this guy's opinion. Okay, in your market, you want to be the guy who's got the opinion that people are listening to. And you can be wrong, it doesn't matter. You just need to have an opinion. Jay Abrams said that people are silently begging to be led. And whoever's going to stand up and lead those people are going to make a lot of money. Okay, everyone is looking for someone to follow. And if you're going to be that person to stand up and become the leader, you're going to be the one making the money. You go back to the books tribes that we talked about earlier about the subcultures and you read the books tribes, it's talking about people who become tribal leaders. You need to be that person who comes up and becomes a tribal leader who gets people following you because that's where the money's at. Okay? So anyway, so a star story solution. Again, so the star, that's the first part. Who's the star of the story? Is it you? Is it your customer? Is it Jared the subway? Is it you, the guru? Who's the star of the story? Because people are going to need to relate and bond to a star. If you're not a star, it's tough to make a sale. Second thing is the story. And again, the goal of the story is to agitate a problem. So if I'm selling, again, how to, you know, cream for someone who's bald, I'm going to, the problem I'm agitating is bald people. So how to agitate that problem? Agitate and agitate and agitate it so much. They're so frustrated. It's like, God, leave me alone. Then like, oh, here's the solution. Oh, thank heavens. Okay, the goal of the story is to agitate pain. Bring that pain up because the pain is what gets people to make change. Okay, if you look at our sales videos, the pain I'm giving you is like, how, like, right now, you know, you're broke, you're trying to do this, you're trying to do this, I'm causing as much pain as possible. And I help people imagine. Imagine what life would be like if you had this. Imagine what it would be like if you had this. Imagine, imagine, I'm causing pain, and then have them imagine what life could be like. And if someone has pain and they have imagined what something could be, that's the easiest peak time to sell somebody. That's when you provide your solution. And it's so easy. If you've done the sales process right, the solution is easy. The solution is, hey, I got this product that solves all these problems. I've just been agitating you out for the last hour. Oh, thank heavens. I'm so excited. Well, the best example is my dad's going to be speaking to you tonight about business structuring. And he used to sell services. We don't sell services at these seminars anymore. But the first time we did it, he got up there, he talked for like two hours about like, all the ways that you can like end up in prison or lose all your money because of the way you do your business. Like, it's a great talk, but it's like, it's like a painful thing. You're just like, oh my gosh, oh my gosh. And anyway, the first time he did it, he got there, he spoke about this whole thing for like two hours, and he got done. I got up there and I had the chance to actually close the cell, which was a lot of fun. I looked down the audience and everyone's look was like this was just like, I don't even want to try. This sounds like a lot of work and I don't want to go to prison. Like, everyone looks so like, he'd agitated the problem so well. I came in and I was just like, hey, this is the deal. My dad does it for me. Do you want me to do it for you? Sweet. It's like 500 bucks a month, 600 bucks a month. Cheapest accounting services you'll find in the entire world. You've got your business structuring and people were flocking to the back. I think, Kevin, just take these problems off my head. So that's the goal of this sales process. If you guys watch any of our sales videos, any of our things we're doing, you'll see that process over and over and over again. There's a star, there's a story that agitates the problem and the solution is the product we're offering. Pretty easy. Now, let's see. The only thing I want to talk about is in this process right now, so here's where you're selling your thing. Now, right now there's two core ways that we use to sell our product. The first way is the sales letter. When you're in Kevin's group tomorrow, he's been talking a lot about sales letters. Which you guys have seen sales letters before, hopefully. Long pages, usually headlines, some copy, a headline, copy, headline, copy, headline, copy. And the whole headline copy thing is taking you through this process. Headline is, hey, discover the number one secret about how this guy did some cool thing. Let me tell you a story about how this guy did this cool thing and the stories agitating. It's a big, long letter that's just going through this process. Introducing a star, telling a story, you provide the solution. If you look at any of our sales letters, that's the process we're going through. And there's a system, like I said, Kevin will teach you the system you go through this entire sales letter. We were doing sales letters for a long time. They worked really, really good. We've been transitioning lately to sales videos. Mia's may have seen them and they work so much better. What we do is make these, if you guys have seen these videos, they're really annoying. There's no way to stop them or fast forward or rewind. You sit there and you have to watch the video and it's like, pisses you off. So the first time I, one of my friends went like that and it was so annoying to me. He's like, tell me, this thing's making so much money, blah, blah, blah. He's all excited. And I was just like, you know, I was just kind of a, I went to the site. I was like, this is annoying. I can pause and I can play, but I can't fast forward or rewind. He said, look at, he's like, just, he's like, just trust me. He's like, send an email to your list. I want to show that this actually works. So I took a portion of my list and sent an email just to see if it was actually, if it actually worked. I didn't believe him it would. And from just a portion of the list, we made like $15,000 in commissions, which we made $30,000 in sales. I was like, holy crap, I cannot believe that actually worked. And so I went back and we tested one of our products and it just did awesome. So what we do is we make these sales videos that it's not anything fancy at all. It's a PowerPoint slide and there's a headline and I read the headline and then there's the next line. I read that. I read, and basically I'm taking this entire sales letter and I just put the text up there and I read the line. And then I read the next one and just, it's the most basic, simple, easy thing in the world. Maybe an hour to create the whole thing. It takes longer to write the copy, but it doesn't take that long to do it. And again, it's not technical at all and then you put it up there and basically what happens is you sit there and you read your sales letter to somebody, slide by slide, they see like one line at a time. And at the end of it, you tell them to sell the product and it works so good because the problem with a traditional sales letter, what do you do when you see a sales letter? You read the headline, you scroll down and see what it costs and then you decide if you want to read the sales letter. With this, they come in here and they have to sit there and watch the video. So if you do a headline, a good headline at first in the video, they're like, oh crap, they're in there. They have no idea how long the video is or anything. They sit there and watch and they watch and they watch and they're checking their clock and they're all upset. But you have the chance to actually tell the story, to bring up the star, to agitate the pain. And they're sitting there and sitting there and at the end of it, the sales process is so easy because you're forcing them to read the whole sales letter. You're reading it to them. So you're getting it auditory, you're getting it through hearing and also through reading. So you actually have it on a sales page, the video first and then you still write it out? I don't even have the sales page anymore. We just do the video and when the video hits a certain point, then the order form pops up. It works awesome. Better than anything we've ever done before. We just launched one today. They were just telling me the stats a second ago. We launched instantsocialanarchy.com, which if you see that, it's just a squeeze page in the sales video. The squeeze page in the sales video and they said we had $17,000. We emailed... We're at $17,000. $17,000 in sales. We sent the email out like what, three, four hours ago? Two, thirteen. Yeah, so since two, thirteen, we made $17,000 for one sales video. It's like an 18-minute sales video. Just going through that process. And guess what? I didn't even send an email out. Brent sent it for me because I was too busy preparing for it right now. So yeah, it's nice having your own list and having a good sales process. That's the process. Star Story and Solution. Again, Kevin's going to be going into really big detail with the ASMR about how to structure it. All the stuff he's got. He's got headlines, swipe files, whole bunch of really good stuff here in the manual. He'll be going with you guys in the group tomorrow. But I just want to give you an idea of how that all fits into this process. Yeah. Oh, it must come as far as... Who's the first one you had had in the video? I think the very first one is Dan Aikul. Mine are just PowerPoint sized with... I don't even have a picture of it in my entire PowerPoint size. It's just text lines that I'm just reading. There's no... Yeah. And people watch the whole thing. The whole bloody thing. And then they buy it and they love it. You can try and find out what's going to be there. Yeah. The prices, you wonder everything. Everything is yours like... I hate it, but it's the greatest thing in the world. I've never seen a sales process yet that works as good as that. And it's so much easier to make. We take... Do I have sales letter? Typical sales letter takes us what? Two weeks to do the whole thing. It's a nightmare. Here, I get out a text pad. I bust out the copy. I have five or six sales letters done in the past. I had text pad. I just copy them on the lines. It takes me about an hour to not get the whole sales video. I put a microphone. I read the text pad. I just read the audios. I emailed my brother. I outsourced it. I sent him the audio files and the text pad. It takes a PowerPoint slide and just max it all together. And it's not fancy at all by any stretch of the imaginations. Excuse me. Do you find it to be a higher price point to make a longer video? Yep. This is the rule of thumb. I've learned this... Anyway, you need to make your sales video, sales letter, whatever it is. They say make it similar to a girl's skirt. It needs to be long enough to cover the subject, but short enough to be interesting. That's what you're looking for. Yeah. Do you do the audio that you make to the audio with the PowerPoint? Yep. I'm recording all the audio first and then PowerPoint and then he's mixing them together afterwards. Is there a reason why you did that? Because it's a little bit of a campaign that's going through a few... Faster for me. Because then I'll have to create a whole PowerPoint and all that kind of stuff. Does the order form only pop up at the very end of the video or like three courses? We put a timeline so that as soon as I announce the prices, then we let the order form pop up. There's scripts out. You can outsource that for like five bucks. There's just a little timer and they say it when it hits minute 18 minutes and 32 seconds, all they do is in the page, just for the tech, you guys, there's a div that's a hidden div that hides the order form. And at minute 13, it unhides the div and also the order form just appears. So for the tech, you guys, that's what it is. It's really simple. Like I said, it's a $5 outsource project. Okay. So that's sales process. Selling is when you get good at this, the whole thing becomes so much easier. And so what I want to start doing is like tonight, think about your attractive character. Think about what you're selling, what you're talking about. All those type of things are important because if you notice like one of the big things that you want to start doing, start collecting an archive of your parables. Okay. Look at the greatest teachers in the world. Look at Christ. How did he teach people? He talked through parables. I don't care who you think he is, but he talked through parables and the greatest teacher in the world. Okay. You look at me, how many stories have I told you guys today? I could set up here for four hours and be like, okay, number one, the HTML tag needs to be h1, but you guys have been like, you go ahead and wanted to kill me by about 130. Okay. I teach through parables. I have a concept. I tell a story about it and then it grains it. You hear the concept, you hear the parable and it grains into your mind. So you want to start thinking for your sales process, what are the stories, the parables you have in your life that can tie into your sales process? It's all about telling parables. How many stories you have that you have something happen in your life? Like, crap, I can relate. It's back to my thing. You send an email the next day. This is the funniest thing. I was at the movie. This guy came up and he had a big hair bow on and blah, blah, blah. And now you got a parable you can tell some big story with. Okay. But I mean, look at half the stuff I'm teaching. There's all parables. I have my potato gun parable. I have, you know, all these different things and it's key when you're doing the sales process, start figuring out your parables. What are stories you can tell? Because stories sell. That's what, it all comes down to that. The stories you're telling, that's what people are listening to. They're not listening to sales pitch. They're listening to stories. And if your story is good, they're going to listen and it makes the sales process so easy. Because again, your story's agitating that problem. You just become the guy saying, oh, by the way, here's the solution. It's really easy. Now, the other thing when we're building the sales video or the sales letter, this comes back to what we talked about earlier with the Ask Campaign. A lot of this whole sales video is just the answer to those questions. How do I overcome pornography addiction? I discovered the number one secret I had overcome pornography addiction. I've taken their questions and turned that into a copy for the sales video for the sales letter. Okay.