Hey everyone, this is Russell Brunson. I want to welcome you to our training for today. This is one that I'm really excited for. It's kind of a bonus training that a lot of you guys are asking for is you want to figure out how in the world do we develop our own products. Now, I want to stress before we get started too deep into this is that even if you don't have your own product, you can still be successful with ClickFunnels and with FunnelHacks. It's important to understand that because it's not necessary to have your own product. In fact, if you watched week number one, we talked about Opt-in Funnels. Meaning that you can make a great living online just using the Opt-in Funnels strategy. I showed you how to go to Clickbank, how to find a product you want to promote, and then kind of reverse engineer that into a great landing page and a bridge page. That's one strategy that we use. I think to really to grow your business or to grow any business, information products can and should and probably really needs to be part of the strategy. We use information products for all of our physical product businesses. All the people we consult who run more offline brick and mortar type businesses, we try to get them to create information products as well because it helps to generate leads to acquire customers at a huge profit because the nice info products is it's 100% profit. Everything you sell, you keep 100% of it and you just give them a digital product afterwards. Info products should be a part of every one of your guys' strategy. That's the goal for today's training is to kind of show you guys how to develop products and how to do it really, really quickly. That's kind of game plan. I'm excited. I've had a lot of people asking like, are you going to talk about how to create supplements and things like that? That's not really the scope of this training. This training, I'm focusing more on information products. I'll show you guys a couple of tricks at the end. If you do want to make a supplement, some easy ways to get one created very, very quickly. That is the game plan. All right. To begin with, I want to just kind of go through the initial strategy. If you look here on the left hand side of my screen, I've got a little cartoon here because I like drawing cartoons to illustrate important concepts and things we're trying to teach you. When most people create a product, they do it backwards. They have an idea of something they think the people are going to want. They go and they create it and then they try to sell it. The problem with that is you have no idea if people are actually going to want to buy what you've got. The correct order and the right process to do it is this. Step number one, you've got to find a hot market. That's a big key. You've got to find a hot market. Step number one. Step number two is after you find that market, you've got to ask them what they actually want. The big secret here, this whole online marketing thing, is not making up products that we think people want. We find out exactly what they want before we ever create it. That way, our chances of success are so much higher. In third steps, after we know exactly what they want, then we just create it and then we give it to them. Does that make sense, you guys? My goal with everything in this entire Final Hax training, if you guys can't tell us, is we want to get, when we put up our first version of our website and our product and we want to be as close to successful as possible. These are all the different hacks and the cheats and the ways we get closer to that to help guarantee our success. If you guys model it, that's what's going to help you guys as well. Again, find a hot market, ask them what they want, and then we actually go and just give it to them. The first question then is, people I'm sure you're asking is, how do we find a hot market? To kind of preface this, I want to say that you've got to figure out a market that you want to be in. When you start playing with this, you're going to see that you're going to be creating products and writing emails and making videos and a bunch of stuff. If you're on a market you love and you're passionate about, it's going to be hard for you to really grow that and scale it the way you want to be. I definitely recommend finding something you're passionate about, but also something that other people are passionate about and that they want to actually give money for. That's a big thing to think about when you're picking a market you want to be in. The way that I typically do this, and I talked before in some of the other trainings about ClickBank, ClickBank is one of my favorite places because it's such a good ground that we can see tons and tons of stuff that's working. They have over 100,000 successful funnels in here that are all archived based on which ones are selling the best and selling the most right now. What I'm going to do is I'm going to come over to ClickBank right now and I'm just going to go through here and I'm going to try to figure out what product I want to create, what market I want to be in. I'm going to come here to ClickBank and at the top there's a little button that says ClickBank Marketplace. If I click on that, it takes me to ClickBank Marketplace. Let me shrink that down a little bit so you guys can, there you go. Now over here's a bunch of categories for all these different things that they can sell. For you, you have to be like, what are you most passionate about? What gets you excited? Are you just self-help? Do you like languages, home and garden, health and fitness, green products, employment, education? What is it for you that gets you excited? I always think about this for myself. If I'm at home on my computer and I don't know how many work to do, I'm just surfing around having fun. Where are the things that I'm more drawn to? What gets me excited? Where am I spending my time? Because I promise you guys that if you're, during your free time, you're goofing around and searching and researching and learning all these other things. First off, there's probably other people doing it. Second off, you probably know a lot about that already. I know one of the big struggles people have with this whole concept of creating their own products is, and I get this all the time, I'm like, Russell, I'm not an expert. I can't do that. I can't create my own product. The reality is that you may not be the number one expert, but I promise you that if you've been studying and you're excited and you know the stuff, you probably know more than 95% of the world. The people you're selling to are the 95% of the world. If 5% or more, you aren't going to buy your product anyway. You're selling to the rest of them who don't quite know. One of my favorite stories that illustrates this, if you guys have ever seen the movie Catch Me If You Can, the main character in there, I think his name is Frank Abagnale. In the movie, they don't tell the story, but in the book, if you read the book of it, he tells the story where he actually said that, I don't know if this is true or not, but this is what he said in the book, that he went to BYU, bring him in university, and he walked into class the first day and there was no teacher, so he stood up and he grabbed a book and he started teaching class. Instead, he ended up teaching the entire semester of this advanced level class at a nice, prestigious college. And they finally, I don't know if they ever caught him or not, but later people asked him, how in the world were you able to teach an entire college curriculum on a topic you didn't know anything about ahead of time? And he said something that was really, really powerful. He said, all I had to do was read one chapter ahead. Okay, if you're one chapter ahead of the people you're teaching, then you know everything that you need to know, right? And I always think about that, like I might not know everything, but I know more than the majority of the people, and so I'm okay, I can sell this to people now because I got information that they have, that they want and they need. So that's really the key, guys, is that you don't have to be an expert, you just have to know a little bit more than everybody else. And if it's a topic you're passionate about, you probably already do, right? Okay, so I'm going to come here and I'm going to go through this, and I'm going to, for this example, this is the same one I showed in the sales webinar, so I'm going to do it as well just to kind of model. So health and fitness, and I come to health fitness, so it's ranking all these sites by the top selling ones. So today, diabetes miracle is number one, number two is venous factor, number three is brain stimulator, weight loss on fire, another diabetes offer, anyway, a bunch of other, all time reversal, and a bunch of things. So I can kind of see here's like the ones that are selling the best. And so for this example, I'm going to model the venous factor. So I would just click on this and open up a new page. I already have that page open here. So this is the venous factor. Okay, now this comes back to, remember we talked about during the initial webinar, we talked about actually going and buying, excuse me, like going through and buying someone's products so you can see their sales funnel, right? And so that's a big part of it. But the second part of it, not just so I can see what their sales funnel looks like, it's also there because I want to be able to see what their products are. Like what are they selling and what's the, what's the hook and why is it important? So I went through it before I started recording this and I watched this web, or watched this sales video. The end of it, there's no word of form. I clicked on it and I bought the product. After I bought the product, then took me to this. And this is their first upsell. And the upsell was $37 for the upsell. Okay, so I would do while I'm doing this fact, let me do it with you guys right here. Cause I think this is, this is literally the way that I do it. And this is the way you guys should be doing it as, as well. So if you got a white border piece of paper, start sketching this out. So the first of their, of their thing was a video sales letter, video sales letter. I think the product, I think it was 37 bucks. I'm not positive now. I bought it a few minutes ago. Okay. Then from there took me to the upsell page. Upsell is another $37 product. And I'd have to watch that video to find out exactly what it is. We have a video selling $37 product. Okay. I come back here. So there's my $37 product. There's the add to order. So this is what it's called the Venus factor, final phase. So this is kind of what their, their upsell product is 37 bucks for the final phase, the 12 week fat loss program. So kind of I did, this is what they're selling, right? So I bought that. Took me to the next upsell right here, which is, let's see what this one was. The Venus factor meal plan. Okay. So I come back here and we come back. So we'll send out the, the first product was $37 is called the Venus factor, Venus factor. Okay. The upsell for $37, what do we say it was? It was called the Venus factor final phase. So, okay. So actually the first one, so Venus factors, a 12 week program. So we come back here. So it's initial one. Venus factor is a 12 week program. So it's saying after your 12 weeks have finished, then they sell you the final phase. Okay. So this is called the final phase. Let me write that back. So this is $37. This is called final phase. Okay. And from there it goes to the next upsell, which what we say it was $47. And it's the Venus factor meal plans. This one is $47. Okay. So know that now. And I clicked on that. And there's another offer. This one's $20. We've got quite a few upsells here. That's okay. It's $19 here. And this one is the cookbook. Okay. Cookbook. Okay. So I got 12 week program. Then after 12 week programs over, then I got my meal plans and I got my cookbook. I think that was the last offer. Yep. So I bought all those and took me to here. So I paid, okay. So the first one was actually $49.95 because I bought all of them for you guys. So you can see me going through this process. $49.95. Okay. So $50, $37, $47.19. Maybe that was $20. Anyone? Anyway. There you go. So I clicked okay. And it takes me now to where I can see all of the products. Now a couple of things here. Notice these are ads for different, for other products. So if they click on any of these, they make affiliate commissions on those. Now here's where I actually bought. So if I click right here on access purchase, open that new window, then this is going to show me what the product is. So I can go and see. Oh, it's another upsell. Okay. Let's check that out. So again, this is kind of cool to dig deeper, right? This is the next, this is the next upsell. So I bought my product here and they're trying to upsell me again. So from here, they're upselling me on, what is it? What's the price point? I'm not sure the price is on this one. I don't see it. It's a free trial. So free trial. I'm going to say it's free trial. I'm going to say it's free trial. It's a free trial. So free trial. I'm going to say no thanks, but there's a free trial. So we got another offer they've got over here. Free trial. And then, surprising sandwich money a month, it's on here. Anyway, I said no thanks. I come over here. Are you sure you want to give this up? That's actually kind of cool. I changed my mind, give you, give my reserve upgrade to another woman. I'm going to make sure I declined this offer. Nope, I don't want it. Now it takes me to the product. So here's the product I actually bought. And I can kind of see. So here's my 12-week fat loss program. There's a video. Then there's an e-book, number one, number two. So there's all these things, my 12-week meal plan. So this is all the stuff that I bought. It's all in here. I click here. I can see this other stuff. So these are all the different things that I bought here inside the members area. I can see the downloads. I can see the videos, the meal plans. So everything I bought is right here. Okay. We've got a supplement database. Okay, so again, if this is the market I was going to go into, I look really close to it. What are they doing? How are they packaging? For this one, there's the video. There's all these kind of things. There's a video. There's all these trains. I might open one of the 12-week system. Let's see what the book looks like. Let's look at the PDF. Well, it's loading here. You can see what I'm doing. I'm trying to get, this is my market research. Every other business in the world is market research. Online, we never talk about it, but this is how I do it. I want to see what they're doing, what they're selling. Right here, this is their table of contents. Now, I'm going to talk about this here in a minute, you guys, but this is the key to this whole thing. This is table of contents. So check it out. Table of contents. Part one, the Venus Factor 12-week weight loss nutrition program. How do you get started? What's the Venus Factor? Gender difference in metabolism. Nutrition science. Calories. Using Venus Factor, 12-week meal plans, weight versus shape, the Venus, boom. So there's the outline. Again, I'm stressing this because this is the key, you guys, is this outline. The table of contents is what drives your entire product. Then from there, then they go through and they just fill in the blanks, right? Everything that they talk about in the table of contents. So there is their product. All right. Okay, so you guys are getting this so far? So now I've seen the research. I know exactly what their sales funnel looks like. What their price points are. I know what the actual products are. One thing, and we talk about this more in some of the other training, but if you notice that I'm not selling the same thing at every single step either. This is a 12-week program. Then they've got a 12-week program. What's the next thing they need? Okay, now they need after a 12-week program. What's the next thing? Okay, they need meal plans. Okay, what's the next thing? Okay, now they need to cook, but what's the next thing? They need a community. Okay, so it's like, if they bought this, what else do they need? What are the other things that's going to help benefit and help them get more successful? That's how you kind of structure each of these different products in the funnel. Okay. Okay, so now we've done the first thing. We know what market we're going to be in, so you get a picture of whichever market you found out the most successful one you saw the funnel looks like, you saw what their products are. So now I got a pretty good idea of like, this is what's working, this is what people are doing. Now I know I want to get in that market, so let me go find out what other people want. Now one thing that's kind of cool that you can kind of cheat a little bit is if you're following this way, you're seeing like, I think I told you this before that I think Venus Factors making like $30,000 to $40,000 a day. So I know that, I already know this is what people want. I know that these topics are hot. People want to know about why the gender differences between men and women, because this whole book is for women, right? So you have a good idea of kind of what's happening here, right? But if you don't know that or even on top of that, what I recommend doing is always doing step number two here. Step number two is now that we found a hot market, we've seen what's already working, now we want to ask this market what they want. Okay. Now the way that I do this is we create these little tiny things called flycatcher pages. This is what a flycatcher page looks like. Okay. It's very simple. I'll read this so you can kind of see. This is for one of our products called How to Overcome Pornography. And we built this pornography addiction product a few years ago. And it was cool is before we did this flycatcher page, I started building the product a different way and we were building it focused 100% on men who have pornography addictions. We thought that was who the market was. But after we ran this flycatcher page, what was cool is that we found it really quickly that this wasn't, that wasn't the core of our market. The core of our market were women and mothers and spouses of people who had the addiction. That's who was really looking for help. So we would have known that if we hadn't around this survey. So this is how it works. The service is dear friend, I know your time is valuable, so I'll get right to the point. I need your advice. I'm putting the finishing touches on a new product called How to Overcome Pornography. I want to make sure they don't leave anything out. So you let me know what your biggest question is about how to help your loved ones overcome a pornography addiction. It could be anything, even if you think it's silly. All you do is type in your question in the box below and click submit. In exchange for your advice, if you also leave your email address, I'll send you a free copy of the product before we release it to the market and it should be ready in a few weeks. Okay, so here's the easy form. What is your number one question about how to help your loved ones overcome a pornography addiction? Boom, and that's the form. So we put it out there, people started filling it in, and in fact, I think on the next page I have a little snapshot of some of the responses that came in. So here's some of the questions and I've blurred out email addresses so you don't see any of them, but, and this is, I read this back in 2005, you can tell this has been a little while since we created this product. So boom, will pornography ruin my relationship with my wife? How can marriage survive when pornography addiction keeps popping up after a trust in a 43 year marriage that we don't want to get a divorce? 34, how can a spouse help deal with this addiction that keeps popping up in a relationship with divorces and the answer? How do you begin to use the internet in a responsible way, again, when trying to drop the addiction or should you avoid using the internet usage for a while? How can I control my need to call adult phone lines? How to avoid free online porn? Are specific strategies help teenagers who are struggling with porn addiction? I'm an atheist, every program I've ever seen depends on belief and higher power. How can I deal with this without that belief system? So you see how those questions, there's so much value in those questions people gave me. Again, this one's a man who's concerned about his relationship with his wife. Now that I know that's an issue, I can add that into the sales letter, into the product. This is about a marriage, this is about a wife who's got a marriage who's struggling. Again, it's a spouse, this is a teenage kid, there's all these things I learned by running these little campaigns. Now, inside of ClickFunnels, right now we don't have the ability, well we do have the ability, it takes a little custom coding though to be able to put a form like this in. In the near future we'll have this as part of ClickFunnels, we can do it really easily. But right now what I've been doing, I'll show you what I do, it works really good. I do the same thing, I make a little survey page like this, so give me your advice and I'll give you free copy of my new product, I need your advice and I have the same thing. But instead of having to fill in a form, I just throw in a Facebook thing down here and they comment on it. Now obviously with pornography addiction people probably aren't going to be volunteering their number one questions, but if it's something that people were passionate about, say it's wrestling or weightlifting or biohacking or whatever the topic is that you're interested in or weight loss, I bet you will get a lot of people who are willing to post their questions here. So that's how we do it now, ClickFunnels really easily as we have it here. People comment right here and then boom, I get all the data coming in right here in the comments section of this page. That's kind of how this process works. Let me show you one more time. This is an example for our potato gun course, the same thing, boom, they fill out the survey to get a free copy of our product. By the way, people always ask me, how do you get testimonials before you launch your product? This is how we do it. We get a bunch of people who have an issue, we create a product for them, we give them exactly what they wanted, we then give that to them, then afterwards they give us testimonials and now boom, we launch the product and we've got a whole bunch of testimonials from the people who helped us create the actual product. Okay, does that make sense you guys? That's a big aha hopefully. Okay, so they fill out this form right here. What's your biggest question about potato guns? And then boom, here, people always say, well, how do we drive traffic to this? So it depends. Back in the day, I used to do Google PPC. I don't like Google PPC anymore. The next thing I started doing was I started going to forums. When I built my potato gun product, I went to a potato gun forum. They had like 9,000 members in it and I just went there and I posted this. Okay, and I said, hey guys, I thought it would be a fun project to put together manuals showing how I make my potato guns and want to make sure it's really good. So I'm putting together a survey to make sure I answer any questions that normal people would have about potato guns. So I've got a question, so I got a question, a favor and a gift. Number one, what's your number of question about potato guns? Number two, would you post a question at here? Boom. And number three, if you do post a question, I'll give you a free copy of my manual. Sound good? Thanks guys. I got a forum and from that I got a whole bunch of people sending responses. In fact, here's a whole bunch of them that came through. So I don't know if you can see this very well, but I'll read some of these. What are the different kinds of igniters you can use for potato gun? The price of a basic potato gun? Let's see, some of these are weird questions. How do I fix to the repeater if there's more than one potato? Is it safe in the city limits? What can I use this fuel that won't cause my potatoes to explode? That's the easiest, cheapest way to make a potato gun, the best air fuel mixture. How to make the potato launch farther? Anyway, you see all these different questions that came in. So I got a whole bunch of really cool data, seeing exactly what people wanted to know inside of my potato gun course. Now for a lot of you guys, there may not be a potato gun forum in your market, but I just go on Facebook, find a Facebook group that's passionate about weight loss or about potato guns or whatever your topic is and just post a little thing like this and say, hey guys, putting together a product and if you want, you can have them just fill out, just comment on Facebook to get a bunch of your data or you can push them over to your flycatcher page if you want or a combination of both. But you're just trying to get research. You find out, excuse me, exactly what they want because if I know exactly what they want, it's really easy to give it to them. If I don't know what they want, I just got to guess and hope that I'm creating a product that people actually want, which is not the key. So again, I get all the questions first. Now after I get all the questions, I take all those and what I'm going to do is I'm going to put those into an outline. Now with the potato gun, when I got over 100 questions, when I started looking at them all, they kind of fell into about seven different categories. Category one was about different types of guns. So I took that and I put in all the different questions about that. So there's a lot asking about what a pneumatic gun was, what size of gun, how to build a bolt action, oh, should we bolt? Bolt action spud gun. Then I had a lot of people asking about pipes. So I had chapter number two was how to pick the right pipes and I had those. Then a lot of people asking about what other accessories they needed. So I made that third chapter and I plugged in all the questions that were tied to that. Chapter four is how to cut the right barrel to chamber volume ratio. I didn't know that was a real thing until the questions started coming in. So I researched and found out the answer. How long should I cut my pipes? What happens to chambers too big or too small? So I found out what were the core categories of questions. I turned each of those into a chapter or to a module or whatever you want to call it. I put all the other sub-questions that were tied to that underneath there and soon I got this really cool outline. You guys see how cool that is? My audience, they gave this to me. I didn't guess and figure out what should I do. I had other people give me the answers and then when I create this product now, it's exactly what people want. I'm not guessing. I know exactly what they want. This is the key, you guys, for me is creating this table of contents because if I have this, there's a bunch of ways I can turn this into a product, but I have to have this first. That's what I was saying back here with Venus Factor. Where's it at? Right here, the key to this is this table of contents. If I don't want to survey and do all this work, I could just take this table of contents because I guarantee they've done the work and I can look at that and I can tweak it and change it and make it my own, but I can look at that because when they did their market research, this is what they found out people wanted to know about. A lot of times what I'll do is I'll go to Amazon and if you type in Dummy's Guide to anything, let's see, weight loss or something, the Dummy's companies, they go out and they do tons and tons of research ahead of time. For example, it's to say nutrition for Dummy's. I'll go here. The Dummy's guys, like I said, these companies, they do tons and tons of market research. They interview thousands of people before they create any of their Dummy's books. What's cool is that they've got the most comprehensive indexes in the world and you can see them for free right here in Amazon usually. I'll scroll down and boom, here it is. Why is nutrition important? Nutrition basics, proteins, fats, carbs, fiber, vitamin minerals. I can see here and this is exactly what they felt was most important to put in this book. If I don't have time, I try to run a survey and I don't get enough feedback, I can look at other people who are successfully selling products and look at their outline and see what things they're covering because I guarantee you they're answering the questions that people have as well. I'd say always start with the survey and if you don't get enough data, then go look at your competitors' products and go find Dummy's products and look at the table of contents of other people's products. That's really the key. The table of content she has is a gold mine for me. That's my initial goal because that's why I have this table of contents that haven't mapped out. Now I've got the structure for my product. Now all I have to do is go back and fill in all of the pieces. This system is, like I said, this is the key, guys. A couple other things though, this is kind of a cheat for the future as you start looking forward. Not only does having these questions help me create my product, but it also is going to help me create my sales message later. Check this out. For example, here's a question that people submitted to me. What type of pipe do you use? What's the PSI rating for the pipes matter? That's a question somebody asked me. I'm making my sales letter, my sales video. Check out. I can take that question and I transform it into a bullet point. The only pipe you will ever use and the secret PSI rating, they'll guarantee that your potatoes go further and your gun will last longer. Another question, what type of igniter should I use, barbecue or lantern igniters? Then I've turned that into a bullet point. Find out which igniter we'll never use as well as the scary near-death experience that kept us from ever using again and why there is only one brand that we trust. If your question is what kind of igniter should I use, my video says this. You're like, oh man, I need to get this product. I find out what igniter it is. How long should I cut my pipes? I turn that into, you'll learn the correct barrel to chamber percentage ratio and that will keep you safe and help your gun shoot 25% further. Warning, being a fourth inch off can make your potatoes shoot like a flop. What type of propellant should I be using? Discover the secret propellant that we accidentally stumbled upon when we ran out of hairspray that immediately made our gun shoot 50 yards further every single time. Am I going to die if I make this gun wrong? Learn the safety secrets we use to make sure every potato gun outings safe as well as exciting. You see what I'm doing with this stuff? The market's given me exactly what they want in the product and after I put that inside the product I can tweak those questions into the sales points and that is what's going to get somebody to sign up. You guys always thought I was so smart but I'm not. I'm getting you guys to tell me exactly what you want. In fact, as you know, some of you guys know I ran some little surveys on this before I created this training. I asked you guys what you wanted to know and then from there I built out this little outline. Here's my outline. A lot of questions from you guys saying, I don't know what market I should be in. What funnels? What are their products? You guys asked me how I find out how to make the product. I do it through Flycatcher page. How do you know what to put inside the product? Boom, your system. I went through the same process with you guys. I took your questions, turned it into an outline and now guess what I'm doing? Just answering these questions. I'm turning this into a product. Hopefully you guys see what I'm doing. Practice what I preach. Let me come back to this. Now I've got this outline. Again, whatever product you're in, you guys should have this outline created. Again, for this one, if you think about it, they probably have an outline for this. They had an outline for their final phase. They had an outline for their meal plans, an outline for the cookbook, an outline for the continuity program. They probably have different outlines inside of here. That's the first step, is having that outline. Now that they've outlined, now I've got to figure out how am I going to package this into some kind of system. The first way, as you see here on the left-hand side, is text. What I can do is I can take this table of contents and you can sit down and you can write out a book. My book comes very easy. Chapter number one, how to sign what type of guns you want to create. Section one, what's a pneumatic gun? I can just write a page on what a pneumatic gun is. Chapter number two, what size gun should we build? Now to write out a page or two about what kind of size of gun. Number three, what kind of bolt action thing? I'll write out two or three pages on that and soon, chapter one is done. It's 10 pages long and boom. Part of the book's done. Now I come to chapter number two, how to pick the right pipes. Section number one, what type of pipe do you use? Now I just go and answer that. Boom, I go research, find the answers and I filled in. Number two, what's the PSI rating of the pipes matter? Then I just answer that. I go through this entire thing. If each chapter's got 10 pages or so, by the time this is done, I've got a 70-page book, which by the way is an amazing product. Does that make sense, you guys? Now I don't know about you guys, but I really struggle with writing. It's really hard for me to do. In fact, recently I wrote a book and it was the most painful process in my life. So if you're like me and you're like, man, writing's really, really hard, I've got good news for you. You don't have to actually write this. In fact, when I first created my first pornography addiction product, I just, I went and actually hired a ghostwriter. So a ghostwriter is someone who takes your ideas and they write a book and they give it back to you now to your book to do whatever you want with. So I went and I hired a ghostwriter and one of the sites I use is odesk.com. If you just type in ghostwriter, you'll see thousands of people who are ghostwriters on here and you can hire any of these guys to write your book for you. You can even say, I just want people from different, so like, American people are going to be expensive, like 55 bucks an hour, right? But in the Philippines, I get people for five bucks an hour who are just as good as these guys here a lot of times. Now what I was going to say is the one thing I'd recommend is when I first decided to make the overcome pornography product, I just hired someone on odesk and I told them I want a book on how to overcome pornography addiction. And I hired a lady and she wrote back and she sent me this book like two or three weeks later and chapter number one in the book was talking about good versus bad pornography. And I was like, if someone's dealing with a pornography addiction, they're not trying to rationalize like, they probably in their head are trying to rationalize that like the last thing I do is like give them an ally. Oh yeah, there's good pornography you can look at. And the whole book was just skewed and it was weird and it was just all over the place. And I just basically throw it away. Okay. When I came back to do the second time, I had this, I gave it out to a ghost writer and the ghost writer now had a process had questions knew everything that my market actually wanted. They to go through and just answer the questions. They did the research, find out what an animatic gun is, do other research, write an article, boom, they go through. And what happens that way is I get a book back at the end that actually is really, really good. Okay. So if you, if you skip this step, if you don't have this table of content, you can get a crappy product. You do have it. The ghost writer will be happy. They'll be able to get done faster and the book will turn out exactly the way you want. Okay. So that's how I do books. Now again, for me, I don't do a lot of books because they're super hard to do. Take a lot of time, a lot more money. You know, you can probably get someone at Odesk to write your book for you from anywhere from, you know, three to $400 up to, you know, $25,000 or more. So that's kind of your cost. So if you do that way, unless you want to write it yourself. The next way, then this is the way that I personally like doing it a lot more is audio. Okay. And again, there's a perceived value with, with a text versus audio versus video that each one of these notes, while text is the hardest to create, the perceived value is the least, right? You know, you go to Barnes and Noble or the border or Amazon and buy a book for, for 10 bucks. You want to buy an audio CD set. She's like a hundred bucks, right? You want to buy a video course. It's a couple hundred bucks or more. So the perceived value goes up, even though it's easier to create some of these other ones. So if I was going to audio program, I could do the same thing. I'm going to take this outline and I, I open up. Um, in fact, what I would do a couple of things. Uh, one thing you can do, um, if you're doing it yourself, you can just get a microphone and I'll show you as the one that I use. This is the one sitting on my desk right now as we speak. Audio Technica. This is the one I'm recording with. Um, hold on in my microphone. Oh, there it is. Boom. Yeah. See, I purchased it. I think I like 12 of these now. I'm going to go to the box, Audio Technica mic. I take this mic right here and I plug it into my computer and then I click record and I just start talking and I go through this exact same, uh, process. Okay. I say, Hey everyone, my name is Russell Brunson. I want to welcome you to how to make a potato gun. Now, uh, module number one, we're going to be talking about how to decide what the best type of gun is for you to create. And then I just talk about it. Right. Okay. Now, step one, what's the pneumatic gun? And I talk about it and I talk about it. And eventually I talk to this and this might take an hour, two hours, three hours. By the time everything's done, I've got a three or four hour audio training program that's done and it's finished and it's ready. Okay. Does that make sense? Now, some of you guys may not feel really comfortable doing it that way. And so if you're not, what I've done a lot of times is I'll actually, um, have somebody interview me, one of my friends and I'll, I'll give them all these questions. And then, uh, what I do is I use, I like using Skype and there's a whole bunch of really cool Skype recorders. If you Google Skype recorders, the whole bunch of them, I think this is highlights. It's probably what I use. Yeah. I can do 30 bucks, hook and Skype. And then I can, I can do video interviews, uh, really, really easy as click record and boom, we do a video interview or I can, I can do audio interviews as well. But this is the thing I use it's getting 29 bucks type in Skype recorder into Google. You'll see it there. And there's a bunch of other ones as well. So I can use that. And I, I give my friend this outline and I say, okay, you're the, you're the host of the show. I'm the expert. You come and just ask me all these questions and I'm going to answer them for you. And we can make a really fun. And what's nice about this is there's a lot more fun and you kind of play off each other and some dialogue and you can tell stories better and it makes, usually makes for a better product that way. Okay. So Skype's a great way to do it. Uh, the other program I use a lot is called instant tele-seminar and, uh, instant tele-seminar is cool because, um, that person calls into a phone number. I call the phone number. I log in and click record and we can do the whole interview. And when it's done, it pops out an audio file and boom, I've got it done. So I use this to tell seminar a lot when I'm doing interviews or when I have people interviewing me. That's how I create that. Or the third way, so that's, we talked about texts, we talked about audio and the third way we do these law times is, uh, video products. And, um, what I use for video is called, uh, it's called Camtasia. In fact, I'm recording this video right now using Camtasia. Um, and so Camtasia we do is you just, um, you open up on your computer, you, you, uh, highlight. So I just highlighted this screen, this screen, you can see my mouse, I highlighted those two screens. I clicked record, had my microphone set up, my audio technical microphone, started talking and it's recording, making a video file. When I'm done, I'll click stop. It'll pop out a video file for me and now I've got this video that I can go and I can use. Okay. So I use Camtasia. The other one, there's, there's also, um, there's also one for Mac. Um, and I use a Mac, but I use, I use Camtasia, I'm used to it, but there's, uh, Mac, there's one called screen flow that's really good as well. That tons of people use. Um, I'm just so used to Camtasia, I still use it, but there is screen flow. Same kind of thing. You open it up, click record and boom, you start talking and when it's done, it pops out a video file and now you got your video product. Okay. Now a couple of things that are cool about videos. Um, one is cool cause I can, you know, I have somebody interview me like I did with Skype where it's kind of, they, they get to see me and my, my personality and they kind of get that impression as well, which is kind of cool. Um, but the other cool thing about video. Um, so one thing, uh, one of my friends named David Frye, he had a, this is probably 10 years ago. He had a, a how to train your bulldog product and he did the same thing. He went and he created a system outline like this and the way that he did it, um, it was kind of cool. He didn't want to go through it and survey a bunch of things. So he does, he went and he bought like 10 different dog training books. He went to Odesk, he found someone on Odesk and said, Hey, I need you to read 10, uh, dog training books and from 10 books, I want you to create an outline of what, how you would train a dog based on everybody's opinions. And then I want you to take that and actually create PowerPoint slides out of it. So the guy went through and did the, you know, read 10 books, learned all this about dog training, came back and built out like a hundred PowerPoint slide, uh, presentation, gave it to Dave, Dave opened up on his computer, opened up Camtasia, click record and then he's taught the PowerPoint slides. This guy had put together for him. Okay. And he created this really cool product. I think it sold like over 10,000 copies of that product and made a ton of money with it. Okay. So you see how this all works? Like it's, it's all based off of this right here. As soon as you have the system outline done, then you're just filling in the blanks, filling with text, with audio, with video, or you can do a combination of these things. Okay. You can have it where chapter one is, is a video course and chapter two is text and things like that. Okay. There's a lot of ways to do it. Sometimes I'll take this and, and, uh, chapter one, two and three might be my first product. Okay. Maybe that maybe, maybe like right here, like maybe their system outline was a 12 week program and then after the 12 weeks and then mail plans and cookbooks. So that was their, their system, but they figured, and we can go really deep on this one. So they, they just did the 12 week program. That became product number one, that step of the outline. And then product number two became maybe these two steps here, you know, and then product three became these. So this outline, depending on what your product is, and you know, you don't have to have one, you know, one products, the whole thing, this could be three or four or five products. If you, if you have enough content to really dig deep into all of them. Okay. So hopefully that helps. Now, um, a couple of things when you're, when you're creating this content, you guys, the, the biggest key I can give you to really make this, uh, to make this fun is just don't just like teach people stuff. Like try to tell stories, like stories is what makes content exciting. It was keeps people from, from, uh, from refunding. Okay. So when you're exciting, you can make it the better the, you know, the more stories you can tell the better. And so I'd recommend that trying to figure out a story for each of these, if you can. So when you're teaching it, you say, what's the new matter gun? This is what it is. And then here's an example when we made one, you know, something that where it makes it more, um, more alive and more exciting as opposed to just this boring textbook that just answers the questions. Okay. So think about that when you're kind of creating the content, the more stories you can share and things like that, the better. Okay. All right. So we talked about a package of system, you can package text, audio, video, or combination of the, of the, of the two or three. One of the kind of hint that I can give you guys is kind of cool. Um, and I've had a lot of our students who do this, who sell like more high end products is they'll go and they'll create their system outline. And then what they'll do is they'll have, they'll, they'll do an event at their home or at, you know, at an office or something like that. And they'll invite a bunch of their friends over. Some of them have 10, 15 people come over, they set up a video camera in the back of the room and then they teach their friends this entire system. And they go through all the content and they teach everything and they record it. And when it's done, they've got, you know, four or five DVDs of them teaching their system. Now they got this really cool DVD home study course and then take the DVD videos and they'll have someone strip the audio out and from there they can make an audio course and then take the audio and they hire someone to transcribe the audio. And when they transcribe their audio, now they've got an ebook. Is that cool you guys? So this is an example of the company that we use. Um, let's see. Uh, I think it's internet transcribers. It's very Perry's company. So let me make sure. Yeah. Internet transcribers.com. So this is a company I use. So what I do is after I get, um, the audio file back or even the video file, I send it to these guys and, uh, they literally go and they take it and they transcribe the whole thing and they send me back or document with my entire, everything I taught in like an ebook format. So again, if you guys wanted to do like an ebook, but you know, like, I don't want to spend $500 on an Odesk or I don't want to write it. Again, come back to here, take this thing and just teach it. Record yourself teaching the entire thing. When it's done, send it over to internet transcribers.com. They will then transcribe it all and then boom, now you've got an ebook. You can package up and that becomes your product now. Okay. And then your upsell could be the audio or maybe a bonus could be the audio. Cool. Okay. I hope you guys are getting this. This is, this stuff's so much fun. It's exciting when you learn, this is how it works. And this is how you kind of put all the things together, right? Okay. One of the things that the Power Shares is, if you look inside of these guys' members area, they've got a bunch of other stuff, right? They've got bonuses in here. They've got, you know, 17 cheat foods. And so anytime you have bonuses stuff, it's good because it bulks up the value, makes it seem more valuable. The hard thing is you got to go and create bonuses. And so I'm going to show you guys some of my hacks for creating bonuses really, really quick. One of my favorites is I go into Google and I type in PLR, it says for private label rights, PLR, PLR and then the niche I'm in. So PLR weight loss. So I came right here and check this out. There's all these different people selling PLR weight loss products. Now PLR means private label rights. It means they give you the files. You can change the title. You can call yourself the author or whatever you want to do, but these things become yours. So for example, right here, this guy's got 33 weight loss ebooks for $8. So I pay $8. I become the author of 33 books that fast. Okay. So I click right here and check this out. Boom. I get all these ebooks. I get the home office warrior, the body mass index calculator. Anyway, I buy this thing and there's like 38, 33, 33 books that now I am, I own and I can put my name on it and move. All of a sudden these products are mine. Okay. Now I typically don't like using PLR stuff for my main product. I can have my own product because I want people to know who I am, but I love using PLR stuff for bonuses. Okay. And again, you can change the cover. You can put, you know, you can add things. In fact, one of the PLR books I found, this is a couple of years ago, we found one and the book was, was pretty good, but there's one chapter I completely disagreed with and there's one chapter that I just didn't really like it. So I deleted that one chapter. I tweaked it at the other chapter and I ended up writing two more chapters of my own and boom. Now this book became really, really cool. I slapped my name on it. I changed out the cover and we sold it. And the first week we started selling it, we sold over $50,000 of this book and guess how much it cost me for that book. I paid the guy $27 for PLR resale rights to that book, which is pretty crazy. So best 27 bucks I ever spent. Okay. And then again, there's tons of PLR. I got, I mean, if you scroll through there, there's thousands of pages of these things, you guys. In any niche, you can dream a diet e-book. So here's the diet one. If I want to, if I want to diet one there, there it is. How to lose 10 pounds in 10 days for six bucks. I own the PLR rights that I can tweak it around. I mean, how to lose 11 pounds, 11 days, seven pounds, seven days. I can change a little bit. Now it's, it's my book, right? There's tons of them. 100 weight loss tips. Okay. How could you use that? That'd be an awesome bonus. Right? The diet, okay. They got the debt beater system. Shy guy's guide to successful women. So if you're on the dating market, forex trading, like bodybuilding, there's so much you guys. Like literally you can spend forever. So type in anything PLR, forex. So say you're in the forex market. What do you got? Boom. There's tons of stuff in here. Okay. Anyway, so that makes sense you guys. That's a fast way to get bonuses and to really bulk up your product and increase the value very, very quickly. It doesn't cost very much and you get done fast. The second one, and this one I like even more is interviews. Okay. How many experts are there out there in your market that would love to have a platform where they can talk about what they do? For example, we're working right now on a diabetes product for our supplement. If so, I went in here, I typed in neuropathy because that's one of the symptoms. Check out. Here's a book right here, right? Defeat neuropathy now in spite of your doctors, which is a cool title. So what I would do is I would come right here and I'd say, okay, who's the author of this book? Can we get Dr. Valerie and Dr. John? So I'm probably going to call up both these guys and say, hey, I want to interview you. I saw your book, Defeat Neuropty Now. We've got a Neuropty supplement. We'd love to interview you about what you're doing. Is that okay? And nine times out of 10, you guys, they will say yes. Okay. These guys probably, they sold, they're 22 customer reviews. They probably haven't sold that many of this book. Okay. My guess is this is their passion about. This is a passion project. They never made any money. If I say, hey, I've got a product I'm selling. I'd love to interview you for all of my people and you're going to get free publicity off of it. And you know what? I'm not going to charge you anything for that. They're going to say sweet. Everyone's like, everyone always asks me, well, how much do you have to pay them to do the interview? I don't pay anyone anything ever. All I do is I tell them that I'm interviewing them and this is a platform for free publicity for their book. And they say, all right, I'm in. Okay. So I call up Dr. Valerie or Dr. John and try to interview them. And then the next is like, well, how do you know what to ask them? So this is what I would do. I'd click on this book right here and they've spent a lot of time writing this. What's their system outline? What are they focusing on? So I scroll down here and boom, there's their system outline. So I would say, what's your name? Dr. Valerie. I'd say Dr. Valerie. Thank you so much for coming on this interview. We're so excited. Before we get started, I'd really love if you could cover what you think is the great neuropathy hoax and she'd answer it and say, hey, thanks so much. My next question is, what do you think are the main lies that drug companies don't want you to know about? And then she's going to answer it. Let me say, how do you get freedom from peripheral neuropathy? She's going to answer it. I go through them and ask all these questions in her system. Because I know this is what she's good at. This is what she knows. She's the expert in the world. She's wrote a whole book on it. She's going to answer all these. When it's done, I've got an hour long interview that covers everything in her book. Okay. Obviously we'll talk about her book or promote her book, but I've got almost the equivalent of her book now. I can tell this as a front end product, as a bonus, as an upsell. I can have someone transcribe this, make an ebook. That's basically my version of her book. And obviously I'm going to keep all the ads and everything to promote her book. That's what she gets in return for that. But how cool is that, you guys? Almost overnight in an hour, I can create a product that's just about as good as what they probably spend a year creating. I can use that as a bonus, as an upsell, as a downsell, as a bunch of really cool things. Okay. All right. So hopefully that gives you guys some ideas. This is literally how we do it, you guys. It's fun and it's exciting. It's not as hard as you think. I hope that now you're like, wow, this is really easy, Russell. I can actually do this. Because when I first started learning this stuff, I was like, wow, this, it opened up my whole, it just opened up my eyes to what was possible. That's why I probably created so many products in my day because I'm so excited about all the different ways to do it. It's super fun. So now one more question a lot of you guys have been asking, so I'm just going to answer real quick, is if you guys do want to do a supplement, how do you do that? So let me find, actually before you supplement, let me, yeah, one more thing I'm going to show you. So let's go into ClickFunnels. So now I've created this system. How do I package it? So whenever I create something, I go here to the membership funnel. I'm going to create a membership funnel. I'll call this one, we say it's Russell's weight loss. Course. Okay. I don't know. What's called that for right now? So I'm going to create that course. And then it's going to create my members right here. Then come right here to, I got to pick one real quick. So let me pick a template. Now, after I pick the template, now what's really cool is I have a chance to do it. I have a chance to go and start creating my course. Now if I come back here to these guys course, you notice they've got different modules over here. So one of the modules is a 12 week fat loss system. One of the modules is the VF virtual nutritionist, then your workouts. These are their different modules. The modules usually correspond with this, right? With your chapters, your modules here. So that's the first step now for me is to go and start creating these modules. So less than sections. So sections are your modules. So number one is, I'll just do a potato one, one, two, three, four. So what kind of gun do you want to create? So what kind of gun do you want to create? So that's module number one, boom, done. Okay, now I got to do module number two. So I'm doing how to pick the right pipes. How to pick the right pipes. So I go through everything in my outline, right? I edit all those things, right? Now I need to have each individual lesson. So lesson one, what's the new man at gun? So I come here and make a lesson. What's, gun, and then pick a page template. I can do drip delay. I'm not having drip delay on this. Boom. So I have lesson number one. I come back here. I can make lesson number two. What size gun should we build? So I come in here, add new lesson. What size gun should we build? Boom, drip delay. I'll leave it zero. Okay. So you see that snow? So I'm doing this. I'm just building out this outline here inside of click phone. It's not a membership site, right? So I do that. I build the whole thing out. Then now that I got, what's the new man at gun? I click on that. I'm going to add the content to that page. So if I created a video teaching that or an audio or if I've got an interview or whatever it is, I come back here and I would change this right here. What is a gun? I take my video I created, I pop it in right here. Usually for me, I put them on YouTube. I put my YouTube video here. Boom, it pops in there. Changes out. If I have any resources or any bonuses, I put them right here and boom. And one's done. Okay. Then I come back through. I do it for the next one. The next one, I just go through all the lessons until my entire system's been built out. Okay. All right. Who here is excited? Who here sees how easy it can actually be to create your products? I hope you guys are excited by that. All right. So last thing I'm going to show you guys, now you kind of have all the tools is a lot of people ask you guys about supplements. And again, this training is not about supplements, but I want to give you just a really quick way to hack this if you're also interested. So supplement is two ways you can do it. One is you can create your own private label, which is what we did with all of ours where we actually hired a chemist. They formulated it for us, went and sourced the materials and we built our very own so that nobody can knock it off. And it's very, very specific to us. Okay. And long-term, that's the best strategy. But short-term, a lot of times you just want to start making money, right? Before you go and invest all this money on chemists and manufacturing and everything. And so what's cool is you can use private label supplements. Okay. So type in Google, private label supplements. There's tons of companies. For example, here's one right here. You click on this right here and it'll show you all the supplements they do. So you've got 500 different products you can private label. Click on product catalog. It shows you tons of them. They've got multi-vitamins, amino acids. Anyway, everything you can dream of they've gotten here. Okay. Some of these other companies, if you look at the way they do it, I'm just clicking around randomly. But a lot of them will specialize in a certain one. For example, yeah, see, you pick which formula, you customize the label and then boom, you've got one done. And so a lot of times what they'll do is, these have got pet products. You're going to do a pet supplement. You can even hear hairballs, joints, support for animals. Anyway, there's animal supplements here, right? So what happens, let's say, let's say for example, a couple of years ago the big one was Osseye berries. Okay. That was like the big one. Right now I think it's, oh, what's the big one right now? Anyway, I can't think of it. But let's say it's Osseye berries, right? So what'll happen is that these private label companies, they'll go and they'll buy 100,000 bottles at a time. And so because of that, their costs are like a dollar or two of bottles. They're buying such huge mass. And then people like us come in and we say, hey, I want to buy 10 bottles that are 100 bottles of that. And because they bought such mass, it's really, really cheap. They just take the bottles, they slap your label on it and boom. So you don't have to go and invest in a huge, you know, when you're accustomed, they've got to go buy all the raw ingredients. They've got to mix them up. So you've got to buy a big, huge batch of, you know, a couple of thousand bottles at a time. Whereas with private label stuff, they've already pre-purchased this. They're sitting in a warehouse. The turnaround time is typically really, really fast. They just come in, they slap your label on it. You can buy in small quantities and boom, you've got to supplement that fast. That cool, you guys? So there's kind of a trick and again, we're not going to go into any detail about supplements, but I know a lot of you guys are asking, so I want to share that as well. Okay. So you guys now know everything you need to know. And it all comes down to this little guy right here, right? You got to create your systems. You do it first off by finding a hot market that we talked about. Okay. Go find what funnels people are doing. You see what the products are, what their upsells, their downsells. Again, what their products are, what they're selling. You know, we talked about this. I want to know price points. I also want to know like, what is the product? You need to buy the products. You can open it up and see what their table of contents is and see if they actually wrote it. If they hired a ghost ride, if you can tell. And the more you know, the better your position you're going to be when you start creating your product. Okay. Now if you have that done, now we set up a flycatcher page. And again, we can set one up like this. If you know how to do custom coding, you can plug in a little box like that. If not, you can do it like this and click phones very easily where you just do the page and then you add in the Facebook comments under below. Then you drive some ads. You can get to drive from Facebook. You can drive PPC. You can just go into forums and groups that are interested in that topic and tell them you're going to ask the same question in there as well. And from there, you're going to get a whole bunch of information, a whole bunch of data back. So with that, then you can turn it into your system outline. After you have your system outline, figure out how you're going to package it, text, audio, video. And then now you've got it done. Now you've got to bulk it up. What are their private label rights, interviews, things. Can you make it to make this offer even more sexy? And now you've got a product. Okay. Now for you guys, obviously the next step is how to write the copy and all the stuff. And so inside of Funnel Hacks, we've given you guys access to Inception Secrets. And now that's the video, the training on how to actually write the sales letter to sell this and those type of things. So you have access to all those. But for right now, I want you guys to create your first info product. It's so much fun and you will be addicted to it. It's more fun than I think any of you guys will even, you won't even believe it until you actually do it, but it's a ton of fun. And so I recommend you guys doing that. And again, I appreciate you guys being part of this training. I hope this was beneficial. I think for any of you guys who are stuck and don't have a product yet, I hope this gets you over the hump and gives you the ability to start creating tons and tons of products. And if you're not an expert, it's okay. You can hire people on ODesk. If you know an expert, if you've got a friend or a family member who knows an expert on topic, do this for them. Create the outline and have them answer it. You interview them and let them go fill in all the blanks. So many ways you can do this now that you kind of have the tools and the system and the training behind it. So again, thanks you guys so much. And we'll talk to you next week on the next training. Thanks everyone.