Thanks you guys, I'm so excited.
These are my favorite thing we do in our company, our entire workshops.
We do a lot of different types of workshops, and this is our favorite one by far, so you guys, you're in for a treat.
We've changed a lot of it up this time versus anything.
We ran the same workshop for that last year, and this time is actually a little bit different.
So, we'll do some new content.
Hopefully it's gonna make things more simple and easier, and I'm really excited for it.
I'm glad you guys made it out here.
The reason why this is so much fun for me is because normally in our business, we're up behind our computers, and we're super nerdy up there.
You can watch us, and we're doing all this stuff like that.
You don't always put people behind the thing.
You see numbers, you see statistics, you see stuff like that, and this is so fun for me and for our staff and our whole team, because this is where we actually see the people that we're helping to affect, and lives we're changing, and it makes it real for us.
That's why we love it, and we have so much fun.
So make sure during the next two and a half days you're taking advantage of my staff.
I pay them a lot of money, and they're basically years for the next three and a half days.
So if you don't use them, then you just wasted my money and your money, and we got some brilliant guys that are here that work for us.
Make sure that you're using them.
It's also fun because, and I'm gonna introduce Anne and Jen here, and a little bit of them who haven't come to talk, but it's fun that earlier we were filming a video with these guys, and they were showing kind of their case today.
They first learned about this whole process and everything a year ago in December.
It's like a year and a half ago, and you're gonna see their evolution, their business, but it's so much fun, and so it's so fun for me to have you guys come, and then people come back again and again, and see the evolution of your lives and your businesses.
We've got like four or five people here.
This is not your first time here, which is exciting.
It means it's been good.
So you guys are always, as you know, you're always welcome to come back in the future after you've come through our workshop once.
So we do this one about three times a year, so it's a lot of fun, and we're just glad to have you guys here for it.
So with that, the only other thing I wanted to kind of talk to you guys about the process over the next two and a half days, we've put people through a process, not just a typical seminar.
We used to do just seminars.
I'd get up here and I'd talk for three days, and by the end of it, I was tired, everyone's tired, everyone went home, and no one did anything.
So I'm like, crap, we gotta figure out a way to make this more a process for people who are actually using it, the benefiting, and taking home and applying it.
So we changed the whole process up about a year and a half ago, and the results since then have been just amazing.
So what's gonna happen is today, this is the brain dump day, where I'm gonna just dump a whole bunch of stuff on your heads.
More than any of you guys are probably able to comprehend or handle, but you're gonna get everything just once, and you're gonna hopefully feel overwhelmed.
If not, it means that I'm slipping a little bit, but hopefully we feel overwhelmed.
A lot of people tell me it's kind of like sitting with a fire hose like this, trying to take everything in.
Howard, was it like that last time for you?
This guy's got 30,000 books, and it was like a fire hose to him, so yeah.
So it's gonna be a little bit intense, but don't get overwhelmed by that, that's a good thing.
That means that we're covering a lot of stuff.
Tomorrow what we do is we break everyone down into little groups, and so we're gonna go upstairs, interact with the officers, and you're gonna spend 90 minutes with me, and it'll probably group like four or five of you, 90 minutes with me, and then you'll spend 90 minutes with our copywriter, Kevin, 90 minutes with our product development team, 90 minutes with our SEO guys, 90 minutes with our PPC guys, and we go in groups like that, and it gives you a chance to have in a small group of the people that run my business, looking at your business and what they can do and give you ideas, and so it's really kind of a powerful hands-on experience, we have a chance to really let these guys dig into your business, and if you don't have a business yet, they help you start building one and getting it off the ground.
So that's tomorrow.
Again, tomorrow we start at eight, and we go to probably five or six, as soon as the group's done.
And then Saturday is another fun day, and this is something we added just recently, and the first time we did it, I was kind of nervous, because I wasn't sure how people were gonna react to it, and I had some ideas, and I wanted to do this process, we called it a mastermind group, but we did it a little different than a typical mastermind group.
So the first time we did it, we sat down, everyone was in a room like this, and what we do is we give everyone of you guys a chance to come up here and actually present your business to the rest of the group, which I'm sure some of you guys are freaking out right now saying, I'm not gonna talk in front of all these weird people, but I promise you by Saturday we'll all be best friends.
And so we do have a chance to actually come up here on the whiteboard and you map out your business, and then what we do is we turn around where all of you guys become coaches.
Anywhere we've ever done sports, who are our athletes?
Whoever like coached to the camp, like for me we'll coach at wrestling camps, or football camps, or basketball camps.
Okay, what I found, I used to go in the summertime and go and coach wrestling camps, I would learn 10 times more from actually coaching the kids than I just teach in my own moves, but I teach and I'm breaking it down, I'm showing them how to do it, and I'm like, oh, that's why that works, and suddenly I knew something better.
So we do on the third days, we turn it around, and we make the process where you guys actually have all the chance to become coaches.
So the first time we did this, went through the process, and there's a guy sitting right there in your chair, and a pretty successful guy, and he's sitting in the front, and I'm in the back just goofing off, playing on my phone, not commenting anything, and the guy's up here writing their businesses, and people are kind of giving comments, and I'm just dead silent in the back.
Because what I don't want, I don't want people using me as a crutch, that's what always happens.
So I don't say word, and first this guy was kind of getting all fidgety and agitated, and he kept looking back at me, and he was just like, I could tell he was kind of upset, and the first person got down and went down, the second person got down, and he was getting like, actually he looks in the back, and he's just like, like, I'm laring him in, he's like, do something.
And I'm like, I like waved at him, and just kind of egged him on a little bit, and he was just so angry, and after about four or five presentations like that, you saw him like vividly just like in his chair, just so pissed off, I find that in his hand on the desk, and he's like, look, dude, what you've gotta do is this, and he started coaching the guy through the process, right?
You need to do this, and you do this, and starts coaching this guy, and the guy's like, oh it's a great, he starts changing his whole thing, next I get stuff, and he's like, again, taking over control, and he's coaching it.
And after about three or four more sessions, And we broke for lunch.
And we broke for lunch.
And he pulled me side out side.
He said, Russell, you're brilliant.
He's like, I was about to, I was so pissed earlier today.
I was in a walkout and asked for a refund.
Because I was so mad that I paid all this money to come here and to learn from you.
And you're sitting back there playing games and talking and goofing off.
And I was just so angry because I wanted you to be coaching all these people.
And I wanted you to coach me when I got up there.
But I finally started coaching this guy.
And he said, I learned more in that last hour and a half of me coaching people.
I did the entire rest of the weekend before.
I learned more about myself.
I learned more about the process.
And he's like, you're brilliant.
I can't believe that you did that.
And I was like, oh, good.
I'm glad that works.
I was like our first dry run.
So luckily it worked.
And since then, we keep doing it.
And people love it.
And a lot of people, surprisingly, always tell me that the third day is the best day, which is sad, since I'm not talking at all.
But anyway, take that for what it's worth.
OK.
All right.
So we're going to cover a lot of stuff today.
This time, like I mentioned, we changed up the content of the workshop a little bit.
And the reason why is I wanted to make a simpler process for the beginning.
Now, some of you guys are in information-type business.
And some of you guys are not.
The beginning is going to be talking a lot about information type businesses.
And whether you're an information business or you're not, just listen to it.
Take it in.
And as the presentation goes on, by the end of the day, you'll understand how it all ties together.
Doesn't matter if you're an offline business, an online business, if you're an MLM, if you're doing information products, this process is going to be the same.
But I need you to trust me for a minute, because I'm going to walk through just a hardcore information-type business at first.
And then from there, we'll transition.
So I know we've got some chiropractors and realtors and things like that.
First, you might say, how does this relate to me?
But just trust me.
And I promise you, go with this ride with me.
And at the end of it, you're going to see how it all flows together.
The first thing I want to do, and I didn't, normally I have PowerPoint slides, but then I can't really whiteboard.
I'm more of a whiteboard guy.
So I didn't bring slides today.
But I put everything in this book here.
So hopefully, most of the pictures and the visual thing that I normally show, you can see inside the book here.
And so what I recommend to do is going through and taking notes while we're going through things in the book.
Now, whenever I speak, there's a quote I like to share.
This is from Winston Churchill.
It's one of my favorite speakers.
The guy is just, if you've listened or read the stuff that he's done, it's just amazing.
But this is one of my favorite quotes.
And it's called, Your Finest Hour.
He says, to every man there comes, that special moment when he will be figuratively tapped on the shoulder and offered the chance to do a special thing unique to him.
What a tragedy if that moment finds him unprepared or unqualified for that work, which could have been his finest hour.
The reason I love that quote is because it's speaking to people like me and you, and they're actually here learning the stuff.
All of us are out here trying to figure something out.
All of us have something inside of us that we can make money with, but second off, we can actually affect somebody else's life.
And what a tragedy if you've got something inside of you, you can change somebody else's life, and you don't have the ability or the know-how to get out there and help that person.
When I ever talk about business, the reason why I love business so much is not because of all the money it makes.
That part's really fun.
I'm not going to lie.
I enjoy the money, love that part of it.
But the reason why I like business is because of the other things that happen because of it.
Because it has the ability to change people's lives.
And whatever industry, whatever it is you're selling, you can change people's lives, literally.
And if you believe that, it's going to help you as long term.
One of the examples I'd like to share about this is there's a company here in Boise called Idaho Reproductive Center.
And they're just a typical company.
They do their job every day, and it's not a big deal to them.
They do their job.
Now, my wife and I, we spent about two and a half years after we got married trying to have kids.
And we kept trying to have kids, trying to have kids, and it didn't work.
The process was really fun, but the result never actually happened.
And it was really frustrating for me.
And so after about two and a half years, we're just like, this isn't working.
And so we go to the doctor, and they're like, well, I don't know, try this.
We go home, and they come back in six months.
Nothing happened.
Nothing happened.
Over and over and over again.
And just a horrible, horrible process.
And maybe when we've gone through that, you guys know the pain of that.
When everyone knows pregnant, everyone's getting pregnant.
It's just like, it's not a fun thing at all.
Really stressful on marriage and everything.
And so anyway, one day my wife was watching Oprah.
And she's watching Oprah.
And all of a sudden I get a call.
Oh my gosh, I'm watching this guy on Oprah.
He runs a fertility clinic.
And I'm like, oh, that's kind of cool.
It's a fertility clinic.
She explains, she's like, but guess what?
He lives in Boise, Idaho.
I'm like, are you serious?
Like, yeah.
So she's like, I'm going to call right now.
So she calls the guy up.
And he wasn't available.
But the other doctor, which is a woman, was there.
She answered the phone, like, yeah, come on in.
So next day we go to Idaho Reproduction Center.
We show up.
They do a couple tests.
They give us some things.
I'm not going to explain those.
You guys know what those things are.
If you've been through the process.
And month number one, nothing happened.
Month number two, nothing happened.
Month number three, boom, we got pregnant with twins.
And now, again, you look at business.
A business like that.
For them, that's their job.
Someone comes in.
They hand them the paperwork.
They hand them the little cup.
That's the process they go through.
It's not a big deal for them.
But because that person, because that company was not just shy and sitting back and saying, hey, this is my business, hopefully people will come to me.
Those people were actually willing to get out there and market their products and services.
And because they did that, because he was willing to go, I'm getting an Oprah's not an easy thing.
If anyone's ever tried it, it's not an easy thing.
He had to work hard.
He had a lot of marketing, a lot of money, a lot of effort to get on Oprah to be able to present his message.
But he did that because of that.
He was the comeback.
Changed my wife's and I's life forever.
Now, speaking of, we've got the twin boys.
We have a daughter now that's three years old.
And my wife is actually about to pop any minute now.
That's why I actually had myself went up here.
Just FY.
This is the warning.
So if I had to run out of here, she was 2 and 1 half centimeters dilated yesterday.
So if I run out, that's what's happening.
And Brent will teach you some stuff about whatever he teaches people about.
So that's just FY.
I want to make sure you guys know that.
But anyway, that's why business for me is so important.
Now, my role in business is what I love to do.
I'm most passionate about marketing.
And I wish I could go out that I could change the entire world, but I can't.
No matter how I try, I cannot change the entire world.
But what I can do is because I know how to market stuff, I can come and put on seminars, put on workshops, and teach people how to better market their products and services.
And guess what?
If someone that ran a fertility clinic came here and learned how to better market their products and services, got the message out and helped one or two or three more people solve their problems, boom, that's something I was able to help affect.
And I know that everyone of you guys have something inside you, whether it be a town, a hobby, a profession, there's something inside all you guys that could change somebody else's life.
Do you guys believe that?
You honestly believe that.
OK, if that's true, that's my goal now, to help you guys learn how to market that better so you can get out to more people so you can change more people's lives.
And if you do that, hopefully your mission will be solved and at the same time, it will help me as well.
So this is really selfish though I'm doing this, because I want to make myself feel better by helping more people.
Now there's another quote, and every time we do workshops, I get one or two people that are just like, well Russell, I don't want to do that.
It's too aggressive.
And if you guys follow my marketing, I'm pretty aggressive with our marketing.
And there's a quote from J.
Abraham.
He says, if you truly believe that what you have is useful and valuable to your clients, you have a moral obligation to try to serve them in every way possible.
That's kind of a powerful way to say it, right?
Well, it's just like, hey, if you have something good, you should go sell it.
He says, you have a moral obligation to your customers to go out there and to tell them about it.
And if you start looking at this and start believing that, I really believe that.
I don't think, again, I like the money behind this, but I really believe that we're changing people's lives.
I've seen people like Zan and Jen who've gone in.
I've seen what their life looks like now.
That's hugely rewarding, fulfilling for me.
And so I honestly feel like I have a moral obligation to everyone I meet to help change them in however I can.
And it's important for all of us to think about that in our business, to think about it.
It's not just, hey, I'm doing this thing for fun on the side.
But I've got a moral obligation to someone.
Who's life am I changing?
How am I changing in life?
How am I making their existence here on Earth better?
And it can be something stupid.
It can be something as little as hair bows, which we'll learn about in a minute.
Or it can be something as big as fertility.
But it doesn't matter.
You're changing people's lives.
So you're giving people happiness.
You're giving them hope.
You're giving them something that changes their life.
And that's what this whole business is about.
So there's my rant at the very beginning.
This isn't just about making money.
I'm sure some of you guys are here because you want to make some money, which is fun.
And that's how we keep scoring this game.
But that's not the purpose of business or anything.
And if it is, I'm going to talk about your push motives and your pull motives here in a minute.
But if your purpose of being here is to make money, you're not going to go very far.
I've seen it over and over and over again.
You do not go far when your purpose is to make money.
If your purpose is to help someone or change someone, whatever it might be, that's what is the pull strategy.
It's going to pull you to what you want to do.
And that's what gets people to actually be successful in this business.
We see people come through here all the time.
Year after year, we see people who leave and become really successful and those who don't.
That's the difference.
The people who are not successful are usually like, I need to make some money.
I need to make some money.
People are like, I need to help someone.
I'm going to change someone's life.
I want to add value to the world.
Those are people that get this and that succeed with it.
So I want to get that mindset kind of in your mind now, because it's going to help you a lot more as we go on.
So let me do that.
One of the major things I'm going to talk about, the major changes we're going to be talking about during this talk, when I first got started, who here has ever heard my potato gun story?
I feel like Ted and Gajillion.
Who here hasn't heard it yet?
OK, got one or two.
OK, I'm sure you'll hear it eventually this weekend.
But actually, I know I cover it later.
But when I first got started online, I was creating a bunch of software programs and making some money doing that.
That was how I first got started.
It was doing really well.
And I started making some information products.
And it was kind of getting it down and having some fun with making some money.
But by the time two guys came out with a course, a guy named Frank Kern, named Ed Dell.
Anybody heard of those guys?
Have you guys heard of them?
Really great marketers.
They launched this course called the Underachiever Formula.
It's about how to become a complete underachiever and make a whole bunch of money.
And I went through that course.
And that was actually how I thought, what's an underachiever product I can create?
And it was how to make a potato gun.
I created that was my first product and got it out there.
Now, Frank and Ed, they launched that course and they sold it for a day and a half.
They shut it down.
This was six years ago.
They've never launched a sense.
So the last two years, I've been actively pursuing them to buy the brand from them.
Because I love the brand.
I love the concept.
I love everything about it.
And we just recently just signed the contract.
We just bought the brand underachiever.
So because of that, the first section says it's going to be teaching underachiever because it's such an easier process to go through to getting your business up and running.
So I'm going to talk a lot about underachievers.
That's where the foundation comes from.
But it's the same process we've been teaching people for years.
It's a powerful, easy process.
But what I want to do first before we get started into this is I want to bring up two of my favorite underachievers.
And there, guys, we're making a lot of money.
We have a microphone back there.
Let's go grab it.
Now, I kind of talked to you guys a couple of times so far.
Xanogen, when I first met him, I was actually using an auto responder company called iContact.
And my rep, my sales rep was a guy named Justin Spencer.
And I still think his name is Justin, but he tells me his Xan.
So he's not talking to me.
He's like, hey, check this out.
I got this.
What are you doing?
I teach people how to make money online and that kind of stuff.
And he's like, oh, cool.
Check out my website I made.
He shows me a site.
He spent like eight grand building this site.
And I had all these things on it.
And I looked at it, and I was just like, wow.
Yeah, I think, because your stuff helped me market that.
And I'm like, well, yeah, but man, that seems like a lot of work.
I was like, there's other stuff we do that's a lot easier than that.
He's just like, well, I have this mission.
I want to help people be more healthy and all the good stuff he was doing.
But anyway, a couple months later, we came back, and we're talking again.
And I said, hey, we're doing this coaching program.
It's an online.
It's a free thing.
Just show up to it.
And we're going to do a big contest.
And the winner of it gets a Corvette at the end of it.
And we'd already been doing it for a month or so.
He's like, well, is it too late to win the Corvette?
I'm like, no, jump on in.
Just try it.
We had over 80,000 people sign up for the contest to be part of it.
And it was like 12 or 18 weeks.
It seemed like forever.
It sucked to fulfill, just in case you guys are curious.
Fulfilling is always the worst part.
You guys will learn about it as a business.
Fulfilling is the worst part.
But anyway, so we're going through this process.
And they come up to speed.
They start building this thing.
And they flew to one of our workshops.
And he showed me this niche.
And he showed me a niche.
And I was just like, that's a horrible idea.
There's no way on earth you will make money with that idea.
He's like, no, I swear.
I did the research.
And I'm like, nobody will buy that.
Please try something else.
He was so stubborn.
He's like, it's going to work.
It's going to work.
Fine.
I'll just mark you off as another person who didn't listen to me.
And he went home and made it work.
And you guys will see the numbers here in a second.
But I just did an amazing job with the niche.
I didn't think it was possible.
So that's one thing.
If I tell you something's not going to work, don't always believe me.
I'm usually right.
I was wrong on that one.
But we do the research right.
And the numbers will tell you what works and what doesn't work.
They went through though and went through the process.
And they ended up winning the contest.
Now what was cool about it, we had six finals in the contest.
And Brent and I went out.
We went and flew to Atlanta, speaking to Florida.
Yeah, speaking to seminars.
Something we were doing out of Florida.
Anyway, we called back.
Anyway, we were supposed to go and deliver.
We told all the finals.
They were going to drop by your house and actually deliver the Corvette to whoever the winner.
We actually only called them and told them to tell anybody else.
We told them because we knew they won.
And so anyway, we get to the place.
We go to the Corvette dealership, pull the Corvette.
I'm driving around like so much fun.
Cruising around on it.
And then we got our address.
We drive to the house, the address.
We go knock on the door, and it's the wrong house.
And I'm like, crap, where do you know we're all got video cameras out there?
We got a big bow on the car.
And we're like, surprise.
Who are you guys?
Anyway, so that was the whole process we go through, right?
So I'm like, crap.
How are we going to surprise them?
How are we going to find out where they live?
So I called Lindsey, my assistant, who you guys, if you haven't met yet, you'll meet her tomorrow.
I called her.
I was like, can we need their address?
But I don't want you to ruin the surprise.
So I'm like, call them up and tell them that they lost.
But we have a second place prize, like TV, that we want to mail out to them, which needs their address.
And so she calls back five minutes later.
She's like, oh, they are devastated.
I think he was crying.
He was set on winning.
And so I'm like, OK, what's the address?
We have the address.
Put in the GPS.
And we're flying.
I got the guy who would buy the Corvette from the car.
He's sitting there like, slow down.
I'm like, are you kidding me?
And I'm flying through.
They're having so much fun.
We get to this house.
And I come in, and we're trying to find this complex.
We're trying to find where we're going through.
And we're going through all these little doorways and things like that in the complex.
And I walk through.
And also, I see Jen out there with some garbage cans, like just soaking this, pulling him up.
And she looks up, and she's like, jumping like crazy.
And then runs back.
Justin, Jessica, anyway.
Or Zanzan.
Zanzan, the government.
And it was so much fun.
We gave him a Corvette.
And it was awesome.
They didn't have a honeymoon when they first got married.
So they took the Corvette, and they spent four months driving around the whole country.
And they came by, spent a couple of days here in their Corvette.
And just, anyway, great time.
But I want them to come right now.
And I want them to tell you guys their story.
You've seen it from my point of view.
But their point of view is obviously different.
They went through this process.
I want them to share the numbers.
Because I want you guys to see what's possible with this.
If you guys see the end goal, and you believe it, and you see that this is actually possible, it can happen, it's going to make it 1,000 times easier.
If you're like, sounds good.
Russell's a genius, apparently.
He can do it.
But everyone else.
Because I want you to see that anyone can do this.
And then I want you to talk about just what you guys do to get extra revenue business now.
Because this is the best part.
These kind of businesses we're talking about.
It gives you the ability to set something up and be able to actually follow your dreams and do what you want to do.
So you want to come up and just talk about it for a little bit?
Let's give him a round of applause.
Get some energy.
Get him excited.
Thank you.
So yes, we got started with Paraglis.
First of all, Zan was really positive after he first met Russell.
Now, I wasn't on that phone call.
And so he made all these plans and really just started it by himself.
And then I walked in one day and saw the computer screen.
And there was a Corvette at the top.
And I said, what are you doing?
Oh, I'm just working on this thing Russell gave me.
I'm like, no.
Why is there a Corvette there?
He's like, you can win a Corvette if you win this contest.
And I was like, hold on.
We are doing this.
We're doing this together.
And so we started.
And we picked the niche hair bows because my friend was making hair bows.
And I thought, oh, we can at least go to her.
She can be our expert.
Because we had nothing that we were good at doing.
He does now.
And so he made all these plans and was like, I really think that we are going to do $100,000 this year.
And I was like, if we make over $0.50, I will be happy.
So let's just go for it and do it.
And he was pretty much right on.
I mean, he was about $4,500 off.
We made $96,000 in our first year.
And that was, we started selling March 1st in those 10 months.
And then this year, so far, we've already surpassed that total.
And it's just July right now.
So that was pretty exciting.
But we started off in December.
And then by March, we had our product up and running.
Now, since then, when we create new products, we can get them running faster.
But the first learning curve, it does take a bit longer.
And then that first month in March, what was our first month, about $5,000?
Yeah, well, at first we were using PayPal.
So first we were using PayPal for our only merchant account.
I mean, their shopping cart.
And we made $5,000 the first month.
And then I wrote down the numbers earlier and that threw it away.
But anyways, in the second month was about $7,000.
And then it went up to $8,000.
And then a couple months later, we were making $16,000.
And just selling hair bows.
Not selling hair bows, but we put together our DVD and manual.
And we hired her friend and filmed her making them and marketed it.
But yeah, so we made, I think our biggest month was almost $70,000 a month.
But we're averaging now still, and it's been like a year and a half, at least $13,000 a month.
And just not one niche.
Now we have four or five more products in the craft industry, and then I'm creating one right now in the acting world.
So I guess another thing that has really given us this time freedom, which to us is a big thing.
My mom just had my little baby brother.
So I'm able to spend time with him.
I'm 26 years old.
He's two months old.
That's kind of cool.
But like Rosa said, we took a vacation around the world for 86 days in the United States.
Sorry.
That's our next school.
Poor backhand go overseas yet.
That's our next school.
But the cool thing to me is that when we first got started, we had $30-something dollars in our checking account, seriously.
And the reason that is, Jen was doing some real estate.
It's Jen's fault.
The reason that is, I have a real estate business.
And that month in December, when he had this phone call with Russell, every single one of my tenants decided not to pay their rent.
So I was like, OK, Merry Christmas to the Spencers.
We're not going to pay our rent.
So we had seven units at the time, and no rent coming in, plus all the mortgages and all the expenses on the house.
And we're down to like $37 a week and a half before Christmas.
And so we really had nothing to lose.
And we got started with a little bit more than that, because he got paid right after Christmas.
You had a mindset real quick.
And you just heard the mindset, the difference.
So we're down to zero.
We had nothing to lose.
Most of us have down to zero.
I can't do it.
You know, just the switch in mindset there.
I want to put it down, because that was awesome.
Anyway, sorry.
Yeah.
I mean, and then once he met Russell, we really thought, OK, I mean, we're going to listen to him.
We had heard some of his testimonials from other students and had seen what he had done.
And we're like, OK, I mean, he knows more than we do.
We know nothing.
We didn't even know what internet marketing was.
I mean, he had to explain what it was to us.
We had no idea.
Even though we had a website before, we weren't marketing it.
We just had a really fancy website.
So yeah.
So anyways, so I was starting a company called Relief Organics.
And it was natural health supplements.
And I actually created my own private labels and everything.
And I mean, it was doing OK.
And I wanted to bring it online.
So I hired some people, paid them $8,000 to build a website that I kid you not.
It's ugly.
I mean, I don't think it's up anymore.
It didn't make you any money.
Yeah, it didn't make you any money.
I think we made $1,000 off of it.
And I ended up losing $25,000 because I didn't know anything about it.
And so that also contributed to the loss in our make-it-count of $30.
But anyways, I met Russell.
And then within a few months, we had made all that money back.
And as I was saying a moment ago, the time freedom has allowed me to pursue my true passion, which is acting.
And so now I'm acting full time.
And I've been shooting some commercials.
I shot one for Fox Sports recently.
And I just recently landed my first lead role in a feature film.
And we started shooting it in a couple months.
That's pretty cool.
That's pretty cool.
So yes, so thank you.
And I guess that's kind of our story in a nutshell.
Who has a question for them?
Do you have any questions?
Yeah.
Part of your audience is me.
What's that?
Yeah.
OK, where do you guys meet Russell?
Well, I was working at Eye Contact.
And Russell had called in just kind of talking.
And basically, I was a sales associate.
And ended up closing him as one of our accounts.
He closed me.
Yeah, I closed him.
That's right.
You weren't stalking them.
No, I wasn't stalking them.
Although, once I find out who he was.
Do you need ideas on how to meet other people right now?
Yeah.
I'm not a stalker.
So just very briefly, what were the steps from, I have no idea about internet marketing to $5,000?
Yes.
You're about to learn over the next five hours.
But I mean, well, basically, so we entered the contest that Russell put on.
Everything that we learned to make all the money that we made today, we learned for free.
The information that he was giving away in the contest was free.
You signed up in each couple times a month.
He would do a video talking about the next steps of what you need to do.
And so we just simply implemented what he told us to do.
Jen said, we didn't know any difference.
We had nothing to go off of.
So what he said, we just did.
We just exactly what he told us to do.
And we put together an ask campaign.
And that's basically primary research, but on the internet.
And you can get, if you were going to sell our product, you could say, hey, what's your biggest question about XYZ?
For us, it was about how to make airbows.
And within a few days, we had 150 plus responses.
And we used that to turn those questions into the actual sales copy, the outline of the sales copy, which he also told us how to do that by taking in those questions.
And I mean, it was just a sell by sell process.
You covered product creation, all that stuff.
We just followed exactly what he told us to do step by step.
And probably what you're going to learn today, I would think.
Yeah.
Everything that you learned today.
And we did that.
And so when we first started, we were working.
I mean, both Zan and I were both working.
I wasn't working a job.
So I was probably working on it all day.
And he would work after he got home from work.
So we put in a good amount, especially during the contest, because there was a Corvette on the line.
I mean, we were working every hour and having a blast.
Like, we were newlyweds.
We were working together and having a great time.
Since then, though, I mean, it slowed down.
We work about 15 minutes a day each.
And then 15 minutes.
One five?
Yeah.
Each of us sometimes.
Or now he's not doing anything.
I don't know.
She's pretty much taking over the internet more than me.
I'm just focused on my acting career.
But I am putting together another informational product with my acting coach.
And then when we get bored, we just create another product and then do it over again.
Now, when you launched, your second product was the tutus.
Because the first time it took you three months to get your first $5,000.
Talk about the speed now that after you got the system done.
Oh, it's like nothing.
Yeah.
So then for the tutus, we also have mistutu.com.
And that was just something that I came up with to go along with Hairbows.
And because we wanted to kind of use the same customers, that we had the same customer base and have something maybe to upsell them or to sell them in the future.
And so we created mistutu.com.
Beginning of April, I just had the idea, went through it.
And then our first month selling in May, we had what, 6,000 in sales?
Yeah, 6,000 in sales just in the first month.
So it definitely went faster.
We got the product up more quickly.
And then we could use our same customer base too, which is kind of exciting.
But in the last two and a half months, it was like 19,000 off that website.
But we have other fun little learn how to make holidaybows.com.
We have how to make glass blocks and craft stuff.
It works.
What did you say your price point on the Hairbows was a premium price point?
Or was it more like a volume or did it have a price point?
We tried to see how it worked.
We just wanted to see if it worked.
Well, our price point for that is $27.
And we tested it out.
We actually started the first one we sold was $67, $57 or $67.
So we started.
And we sold some there.
And we just want to be able to offer it to more people.
And honestly, I mean, we don't have a lot of money into it, just because Russell also showed us how to do that correctly, what you learned today.
Like how to price the products and then how not to have a ton of money caught up into actually producing it and stuff.
So we just kind of settled on $27.
And we use auto responders and email marketing stuff to offer sales.
So I mean, it's not like we're just giving it away, but it's not a super high price either.
Just for our market, that works best.
We're averaging a month with the Hairbows at least $500. 500 courses, yeah, at least a month.
Just one time.
But the one I'm putting together now with my acting coach is a reoccurring.
Yes, it's a microcontinuity model.
Well, and then the only reoccurring that we really have with our customers is we have their email addresses.
We continually sell them the new courses that we come up with.
So it's been like every three to four months, we come up with a new course.
So we have a lot of repeat customers that way.
That's one reason we kind of stuck with the craft industry.
But yeah, our list and just the Hairbows alone have grown to almost $50,000 on that list.
Are you guys actually selling clothes or just how to make them?
Just how to make them.
So basically, so $27 for a DVD and a digital manual.
And then we charge $495 for shipping.
It costs us like $1.25 to have the DVD and everything made.
And then the shipping costs.
So $495 covers everything.
And so we're making the complete profit off of it.
Have you got any types of joint ventures or even licensing products for other people?
We have a little bit.
We looked at some joint ventures, but honestly, for some reason in our market, there hasn't been anyone who has like a sizable list that it would be like a nice trade.
I mean, we do have affiliates.
We also work with a lot of the top mom bloggers and get the word out that way through blogs and contests and stuff.
So JV, I mean, we haven't really had too much luck with that because we haven't found anyone who is kind of at the level that we're at right now.
Are you?
I mean, the list wise, you know what I mean?
I mean, like size of list wise that it would make sense to do like a mutual partnership there.
I've met some, you know, I've contacted people that have smaller lists and I've paid to have our ads put in there and they send them out for things like that.
And it should be profitable, but we haven't found anybody that has as large of a list as we do, unless you look at like Michaels and places like that, which they don't want to talk to me for some reason.
The only reason I bring that up is because I think that's important for all of us to know because who knows who will run into it.
And so now that we know that it's one of your goals, potentially, you know, if I run into somebody or contact somebody, if I come to call them, yeah, absolutely.
I mean, well, I mean, she's contacted to give it a mom bloggers that have been nice enough to even do it for free.
Like they'll put up our banner on their website.
I mean, one of them is we're paying a very little bit, but does she get like a hundred thousand people a month coming to it or something, the website?
Yeah, I mean, that's the one that top mom bloggers.
Yeah, I mean, that's.
The top mom blogger.
But yeah, but anyways, I mean, this just goes, it's talk to people.
Some people are nice enough to do it for free.
And if not, it's low cost.
So your $8,000 website, I've seen your Herbal website.
I took my wife there, she's a big crafter.
Oh, really?
We had heard about what you guys were doing.
And that's amazing, because I saw your website and the video and stuff that was on it was real small.
It was just really simple.
So when you compare what you spent the money on versus this website, I mean, what?
Was that the difference?
Was it the simplicity of it that attracted people to it?
Well, it's a completely different model.
Like the model that I have with Relief Organics was more of like a retail site.
Like you got a Best Buy to Buy laptop, you know, like that type of setup.
And this is just, you know, you drive traffic, squeeze page, sales page, up sales on the back ends type stuff.
And that's amazing, there's no fancy graphics on it.
This happened this real fast.
Oh no.
It's really simple.
And one of my wife and I, when we were talking about it, we said, how much are they doing?
Yeah.
Yeah, no, really?
Well, that's because the purpose of the site isn't to look cute and give away a lot of information.
I mean, it's to drive people to make a decision to give us their email address for a free lesson and then to purchase it.
So everything we're doing, we are guiding them and saying, okay, this is what we want you to do now.
So we're going to make this the whole page is going to be to sign up for your email address.
Before, who knows?
I mean, when they got to the website, they were probably like, well, so what do I do?
I guess I just had to buy something, but you know, and then they would leave.
This, I mean, even if they want to leave, I forget what our percentages are now.
Like our bounce rate's like 20%.
So, yeah.
No, our bounce rate.
So like 80% of the people are signing, 80% of the people that are going to our site are signing up to receive free lesson.
Wow.
So, yeah.
Since we added that pop up.
Yeah.
Yeah, Hussain.
I think you have to share your question.
You guys are showing how to make a pair of books.
Yes, informational product.
And so what are these people doing with their books?
Because it could potentially market, actually show people how to make money selling books.
One of our free, one of our bonuses is a e-book we found online that we paid like three bucks for, something like that to PLR.
Yeah, PLR product for them how to start their own craft business.
Not necessarily Bose, but just in general.
So, yeah, I mean, we've had people say that, oh, we're getting your course so we can, you know, so we can make them to sell them at flea markets or we can sell them at local craft fair or whatever.
So, we've got a huge positive response of people from just, you know, from using it to make money, as well as just using it and their kids, like sending us pictures with their kids, smiling and stuff.
I mean, it's something small, but it's rewarding because people are benefiting from it.
So the first thing to think about with that, is that start an entirely different business within your business.
So, if people are interested in selling that type of information now, you're kind of like a marketing business, you could potentially show them how to make their own wealth sites or make wealth sites for them so they can drive traffic there.
It's the whole difference.
Yeah, I mean, it could be.
We haven't really thought about pursuing it from that perspective, but it really will get me.
That would be good for birds.
Sure.
Yeah.
So one more question, I think you've gone.
Oh, sorry.
Okay.
Brett.
Yeah, what was your, when you were first started, what was your biggest source of traffic?
Where was your traffic from in the beginning?
There's two things probably.
Yeah, well, the number one right away, we used AdWords.
Like, that was the number one to like get quick traffic just to get started.
Because again, we were in the contest and we wanted to start up.
Also, video marketing for us has been huge and now blogs, other people's blogs.
Yeah, I mean, that's what I would say.
I would say, in the beginning, it was probably 50, 50, 50% of our traffic was coming from a video using, we were using Trafficizer.
And yeah, and also CBC.
All right, all right.
Thank you guys.
Awesome, give them a round of applause.
Thanks.
Okay, so does that get you guys excited at all?
Hopefully, hopefully, okay.
So first year to 96,000 and this, 94,000 and this year we're in July and what's your, what do you got right now?
It's close to 100.
Oh, we're 100.
It's about 100 and I just put her down a minute ago.
It's over 105.
It was like 105 or something, was it 102 or something?
Not bad for 15 minutes of work.
Okay, all right, so that's where I close.
Help you guys do that.
Does that sound good?
You all on board?
Awesome, okay.
All right, what we're gonna start talking about right now then we are gonna start talking about the underachiever process because this is the process they went through with us earlier.
Same process I wanna take you guys through, okay?
If you open your manual, page number 11, there's a picture of every guy named Sam Brennan.
Anybody heard of Sam Brennan?
Couple of you guys?
Nobody, okay.
So Sam Brennan, he lived in San Francisco during the gold rush days and he was a very smart entrepreneur and what happened is all these people out there were looking for gold and he said, huh, there's a market there.
So what he did is he went around, he went to every single business in San Francisco and bought all the shovels.
Took all the shovels back to his shop.
So he was the only person in San Francisco with shovels.
Then he got a little bit of gold, he walked in downtown streets of San Francisco and said, there's gold in the American River, there's gold in the American River.
You guys, people did.
Oh crap, there's gold.
Let's go dig it.
Come on, come on, come on.
Where's the shovels at?
So they went over to Sam Brennan's store, they bought all these shovels, went outside mining for gold and guess what?
Sam Brennan became the first millionaire in San Francisco's history.
Okay, there's a very powerful lesson to learn from here.
Were Zana Jen tying bows for people?
Or were they selling shovels to people?
Okay, who wants to be tying bows for life?
Who wants to be digging for gold all day long?
No, but none of you guys are digging for gold.
Okay, the moral of the story is that you want to learn about information marketing.
That's why it's so powerful because what we're doing is we're not digging for gold.
We are giving people shovels.
The shovels is where the money is at.
You can replicate with digging for gold, you're tying time to hours.
You're sitting out there and you're getting paid 10 bucks an hour, 50 bucks an hour, 100 bucks, 1,000 bucks an hour, how much money are you making? 1,000 bucks an hour, you're trading time for money.
As soon as you break out of that mindset and you start looking at information marketing, now you're not limited by time.
You can make as much money as you want.
They can be spending 15 minutes a day, but the website's up, it's selling for them around the clock, whether they're there, they're not, whether they're in the boysy, whether they're traveling in the Corvette.
That's the power of what we're gonna be talking about during this weekend.
So Sam Brannon's a great story and information marketing is what we're gonna be talking a lot about.
What I actually wanna talk about is that a lot of people think when we talk about the underachiever form, and this whole thing is like, that we're talking about being lazy, that's not the goal.
The goal of this whole thing is not to be lazy, it's to be able to understand that our goal in life is not to be working for the rest of our lives.
Which unfortunately most people don't get that.
The whole life you're like, what do you do for a living?
I'm a this, what do you do for a living?
I'm this.
Our whole life we're conditioned to think that whatever we do for a living is who we are.
And that's something we gotta start thinking about.
You gotta start thinking about what is it you wanna do?
Again, with Xan, it was coming back, I wanna be an actor.
For me it was I wanna start wrestling again.
So I built my wrestling gym.
Everyone's got some kind of passion, a reason why you're alive, reason why you're doing this stuff.
And if your reason to be in business is because you wanna be in business, like that's a sad, sad life.
So what I wanna talk to you guys about right now is figuring out what is your purpose, what is your reason, what's your thing that's gonna keep you going.
If you look on page number 12, I talk about two things.
First off is what dreams are gonna push you to success?
And secondly, what dreams are gonna pull you to success?
Okay, now pushing someone to success is what we talked about a little earlier, like I gotta get out of debt, oh I need to make some money, oh I need to cover my bills.
Okay, if you're in the diet, if you're trying to lose weight, oh I don't wanna look fat anymore, I don't wanna do this.
I don't wanna, I'm going swimming next week, I lose 15 pounds, like those are things that are pushing you, right?
If you notice when you get, when you have a motivation, it's pushing you what happens.
You get psyched up, you get motivated, you're ready, you go out there and you start pushing this thing, you start pushing it, you start pushing it.
Oh, I wanna don't it.
How many people have been on a diet and you lost like five pounds in like 20 minutes and then you're eating donuts like five minutes later?
Okay, because your motivation behind it is a pushing motivation.
You're pushing yourself up a hill, you're pushing yourself up a hill.
Okay, I just started a new diet again and my whole plan, this whole diet was I'm gonna do a pull strategy.
When instead of pushing, I gotta lose weight, I need to look better, whatever, I'm gonna do a pull strategy.
So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna find out what things do I like that are really, really healthy that I really, really like?
What are my favorite things?
Like avocados, I like tomatoes, I like bananas and apples and oranges and, anyway, if you ask anyone in my office since last week, if you're not seeing every single day, every two hours I walk in the fridge and I have a plate piled full of grapes and bananas and just write mangoes and just this amazing fruit, I put it down and I eat that all day long.
And then it gets empty, I go fill it back up and all day long I'm doing that and guess what?
All I'm doing all day long is eating fruits and vegetables.
I like them, I enjoy them, I get home at night, guess what?
I'm not craving all the stuff I normally crave.
Okay, and I'm home at night, we threw out all the crap out of our house, we bought a whole bunch of healthy food and it's right there and it's pulling me, it's like, oh, sweet, I can have an apple, oh, I can have a banana, oh, I can have some mangoes, I can have, and it's a pull strategy, okay?
Same thing with your business, like I think one of the reasons why these guys are so good is you look at their business, it wasn't like, okay, I gotta go to work now, okay, let's go figure out how to make some money so we can pay our bills.
It was like, hey, we're newly wed, this is a couple, this is a fun thing we're doing together, this is exciting, we're going after a Corvette, this is a fun thing, it becomes that kind of a mindset.
Okay, when you can structure and position it in your mind where it's a pull strategy, what are the things you want out of it?
It changes it so much versus a push, okay?
This is something I really want to focus on, so think about that, and obviously we're not gonna have time to really sit down and write down all your ideas, but when you're home tonight or this weekend, think about that, think about what are the things that are gonna pull me to success?
Is it spending time with my wife?
Is it, what is the thing that's gonna pull you?
When I first got started in this business, the reason why I got started, the sole reason is because I was wrestling at Boise State University, I'd just gotten married, we'd moved into an apartment, and guess what I found out?
You cannot survive, even in Boise, Idaho, on 9.15 hours, my wife was making 9.15 hour, and I had two choices, either figure out how to make some money, or you have to stop wrestling.
Okay, now there's very few things in this world that I like more in wrestling, and so I was like, I don't wanna quit wrestling, so I gotta figure this crap out, and I got out there and I started working and working to pull because I wanted to wrestle, I wanted to wrestle, and that's why it got me up and going.
I had a pull strategy, something that was more, it was bigger than just, I need some money to cover the bills, I need some extra money because I wanna go surfing next week.
Find out what those things are, because those are the things, if you can get those ideas and anchor them in your mind and put them out there in front of you, those are the things that are gonna pull you through the tough times, because this business, everyone sells this business and makes a million dollars overnight.
The reality is you gotta work really, really hard for two or three months, and then you make a whole bunch of money overnight.
Okay, how long do you guys have to work before you're making money?
About two or three months.
Two or three months, and how much time did you put in, do you think, each day?
I was working a full-time job, so I wasn't able to devote as much as I wanted to, so I would get home, you know, like seven, by the time I started working after eating all that stuff, it would be about eight to five and I would stay up between two or three in the morning and wake up at six or thirty and do work again.
Do you understand?
Two years, seven hours, you have 15, so a lot of work, okay?
Now I wanna talk about this for a minute, because I wanna talk about the mindset most people have, and I'm hoping you don't have this mindset, and so I'm gonna break it right now.
So when I was a boys' estate, going to school, in my senior year, I was in a creativity class.
Nick, were you in my class?
No, you weren't in my class.
I was in a creativity class, and it was never been a creativity class.
So anyway, you're supposed to have a project you're creative on, and you do have a presentation about how creative you are, so I'm like, all right.
So at the time I launched this website, it was called The Lost Files, it was my first membership site.
So people signed up, and they paid me $27 a month to be part of it.
So you launched this site, and the first month I had, I can't remember exact numbers, 200, 300 people that signed up for it, and they're paying $27 a month.
And my income was about $15,000 or $16,000 a month off this site, I was so excited.
And so I went into my creativity class, and that's what I presented.
I said, this is a creative idea I had, I launched this business, it's out of work, I mapped out the whole thing on the wall, and I showed everything, and my teacher, this little tiny Indian dude, he was like, just jumping around so excited, like, holy cow, this is so great, he's like, look in the class, you guys, you see what he's did?
He's made a business, he's making $15,000, $16,000 a month, and he built it in like, in two months, like this is the greatest thing in the world.
Do you guys have any questions for him?
And everyone's kind of sitting there, you know, half asleep, and this one kid sitting back in his chair, and he raised his hand, and I'm like, yeah, he's like, sounds good, but man, that sounds like a lot of work.
And I was like, are you kidding me?
I spent two months working really, really hard, now I have an income stream making me $15,000 a month, I don't do anything for.
You are gonna spend the rest of your life working nine to five, 40 hours a week at a horrible job that you hate, hoping to pull out $50,000, $60,000 a year.
Like, that's the reality, like, so you need to get through the mindset that this sounds like a lot of work, because it's not in the reality, in the grand scheme of things.
Yeah, you gotta put in some time, but after you get this up and running in structure, now you can go and spend your 15, 20 minutes a day, because you're just maintaining it, and making sure it keeps working, okay?
So make sure that's, make sure you guys have the right mindset from day one.
Okay, next thing I wanna talk about, this is a big roadblock for people, and I wanna smash this right now.
There's a big difference between having resources and being resourceful.
Okay, the words sound very similar, right?
Resources and resourceful.
When I had a chance, and I'll probably talk about this a little later, last summer, I got a call in July, I got a call from Tony Robbins' assistant.
You guys know who Tony Robbins is?
He's launching his reality show on Tuesday on NBC, so make sure you watch this, it's gonna be the greatest thing in the world.
So anyway, got a call from Tony Robbins' assistant, said, hey, Tony would love for you to come to Fiji and speak at his business master event, can you make it?
I was in a hotel with my wife at our anniversary in Atlanta, and I said, wait, wait, you want me to come to Fiji and to speak at Tony Robbins' event, and she was on the bed, like jumping around, say yes, say yes, say yes, and I'm like, I don't know how we can do it, but yeah, I'm there, count me in.
So it was a big headache.
But anyway, we got there, we got there to the event, and this is one thing Tony talked a lot about, was the difference between people having resources and being resourceful.
One of the biggest excuses I have why people aren't successful every single time is, I don't got any money, Russell.
I don't know how to do it on a website, I don't know how to do graphic design, oh, I don't know how to do this.
I don't have the what?
The resources, the talents, the abilities, that's the excuse to get over and over and over and over again, okay?
Now, what I want to do, I want to smash that quick, because that is the biggest bullcrap excuse that, I promise a lot of you guys are telling yourself right now and you're gonna tell yourself throughout this process, okay?
I don't have the resources, I don't have the money, I don't have the time, I don't have the whatever it is.
Everyone's got an excuse, okay?
And I tell you, that's all this is an excuse every single time.
Everyone of us, if it's important to us, we'll find time.
Do you guys not agree with that?
It's important you're gonna find time, you're gonna turn the TV off and you're gonna find some time.
Secondly, you don't have any money, there's ways to get money, there's ways to do things without money.
What I'm talking about is being resourceful.
Now, when I first got started, I was in the same situation, I was going to college, I was wrestling, making $0 an hour, my wife was working, making $9.50 an hour, it didn't cover our payments, like we were just, I didn't have any money at all.
So I got online, I was like, I need to figure out how to make some money.
I bought this course, I was telling Dave about this earlier today, I bought this course, paid $500 for it, the course was good, it didn't give me what I was hoping for, I was just like, crap, I just paid $500, my wife's gonna find out any day now, and I gotta figure something out now.
This is deadline we gotta do it.
So I went online and people who bought this course, they set up a little forum for all the people who bought this course, I went in the course, said, anyone else out there making money with this thing?
And everyone's like, no, you, no, no.
Like, crap, no one's making money with this thing, I'm screwed.
So I posted on it, I'm like, look, this is the deal.
I'm broke, it's all my money, I got an idea, this is my idea.
And I have no way to fund it, I have no idea how I'm gonna do it, but this is my idea, I think it's a good idea.
What do you guys think?
And I got all these people saying, that's a great idea, that's a great idea, like probably hundreds of people, maybe 100, 150 people said, great idea, great idea, I'm like, okay, cool, so I'm stuck.
And most people stop right there, right?
Well, great idea, I'm out of money, let's go home.
I got stuck there, I was like, crap, I gotta figure it out.
So I went back to that forum and I said, okay, this is the deal, I'm broke, I spent my last penny on this, but I think it's a good idea, you guys think it's a good idea, this is all I'm gonna do.
If you will send me $100, you'll be partners with me on this business.
And have everyone people send us $100, we'll go in there, we'll collect it, we'll get a pool of money, and we'll build this idea.
I was like, you guys in for that?
And a bunch of people like, I had over 100 people, yeah, I'm in, I'm in, I'm in, I'm in, I'm like, huh.
So I sent an email, I put up a PayPal button, I'm like, okay, if you're in, here's a PayPal button, go spend $100 with business partners.
I had 52 people go to that site, spend $100, I got $5,200, and I had my budget to go and start programming my site, okay?
Resourcefulness, not resources.
Next story I wanna tell you, Telman Knudson, anyone here ever to Telman Knudson has a big multi-million dollar business right now.
When I first met him, he came to me, he had an idea, and I thought it was a bad idea, I told him no.
But regardless, he didn't listen to me, luckily.
I keep telling people that I have bad ideas and they actually work.
He went out there and he was the same thing, completely broke, probably 20, 30 bucks is the account, and he had no money, he said, look, I know I need a programmer, I need a website designer, I need someone to write copy, I got no money, so, but I got an idea.
He had an idea, he went to like 20 or 30 designers, said I got an idea, I can't pay you, but if you partner with me, we'll be partners on this.
Person after person, nope, nope, nope.
One guy's like, sure I'll do it, boom, got someone to design the entire website for free.
They're starting to go out there, okay, I need a programmer.
I don't know how to program, all I know is I need programs for asking people, I got this idea, I have no money, but do you wanna work for free and we'll be partners on this?
And like, no, no, no, no, 10, 20, 30, 30, no one guy's like, sure I'll do it, boom, he's got his programmer.
Went out there, same thing to the copywriter, got the entire thing, built a whole team of people, just off of the fact that I got an idea, I've got a good idea, this might make money, it might not, but are you in?
And they said, yeah, they all put in their resources, he launched a business his first year to $800,000 and now it is about six or $7 million a year off with his business.
That's how he's launched his business, okay?
I don't have the resources, but did he stop?
No, he said that, I gotta find out a way.
Okay, have you ever heard of Kenneth Cole, big company?
I'm gonna slaughter this story, but the concepts, the concepts are the same.
So Kenneth Cole's starting this shoe company, right?
They were gonna have Kenneth Cole's shoes.
I think these might be, I don't even know.
Okay, so Kenneth Cole's starting this shoe company, right?
And he goes out there and he wants, there's this big trade show that happens once a year with all the shoe people coming to see him.
He comes in and he's like, I want a booth.
And they're like, okay, it's $18,000 for a booth.
He's like, well, I don't have enough money for a booth.
And he's like, well, what can I do?
Okay, now the reality is most people, in the $18,000 for a booth, they're like, crap, I'm out.
And they walk away, maybe an extra of money, right?
That's when most people stop, right?
Kenneth Cole's a smart guy, so I'm not gonna take that guy fair and other ways.
He said, hey, how about I can get a street cart and put it out in front of the event, so people can come in to see my booth outside the event.
So he said, okay, so they went down to the city and asked the city council, say, can I just rent a street car and put it outside in front of the building and then people can come see it.
And they're like, no, you can't.
It's against this permit, this permit, this permit.
Now what would most people do at that point?
All right, sweet, I'm out, next year maybe I'll have money and leave.
Kenneth Cole wasn't, he was persistent.
He came back and said, there's nobody in this city that's allowed to have a street car outside.
There are, there's only one kind of company that's allowed to have a street car and that's a movie production company.
They can have a street car in the city.
He said, all right, I'll be right back.
Walked across the street, walked into a stationary store and said, this is my company, it's called Kenneth Cole.
I need to change it to Kenneth Cole Productions.
I need 15 business cards.
They printed out 15 business cards, said Kenneth Cole Productions, he walked back across the thing, he said, I am starting, we just launched a new company.
It's called Kenneth Cole Productions, we're in a movie studio, we're gonna be filming a big movie thing here, the thing, and they rolled him a permit.
He went and got a 40 foot trailer put out right in front of the whole thing.
Boom, sit down in front of this entire, the entire shoe convention.
He got models to come in and model for free form, shoes and stuff, acting like it was like a movie theater and people coming in and was able to have the biggest booth in the entire thing and as you know, Kenneth Cole is a huge, huge, huge billion dollar company right now.
Resources versus resourcefulness.
This isn't something we need to ingrain in your guys' brains because so many times people stop with, I don't got the resources, I don't got the resources.
If you do that, you're gonna fail.
If you say, look, how can I be resourceful, what can I do, that's how you push through those things and how you can make this work.
The next thing, even with that said, a lot of times you're gonna get stuck like, well okay that's cool but I don't know what to do.
Good news for all you guys here, I don't know how to design a website.
I don't know how to do graphic design.
I don't know programming.
I kind of can do some copywriting a little bit and that's about my skill set, okay?
But we make millions of dollars a year online, okay?
So that should be good news for you guys.
Zad, how good are you designing websites?
Awesome, he sucks.
So if you guys, who here sucks designing websites?
Who here sucks designing websites?
Okay, you guys have some hope for you then, that's a good thing.
What I found is that most people, they get in this business and they look at it completely wrong.
Okay, if you're gonna start a construction company, what do you do?
You hire a contractor, the contractor does a million things, okay?
Everyone gets in the internet business, okay, I'm in the internet business.
I can design a website.
I gotta learn SEO, I gotta learn this.
Get in this process, I have to learn everything, okay?
What happens?
They keep learning, they learn this, they learn this, they learn this.
And I cannot tell you how many of our students have come through here and they fight me on things.
I'm like, this is how you do it.
And they're like, oh, I read, I was listening to someone's blog over here and he said this and over here, this guy says this.
What about keyword density?
I'm just like, are you freaking kidding me?
The one thing that, I don't know if you has heard this which was beautiful, is I said look, all we did is listen to Russell because we followed the system and it worked.
Okay, now I don't care if you listen to me or one of the other gurus, everyone's got a system that works, just pick one and stick with it and ignore everybody else because the worst thing you do is like trying to do 10 different people's things at once.
Pick one of them, I don't care if it's me or someone else, pick one and follow it because their systems work but there's gonna be, there's not always a right or wrong.
Sometimes two things can work, two things can be good.
So don't get stuck in that.
Anyway, where was I going with that?
As you guys are noticed, I'm so ADD, I'm gonna go off on these rants like here and here and back and forth.
I'm hoping eventually that we get to the right destination at the end of this and if not then I apologize for wasting your time.
Okay, so getting things done.
Again, it's important to know that your job in this business is not to be the guy that's doing everything.
Your role in this business is to be the person who knows how to outsource and get people to do everything.
You're looking at yourself as the contractor.
As soon as you look at yourself as a webmaster, now you're saying I'm a plumber, I gotta go figure out how to install pipes.
You don't wanna be the plumber in your business.
You wanna be the contractor, sits at the top and points to people and tells them to do things.
Ask anyone in my office, all you gotta do is sit there and point at people.
People are like Russell, you're useless, you don't do anything.
I'm like I know but I'm good at pointing at people.
That's what you wanna be, it's the contractor in your business pointing at people.
So you need to find either, tell them to find a team or hire a team but you're just outsourcing things to get things done.
After today, you're hoping to know all the pieces and things you need but I'm gonna show you here on page 13, these are the places you can go to get stuff done for you.
You're here, it says where to get things done.
The first thing is WordPress Fusion.
This is one of our companies we're launching where we actually created your website, your squeeze page, your blog for you for about a thousand bucks.
So that's one way to do it.
Next one is a site called odesk.com.
Odesk is an outsourcing site that's really, really powerful.
You go in there and you say, hey, I need help setting up my website.
I got a website, I don't know anything else.
I'm stuck at this point, please help me.
And people come in and say I'll do it for 50 bucks.
I'll do it for 20 bucks.
You're like sweet, here's 20 bucks, go do it.
When I got really good in college, I'm gonna tell myself here.
I feel bad because I got some of my college buddies here.
So if anyone's curious how I got my stunning 2.1 GPA, let me tell you the secret behind it.
I didn't do a lot of, I was so busy with wrestling in my business and school, I didn't have time to spend a lot of time doing the actual work.
When I found out about sites like Odesk and Scriplance and Renacoder, I found out there are people all over the world way smarter than me, way smarter than me.
People who have written novels and books and for 100 bucks, they'll write an entire English paper for you.
Better than you could ever dream about.
I have programmers, I have a computer information systems degree, okay?
And anyone here thinks I know anything about programming?
Okay, I got a degree in it though, which is awesome.
But I don't know anything about programming at all.
But I had a guy named Doral in Romania, I used to hire, and another guy named Sipri, and depending on what type of programming language we were doing, and I'd pay him 20, 30 bucks to do the homework assignment, he should give it to me.
I turned it in, I can add the homework assignment, I take the test and I get a D, and guess what that average is out to be? 2.1 GPA.
That's the secret to school, okay?
So, and I think teachers should actually reward students and people based on that because in the real world, you seriously, like, if you have an employee, I'm like, hey, I need you to code something and they're like, okay, let me go learn code real quick.
Like, is that the way the world functions?
No, go find the guy that knows code, hire him to get it done, that's the way the world functions, that's the way teachers should reward students.
That's how I rationalize my carousel behavior.
Did you have a question or a comment?
Remember seeing me in class?
I actually do in class as well, and I think you should have like four times.
I remember thinking, what if you were doing something that you kept progressing up, like you never showed in class, right?
He gets A's in all the papers and F's in all the tests.
Well, yeah, teachers at the programming side, they're like, I don't get it.
You A's the paper, you failed the test, how does this work?
I'm like, I'm bad test taker, I freak out under pressure.
And they're like, all right, I get it.
Anyway, okay, so, ODesk, 99designs, if you need a cool logo created, you go to 99designs.com, you post the thing up there and you'll get designers from all around the world.
What's cool is just that it's like a reward system.
I'll pay 300 bucks for a cool logo and you'll get 800 designers from around the world, all design logos, and you pick just the one you want and just pay the one guy.
So it's a cool place to get logos done.
Craigslist is a great place to hire people online jobs at phd.rehirepeopleinthePhilippines, content divas, the traffic services.
The main ones you wanna know, that I put script plants on here?
Script plants.
Script plants and ODesk are my two favorite for everything.
So if you get stuck in any, anytime you're working on this business, you're like, I can't figure out how to do this next thing.
That is the keyword for you guys to say, okay, I can't figure out how to do the next thing.
I'm gonna go to ODesk or Script Lants, I'm gonna hire someone to do it for me.
Okay, and a lot of times, when I first started, like, one of the wrestlers at Workforce, they were trying to set up a website and he's like, I'm so stuck on this part and when I used to get stuck, I would go and I literally say, okay, this is the deal.
I cannot figure out for the life of me how to get this.
I know that I go to people's pages and the site looks like this and when they click on it, the thing starts downloading and I don't know how to get that to work.
When I'm gonna do that, I don't want someone to do this, I want someone to explain to me how it works.
I'll pay you five bucks, get online with me for 15, 20 minutes and just walk me through the process of how to do this so I can do it in the future.
I get guys in India who five bucks is like, six months worth of work for them.
They pay me five bucks and spend like four, five, six hours of me online, show me how to do this task and finally make sense how to do it.
Or I can say, hey, for 10 bucks, just do it for me.
You can literally for five to 10 bucks, get through any roadblock that you're ever gonna have online.
And I promise you, roadblocks are always gonna be technical.
That's the things that always people get hooked up on.
If you get good at these sites, Odess and ScriptLens, going out there and posting it, you get people to do these tasks for you.
And we have read the four hour work week.
You guys know, I don't encourage my team to read this, this is the reason why.
First half of the book, he's talking to entrepreneurs, this is how you run your business.
Now if you're an employee, this is what I recommend you do.
Ask your boss if you can work from home, step number one.
After he says yes, go home and hire two people in the Philippines, pay them to do your job and go do whatever you want after that.
He's like, they'll do a better job than you.
And guess what?
Right now I'm making a thousand bucks a month, let's say I pay this guy 200 bucks a month, now I'm not only making 800 bucks a month, but I'm doing whatever I want.
I have my own businesses, I have all this stuff going.
Okay, that's the reality is you start just hiring people, building a team.
We used to do these workshops.
We, a lot of times, I would have everyone, I said tonight, in fact, we should do this tonight, because this would be a good thing.
This is everyone's homework, so write this down, put a big star by this, because if you do this once, you're gonna get addicted to it and you see how easy it is.
I want you guys all to go to ScriptLance.com, you see over there on page 13, ScriptLance.com.
You set up an account, it's gonna take you five minutes, you know, you create an account, send an email, you confirm the email, and you got an account.
When you go on there, I want you to say, this is my new company I'm launching, its name is just Makeup Something, and I need a logo designed for it.
You guys all probably shouldn't do the exact same word for it, because it's gonna be really confusing, it's like 80 people that have the same project.
But something along those lines, I need something to do a logo for me, and I'm gonna pay five bucks for it, I want it to look like this guy's logo, and just end the project, say you're gonna pay five bucks for it, and watch what happens.
Within five, 10, 15 minutes, you're gonna get people submitting logos to you, and if you want something to install a script for you, or set up, whatever it is, you just need people to start posting and posting, people that are hungry for work all around the world, who are working for 50 cents, a dollar an hour, who will do insane amounts of work for you.
We hire programmers with master's degree in programming for two or three bucks an hour, and you get these guys to do your work for you, do the sticking point you're stuck at, they'll do that for you.
Now, if you do this once, you're gonna get addicted to it, it's the greatest thing, so make sure you do it once, that's the thing I'm gonna ask you tomorrow, to make sure you did it.
One of my friends one time, he had spent two years studying it in a marketing, six months trying it in a marketing, still hadn't made a single penny online, and I kept telling him, dude, just go on ScriptLands and just post a project, and see, have someone do it, and he just was scared to do it, he was so scared, and six months, and he just told me, just go do it, go do it, go do it.
Finally, one night he went and he posted this project online, and we actually were sharing an office at the time, it was in the basement of my duplex, and I'm like, okay, I'm going to bed, do your good luck, and I go to bed, next morning I come back down the stairs, and he's still sitting there, like red eyes, same clothes, things like, oh, bad.
And he's sitting there typing, like crazy, and I'm like, what's going on?
He's like, I posted a project, this guy named Vladimir in the Ukraine signed up, and I paid him 15 bucks, he finished the project already, and then I started this other idea for a product, and launched this one, he had like 15 products being developed simultaneously, he had a guy doing graphics, he had a guy programming, all these things happening, and he was just like, this is the greatest thing in the world, he ended up launching like 15 products next month and a half, and started making, guess what, a whole bunch of money online.
If you learn how to use this outsourcing site, it liberates you and will free you, and it'll get rid of all your excuses, if I don't have the resources to do it.
You can literally pay someone a dollar, Liz Roberts isn't here, if you sit here, she's been walking around, she's one of our students, and she does about 30, 40 grand a month, every single month on the site she has, and it's so funny, because she's got six or seven girls in the Philippines who just do all the work for, and she sits back and she travels, and she texted me yesterday, I'm gonna be in Boise tomorrow, I'm like, all right, just randomly flying around, she spent four days last month in her house, so that's why she's just traveling around, she's got her six people to just do all this work for, she goes to the seminars, she gets a good idea, she's like, oh, that's a good idea, she emails her girls in the Philippines, hey, Russell talked about this, and there's some book over here, go read it and just do it to my business, and then she goes on to another vacation, and she's got these girls just building her whole business for, okay, it's important for you guys to understand that this is how work gets done in today's world, it's not me going out there and doing everything, it's saying, okay, I need someone to pay him two, three bucks an hour, and they can do it for me, like, so Liz's average person right now, her high-end people, she pays $500 a month, okay, that's four 40-hour weeks, that's 400 hours for $500 a month, that's a little more than a dollar an hour that she's paying these people, and she's got a whole team out there working for, okay, I don't have resources, this is a dollar, it's $2 for crying out loud, anyone can do it, okay.
Next question, what do you outsource?
Graphic design, webmaster services, programming, anything techie, customer support, writing, link building, accounting, questions, homework, everything.
Only things you should be doing are stuff that you really like doing, okay, if you like doing something, then like, okay, I really enjoy that, there's parts of my business I like, I can get people who are way cheaper that I really enjoy those things, and it feeds me, it gets me excited, so I do those, but outside of that, I shouldn't be doing things.
Ronald Graham said, the less I do, the more I make, and that's true, because so many people get so in like, I gotta do this, I gotta do this, and they become control freaks, and nothing ever gets done because they gotta do everything.
The structure, the less I do, the more I make, that's the right direction you wanna go with.
Okay, okay, one other thing I wanna talk about.
And this is literally the only value I think I got out of my five years of college, I'm pretty sure.
So who's been through at least five years of college or more for those who are, okay, do you guys remember like the one valuable thing you got?
This is the one thing I got, and I remember it was like my first year at Boise State, I think you were in that, it was economics, you were in my economics class.
Yeah, they had a big epiphany that one day, I'm glad I showed up that day actually.
So I'm sitting there in class, and he starts talking about opportunity costs.
Everyone here knows the concept of opportunity costs.
And I'm sitting there first, I'm just kinda paying attention, all of a sudden like the light bulb goes off my head, and he said opportunity costs.
The opportunity cost is the cost, how does it even work?
I paid really good attention apparently.
So, the value, perfect, the value what you're giving up.
So I can go to work all day, and I can work on this task, but opportunity costs is what I could have done with that time if I had put it somewhere else.
I got that, I was like, huh, it's interesting.
So I first built this business first time, and this is right before I learned about outsourcing, I went on and I said, I need a cool website, and I saw this guy had a cool website, so I went and I found some graphic design software, and I set it up, and then I started like trying to do graphic design, then I went and found images, I bought these images, and I tried, and like literally probably five, six days of time I spent, and I built this banner, I'm like, oh, this is awesome, look at my banner.
And it was ugliest sin first off, but I was really proud, because I spent so much time with it.
And I remember I put it out there, and then I went online, and I started looking for people, for some examples of banners, and I found this guy's site, and you create my whole, it was like a header graphic.
And for 100 bucks, who would do your entire header graphic, your e-code, everything else, it was 100 bucks, or $97, and I was like, huh, and I don't have 97 bucks, but again, so I'm the only one that did behind my wife's back, and when I got the 97 bucks, and for the same side I just designed, I was like, honestly, if you can do better than me, because I'm pretty good, I thought I was pretty good.
Paid this guy 97 bucks, he came back within like an hour and a half, and the entire site made boom, and it was like the most beautiful, amazing thing in the world.
I was like, crap, that's awesome, and I started thinking, I started calculating my head, I said, okay, I spent three days on that, probably 12 to 15 hours a day, so let's say it's 15 hours a day times three, that's 45 hours I spent on that.
Now let's just say, let's just say that I value my time at minimum wage, which is what now, six bucks an hour?
Seven bucks an hour?
Okay, seven bucks an hour, let's say I value my time at minimum wage, so seven bucks an hour took me 45 hours, how much money did that cost me to do?
What's 45 times seven, who's our mathematicians?
What was it? $315, so $315, if I was to pay myself minimum wage, what it cost me to design my banner.
Plus the opportunity cost of all the crap I could have been doing during that time, okay?
I thought, this guy paid 97 bucks, in an hour he came back, 10 times better, I could ever even dream of doing it, and it was done.
And I had that, it was my big aha moment, like dang, this is so stupid that I am so tight in this, and I know so many of my friends and family members who get tied in this where they're just like, like they have rental properties, and they're making a lot of money on rental properties, but guess what, they go and mow the lawns themselves.
I'm like, dude, you can pay a kid 20 bucks to mow the lawn, why are you mowing the lawn?
Well, I gotta mow the lawn, cause I'll make sure it looks good.
Pay that guy 30 bucks, he's gonna make it look just shining, like think about the value of your time, most people do not put a value on the time, so I wanna go through the exercise real quick.
It's a very simple exercise, first thing I need to think about is what do you personally value your time at?
Now if you've got a job right now, it's really easy if you've got a number, because what is your employer paying you?
If they're paying you 10 bucks an hour, then your time is valued at 10 bucks an hour, that's the value you're putting on it right now, that's what you're trading for right now.
If you're making 100 bucks an hour, making 1000 bucks, everyone's got a dollar amount in your head, so figure it out real quick, when you're right on what's the dollar amount you had, what do you value your time at?
If you value it a million bucks, but someone's paying you 100 bucks for it, put 100 bucks down, what's the actual value of your time right now?
Okay, let's write that down, think about it for a second here.
Now after you have that number, that's your magic number, what you wanna do is start thinking about things in that way.
So okay, I can go on here, I can design my website, it's taking me six hours.
It's six hours times that number I just made up right now, can I get something to do it for cheaper, or it's cheap as?
We made it a little bit more, but they're gonna do a nicer job and now I have time to spend the six hours doing something else.
That's how you start judging your time, what you shouldn't be doing, okay?
You find someone that, again, especially coming down to prices like in the Philippines and stuff, you're paying people dollar, two dollars, three dollars an hour, it's very rare that you can find, you can get this stuff done yourself.
How much do you pay your Indians right now that are doing your website stuff, an hour?
It depends on, I mean, it is.
Is it not Indians, is that politically incorrect?
Yeah, I think so.
All right, I got some giggles on my, oh crap.
The people from India.
Yeah, it's Indians, right?
Yeah.
I'm gonna get shot by someone here, someone's offended.
Okay, so I apologize in advance if I offend anyone this weekend, Ken.
I mean, we pay on average 15, but most of the time we... 15 an hour?
Yeah, but we're using a pretty good bid, so I mean, we pay in the 15.
Cool.
So you're from FAP?
Yeah, we're from FAP, we have a relationship with them now, so we just, we trust them with all of our stuff.
Yeah, awesome.
So what I recommend doing is when you're gonna hear your outsourcing, go out there and test a lot of people.
I used to use, because I'm paying 10 bucks for a project, I'd test two people and have both the exact same projects to which one comes back best.
And as soon as you find something that you work really well with and they're good, that's when you wanna lock them up, because there's a lot of crap out there.
I probably went through 50 or so programmers before I met Doral, who's my first programmer, and I hired him and locked him in, and I started paying him 100 bucks a week and he was the richest kid in Romania.
And that's what happened.
So you're gonna find people that suck, but just realize that that guy's really bad, that guy's good, but you're gonna find people you like that jive with you, that communicate well with you, and lock those people up, because then you wanna keep them close to you.
Anyway, does that help you guys hopefully?
Like, if you see my, this is my website design skills, and you can ask our designers upstairs, like this is, and people in my office, this is what it usually is.
This is the process I go through.
In fact, I'll show you my first product next, what we did, I go ahead and say, okay, I want a website like this, and I want a cool header like this, and I want like the logo right here, and then I want some squiggly's over here, and then over here there should be like, I don't know, just like a thing right here, and then it should look like this, and then that's what it's gonna look like.
And then if the guy's in America, I just show it to him, if he's not, I take my iPhone, I take a snapshot of that, I email it to him, and then I'm like, that's what I want.
Like, that's really how it works.
Now my first product I ever created, this is like my very, very first project, it was called Zip Brander, and this was an idea I had, and I was like, this is a multi-million dollar idea, I was so excited about it.
I'm not gonna try to explain it to you guys, because it's not that cool, but I had the idea, and I went to like a US based, usually a programming company, and this is a project, and they quoted me $5,000 to create it.
I was like, $5,000, okay, for me that was more money that I've ever even dreamed of.
My wife was making 9.50 an hour, I'd never had a job in my life, and I was just like, $5,000, my wife's gotta go to work for a long time to pay for that bill.
So at first I was like, oh, and I kinda walked away, like that was, there was, I don't have the resources.
Now a little while later, when I learned about outsourcing sites, took the same project, posted it on ScriptLance.com, posted it up there, and this is like, this is really my project description, in case you're curious.
It was on a piece of blind paper, I just drew it like that, Zip Brander, I wanna look like this, and there's gonna be a button here, and when I click on this button, it's gonna go to pages like this, and this is, you know, it goes to page two, and then page two would be this, and I just have like five or six pages, I just rip in a pen, and I took little pictures of it, and that's what I sent to the, I posted on the site, and that's as sophisticated as my project management skills are as a programming project manager, okay?
Went out there, and I posted it on ScriptLance, and I had people from all around the world bidding, the first guy came in and he bid like 500 bucks, and I was like, that's 10 times cheaper than the Americans, the next guy came in, I'll do it for 150 bucks.
I'm like, heck yeah, dude, this is awesome, next I came in, hit it going down, down, and finally I got this guy named Zip Brander, and Romania bid $20 on the project, and I thought, I got 20 bucks, my wife will not even know about it, so I went in there, paid this guy 20 bucks, and he came back, and within like a day and a half, he gave me the software, and it worked perfectly, $20 it cost, same thing that the American guys quoted me, $5,000 bucks, $20, I was so excited, I actually went and found another $100, I gave him that $100 bonus, so $120 cost me for this first product, and that was my first product I ever had.
Went out there, similar process, I went there and launched it, the very first month, I think it was like $1,200 in sales, second month it was $3,000, third month it was $5,000, and that's how I got, that was the whole beginning of how I got started on this business, and there I was like, this is awesome, but learning how to use outsourcing sites, this is, I can't tell you how important this is, it's so funny, because I have my friends, come up to me and they're like, hey Ross, I know you know a lot about computers and websites, like can you do this?
I'm just like, I don't know anything about computers or websites, like my parents are like, hey Ross, can you come fix this thing?
I'm like, no, I don't know how to fix that kind of stuff, like if I get stuck, I call, I post on this thing, this kind of Romania comes, he logs on my computer, and he fixes it, and it's like, it's great.
That's the kind of mindset you guys need to get into, because again, if you guys are building this business, you're gonna fail this business, okay?
There's too many things going on involved, there's too many things involved, there's too much stuff happening, don't look at that.
All you need to do, your goal here is the entrepreneur, you guys are the entrepreneurs in your business, your goal is to say, look, this is the vision, this is what needs to happen, you need to understand how it works, but you don't need to be able to do it, you need to understand it, so I can say, okay, guy over here, I need a graphic, first thing, like you guys know the process now, they've been through this process, they know I need a website template, boom, they pay 100 bucks to the website template, they're gonna do a whole process, and I need this, and they walk through this process, and they know it.
If we outsource everything.
The whole process.
Yeah, I mean, yeah.
Awesome.
You did nothing.
Even the knowledge of it, and we didn't have it in the game, but we outsource that to...
Yeah, you can outsource the actual product development, perfect case study, perfect example, okay?
But that's, I don't know, I just, if you guys understand how to start testing, and start doing that, that's the process to be successful with this business.
Any questions about outsourcing at all?
Yeah.
I think people who work here on outsourcing that work well, because they know they're Sunday goals, and they do, they help average with everybody that works out, right?
I hired all those guys though.
All the good ones, I lock them up.
If they're good, I've never had a success like with a company really.
I always find like just one-off individuals through Scripplants and Odesk, and as soon as I find them good, I just offer them a job.
I give them an offer that's on arrow, they say, is the Godfather say?
Offer they can't refuse?
I said, for Doral, it was a hundred bucks a week, and he was just like, yeah, and I'm like, a hundred bucks a week, I can afford that.
And I had my own full-time programmer with a master's degree in programming working for me.
How nice is that when you just tune the morning, and you're like, I can't figure this out.
You text him, hey dude, can you do this today?
Oh sure, boom, done in two seconds.
Biggest headaches off your plate, a hundred bucks a week.
It's literally how this whole business works.
So what I wanna recommend to you guys doing is, going out there, start trying to find your team of people, because again, you're not supposed to, you're not gonna be the person that does all this stuff.
I've got two or three designers I really like, and I always hire from all my projects now.
I've got two or three, a lot of them I'm hiring in-house now, but two or three guys over here, but go out there and say, because the people you need for this business, let me just make, this might be useful.
The people you're gonna need, first thing you need is someone who is like a designer.
A designer that make things look really, really pretty.
Now a lot of people get, designers and programmers confused.
Two completely different mindsets, right brain, left brain.
And I was frustrated, I hired Doral and he did the program, he said, hey, it works, now make it look good.
He's like, it is broken or maybe I think it was cursing at me.
I'm like, make it look good, this guy said make it look like that.
And he's just like, I don't know how to do it.
I got numbers, I know algorithms, that's what I'm good at.
And I was so frustrated and finally I was like, I realized it's a different mindset, right brain, left brain.
So designer, really good at designing stuff.
They make it look really, really good.
Second person is a programmer.
This is the techie nerdy guys, and you all know who I'm talking about, who can make all this stuff actually happen and put together.
Okay.
And then you need someone here, who's usually creative, which can be writing, copy, all that stuff we're gonna talk about, the creative type person.
And a lot of times, it's like entrepreneurs a lot of times take that role.
So if you're in your business, like you're the business owner, but like you are gonna become one of your own employees.
Like, and if you're a designer, I can't be designer, I need to get a programmer and an entrepreneur in here, someone to be creative.
When I was at Tony's event, he went through this process, maybe he kind of laughed, there's like a four or five hour long process you do with all these big business people.
People making tens of millions of dollars.
And he sat down in this process, he said basically there's three types of people in the business.
There's the artist, there is the entrepreneur, and there's the manager.
So the problem is everyone who owns their own business, I think they're the entrepreneur, but the reality is most of us are not the entrepreneur.
But we think we are because, hey, I'm starting a business, I'm an entrepreneur.
Okay, but there's different mindset from different ways people function.
He said, you understand, there's again, an artist, an entrepreneur, and a manager.
He went through this whole process, I think everyone understand what role they should be playing in their own business.
People were crying, if you've ever been at Tony Robbins, and people were crying, it's like this big emotional deal.
But it was interesting because people who thought, I'm an entrepreneur, started saying, wait a minute, I'm not an entrepreneur, I'm an artist.
That wasn't my big a haze when I was in Fiji was, I always thought, hey, I'm an entrepreneur.
Okay, I'm not an entrepreneur, but I'm not the entrepreneur, I'm an artist.
Like what I enjoy is this, I enjoy the creative.
That's why I have like 8,000 products upstairs, half of them in themselves, because I'm so excited about creating stuff.
Like I'm the creative guy, and that's what I enjoy.
And it took me a long time to actually convince myself that I was the artist, that that's what it is.
But as soon as I understood that, I said, okay, now I need to surround myself with these other kind of people.
The people is gonna be the manager, the people are gonna be doing this part, this part.
It's very important for you to understand what your talents and your weaknesses are.
If you know that, it's easier now, you just surround yourself with people who fill all the gaps.
Okay, so as I said, I'd go on and try to find a designer program, and again, what I do is by doing a little mini test.
Okay, I need a logo design.
Go to one of these sites, get a logo design if it looks good, hire the person, not paying the five bucks, and find someone else.
Have a simple programming thing.
Say, I need someone to go on my website and put up a little script that, some types of name, click submit, it emails me what they submitted.
And boom, now you test a couple guys out, you pay them five, 10 bucks, and you say, hey, this guy, I like the way he works.
I really get along with this guy, this guy's horrible.
You know what I mean?
But it makes the process sped up.
Okay.
All right.
And now let's jump into more.
Any other questions about all the source before I move on?
Okay, is that gonna get you guys excited, hopefully?
Hopefully, my goal with that is to hopefully take off some of the shackles of like, crap, this is really cool, but man, there's a lot of work to do.
Like, if you take off those shackles and start focusing, hey, what's my idea?
Who do I need?
Where's my team?
What do I need to do?
And again, it could be, I need to pay this guy, or I have no money, let me partner with this guy and give him a percentage when I make off it.
Or, you know, whatever it is like that.
Okay, now I wanna talk to you guys through about, if you start on page 14, where I'm gonna walk you guys through the process of getting a successful underteavers style website up.
Okay.
My goal with this, again, we're gonna talk later on today about, like, you know, how to maximize this and monetize and make a whole bunch of money.
My goal is make this very, very simple to start off with.
Yeah.
Sorry, back up here, how would you outsource like doing an Ask Campaign?
I have no idea how to do anything like that.
If you got an idea and you think it's a good idea, but if it's anything like, a lot of the ideas I've had, you know, it's my own, in my own mind, it was the greatest idea, but for everybody else it was just like, whatever.
I'll walk you through the process of how to do an Ask Campaign and that might help.
So, we'll see.
If not, then re-ask it after.
Okay, so, again, this is the process, anyone should be going through when they're starting their web business.
And again, if you're an MLM guy, if you're a chiropractor, a realtor, I'm gonna talk after this how info products tie into all of those, but this is how to create a basic info product.
Okay, there's three step formula on page number 14.
And most people do this backwards.
The reason why Xanogen are successful is because they did this the right way.
Okay?
Step number one, find a hot market.
I cannot tell you how many of these meetings I've sat through where people come in and they're so excited about this thing that they're so excited about.
And I'm just like, I do it anyway with these guys, but they haven't done any research, they do the research and they're like, I don't know, I feel bad.
I'm not gonna tell anyone person's name, but they came through and they're really excited about selling how to camp stuff to scout masters.
Okay?
That was the market, he was so excited, because he was a scout master, he was so excited because this is the process.
And he was so excited about it, he was blinded by everything else because he was so excited, this product was gonna be good.
The first step in this process, you need to find out if the market's actually hot.
I'm gonna talk about the process, do that here in a minute, but that's the first step.
Step number two, again, these guys did this perfectly, you don't go say, okay, this market's hot, make it a product, go.
You need to find out what the market wants to make your job so much easier if you know what they want before you sell them something.
We always work backwards in our minds, unfortunately.
We're always like, hey, this is the market, this is what they wanna buy, and you build it and you're like, buy this crap.
And they're like, no, I don't want it.
And you're like, so find out in this step number two, again, find out what they want, and the step number three is very simple, give it to them.
That sound difficult to anybody here?
Xanogen, let me tell you the process they went through.
They found a market, Heroboes is really, really good.
Here's all the data, I think we make six figures a year off it.
This is a hot market.
Step number two, they set up a campaign, I'm gonna talk about an Ask campaign, they asked people, what do you guys want?
People came back and said, we want this, we want this, we want this, we want this, we want this, this is awesome, awesome, awesome, awesome.
Went to their neighbor, they want this.
Here's the video camera, go.
And then she talked about it, now they just created what these people want, she's coming back, here you go, that's what you wanted.
Okay, who here is like people that they're manager over employees?
Okay, I guess all the time I'm like, hey, this is what I need, they're like, oh, that's what I do.
Like, okay, it pisses me off because you know they're lying to you, like this one guy used to work for us.
And I'm like, I need a guy that can do this, this, this, and this for me, he's like, that's what I do, I'm perfect at that.
I'm like, wow, that's weird, that every qualification I need is exactly your best at in person in the world.
I hired him, unfortunately, and anyway, long story after that, but he's no longer here with us.
But that's what you want to become in this.
People are like, I want this, this, this, this, this, you're like, sweet, I got it, here you go.
If you do that, holy cow, how much easier to sell somebody?
If you're like, you want this, I got it.
You really do, okay, I'm gonna buy it.
Okay, so this is the process.
So I'm gonna go through my potato gun, it's just so you guys can see it.
So page number 15, I went to a site, this is, I was learning about the underachiever process, and I went to find out of potato guns.
Now the backstory was spring break, and my buddy Nate Plone and I, we were actually out, all of our buddies were at spring break, they went down to like Vegas and did the whole Vegas party thing.
Me and Nate were the only two guys on the team that were married, and both our wives were supporting us, so we were at home while our wives were at work, like going like, crap, what are you doing, I'll just hold this whole week during spring break.
So we're sitting around, and he's like, dude, I got an idea, let's make a potato gun.
I'm like, all right, let's do it.
And so we went online, we started searching, make a potato gun, spent the whole spring break making potato guns, we went out and shooting them, having so much fun.
We got back to school the next Monday, whatever it was, and I'm sitting in class, and I needed this little trick I would do.
I would walk into class, and I'd look around, and make sure, like, there was no tests or anything happening, you probably remember this process.
Look around, and I'd be like, I'm sure I can't even get a fidgety, I'd be like, I'll walk out to go to the bathroom, and then the computer lab was like right around the corner, I spent a computer lab, I spent like the 45 minutes on the computer, I looked at the clock, and then, all right, gotta go, jump back into class.
Whew, class over, walk out the door, and I was done.
It was like the perfect system.
So I'm doing that, I'm in the computer lab, checking stuff out, and I type in, I'd go to, it used to be called Overshirt, there's a new one now called, well, if you go to the URL there at the bottom of page 15, you can go and do this.
So I type in keywords.wordtracker.com, and you type in a keyword, it shows you how many people each day are searching for that keyword.
So I type in potato gun, boom, and at the time, right now, what's 336 times 30?
Where are our geniuses in here? 16? 9000, so 9000, so at the time I searched, there were 18,000 people searching for how to make a potato gun, this is what I just pulled like two days ago.
So 9000 people a month searching for potato gun, okay?
So, and then you see all the other keywords, so the people searching potato gun, how to make potato gun, making potato gun, potato guns, building instructions, building a potato gun, taking diagrams, plans, blah, blah, blah, blah, on and on and on.
Then you search spud guns, there's a whole list of keywords, okay?
And so I looked at it and I said, dang, there's 18,000 people out there searching for potato guns just like me and Nate were this weekend.
We went through like 50 sites, we researched, we did this and this, we tried this, and we had some specialized knowledge now on if this actually worked or not, how to make it work, we did like, we tested all sorts of stuff, and we actually knew a little bit about how to make a potato gun at this point.
And it's not 18,000 people were searching for that and nobody had a product for it.
I'm gonna try to make a product for that.
So that was step number one.
Step number two, people come to page number 16, I set up what we call an ask campaign.
I'm sure some of you guys think I'm swearing, but I'm not ASK.
So I'm gonna ask you something.
It's like when I say paper click, paper click.
A lot of people think I say paper clip, so.
Okay, so we do an ask campaign.
An ask campaign is this simple.
If you read this thing, it took me all of like 30 seconds to rip off from someone else who did it before me.
And I'm saying that because you guys should rip me off too.
Okay, it says, dear fellow potato gun lover, do you guys just rip this off for years, hair bower?
I know your time is valuable, so I'll get right to the point.
I need your advice.
I'm putting the finishing touches on a new course called how to make a potato gun.
I wanna make sure that I don't leave anything out.
So we let me know your biggest question about potato guns.
It could be anything, even if you think it's silly.
All you have to do is type in your question in the little box and click submit.
In exchange for your advice, you'll enter a drawing to get a free copy of our new course before we release it to the market.
It should be ready in a few weeks.
Okay, here's the easy form.
What's your biggest question about potato guns?
Thank you very much for making this.
The very best how to make potato gun course in the world.
Sincerely, Russell Brunson, potato gun enthusiast.
Okay, put that up there.
And I'm gonna talk about some ways to drive traffic.
We drove some traffic and over the weekend we had a little over a hundred people submit potato gun questions.
Well, what's the, and what's funny is before that, I was like, I'm gonna make a potato gun.
I had in my mind, this is how I'm gonna create this course.
Okay, I had in my mind what people wanted.
What came back was very different from what I thought.
People were saying all sorts of weird questions I didn't know the answer to.
What's the correct barrel to the chamber volume with?
I've seen this site.
This site says this, and I'm like, crap, I don't know.
I gotta figure out what the right barrel to chamber volume with is.
What kind of propellants are the best?
What's this?
And they ask all these kinds of questions.
I'm like, those are great questions.
I'm gonna find out the answer.
Went out, found out the answer, came back, and we had now the questions.
So, again, step number two is finding out what the market wants.
Asking the questions, getting the data back.
So you're making what people want and not what you think they want.
Step number three, we give it to them.
I'm gonna talk here in a minute about, I'm gonna go a little bit deeper about each of these steps of the process here in a minute, so don't worry, I'm gonna dig a lot deeper.
But basically, for this one, we took the outline, we took all the questions, we did the research, found the answers to all the questions.
As you see in the picture here, we snuck into Boise State on a Saturday.
And if you've ever tried sneaking into Boise State with a bag of pipes and potatoes, we're sneaking in, we bust in this, and it's a classroom like this, a really big classroom, and Lindsay was actually snucking with us.
She was like her first week on the job.
This is how great an employer I am.
We snuck down and she's got a little handicap video when she's holding it, and we came up and it was a big, huge whiteboard.
And so we wrote down all the mathematical formulas on the whiteboard right here, and then we stood right here in the video camera focused right here, and we looked like rocket scientists.
Cause I'm up here, well the correct barrel of chamber, you want pi r squared times the derivative of, and we're mapping out all these huge complicated formulas.
And seriously, if you watch the DVD, I look so smart.
And I'm just copying it from the board right here.
We sat there with a handy cam camera, you hear like Lindsay, when she zooms in and out, like clicks, clicks, horrible quality.
Create the first product, and that was how to make potato gun.
Okay, really, really fun.
Okay, now let's dig into all three of those steps a lot deeper.
So page number 18 we're going to go into how to find a hot market.
There's a process we go through.
I'm very...
What is it?
I don't know.
Well, funny you should ask.
Let me draw a diagram for you.
Oh no.
We're actually shooting, we're doing a promotional video yesterday, so the other potato gun here, we're out in the field yesterday shooting a bunch of potatoes.
But they are made out of PVC pipe.
You start with a pipe about, yay, big, about a four inch pipe like this, a PVC pipe.
Then you take a connector that goes from here, down to here, and here, and then you take like a two inch pipe, and it ends up being like six feet long.
And there is, in case you want the course, there's a ratio of the width, the length, anyway, it's a big mathematical formula I can teach you.
Anyway, so this is the potato gun, right?
And then you take a potato and you shove it in the end here and you push it all the way down to right here and it wedges in about right here.
And then this is your chamber, and we do, you create like an end cap right here that can screw on to the thing.
Next step you do is you get, I should think this is the course right now, we're teaching this whole potato gun process again.
You take a barbecue igniter, and you take two screws and you screw them in and you almost touch them to each other.
So two screws are almost touching in the middle potato gun.
And I hook the barbecue igniter, hook the wire here, wire here, and they come down and they're like, there's a little barbecue igniter here with a little button.
And when I click on this, there's a little spark jump from here to here.
Okay?
So then the next step is you, after you've done a potato in here, you take the back off, you get some kind of propellant, the best is right guard under arm deodorant.
You spray it in here, you fill the chamber full of gas, and you cap it, you screw it on really quick.
Now you've got your fuel in here.
You push the little button, it makes a little spark spark, which lights the fuel on fire, which then shoots the potato out the other end at about 150, 200 yards.
Awesome fun.
Any of you ever done a potato gun?
Great times, huh?
So if I remember in Australia, I'll make some with you.
It'll be so much fun.
Okay.
It was worth the trip.
How many hours it take you to get here?
Okay.
Okay, step in one.
How to find a hot market.
There's a great book out there called tribes.
They were here, we read it.
How are we getting ready yet?
You can knock it out like 30 seconds.
Okay, it's a great book by Seth Godin.
And the whole process, he talks about like, right now the whole world is broken into tribes.
People are congregating together and they're meeting.
And what you wanna find, when you try to find a hot market, you try to find a tribe, you try to find a group of people that are passionate about something.
Some of the criteria.
First thing you need to make sure has a large number of people.
You don't wanna be in a tribe that's got like eight people walking around talking about it.
How much money that?
So you wanna make sure there's a large group of people.
Second thing, you need to make sure these people are irrationally passionate about the topic.
You know what I'm talking about?
You got friends who are like psychotic about some topic and they talk about it and they like blog about it and they got their own websites and they're obsessed with whatever the topic is.
That's a good thing.
You wanna make sure these people are obsessed.
The more obsessed they are about their topic, the more money that you can make within the market.
Next thing is they have disposable income.
That's important.
A lot of times people are, they wanna buy something but they can't buy something.
So you make sure they have disposable income.
If they don't have disposable income, it's not good.
Next thing they have their own communities and they need to be grouping together.
We're talking about more in the traffic section and they need to have their own celebrities.
That's kind of, that's not necessarily, but it's a big thing.
They've got like the gurus or whatever niche they're in.
That's a good thing.
So kind of their own celebrities.
Okay, again, tribes is a good book.
Next thing, where do you find these hot niches?
There's a lot of places to look for them.
And sometimes, a lot of times it's your own passion, which is a good thing.
If you're passionate about potato guns or about yoga or about whatever, your own passion is a good thing.
If it doesn't pass this test and you need to find something else, like again, the Scoutmaster one.
The Scoutmasters have a lot of extra money.
Are they willing to spend money to help make a better experience for their scouts?
Not generally.
It was not a good market.
Okay, so places to find them.
A good place to go to amazon.com and look at the book sections.
If people were writing books about a topic, not always, but usually it means there's some kind of good subculture there.
Okay, and next thing, Clickbank.
If you go to clickbank.com and click on the marketplace, it shows you products that are currently being sold, info products and a whole bunch of different niches.
Look on the marketplace, it has categories to go through there and look at other products people are already selling.
One of the best ways to tell if your market is good is if there's competition, which is backwards from most people think.
Most people be like, oh, crap, someone else already had that idea, I'm out.
That's the wrong mentality.
If someone else has the idea, like, sweet, they just validate the idea for me, I can go and copy it now.
I mean, model it.
Big difference.
And you ever heard of the company Groupon.com?
They started 18 months ago, they went from zero to $1.35 billion in 18 months.
So guess what I did?
I said, that's a dang good idea and we modeled it.
Modeled it.
Look at things that are already successful.
Everyone looks backwards, they look at it and they said, oh man, someone's already doing this.
Someone's already got a book about how to get a six pack.
How many books on how to get six packs?
How much money is made out there?
And guess what?
Someone wants a six pack, they're not gonna buy one book.
They're gonna buy every book because people are passionate.
Especially people in tribes, they're passionate.
They'll buy one thing, they'll buy another thing because they're passionate about the topic.
Okay?
Magazine Racks.
If there's a magazine on a topic, it's a hot market.
Now I almost spent a lot of time and money going after athletes and spending money on like focusing on selling athletes.
And we're like this far away from launching this whole product line around it and guess what?
What's the magazine rack looked around?
There was not a single magazine focused on athletes.
There was niche ones like runners and things like that, but there wasn't a single one on athletes.
And I may be wrong, maybe not, but look at that.
I said, you know what?
If there's not a group that really spent enough money to invest in a magazine for a subculture, I doubt it's a big subculture.
I started looking more and more into it.
And the more like after that, before I was like this is the greatest niche in the world, I was going that direction and I didn't look at all the negatives.
So I got that one blocker at a magazine, I was just like there's not a magazine for athletes I can find.
I went out and started doing more research.
I started looking that most like, especially like student athletes don't have disposable income.
They don't have these type of things.
Their parents might, and you can sell into parents is different, but the athletes themselves don't have the kind of money.
So that's why we pulled out of that niche, luckily.
And maybe it was a wrong move, but we did pull out and I believe that's, the main reason I pulled out is because the magazine, it wasn't a magazine.
So make sure there's a magazine on the topic.
Okay, bookstores are a great place to go and go to the bookstores, find the section, look at other people's books, get yourself ideas on what kind of books.
Talking to passionate people.
Okay, Mike, can I pick on you for a minute?
I'm working on a project with Mike right now because I started talking to him.
He's got, I hope you don't mind that, this is gonna be fun.
So he's passionate about conspiracy theory type stuff.
This guy, he's sitting in a room with him for like half an hour, you're freaked out about everything that could be happening to you and all this sort of stuff.
It's fascinating type stuff.
And I met five or six people.
Every time I meet somebody that they're so passionate about the conspiracy theories and all these things are happening in the government and this and that.
And it's like, everything you're talking about, first you're like, this is kind of weird.
That's like five minutes, you're like, oh crap, this might be true.
And then you're like, this is freaking awesome.
I wanna know more about it.
I'm gonna get obsessed with it, right?
I talked to him, talked to a couple of people and I'm just like, these are people that are passionate about this problem.
So right now we're creating a product called Underground Conspiracy Theories because hey, it's a group of passionate people who are passionate about that topic.
He's got great stories and great everything behind it.
So listening to people that are passionate.
You guys all know those people that are passionate about topics, right?
Listen when they're, we have a lot of passion and listen to what they're talking about.
Listen to what they're saying.
And the more passionate they have, there's usually a group of people that are saying passionate about that type of topic.
Okay, listening to other people's problems.
We're here to love people to hear people complain.
You should, because every time someone complains there is a market there.
My first product was off my own complaint.
I said, I was buying reseller rights to products and I was selling these people's products.
And he pissed me off because I paid like 10 bucks and I bought reseller rights to products.
I sold like 10 or 20 of them.
And inside the product it was talking about that person's business and that person.
I was branding this other person and I was selling their product.
And I said, gosh, I wish there was a product out there that would brand these e-books so when someone opened it they'd see my ad before they saw their ad.
And I thought, huh, is there anything out there?
No one had a product out there.
So that was my first product.
My zip branded, the software product.
That's what I did.
It branded someone's e-book.
So they opened it, they saw my ad before they saw the person's product.
That was my first idea.
It came off my own frustration.
Okay, I spent a lot of time going to forums.
Not so much to participate, more just to look at people complain.
The more people complain and they whine about something that's a good sign.
So start listening, I tell you some complain, they're like, that's the product I did.
That's the product I did.
That's a good thing.
Okay, so turn complaints into products.
Washington TV is a great way.
Look in your spam filters.
If you guys ever watch your spam filters, I spend probably more hours each day on my spam filter than I do on my inbox.
For a couple reasons.
First off, because it gives me product ideas.
Second off, it gives me ideas on headlines, on topics, on so much stuff.
Because people who are spending that much money to spam you, those people know what they're doing.
Okay, I was down in Florida and one of my buddies, Rich Sheffrin, his company has 10 to $15 million a year.
It was a nice house.
And then there's Michael Masterson, who's the owner of Agora Publishing, which is a huge, I don't know how much, Agora 300, $400 million a year company.
We drove down and said, hey, this is Michael Masterson's house, beautiful house.
I was like, dang, that's a big house.
We drove down like half a block down and also I saw these big hotels.
I was like, dang, those are some huge hotels.
He's like, those aren't hotels.
Like, what are those?
He's like, those are people's houses.
Like, who freaking lives in the house?
I mean, okay, Michael Masterson, $300 million a year.
That's his house.
That's a big house.
This house is like 18 times bigger.
I'm like, who lives in those houses?
He's like, oh, the spammers.
They live in those houses.
I'm like, crap.
Okay, that means something.
If you understand that, the spam, as far as like research for marketing, spammers are one of the best people out there.
They're getting emails sent to you.
They're testing niches.
They're testing headlines.
They're testing from names.
They're testing so many elements that you don't even know about.
I've met a lot of spammers lately and become friends with them and it's amazing how much data and how much effort they put into that.
And so if they're getting into your spam filter, it's a good market research to watch what they're doing.
I'm going to Word Tracker and looking for keywords to get.
Also looking for paid ads.
People are paying for ads.
That means there's probably something behind it.
Otherwise there's big dumb companies, a lot of money.
But people are paying for ads.
It could be a good niche to go after.
Okay, that's the first thing.
Second thing, after you kind of figure out your market, here's the market filters to make sure you're going the right thing.
First off, if you figure out this market's going to be good, first thing is go to Word Tracker.
And there are a lot of more advanced keyword tools, but Word Tracker is like your simple, easy, it's free.
It's a good one.
So go to Word Tracker, which is freekeywords.wordtracker.com.
It's there on the page.
And look, see how many people are searching for the topic.
The lowest I'll ever go after is about 10,000 searches a month.
You do keywords, and you search how many searches are days.
Take that daily and times it by 30, and you got your month.
If it's under 10,000, it's probably not worth even trying to go after.
The community that heard is too small.
With the sweet spot, between 30 and 50,000 up to above is kind of where your sweet spot. 30,000 is like a good sized niche. 50,000, 100,000, it starts getting bigger and bigger.
So that's kind of the gauge we're looking for. 30 to 50,000 people.
Okay, number two, question number two, the next filter.
Are members of this market willing and able to pay for information related to this area?
Okay, two important words, willing and able.
A lot of people are willing, but they're just not able.
Other people are able, but they're just not willing.
You need both of those words there.
Yeah, I get it.
That's not just for one keyword, right?
I used to write the core keyword off it.
Like, potato guns were looking at 9, 10,000, so it's not a big market.
If you took all the data, if you took all the spud guns and everything else, you'd be probably closer to 30,000.
But that's what you're talking about, right?
The whole...
I'm looking more like the first two or three major keywords.
So, yeah.
Okay, so willing and able is a big piece of that.
Okay, so here's some questions here.
If you're on page number 20, you got five other questions here.
Question number two, age.
Does the typical member of your target market have a credit card?
It's important.
We had a student who came through last time, and he's actually luckily making a lot of money.
He took a...
He doesn't own a dog, but he saw that dog training niche was really good.
So he hired someone to make a dog training product.
Tried to sell it in America, but there's too much competition, failed at it.
But he's Spanish or Portuguese.
Transcribed the whole product to Portuguese.
He starts selling it.
And the first problem he had is that people didn't have credit cards where he was selling it to.
And he got this whole process, finally got it online.
But do you remember, he's doing like...
He's doing a lot, like 20, 30 grand a month off this one how to train your dog e-books.
And the best thing is he doesn't have a dog.
I love it.
So anyway, but that was the one of the things he had was, initially, people didn't have credit cards.
So he had to change a bunch of stuff and get it to the right country and things like that to make it work.
But make sure they have credit cards.
Next thing they have, they have disposable income.
Everybody here know Kevin Trudeau?
I know he screwed over one of my close friends in the room once.
Kevin came out with a book called, he has like health cures they don't want you to know about and diet cures.
And he came up with one called, debt cures they don't want you to know about.
We worked really close with the people who were the back end call center for that.
And they were running on TV and they were making a ton of money in front of everyone who wanted to buy that book.
They call them on the phone to try to sell them high-end coaching programs and stuff like that.
And I asked them, like, how did it go?
And they said, their word for it, to me, they said, there's never been a customer so predisposed to not have money in the history of the world as the Kevin Trudeau debt cures lead.
None of those people have money, they're all in debt.
That's why they bought the $2 book.
They can't buy a $10,000 coaching program.
So the debt market's good if you're doing other things.
But if you're selling info products that do debt, it's probably not a good market.
Those people don't have money.
That's why they're in debt.
Anyway, okay.
Next thing, to see, can you find direct competitors?
Again, a good thing, not a bad thing.
You want as many competitors as possible.
There's reasons why the niches I play in are how to make money, diet, fitness, because those in the market are tons of competitors.
Tons of competitors because it's a great market.
Okay.
Next thing, okay, can you find four other products that are being sold to your target market?
That's question number four.
Now what I mean by this is right here, let's just say, I'm selling hair bows, right?
I'm looking for four other competitors, not specifically selling hair bows, but for the competitors selling something that's the same target market.
So who's your target market?
Moms.
Moms, okay.
Can you find four other products being sold out there to moms?
Obviously that's an easy one.
That's the question you ask yourself.
Can I find at least four other people selling to the same target market?
This isn't coming for your adventure, partner, there's a lot of other stuff we're talking about here in the future, but very, very important.
Okay, and then how much money you're advertising for, you can look up, and that will kind of gloss over that, but you can look and see how much money people are spending to add, and make sure that they're actually sending money.
Okay, any questions about market?
Traditionally with market, you wanna find, the market you wanna go after is people that, I mean, that are buying how-to stuff.
A couple questions for these guys.
Are you selling hair bows?
No, we're selling how-to hair bows.
We're selling the shovels, we're not doing the thing.
So you wanna find markets that are interested in buying how-to stuff, those type of things.
I know you guys have your how-to coupon classes you're doing now, things like that.
How-to is the magic word.
Let me step aside real quick, so I wanna talk about this just to relate it to people who aren't doing information marketing businesses.
So let's just say, I know we got some chiropractors in the room, so here's our chiropractors, we got some realtors, chores, chiro.
Do we have any people in MLMs right now, network marketing?
Come on, you guys can admit it.
All right, so MLM.
Okay, there's a process we can talk about, like the internet, we have lots of students coming through who normally don't wanna admit they like MLM until I admit that I love, like I think it's the most beautiful business model in the world, if you're not in MLM, you're crazy beyond all belief.
And then the people start to be like, oh, okay, I'm in like four of them.
But, okay, traditionally, the way that people are doing these kind of businesses online, they're trying, I mean, you're setting up and you're driving leads to try to get people to do back adjustments, you're driving leads trying to get people to come look at, do listings with you, you're trying to do, generally, to do people sign for your MLM.
The way that doesn't traditionally work very well online is driving people into a site, just trying to sell counter-practical or realtors or you're selling your MLM, it's difficult to do.
Okay, so how many MLMs I've been, I've been a lot of them, that they give you, here's your corporate website that you send your people to, and they're ugly as sin, there's no way that anyone's ever gonna buy off those things.
So what we do, and what we teach people to do, is you're using information products to get customers to come into here.
Well, we want people to pay us money to become one of our future customers.
Okay, so let's just say, again, I'm an MLM.
So let's say I create a product, let's say one of the MLMs I'm in, I'm selling some Magic Juice Secures Cancer.
Anyone here in the MLM that has a Magic Juice Secures Cancer?
Yes, we got one that'll admit it to it.
I got one back there who won't admit it to it, I know he's, I'm looking at you, Chad.
Everyone's got some Magic Juice Secures Cancer, right?
So what I'm gonna do is, Steph's saying, hey, kind of my thing that has this Magic Juice Secures Cancer, I'm gonna create an information product called How to Cure Cancer.
I'm being facetious, obviously, but how to cure cancer, right?
The people who are looking for how to cure cancer are gonna come to this product and they're gonna be, what, are they a passionate market?
If you have cancer, you're gonna be a little passionate, yeah, you guys figure it out, you're gonna buy this product because you want to be able to cure cancer.
And in this book, you're gonna give a bunch of techniques and ways to do that.
Oh, and by the way, one of the techniques in here is the supplement that we sell over here.
What happens is, someone come and buy this product, they get the product, they start learning about things, then you call them on the phone and say, hey, I see that you're concerned about cancer, obviously, and you may have cancer, and we've got this great product, and now you have a lead to selling to your MLM.
Family members, right?
Hey, so I got this magic pill, do you wanna take it and then make some money with it?
I get those conversations more than anyone you will ever know on earth, because I get it from my friends and people who don't like me all day long.
We have a, Nicole, if you met Nicole, she's like our screener, and I would say on an average week, she's screening between 30 and 50 people, telling them no, Russell will not join this or that or whatever it is, because I get so many things, but again, you're creating information product to get someone to raise their hand, because the worst thing, the worst thing in the world is to go out there and try to get your friends and family.
Get people who are already interested in the topic, sell them a product about the topic, sell a $27 hair bow product, and there's an MLM for hair, I know it's a scrapbooking MLM, you guys should be in it.
You should join underneath me, my wife's in it, and then you guys can build the whole down line.
But think about it, if they're in a scrapbooking MLM, they can go and try people with scrapbooking sites, they're never gonna sell people in MLM, but they got people who buy hair bows, they call them on the phone, hey, you tie hair bows, I mean, this is actually this really cool company where you do scrapbooking stuff, you do scrapbooking parties, boom, that's the perfect lead that's gonna sign up.
You talk to your friends about scrapbooking, I'm gonna be like, Zan, you first hair bow, is there anyone who does scrapbooking?
Are you serious?
So that's the way we do it here.
Same thing with real, with chiropractic, with the traditional business, information products drive people in the traditional business as well.
If I wrote the book on the best way to buy or sell a house in Boise in 2010, that was my book, and I'm out there selling that, people are looking, or giving it away for that matter, people are looking for, they wanna buy a house, and also the guy who wrote the book on how to buy a house, it will actually help me buy a house, that brings a lot of credibility to the table.
That's why these info products we're talking about, they don't just work and I'm selling information product business, they're lead gens for any other type of business in the world.
When I was in Fiji, I spoke to Tony Robbins company, there was a seminar, there was a single person in the audience that carried my information marketing, when I talked about the whole time of information marketing, I said, look, people don't not go to the internet to buy stuff, people go to the internet to get information about things so they can go and they can buy stuff.
You wanna be the information channel in the middle because if you control the information, how easy is now to start telling people what to buy?
You guys remember Bill Phillips wrote Body for Life?
Okay, Bill Phillips, best selling fitness book in the history of the world, sold millions and millions and millions of copies of it.
And guess what, people are like, man, he makes so much money off those books, he donated every penny he made of those books to charity, he didn't make a single penny off it, but why did he do that?
Why did he write this huge book and then the book had talked about how you need a drink, eat two grams of protein for every pound of body weight you weigh.
So I'm a 200 pound guy, he means I eat 400 grams of protein every single day to follow the Body for Life diet.
Why would Bill Phillips tell me that?
Because he owns a company called EES, and guess what, we sell protein, so we needed a whole crap load of protein.
Bill Phillips was the best information marketer in the world and he wasn't selling information products.
He was selling all these other products, but he would use information as a tool to get to people.
Very important to understand that.
Any business, if you look at the information, you wanna be the channel in the middle of people coming for information and then you take that information, they become leads and then you get them to do whatever you want.
One of the guys I know, he has a whole business teaching carpet cleaners how to market their business and he teaches people how to make his little, and it's not a big ebook or anything, it's a little informational ads where they call in, they get a little report that's like, seven ways that your carpet cleaning guy is killing your kids or something like that.
That's his information product.
Now if you're about to get your carpets cleaned, flip through the yellow page also, there's a big ad that says, hey, get this free brochure, seven ways to make sure your carpet cleaners are not killing your kids.
You're gonna be like, I better call out real quick before I call these other guys, I wanna make sure he's not killing my kids.
You call it, you get the info product, you get the product here, you look at the pamphlet.
Okay, crap, some guys do this and this and this, and then it's like, you know what, a lot of these guys are trying to kill your kids, but the good news is that I'm the one guy in town who doesn't kill kids.
And if you want me to come out of your thing, I'm gonna do, the one unfortunate problem is I'm really, really expensive because I'm so booked up because I don't kill kids.
So anyway, you can see where I'm going with this, right?
Ken, I don't think it's really killed kids, but I hope I didn't go too far on that one.
Ken.
All right, so step number one, find the right market.
Okay, step number two, your fly capture page.
This is your ass campaign, fly capture, whatever you wanna call it.
Again, you set up really simply.
This is one, we created a product called How to Overcome Pornography.
We're about to launch this actually probably next week or so, set the fly capture page, drove traffic to it.
And what was interesting is the whole direction we were creating of the product was completely changed after we got this campaign back.
Our direction, in my mind, I was like, hey, it's dudes who have pornography addiction, they want ways to fix themselves, right?
That was my thought, the whole product was created towards guys.
Guess what happened after we set this campaign? 90% of the people who came through were wives who their husbands had pornography problems, and wanted for you to fix their husbands.
Okay, do you do your product development a little bit different when that's the purple or who are looking for it?
Yeah, everything was different because of that.
I'm gonna create a much better product because we were talking to the people who were looking.
Okay, that's why these things are so important ahead of time is to get the information so you make sure you're talking to the people who are looking and you're talking to them in the way they're talking back to you.
Okay, so you set this page, again, if I set a page like this, I'm gonna go and I'm gonna buy a domain.
I'm gonna buy, we're about OvercomePornography.com.
I'm gonna go to Script Blants, I'm gonna say look, this is a deal guys.
I got five bucks for this project.
A lot of guys will do it for five bucks because they just want ratings on there to show how good they are as a programmer.
I bought the domain, I'm stuck, I don't know anything else.
I need someone to, I got a hosting account, I got domain, I don't know anything else.
For five bucks you need to go and you need to set that thing up so when some type's in my site that something comes up, I want it to look just like this and then I want to say these words and when they fill in this little box to submit, I want that email to be sent to me.
Five bucks, you get anyone in the world, you get 10,000 people to do that for five bucks for you.
Now you're not stuck.
Rust, I'm not gonna design a website.
You don't need to have a design a website.
Just type that in an email and send it to someone and like I said, it's a simple, simple process.
Get your fly capture pages up.
Now after it's up, you need to get, this is where your market reaches, how do I get people to actually ask me questions?
Now if you already own your own business, you already have a list that makes it real easy.
I'm sure for you guys, you can put something on your blog in five minutes, you get 200 people to tell you exactly what they want.
If you don't already have a business, there are a lot of ways to do it as well.
One way is to go and let's say, again let's just say it's potato guns.
When I did my potato gun one, I did two things.
First thing I did is I went and there's two or three big potato gun forums.
There's like spudtech.com, there's spudapalooza, there's a couple big potato gun websites and there are people that are passionate about potato guns and they're in these forums talking about potato guns all day long.
So I just went in there and said, hey guys, great to meet you, my name's Russell and we're creating this cool DVD about how to make potato gun.
What's your number one question about how to make potato guns?
Click right here and just let me know and I'll give you a chance to win a free course.
We got probably 20 or 30 people from those forums just to fill out this form.
Boom, instant market research.
Second thing we did, and I'm sure, did you guys do a paper click campaigns for years?
Okay, I've only personally in my entire life ever run one paper click campaign and you're gonna learn tomorrow about paper click as the most horrible evil thing in the world.
Some of you guys will love it.
A lot of people are making a lot of money.
I can't stand it, it's not my personality but around one campaign, I went to Google, I set it up and I've been on spud gun and potato gun.
I said I'll pay five cents per click and I ran it through the weekend and every time I type in spud gun or potato gun in Google my ad showed up and every time they clicked on it, I paid five cents.
It cost me I think about 68 bucks that I paid from them.
People came to my site, they saw this, they fill out form and click submit.
I paid five cents for a click and I said $68 and I got about a little over a hundred questions from the paper click campaign.
I turned it off on Monday and that's the only paper click campaign I've ever personally run.
We run it in our company but me personally.
And so I ran it.
So I'm saying that because it's not that hard.
I personally ran it, you guys can do it too.
Especially if you're in a niche like this.
You get the research and boom, now you have the data.
Now you know exactly what people want.
Okay, and we're gonna talk about this when we get the sales process.
What's cool about this is if someone comes in and they see this product, they wanna know how to make a potato gun.
This is the DVD actually.
Stuff for auction right now.
This is the last one in the office.
If they come in and say look, I should just do hair bows.
So they come in and the hair bow is like hey, I wanna learn how to blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
I wanna learn to do this.
And you get all these people submitting questions back to you.
When you get to the point where you write the sales letter it comes really easy.
Because instead of me coming in and saying how do I sell this person?
You just say, the question came in and says, I wanna learn how to the right barrel of the chamber volume with.
So my bold point number of my sales letters discover the right barrel of the chamber volume with.
Question number two comes in.
Hey, for open photography, how do I know if my husband's actually looking at pornography?
Question, bold point number one, discover how to find out if your husband's really looking at pornography.
How to know if my husband, is it too late to actually save my marriage?
I really want to, I'm frustrated.
Discover that how it's not too late to save your marriage and blah, blah, blah.
See how it works?
I'm not manipulated, I'm taking what they're asking me and I'm offering up the exact same thing.
Just like that my employee would say, yep that's exactly what I do.
That's what gives you the ability to do.
Okay, next step now on page number 22 is you're gonna take all of this data that comes in for you.
You could actually see, this is for our pornography campaign, you see some of the questions people came back in here.
Questions, will pornography ruin my relationship with my wife, that was the one from a man.
How can marriage survive when pornography addicts, oh crap you can see the person's email address in there.
Don't look closely, don't email Jay Wendell at Lynn anyway.
We see how that works, like ask questions, got the feedback back, and we took that.
And the next step in this process is to create your table of contents.
Can I show you these pictures right here of some of the dummy books here?
You got guitars for dummies, fundraisers for dummies, YouTube for dummies.
The reason why I did that is the dummies books, the one the best thing about them is their table of contents.
Next time you go to Barnes and Noble, go to the school, look at the dummy books, open up, look at the table of contents.
Table of contents is amazing.
The key, the whole information marketing business is the table of contents.
This is where your job, the entrepreneur ends.
You need to know how to do the table of contents.
To create a table of contents.
So if let's say I got back, I got back 100 different questions, right?
People ask me things.
And take those 100 questions, and the reality is of those 100 questions, there's probably gonna be, a lot of these are gonna be very similar.
So I can break it down into groups, and then break it down, and eventually you come down with, hey I've got probably eight or 10 core questions that people are asking me.
So here's my eight to 10 core questions.
You wanna take it now and create your table of contents.
So chapter number one is this, chapter number two is this, chapter number three is this, and you create your table of contents.
Okay, and this is a critical thing.
We're talking about product development here after our break, but with product development, if you have this table of contents, it's outlined and makes the whole rest of the process so, so simple.
If you don't have it, you make a lot of mistakes.
So creating your own table of contents, okay?
Now, when I was telling Dave the story last night, when I first got into internet marketing, and I got asked to speak at a seminar, I showed up, and at the seminar, there was supposed to be seven people that were showing up at the seminar, and they were out prior at the bar and stuff at the hotel, and they were telling everybody else.
So I walk in the room, they had more people, and I walk in the room, there's like, six to 70 people in the room, and it was just me, and I was like, oh crap, I was planning on seven people, where we're gonna hang out and talk a little bit.
So I was waiting for presentations.
I walked in and I was like, hey guys, I actually forgot my notepad at paper, so I'll be right back.
So I walked out and I was just like, oh crap, oh crap, I'd never spoken to an audience in my entire life.
I was just like, oh my gosh, oh my gosh, so I'm like, what am I gonna do?
I gotta figure something out.
So I go out at my hotel room, I get a pad of paper, and I'm like, okay, what am I talking to people about?
Okay, I'm like, well, if I was gonna teach someone from scratch, what would I do?
And I'm like, well, section one, I talk about this, and I wrote out an outline.
Number two would be this, number three would be this, number four would be this, and I would've became my outline.
Walk back down to the audience, and I say, okay guys, thanks so much, I'm glad to have you here.
First thing I wanna talk about is this, I started teaching bullet point number one.
Talk about 15, 20 minutes, then talk about bullet point number two, the number three, number four.
I talked through my eight point bullet point list, took about two hours, someone was recording the whole thing in the back, and that was my first presentation.
I was like, ah, it was also the launching, I didn't know at the time, but it was the launching of my business and how to make money on the internet business, because I took that outline, recorded the DVD, that became, if anyone's ever seen my free DVD, how I turned $20, and the simple idea to a million dollar your business, that free DVD was recording from that event.
It was free, they paid shipping handling, they got it out there, and what happened, they would go through the outline, that was my first product, took them two hours to go through the outline, but then guess what happened?
I'd spend maybe 15 minutes on a topic, but people wanted a lot more information about that.
So then I started creating products, we'll talk about just this topic, or just this topic, or just this topic.
Can we start doing events like this?
If you look at this event right now, the structure of this event is exactly the same structure as the outline I did, made on a original DVD.
What I'm teaching you guys right now is the same thing I taught on the DVD, just in a lot more detail, and you're getting it in a lot, in a personal position.
One of them, you get for free, one of them you pay a lot more money, I don't know how much you pay to be here.
That's the difference behind it.
But the outline is, this is gonna be the fuel for your entire business, whether it be one product, a product line, whole bunch of other stuff, but the outline is the first key, and you get that outline from taking your questions people are giving you.
Take those questions, create an outline, boom, now I have everything else we're gonna talk about with product development.
So creating your headline, or excuse me, your outline.
The one thing I do with outlines, when I'm creating these titles, is not just saying chapter one, SEO, chapter two, PPC, chapter three, try to turn them all into how-to statements.
So how to drive more traffic to your website through the process of SEO.
How to, that's gonna make, again, your product development process a lot easier when you develop how-tos, okay?
You guys need a break?