ONE LINERS
By Russell Brunson
Copyright 2014 © SuccessEtc.com LLC 
All Rights Reserved
www.getwsodownload.com

DISCLAIMER: 
The information contained in this book is for general guidance on matters of interest only.  The application 
and impact of strategies, theories and laws can vary widely based on the specific facts involved.  Given the 
changing nature of market forces, laws, rules and regulations, and the inherent hazards of communication, 
there may be delays, omissions or inaccuracies in information contained herein. 
Accordingly, the information in this book is provided with the understanding that the authors and 
publishers are not herein engaged in rendering legal, accounting, tax, corporate finance, investment, 
banking, or other professional advice and/or services.  As such, it should not be used as a substitute for 
consultation with professional accounting, tax, legal, corporate finance, investment, banking, or other 
competent advisors.
Before making any decision or taking any action, you should consult a professional advisor.
While we have made every attempt to ensure that the information contained in this book is reliable, 
SuccessEtc.com LLC is not responsible for any errors or omissions, or for the results obtained from the 
use of this information. All information in this book is provided with no guarantee of completeness, 
accuracy, timeliness or of the results obtained from the use of this information, and without warranty of 
any kind, express or implied, including, but not limited to warranties of performance, merchantability 
and fitness for a particular purpose.
In no event will SuccessEtc.com LLC, its related partnerships, corporations or other entities, or the 
partners, agents or employees thereof be liable to you or anyone else for any decision made or action 
taken in reliance on the information in this book or for any consequential, special or similar damages, 
even if advised of the possibility of such damages.
Certain information in this book may have come from other sources (including websites) created and/
or maintained by partnerships, corporations or other entities related to SuccessEtc.com LLC or by third 
parties unrelated to SuccessEtc.com LLC  As such, SuccessEtc.com LLC makes no representations as to 
the accuracy or any other aspect of this information.
COPYRIGHT INFORMATION:
All copyrights belong to their respective owners.  The word mark and logo "SuccessEtc.com LLC" are 
registered trademarks owned by SuccessEtc.com LLC  This book and its contents are the copyright of 
SuccessEtc.com LLC SuccessEtc.com LLC is incorporated in Idaho, United States of America.
www.getwsodownload.com

ONE LINERS
“What is your future wealth?”
“My interest is in the future because I’m going to spend the rest of my life there.”
“Education will never be as expensive as ignorance.”
 “Unemployment is at its highest rate in the last 10 years, doesn’t that concern you?”
“We’re not selling anything; we are providing a better way of life.”
 “If you’re not willing to expand your horizons with Internet marketing, then you can
keep doing what you’re doing and keep getting what you’re getting.”
“If the reason you ordered the material is because of your curiosity, then let’s explore
it!”
“We’re interested in your dreams, focused on your commitments.”
“More people lose more money from indecision than bad decisions every day in
business.”
“If we could all get rich by reading books, we’d find everyone at the library.”
“Some people succeed because they are destined to, but most people succeed because
they are determined to.”
“What would you do if you weren’t afraid?” –Who Moved My Cheese
“When you move beyond fear, you feel free.” –Who Moved My Cheese
“Insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result.”
“Giving never moves in a straight line, it always moves in circles.” –Robert Schuller
GOALS
*If you don’t expect much, you won’t be disappointed when you don’t get much. But, that’s the
problem. If you don’t expect much, you entirely rule out the chance of winning.
*We worry about things we would like to do but can’t, instead of doing the things we can but don’t. 
www.getwsodownload.com

*There are two primary choices in our lives: to accept conditions as they exist or to accept the
responsibility for changing them.
*The greatest security is to plan and act- to take the risk of what will ultimately make you independent.
*Success is the process of becoming what we can and should be. The truth is, we can’t buy success or
happiness, nor can we wear it, drive it, live in it, or travel to it. Success and happiness, are rooted in the
inner life, and being and living through the seasons of dreaming, planning, sowing, and reaping.
*A goal casually set and lightly taken is freely at the first obstacle.
*Those who say it can’t be done are frequently interrupted by others doing it.
*It’s just as difficult to reach a destination you don’t have as it is to come back from a place you’ve never
been.
*Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goals.
*A man without purpose is like a ship without a rudder.
INVESTMENT STATEMENTS
*There is no cost in successful living. Those who coast are always going downhill.
*The money will always be an excuse.
*_________, we tell you this professionally- if you are in the financial situation of not being able to
afford this program, then you need this program more than anybody else.
*There are four ways people get wealthy; they earn it, they inherit it, they steal it, or they invest it. This
program is a good investment.
*Are you completely satisfied with your finances? No? I would ask you very professionally, when would
you like to change that?
PROCRASTINATION
*How long have you been thinking about financial independence? There is never a perfect time.
*Live as you wish your kids would.
www.getwsodownload.com

*People don’t fail, they give up.
*You and I are not getting any younger, are we? When do you think is the best time to make some
changes and begin making things really happen? We can honestly tell you that those people who are
decision-makers and are aggressive and motivated are very, very successful on this program.
* “Others can stop you temporarily- you are the only one who can do it permanently.”
*Sacrifice is giving up something now for something in the future.
*One who lacks courage to start has already finished.
*”The only way to avoid failure at all costs is to do nothing.” WAITLEY
*There is more money lost from indecision than bad decision.
*”What you are shouts so loudly in my ears, I cannot hear what you say.” EMERSON
*If every day each of us would just do the things we know very well, we should really be doing, we’d
always be ahead of the game instead of lagging forever behind and then having to run like mad to catch
up.
*There is little possibility of a person losing future success by a blowout. It is always a series of slow
leaks- a little weakness, a little procrastination, a little indecision, and a little lethargy- and before we
know it, we have lost our potential success by default. We lose it simply because we don’t make firm
decisions to work from.
www.getwsodownload.com