for a certain level of income. And then that now affects everything else they do. It affects how they price, it affects how they package, how they present, how they sell, how they market, what kind of clients they go after. And so you see it expressed many different ways. So you'll see it with somebody who has a great business system and does very, very well, but they only do well in an environment with clients who, as a practical matter, the most they can get out of a client is $50,000. And there's a place over here they could go and apply that system where there are clients who could give them $200,000. And intellectually, this goes on all the time in consulting, intellectually they will see it, they will acknowledge it, they'll discuss its existence, they will acknowledge the fact that you could transplant them in their system from here to there, and they could be dealing with people who would give them four times as much money as the people they're dealing with now, and so you could get complete intellectual agreement and then six months later you have the same conversation, six months later you have the same conversation, six months later they have the same conversation and they never move over there. Well, why don't they move over there? You have complete intellectual agreement, but still nothing happens, right? Well, nothing happens because in many respects it's because they don't wanna go get four times the money, and so they don't think they belong there, they don't wanna give up where they are, and so that's all about them, it's not about any sort of practical reality whatsoever, and so issues about money. The second big category is what I would call ego sensitivity, and ego's fine, you gotta have a big ego. I mean, you saw, you saw it rather benignly played out, I suppose, but you certainly saw two competitive egos last night demonstrated. I mean, without, without I think being consciously aware of it, and I don't mean anything bad by it, I just use it as an illustration, so please don't misunderstand me, it would have been worse if it was Halbert, what I'm about to say, so. It would have been more obvious and blatant and less elegant, but whether conscious or unconscious, of course, Jay really would have preferred I said nothing, and he was as much showing off for me as he was for anybody else. Vice versa, I'm not, I could sit there and say nothing, but I'm not gonna let that happen, and in part, I'm showing off as much for him as anybody else. We can understand you. Hmm? We can understand you. Well, I mean, look, that's a whole nother topic. It's a topic really worth discussion and study, but the clock won't let me, but it's a whole nother time. But then the second part of that story is, you understand that neither one of us have any real sensitivity about, first of all, what any of you thought, as I say, it was quite irrelevant, so like it. I thought it was up there. Hmm? Yes, yeah. Well, you were almost irrelevant. I mean, I mean, it was like, I mean, we needed something, but it frankly didn't matter what it was. And I toyed, by the way, I toyed, and I didn't do it, because I wanted to send him the questionnaires ahead of time, I toyed with switching and sticking a complete ringer in, some bullshit thing of somebody who was starting a multi-level company for sweet potato fries that were shelf stable, that were made out of, and just sticking them, but I mean, I didn't do it.