There's a few of them. I thought were interesting. So this is a I don't know if any of these people here or not I'm knowing this is a doctor donor or Donner. He's a medical doctor from I need tone in New York wherever that is. I Go read the whole thing. I'm just gonna reach at the saline part So it's about a marketing campaign he did for Botox Really in a mark in a two-week marketing campaign. We took in almost $14,000 and prepaid Botox with a return on investment of 10 to 1 Unfortunately a plastic surgeon in the area called me up and demanded that I stop the ads because it looked like I was a car salesman And it was very unprofessional and then ended up saying that if I didn't stop He was going to come into my area and start advertising. He all he also said that I was an asshole After the phone call I was shaking but not really nervous because I didn't think he was going to come into my area But they used car salesman remark did make me a little unhappy Of course, but the taking in of almost $14,000 was sell to that wound And made me feel quite good I'm now going back to my area and to his area with the same kind of offer and it will be interesting to see what happens All right now Now what's what's cool about that is the end of course the punchline, but that ain't how most people react Not how most people react We had a guy This again is the most dramatic example I've ever seen of it of the opposite of immunity to criticism and I'm not going to get the numbers right now from memory, but when My body tells him and I were doing practice management stuff. We would take chiropractors and under essentially what we would call today a coaching program and And at the time we were teaching prepay so Most chiropractors charge charge now and certainly then charged by the visit, you know, so time probably What's an average visit now for the average guy Chris? Yeah, or what they're charging just Yeah, see it was probably late 70s what 25 bucks 20 bucks. Yeah So you got to do a lot of visits of 20 bucks a visit, you know to make a lot of money And so we taught prepay, you know So you're gonna come in 46 times the first eight weeks and 12 times the next eight and it all adds up to $16,000 and you can buy it for 11 so So we had this one young guy I mean this kid's right out of school and dumb as a box of rocks which actually helped So he's in practice for like three months and so we teach him prepay and he's dumb enough You know to go sit in his office and do prepay and use the script and So he's like barely paying the light bill and borrowing money from his parents and sleeping on a couch and you know whatever I mean the kid is you know not making a living and I'm not gonna get the exact number now But I'm gonna say like his second month. He's done. He's doing like 60 65,000 which think about it at an average sale of $12,000 it's not you know one a week It's 48,000 bucks and the worst direct sales guys in the country average one a week So so he's like doing great, right? So now he's paid the parents back and he's moved out and he's got a car and he's hired a staff person and like the next month he does 80 and And every Sunday they have the family dinner and yeah, so mama dispatches the priest To the office to counsel him And so father whatever Mahayee, you know from the parish shows up marches in sits him down and And has a conversation to save him because of course mama knows You can't be making this kind of money unless you're doing something Disreputable on ethical illegal and immoral for which you may burn Eternally in hell next to the people who did need fish sticks when they were told to eat fish sticks In fact, you might even get closer to the furnace because they changed the fish stick rule, but they haven't changed the fraud So I Believe me I make fun of all of them. So if you're Catholic don't Don't bother sending me a letter. Okay. All it does is egg me on So So guess what this kid's volume was next month For like four thousand bucks. I mean it destroyed him like this Never recovered certainly nothing we could do could put him back together because who are you compared to God? I mean, I mean, and you know the kid was raised a Catholic condition went to Jerk went to church or something so forth. So, you know, it was over right now. That's the most extreme