after another. Martha Stewart, same category. This is a, this was a really good article by the way, very critical, but it's an article in May 2009 of Vanity Fair about Limbaugh titled The Man Who Ate the GOP in a nice flattering drawing of Rush and a couple of things. The power of conservative radio is a phenomenon as much of direct marketing as it is of politics. For 20 years, three hours a day, by the way, it's 20 years. For 20 years, three hours a day, nothing in radio has soon moved the audience to action has Rush. And they go on to draw the correlation. The reason Rush works for direct response advertisers is because his people do what he tells them to do. So just as he can mobilize 2 million emails to a congressman overnight, he can mobilize 2 million phone calls to, you know, when moderate Republicans talk about the Rush effect, there's a pain with which I sympathize. Arguably no message apparatus like it exists in the nation except perhaps at the White House or with Oprah, whose position with American women is curiously inagurous to Rush's position with American conservatives. Limbaugh's fractious month of calculated outrage when he was at war with the Republican Party, it's got his audience all the way back up to 30 million. He can pick a fight like nobody's business. And most of the article is, of course, an attack on everything from the plane he owns to the money he makes to his politics to whatever. And he may be even more so than Oprah. He actually exists because of the attacks and the criticism and the ugliness. If that wasn't there, there might very well be no, what did he just sign, resign for, 80 million or 100 million or 120 million, whatever the number was. It's one of those numbers that at a certain point it doesn't make any difference. And so these people have to be, they have to be immune to all of this. And what they've all learned, which is not new, I teach it all the time, what they've all learned and exemplify on a big scale is that they only care about what their constituency that gives them money thinks. And they don't care about what anybody else thinks. If anything, they understand there's a ratio and value to having a constituency that won't give you money, really hate you and revile you and criticize you and make fun of you so that you have an enemy for the people, your constituency who does love you to interact with and to have a battle with. But what they have in common is this extreme commitment to the idea that no opinion counts unless you happen to be in the constituency of people who contributes to my income. So it's not new, I've taught it as you know, but people like this are extreme in their adherence to it. And not a lot of people ever get, I think, to that point. But now if you go back to the list, and so if you go get the Forbes 400 list of the regular, if you get the entertainment list that's in your mail, and you start to think about this and each of these people on the list, you'll find that it's on more of the list than others. So my summary about this is on 161 is that you don't have to be one, but you have to be okay with being identified as one. You may have seen a little lead generation piece in the news, not lead generation, because it wasn't selling anything. I noticed in the newsletter that one of the things I'm working on, I'm not even sure I'm going to do it, but I'm playing with at the moment is really a better way to say it, possibly a book on this, on immunity to criticism. And it got this many, I only have this many with me, but it got this many responses. I mean, it touched, as I thought it would, it touched a nerve with a lot of people.