and putting the money in and building the hotel as he went. And so you basically, you bought this $396 package that gave you $700 to gamble with, which was match play money, and all the booze you could drink, and meals in your room, and so forth. And so all the rooms, there's wires hanging, and there's only one outlet, and the mirrored wall, but it's put up with four of them, a little adhesive square, so it's popping off. You know, it's hilarious. The whole thing was funny, but I got to know a little bit. And so after the whole thing was over, he sold it to Les Berman, who is sort of the Danny DeVito character. They turned it into stratosphere, eliminated pretty much all, everything Bob had been doing. And so it's a second rate, very ordinary joint now, but the one thing I will tell you, there's like a roller coaster thing on the outside of the building where you ride on a giant monkey or something. I would not recommend taking this ride. Cause it's the last thing that was built while Stupak was still there, and I wouldn't suggest it. I do know a couple of years ago, there were eight Japanese tourists trapped up there for six and a half hours, cause the thing just stopped with them hanging upside down. And I'm sure downstairs everybody was taking odds on, you know, there was, I mean, there was a pool on if, and how long, you know. But so Bob, Bob, I was meeting with actually for Guthrie Wanker to talk about an information. And so Bob, first of all, he made an interesting statement. He said that nobody has a gambling problem. He said people have losing problems. He said, but nobody has a gambling problem. He said the problem's not gambling, the problem's losing. And he says you have to understand that contrary to every piece of wisdom stated about Vegas, it is possible to come here and not lose. There's a number of different ways you can come here and not lose. First of all, you can come and not play, right? So that's one way. There's lots of other shit to do. You don't have to play. He said, secondly, you can come and if you will play basic strategy, blackjack, and you will learn basic strategy, blackjack, and you will not deviate from basic strategy, blackjack. He said nine out of 10 times, you will not lose, you will break even, or you will even win a little money. He said there's four or five other things I can teach people to do that at least nine out of 10 times they won't lose. He said, but you have to understand. We have trained all the customers that A, they're gonna lose, they're supposed to lose, they expect to lose, they come here to lose, and they're pretty much happy about losing. And he said there's bragging rights in how much you lost. And in reality, I've been on junkets, so you take the junket flight, where everybody gets a little button and you get the flight for free and a meal for free, but you gotta stay in the place and gamble. So that trip home, everybody is competing for who lost how much, that's the dialogue. And it's bragging rights. So if you stop to think about what they've done, consciously or I don't know, but brilliantly, they have pre-framed the customer to set the thermostat at loss. As a matter of fact, most people go having predetermined the amount of money they are going to lose. They have set the budget at how much that, not something exceeded of course, but nevertheless, not only do they expect to lose, they predetermined a certain amount of money that they are gonna lose. It's remarkable really, isn't it? I mean, when you stop to think about it, that a million people a year or so, whatever the number is, will get on airplanes and in cars and go someplace to purportedly to gamble, which gambling suggests by dictionary definition that it's a game of chance and therefore there's a chance of winning, but they go predetermined to lose and predetermined to lose a certain amount of money. Well, they're gonna lose pretty much no matter what. He said, you really, he said, we rigged the games, but we really wouldn't have to. They'd lose, it might just take longer, but they'd lose. He said, because if they win, no matter how much they win, what do they do? They keep playing. He said, they keep playing. I gambled professionally for a year, it's all I did. Well, I gambled, I said, amateur, but it's all I did. And this is pre-Simalcast, so if you're at the track tonight, you can bet 300 tracks on TV.