Sort of within the parameters and so now they'll tell me What they want it to look like in terms of income and how much they work or how less they work and I don't have a good operations guy now, but three years from now. I really want a good operations guy. I want to Not work on Fridays. I want to take two months off and go to Spain. I want to make seven figures. I want to Whatever and so they'll give me a description, right? And so the exercise is then Is then blind blindingly simple the exercise is the question of Well, why doesn't it already look like that? Why aren't you already there? Because if you can describe it and You know, that's where you want to be so if you narrow it down to something really simple So like I used to when I lived in Phoenix and a flu commercial And flew around the country almost inevitably You'd be on a flight like with a tourist or something, right? And so they're really excited about going to Phoenix But the eight year in August you ain't excited about getting back to Phoenix, but they're excited, you know, so You never you don't have this conversation by the way about flying to Cleveland so one of the virtues of being here is it eliminates this conversation but But yeah, well see, you know, you don't have to worry about the conversation because nobody nobody even goes to Buffalo so I mean in case you didn't know it. That's our that's what it says on our license plates. If you don't look close It says at least we're not Buffalo Yeah, yeah So but the conversation was was always this a seatmate would start talking about how excited they were to get in Do you live there? You know? Yeah, I live there. I'm going home, you know, so it'd be I'm going over. Are you on vacation? Are you going home? I'm going home. Oh Oh, I wish I I wish I lived there and then they would tell you know I live in Buffalo and we got snubbed our ass and the economy's bad and the people are all nasty and Oh, I wish I lived in Phoenix. I said far as I know. There's no like immigration policy Not even from Mexico. We don't even have an immigration policy Y'all can just come in, you know, I mean, there's no admission price. There's no nothing you Go home pack up your shit Come here. That's how I got here So I lived in Cleveland. I decided I didn't want to live there anymore I wanted to get as far from it in terms of Geography and climate as I could without going into California. And so that's Arizona on a map and I loaded all my shit up and to you haul it and I hooked him to my cars and Off I went you do the same thing. They probably got a you haul a place in Buffalo. Oh, I'm Load your shit up and you all come on. You're welcome, you know and They're like clueless about this concept, you know, I mean, huh? And so so the real question is well if this really is where you want to be why aren't you already here? Just know they got you haul it's you can come You know and if you actually then have the conversation with them the list of why they aren't already there for something as simple as this It's like ridiculous. I mean, it's just ridiculous. Well, why aren't you already here? Well, because I got a job at Buffalo jobs and Phoenix Lots of even now by the way, but When we were having this conversation boom in so there's more jobs there than Buffalo, right and then well what's your job? And it would usually be some doofus shitty job that you could get anywhere anyway, you know, I mean, it's not like oh I'm in charge of Buffalo's nuclear reactor, you know It was never an answer like that it was you know, I'm a waitress. Oh, there's no Stay there cuz you know, I mean, so it'd be that kind of conversation about well well because my family's in Buffalo. Well, great But get a bigger you haul it Bring them along go back and visit them what you get here. We don't it's not like we don't let you Leave for three days at a time. You can get a pass you can go back visit them I go back visit my family and then I moved them all out here because if I was going to support them all it was cheaper To have them where I was that have them back there where there was 18 feet of snow and bad weather and big heating bills So you know, I mean and so you got a list that is all nonsense It was all and so now more complex issues obviously have more complicated lists, but still So the first time I was asked this it was like huh So I described where I was and where I wanted to be and the guy sat there and said well Tell me why you weren't already there And I'm like, huh? Well, there must be some reasons why aren't if that why aren't why aren't you already doing that? Cuz I'm doing this other thing well, I'll stop Huh right we mean stop stop would be you know don't don't do that anymore Do that because that's what you want to be doing well And and I mean he would sit there but what why else aren't you already there and After about four or five answers by the way, I have any more answers and my answers well just about as shitty as the person I'm done. Yeah, so you may have better answers, but This is the question of all questions for everything right so somebody says to you. Oh Man, I wish I was thinner You know, well, why aren't you? Really well How come you know what why aren't you already? Oh, I wish I was 20 pounds. I well why haven't you already lost 20 pounds?