Okay, so four categories. One which we will not spend but a minute on because again, there's much talk about this elsewhere, but it is still a big, it is one of the big four categories, is simply issues with money. And I am unceasingly amazed at the ways people can find to disrupt, interrupt and stop the flow of money to them. Based on their own inner game. I've told the story that there's, there is for one of any simpler explanation, there is I believe literally a thermostat that people set on the wall about what they're supposed to make. And then they go through enormous gyrations not to violate the thermostat. I had a salesman for three years and it was the most amazing demonstration of this I've ever seen in my life. Because this guy, he was a $50,000 a year guy. And he knew he was a $50,000 a year guy. To such a degree that if it was the 29th day of the month and he hadn't done any business all month, somehow miraculously by the 30th, he would do enough business to make five grand in commissions. If he had done enough business by noon on the first day of the month to make five grand in commissions, the ensuing 29 days of disaster tragedy, self-sabotage, soap opera and drama were an amazing spectacle to watch. It is impossible for any one person to fit this much crisis into a single 30 day period, let alone repetitively. I mean, it was just amazing. I mean, walking to the office and in a perfectly good part of the office, the ceiling would fall, hit him on the head and send him to the hospital and put him out of commission for a week. I mean, no water leakage, no nothing. No explanation other than somehow he was able to mentally attract the ceiling to fall on his head. I mean, his car caught fire. I mean, spontaneously driving down the road. Blah, blah, blah, carpools. I mean, it's just astounding. And it's not as obvious with most people, certainly not as obvious with ourselves. But I think it's true. I think people have a thermostat that they have for a whole collection of reasons, set at a number, and they calibrate behavior in order to come very, very close to that thermostat. And as marketers, by the way, we want to set thermostats for other people. So the guy that built Vegas World, which is now Stratosphere, his name's Bob Stupak. And so if you're in Vegas the next time, first of all, if you don't know the story, it's in one of my, some of it's in one of my books. And there's a whole book about Stupak, which is worth reading, the title of which now escapes me. Does anybody know the title? It slipped my mind. So Bob, Vegas World was like, if you ever saw the original Vegas World. So Vegas World was a one floor slots parlor. They're almost dead in Vegas now, but at one time there were a lot of them. Where literally there's no hotel, it's just a square with slot machines in it. So that's what it started. And he built the entire thing with cash flow, not with debt by selling prepaid vacation packages. And so when he got some money in, he built another floor. And when he got some money in, he built another floor. So there was perpetual and constant construction of very poor and questionable quality. No limit, rise and fall above Stupak? Thank you. Would you do Google it? Good for you. Good for you. So it's no limit, the rise and fall above Stupak. There's also a book about Harris called Jackpot and their marketing, which is also very good by the way. But Stupak's a real character. I mean, he's a complete nut, always was. But he built Vegas World by the skin of his, I mean, so selling vacation packages with full page ads and newspapers and magazines.