Well, because the result is the same, right? And so, now by compassion, I mean, I like these people. I don't want to see them lose their restaurant and lose their house and fail, so I have compassion for them. But I have utter and complete disdain for them. Because really, to sit there, like two lumps on two bar stools, at their own bar, and watch their entire life slipping away and do nothing about it, but count how it's slipping away, how can you have anything but utter and complete disdain for them? I mean, what they really need, of course, is somebody to drag them out behind a place and give them a good whip, right? And kick some butt. I mean, so, but when you think about this, having this attitude is, again, contrary and contradictory to everything you've been taught. You probably should have been in a room, because you need 10 years before you're allowed to totally do this. But I will tell you, I will say this to you, that I probably shouldn't. You probably have heard have respect for your elders, right? And parents teach that to their kids. It's a shitty thing to teach, okay? Because most elders don't deserve respect, right? They deserve courtesy, but respect is earned, right? Courtesies deserve purely by their longevity, but that's it. Respect ought to be earned based on merit. I mean, you should be doing something to justify respect. I mean, it's that. So, now this means, I'm on page 175, this means that you are going to be offensive to a lot of people. I just was. Not to many in here, but to some. And really, it's hard now to have this philosophical position and hide it. It sort of comes through. And in many cases, you don't want to hide it at all. You want to use it. And that means there's a lot of people who, you know, aren't going to like you. And I'm going to find you an offensive individual. And to the degree that that disturbs you is the degree of limitation on your achievement and your income. And to the degree that it does not disturb you at all, then you are liberated in income and other ways. It's a difficult, I think, philosophical position, but I happen to think it is a necessary and important philosophical position. And I am going to end there by saying, I've had a great three days. I hope you had a good three days. I am. Thank you. Don't be running, because if you don't need to, because we're going to do a little Q&A, but if you need to, fine. And for the guy in the back row who didn't applaud at all, screw you. I don't be looking. There was no guy in the back row. But I had a great three. I hope you had a great three. And more importantly, I hope something happens for you. You do something as a result if you haven't been here. But we have 20 minutes or so, and I am happy to have some final conversation with anybody who would like to have some final conversation. There are, of course, microphones on the table, and I am going to move over there. If nobody wants to play, that's okay too. But if you wish, we shall proceed for a little while. No. But I'll do it in another place at another time. Dan, did you know that Warren Block would name his first airplane, the Indefensible? Yes. Which absolutely it is. It's impossible on a purely economic basis. Well, maybe not at Buffett's income level. Come to think of it. I mean, it's impossible on an economic basis at mine. But maybe not at Buffett's level. You might actually be able to make a legitimate economic case for it. But I just looked at the nice new hawker that just came out. I mean, it's a $22 million aircraft. You know, and that's just a price tag. That ain't, as you know, maintaining that puppy. So, you know, it's not a trivial decision.