I've ever seen but again not all are so blatant, but Yeah, this one's long I'm gonna skip it. Let me see this one this one was I think this one was interesting Oh, this is really cool. This is a guy who sent me This is a copywriter, I don't know him his name is Daniel Leviss or Leviss I Leviss yeah, I don't know him but So here's his blog the headline says you copywriters are all going to hell and So again, I'm just gonna repark earlier this week. I had a subscriber write me and tell me that what I was teaching was demonic She said I was showing people how to pray on sin and human weakness And I was encouraging my students to manipulate people to get them to do things They otherwise wouldn't and then anybody who followed my advice was going straight to hell Of course there was some truth and what the lady was saying my teachings are manipulative and they do get people to try new things They otherwise wouldn't every mother manipulates her baby if she wants it to live every time you go to the bank You manipulate to tell her when you go to a restaurant if you're smart You manipulate the waiter into giving you better service and the waiter manipulates you into coughing up a bigger tip And the teachers in school manipulate the students into learning to read and write at least the good ones do and life is one giant Manipulation does that mean we're all going to hell I think not persuasion is just a tool like any other tool can be used to destroy or create Judging from this lady's reference to Helen demonic and San I'd wager She's under the spell of the biggest the most destructive manipulation of them all The truth is whether you appeal to vice or virtue in your sales copy has nothing to do with whether you go to hell or heaven Etc etc etc Persuasion is full of ethical questions, which it is the blog goes on and on and on and on and on but What I would say about this is if you don't get mail like this Sometimes you ain't doing much. I certainly get it. I mean I got funny ones. I mean we keep the funny ones But Huh? Oh, you know you put on you like a like a like a hex. Yeah well Is that what's done to your growth is that what happened? Oh A Haitian cab driver to land a baby go away, huh? Mm-hmm. Yep. Hey Never oh, well, that's even better. Yeah. Wow. There you go You didn't have to take take your pepsid before dinner and you got your curse lifted all for the price of a cab ride But what more could you ask and one belief is about as good as an axe, right? So here's the last one This is auto repair guy I recently ran into a technician friend co-owner from way back. He laughed about my TV commercial Which by the way is a testimonial type in from Marshall ad yet? He come he commented that 150% money back guarantees ridiculous. I Would love to tell him that we just got told The accountant says we're up 800% in profit and sales from three years ago And he's never seen anything like this by the way also the local big mouth Told me other Texan shop owners were laughing about me As well and about my loaner car program Thanks Dan for your book I bought in Chicago when you talked about a car repair shop that had 24 loaner cars When they like to know how to get the right people in the cars I won't read all that I sat in my hotel room. They read on the books now the tech from down the road says When he stopped by the other night and gazes at my fleet of six loaner cars He doesn't understand how I did it. I've been heckled in the street picketed had a hundred thousand dollars in used cars stolen from me Been vandalized Criticized for price by competitors been told my Christmas toy drive for the Salvation Army was just a free ticket for advertising I'm criticized for offering to fix people's cars for more and they are worth by my own employees Even though they will cash their paychecks with the proceeds from the same promotions I'm criticized for working from seven in the morning until eleven o'clock at night for years to build the business But the friends from years ago would now take me aside and would like to borrow money On and on and on and on I am now a self-proclaimed celebrity expert in the field of criticism So he's ready to be interviewed for the book Most people oh then he sent me a second fax because he was really into this I was also criticized for hiring a consulting firm for a day for seven thousand dollars to identify a problem that eventually led to $200,000 in additional revenues. So he's he's I'll really into this now, of course. These these are us right these are our guys most people