Hey everyone, this is Russell and welcome you guys to the webinar if you can hear me right now Please say yes over in the question box All you guys already thrown out in our marking slaying to me Awesome awesome. Hey guys and gals we have a lot of you guys on and I hope you guys are fired up this is the beginning of the new black box training and I Seriously, I cannot put on sleep for the last like two weeks or so as I've been putting this whole thing together because Literally I look at everything that we've taught and trained on over the last ten years here in our company And this is like the the epitome of that It's all these the best pieces put into one funnel in one Format that I think is easy to implement I think can give you the most return the fastest on any idea anything you're doing and that's why I'm so excited for it and And I'm excited for you guys I think that this will be the turning point a lot of your guys career for those you've been doing this kind of stuff for a While and so as you know if you went through the some of the handouts and stuff I sent you guys throughout the last couple days This is the first of eight core training webinars We're gonna be going over and basically what's happening is each of these webinars is happening on a Tuesday and then And if you're watching this live then it's live right now If you're watching this afterwards the this first these ones will be recorded So you have a chance to watch those and then from Tuesday till Friday We're inside the members area There's gonna be a little spot where you can actually go and you can submit video or audio questions for me specifically and It's a really cool format where I have the ability to respond back to you really easily through through video or through audio And so we can ask you ask me directly questions like that throughout the week and then at the end of the week on Friday Well most Fridays unless obviously something's happening around the office or whatever We'll have open office hours where you can call in and talk to either me Brent co-peters on my team who runs all the operations of our business, but also runs all of our affiliate management stuff and solo ads and list buying a bunch of stuff like that or John Park who does all of our Traffic generation Facebook things like that and so basically you can call in and ask this question specific to any of those things or whatever you want And so it's kind of fun We have a lot of one-on-one time with us between sessions and and each week because we want to make sure that you guys get each of these concepts dialed in implemented and making your money making you money because What I want more than anything out of this is I want a ton of success stories because it just makes well makes me look good and It makes you guys a lot of money and it's just it makes everything a lot more fun seeing success stories at the end of this So that's kind of what we're doing and why we're doing it And so so yeah if you guys have questions like I said, this is the most I think hands-on We've ever had in any training program we've done before and we're gonna I care about you guys and want you guys to have a lot of success. So I'm fired up. I hope you guys are as well Let's see. What else do I need to cover? Yeah, that's about it so this first This first module is gonna be a little different than than the rest of the modules For those of you guys who I talked to you specifically about this training program The reason why it's different than I think any other training program is it's not gonna be outside of today today's lesson We kind of like this where I'm kind of more giving you information than sending you out to go work All the rest of them is gonna be literally like an over-the-shoulder coaching program Where you're sitting behind me looking over my shoulder and watching me do something and you just do the exact same thing Just copy it and what I found in the past is that's how people have the most success instead of me saying Here's the theory about why you should do blah blah blah. I'm just gonna do it I'm gonna do it and so for example, we're actually gonna be building out an entire funnel with you and you're gonna see me do everything You're gonna see me buy my logo get the domain. We're gonna see me set up the hosting You're gonna see me build a funnel. You're gonna see me how I pick my niche like everything You guys have a chance to actually see and all you've got to do is literally just replicate that with whatever business it is a year in and And so if you are a good copier, which that's if you look at my business I've shown some of you guys recently on a we did our decade in the day Full day of virtual webinar and I was showing you guys how like my business is literally that we see somebody else's stuff Looks awesome and we model it we copy it would make it look similar and we guys are the same thing obviously, you're not gonna copy my my product or my idea or anything like that But you're gonna copy the process and if you just copy it clone it follow the exact same steps I do you should be able to get very similar results as well. And so That's that's kind of the game plan Let me think of any of the house cleaning things before we before we dive into this I think that's I think that's the core stuff. So Like I said, this very first training is a little bit different just because there are some foundational stuff I want you guys to think about and although a lot of you guys You already kind of know what market you want to be in and so this is the stuff though If you don't quite know yet This is gonna help you make that very clear and if you do know the market you're gonna be in this is gonna help you to make Sure that you are going the right direction within that market. I can't tell you how many of our students have come through that We've done work with from both You know one-on-one coaching or group coaching or whatever it might be who they've spent weeks or months or even years like going down this path Chasing this dream in a market. They're passionate about but because they they made the wrong decisions up front You look at a year from now and they're just clear off Clear off course and so I really think that if we spend a little time this this initial training and get everyone focused the right direction Make sure you pick the right niches make sure you're kind of going the right direction Then everything you do moving forward will be correct and it'll be so much easier to get your end destination And so that's kind of the the game plan That's why we have the the the other coaching elements in place for you guys So you you can ask me if you get stuck and say, you know, this is my niche You think it's good or bad and we kind of guide you and just make sure that you're going the right direction That way when you're building all the other pieces and doing all the other things There won't be any mistakes along the way, okay? All right, so that is it And we're gonna dive in you guys If you have any questions along the way again for those who are live right now, you can ask me in the future If this is recording you're watching the future then all you got to do obviously is message us throughout the week And we will get it for you as well. Okay, so I'm gonna jump right in. I've also sent you guys all a PDF Download I you should have it. This is what it looks like if you do have it printed out and have it in front of you It's very similar to the slides that we'll be going through It'll give you the ability to kind of take notes while we're while we're going through this. Okay. All right, so this process you guys and this is A process I've talked about a lot over the years. I originally learned this from a really smart guy named Frank Kern and He was teaching this concept called the underachiever formula and later some of you guys may know that we we bought that brand from him And we've republished it and I'm actually in the process of turning the underachiever book into a free plus shipping So I am practicing what I preach But the core message of the whole entire underachiever product and what I really want to focus on right here because this is the foundation for everything Is the be successful in this business you guys? It's three steps It's not going out there and creating what you want or what you think people are gonna buy It's it's kind of going at it backwards. Okay step number one is you've got to find a hot market And I'm gonna show you guys in excruciating detail how to find a hot market And the second question is is not now I found a hot market This will sell them something which is what I promise you probably 80% of you guys have done in the past Your second question is we got to find out what these guys actually want to buy Okay, so second question is ask that or second step is we ask them what they want and then third step is we just give it to Him okay, it's very simple people always ask me Russell. How are you so smart? How'd you know to sell people that or whatever? I wasn't that smart. I found a market of people that wanted to buy something I asked them what they wanted I went and created it and then I brought it to him. It really is that simple Business people complicated way too much all the time where you understand this is the process it becomes really really simple So I'm gonna show you guys how we go through this this three-step process So that you'll understand All the pieces and you make sure you're picking the right market I'm gonna show you the right way to ask them so they will tell you what they want And then we're gonna show you kind of how to how to give that to them in a way that you can monetize and make the most amount of Money with okay, all right, so again step number one here is finding a hot market Let me ask you for those who are on this live right now. How many guys and gals think you have already Figured out the right market. You know exactly what market you want to be in and you're pretty confident about that If you are and I'll go to the question box and just let me know I'm just curious How many guys already think you've got the right market? Okay, we got a couple of them know that no Steve's got it, you know, it's forex who says market Okay, good so a bunch of you guys know Some of you guys have no idea good I don't know but I want to make sure it supports an $8,000 back-end Good. No, that's actually a really good point. Okay. What we're talking about a lot You guys is selling something a high ticket selling, you know a five or ten or you know a thousand dollar thing And a lot of it has to do with market selection You know one of my very first markets that I ever went into and I will talk to you guys about this throughout this one Was the potato gun market? It was a hot market people were looking for potato gun information I asked what they wanted I created I sold that I made money, but guess what in the potato gun market There's no one paying $8,000 for a potato gun, you know like home study course or a seminar or anything The markets very very shallow so you can make money in a shallow market But you can't make a lot of money and so it's good to find a market that can support a deep back-end So anyway, that was good Okay cool All right, so step number one is finding hot market now Let's go through how to find a hot market the first thing that I always ask is does it contain a large number of people? Okay, again the the biggest problem with the potato gun market is the market's not that big unfortunately Like I said you can make some money in it But if you want to build this new a big business where you can you can make you know six figures or seven figures a year You got to make sure it's got a large enough Number of people that are that are interested in it I'm gonna show you guys some ways here in a minute to kind of find out how many people are in there But I think part of you can kind of tell like if you think about like if you were you know If you look at in your hometown or you look at this in a typical city like like there are a bunch people in there They're interested in that topic or you kind of the only one talking about it number two and this is one that This one kind of makes me laugh But people in in the market are usually irrationally passionate about it Okay, if it's if it's a market like we had one of our students He paid us ten thousand dollars came through a coaching program and he had spent so much time and energy building out this product to help Cub Scout Masters and And I remember he came to me and he's like I found this niche there's nobody else in there's not a single product being sold in it and And he's like it's gonna be the greatest thing in the world and he had spent like so much money on it And I looked at I said look I was like there are a lot of Cub Scout Masters in the world You're right. They're all over the place, but I'm like but are they irrationally passionate? They do they spend insane amounts of money on on dumb things The answer was no and there's the reason why there's not this huge market of people selling to Cub Scout leaders You know, it's a big market, but they're not irrationally passionate about their topic. Okay, I look at I Look at the markets that I the things that I that I'm passionate about and I want you to think about this for yourself So like what what things in your life are you irrationally passionate about because most of those things are probably gonna be a good market? Okay for me wrestling I'm I'm very passionate about I buy all sorts of wrestling books and shirts and t-shirts and stuff like that, right? I'm passionate about it Look at like the MMA world very passionate about that as well same thing I buy all sorts of just dumb things Like the health and nutrition market is big for me this morning I would say I probably take every morning somewhere between 30 and 40 pills every morning because I'm sold on every single supplement out there I'm drinking like this magic butter Mts MCT oil every single morning. I talk about them my friends like I'm addicted to like talking about this thing I'm irrationally passionate about it. Okay, like like I'm the kind of person wakes in the morning I literally melt butter in a cup and I drink it because I'm passionate about this thing like is that rational probably not for most people Most you guys want Captain Crunch for breakfast, but I'm drinking butter because because I've read something I've studied and I believe in this thing right and I'm I'm passionate those the kind of markets You want to go after where people are are literally crazy because if you can find those that's the kind of people that spend a lot of money Okay, animal markets are usually pretty good people are usually crazy about their pets That's one one key thing is just think about the people that are in the market and how passionate are they about it? And again look point back in towards you and think about the things that I think over the last 30 days The dumb things you spent money on okay? And I bet you you're gonna find four or five markets that are probably really good markets because they're things that you're already Passionate about you're probably reading blogs about it. You're probably on Facebook You're probably buying stuff because you're passionate about it, right? So those are things look at number three is That market needs to have excuse me needs to have a disposable income. Okay, if they don't have money to spend then You can't be successful there a good example That is actually the wrestling market one of my one of my mentors was a guy named Matt fury and he was a wrestler He created a bunch of wrestling products start trying to sell them and guess what? Wrestlers don't have money. They're a bunch of high school kids And their parents may have money, but none of them do and he really struggled trying to sell stuff But then what he did is a couple years later. He's like man. This is really hard and owns buying it They started looking out there He saw the MMA market which at the time was just emerging it started growing right and what happened is there all these wrestlers and Karate guys and judo guys who who in high school and college were doing this stuff And they went and they got jobs and they got fat and then all of a sudden one day They woke up and they thought you know what I want to be a cage fighter And they started going to the gym to become cage fighters and guess what these guys have disposable income so he changed all his wrestling books from wrestling books to like combat conditioning and and like fighting books that were like using his wrestling stuff, but how could somebody who's you know 35 years old and and And a little overweight and has some disposable income and wants to you know be a cage fighter How do we teach them these skills and boom? We turn that into a multi multi-million dollar your business because he targeted the people that had disposable income So think about that you guys think about who you're who you're targeting Okay, I would have bought a lot of wrestling stuff back when I was in college But I was broke today. I buy a bunch of it because I got disposable income and I want to be a cage fighter I mean who doesn't right so anyway All right number four they have their own jargon. Okay, I think about this a lot in the internet marketing world Okay, those who are passionate about internet marketing like we are the biggest bunch of nerds in the world if you go on Facebook you hear people talking about auto responders and PPC and EPCs and and You know white have black like all these different terms We have our own jargon we've created and when I say things like that around my wife. She stares at me She's like what in the world are you talking about like what language is this right and usually in a market people have their own jargon Okay, we're starting to do a project in the CrossFit market right now And I'm not a big CrossFit guy. I've done it a couple times But I started going in there and they have all of these like these things like the workout of the day the WOD and they You know they call them the I don't know what they call but the WOD is and then you've got the All these different things and they have this whole this whole jargon that if you're in the CrossFit world You know it if you're not you have no idea what they're talking about Okay, and that's just kind of another another sign about a passionate market because they've got their own jargon and And so think about that when you're picking a market like what are the words and the terms that they use that are different? Okay Next is they have their own magazines one of the best ways and I think it's on next slide I'll talk about this more to see if a market as good as if if there's a magazine behind it If there's not a magazine in a niche you're going after it might not be a good niche I remember a couple years ago I wanted to target the athletic niche and so I went and we built this whole big thing out to target people who are athletes I'm like there's tons of out there's billions of athletes like we're gonna be rich right and then one day I was at Barnes and Noble and I was going through the magazine stands and I remembered this somebody had told me this magazine thing And I went to Barnes and Noble I walked through and I couldn't find a I couldn't find a single magazine dedicated to athletes I was like how is this possible? And I started looking closer and they were magazines targeting different niche specifics There are the cross you know the the running magazines and the the martial art magazines and the cycling magazines But there wasn't a single magazine for athletes I started thinking maybe that market is just a little bit too big Maybe I need to scale it back and find an interest in that market one that actually has their own magazines because now when they They're all magazines that means there's a market means there's advertisers means there's there's passionate people There's jar like all these things come into place when there's actually a magazine in the specific market So magazine is actually a really good indicator number six is they may hold their own conferences or events It's not a big thing to look at as well Okay, they have seminars and things like that happening and then number seven. Do they have their own celebrities? the other day I was at church and some lady came up to me and she's like my husband saw one of your videos online You're famous and I hit a corrector. I'm like no no no. I'm internet famous big difference I'm not real famous. I'm internet famous and you want to find markets that have people that are internet famous Okay, if you have like just real famous people like that mark is gonna be a lot harder But if you go and you find people that are internet famous like a bunch of little celebrities Micro celebrities wherever you want to call them internet celebrities Those are gonna be good markets because part of what we're gonna be doing with you guys is targeting those celebrities over the next few weeks and also trying to turn you into one of those celebrities and so if there's Already people that have trailblazed and built that ground and built audiences already for those things It's a million times easier for you to come in and to piggyback off of off of the work They've already done. Okay, if you're going to a market that doesn't have any celebrities right now a lot of times It's gonna be difficult to break through those barriers and be able to go in there and dominate and have a presence Okay, and again, it comes back like the Cub Scout example Like if you want to be the number one Cub Scout guru in the world I'm sure you could do it But guess what because there's nobody there right now. There's probably not much money there right now Okay, go there and find like, you know weight loss celebrities or health and fitness or You know like things like that and making money finance You know whatever it is look for the gurus look for the celebrities wherever you want to call them And if they're there that's a great sign I mean somebody's trailblazed it for you and then we can see a very clear path and how to follow it up Okay, so that's those are some of the things I look I'm trying to find a hot market So here's what eight ways to see if a market's hot or not first off like I said go and check out magazine racks There's not a magazine about it. It's probably not as big of a niche as you might think because especially if you go like the big magazine stores There's magazine on on just about everything out there Number two going to bookstores and see there's books about it If people are writing books about it, and they're on the shelf probably not a big enough market to go after Okay, there's actually one dude who wrote a book on potato guns. It's called the I think it's called the ballistic Canon Bible or something like that. I got a copy of it, but he's the only other dude besides me I know who's selling potato guns up So it's not a big market, but if you go there and you look at natural food or anything else in the world There's just a million books on it. You know those gonna be good good spots Again go to magazines.com good place to look at magazines Amazon.com a great place to look for digital books digital magazines thing like that click bank.com Click bank.com is number one digital retailer of ebooks prior to Amazon obviously dominating the world but prior that click bank was the biggest in the world and And there's there's ebooks being sold on just about every single niche you can dream of so you go to click bank.com Click on the marketplace and start scrolling through and you'll see just all sorts Just tons and tons and tons of books and products and if other people are selling it again It's probably a good sign if you're the first one to come up with the idea. I would definitely run away from it Okay, number six is talking to passionate people Have you ever noticed like when you go to a party or seminar or convention or whatever and you meet people and there's people They're just like bored out of their mind all the time, right? And there's people that are passionate about everything I love listening to crazy passionate people because those are where I find my best markets Not that this person is crazy, but they're very passionate and I was hanging out with him in fact we're doing this whole product for this around this and and I went to dinner and we're eating sushi and he starts talking about About gold and silver and all this stuff and I'd heard about in the past and bored me to death Didn't care about it all and he sat there for like three hours teaching me about it And I was like in thrall who's so passionate about it and excitement. I was just like I'm into it And after I went and bought books on gold and silver I invested I like did a whole bunch of stuff because his passion level was contagious And so my anytime I eat someone's passionate about a topic I listen even if I'm not passionate about it I listen to their passion because usually if if someone's that excited by it again There's a good sign. That's gonna be a hot market for me to go after Number seven is listening to other people's problems One of the best ways to create any kind of product is finding out someone's problem and then just solving it number eight This is gonna be some of you guys homework for tonight Is you got to watch TV the more TV you watch the more weird things you're gonna find out about no It's seriously people have a TV channel around a topic That's probably a good sign that there are people interested in it that it's a good deep enough niche that you can go into Okay, so there's a there's a bunch of stuff you guys to start thinking about as far as As far as your your markets you're going into okay now here's some market filters that we created for you That'll help speed up this process. Okay So question number one is is there a large enough target market for information related to this area? Okay, that's the first question you got to ask yourself. How big is that market? Okay? There's a lot of ways to do that. I sent you guys in the handout There was this finding and filtering hot markets worksheet You can go through this it'll answer all the questions, but this is how I find out how big a market is So there are a lot of tools out there to do keyword research I'm gonna show you guys a couple that are free just because Free or close to free just so you can start with those and then you can you can go from there so Jacksie.com is one that I use called JAAXY.com and Again, you can get it for free initially so See I'm gonna go there real quick for you JAAXY.com So you go there and I think I have a free I think get 30 searches for free So this gives you the ability go in and and kind of start searching so I typed in potato gun here And if you look at this month, there were 10,000 people searching for the keyword potato gun If you take spud gun, they're about 3,000 for spud gun 4300 for potato cannon 1,037 potato gun plans Make a little bigger shades and see it You know, it's the only gives me the top 10 or 12 But this gives me enough to know if the market is good. Can you make potatoes? I got I got almost 5,000 potato gun launcher So you kind of see that those numbers there. So if I want to add it is all up 10,000 13 17 20 we might be at 25,000 or so and so That that is a very small niche about 25,000 when I look at that. I'm like, I don't know it's just probably not Quite big enough for what I would want to go after typically we did we made our potato gun product But typically I want I want a market that's gonna be bigger I would say the lowest I would I would ever go after is about 30,000 like that's on the low side I want the keyword volume to be higher closer to like 50 to 80,000 or above if I get around there like the bigger usually the better at that point So I need to 80,000 or so. I'm like, yeah, this is gonna be a really good niche if I'm stuck at you know 25 15,000 I might like this isn't quite big enough for me Okay, so sometimes you have to type in a couple different things because you know someone types in potato guns But spud guns could be a whole different thing. So Let me think if I look for Natural health type natural health and see what comes up. I'm guessing this one will be a will be a big one As we are live of course it takes forever Anyway, like so there's other keyword research as well, but I like Jack's because it gives me a lot of really cool Things all right, so natural health just where natural health got 69,000 searches a month natural remedies got 64,000 Natural health magazine so you see there's this is a big market. It's the top two keywords We're already like 130,000 people. So I know that boom that's probably gonna be a really good market Type in like yoga I got from some friends that do a lot of things in the yoga market Steve just posted the forex has got 3.8 million this month. Yeah, Forex would probably a hot niche Good one to go after case the yoga were at 1.1 million for yoga So anyway, you see how this guy has workshages play through a little bit type in a couple keywords You'll see about the size of your market again my sweet spot I would say low end about 50,000, you know, I again I would say if I'm gonna build a real legitimate business I want about 80,000 people for me to start focusing on it If I want like a niche business 30 to 50,000 I can build a good niche business if I want a big business 50,000 80,000 and above Okay All right, so there's there's one one way we're doing our keyword research is very fun easy is is jacksy Now next one I show you it's called spy food And spy food is kind of cool you type in a domain or keywords. Let's say I type in Rob the Someone type in this because I know this is the market that we're in So you type that any type search I think keyword and what's gonna do is gonna show you What people are spending a pranigan these aren't perfect, but it's gonna give me approximation It says look people in Rob the treatment are paying about $2 and 35 cents per click So it means advertisers are spending money, which is a good sign. Okay, one of the biggest When the biggest things I want to stress to you guys is and I promise some of you guys are probably worrying about this right now Is you're saying hey, there is a you know, there's somebody else already selling this product. I can't do it Okay, that's the exact opposite of the mentality you want you want as many competitors as possible If there's competitors, it means there's a market there. There's not competitors. It means it's bad So every time I teach this people like I want to do that I saw I saw three other people selling ebooks about how to do this thing and they understand like no That's that's the best thing in the world. I want the more people there the more Potentials JV partners there are there's so much more stuff that there's more people So don't don't hide from that's a good thing And so the spy food allows you see what people are paying approximately for ads So people paying two dollars and 35 cents for ads. That's a good sign that That that is there if nobody's buying ads at all you might be like if nobody's buying ads Maybe it's maybe it's not the right thing. Okay, but I make make money You make money dollar 55 per click You see the search volume Okay, so that's kind of I use spy food for just to make sure people are spending money on traffic If they're if they're not and it doesn't price points. I'm gonna ask about price points It's hard to know because every mark is gonna be different. I care less about that as much as I just want to make sure people are actually The people are spending money the things are happening You know, there's advertisers 68 advertisers for the word make money in the last three months, you know If there's nobody there that's when you're like, ah, maybe it's not a good thing. Okay? That's more so what I'm looking for Okay, and then the next thing is is Is I want to go out there and find out I want to make sure again I'm not the only person selling this kind of stuff like who else out there is selling things and so For that obviously just go out there and start searching for first, you know similar products So the the product that we're gonna be creating with you guys live and again, I'll I'll actually start the process next Next week we're gonna go and build our free plus shipping product and everything with you guys live But the one we're doing is is in the like a financial market And so today before the webinar I started research tonight Who are other people selling similar products to what I'm selling and so I pulled up a couple just to show you some stuff so One of my one of the people that will be one of my new competitors and hopefully one of my new partners is the elevation group This is a company run by By Mike Dillard one of my friends and so this is something they teaching the world how to invest like the rich Katie elevation group another good one is Stansbury research comm these guys are big in the investment space thing to do like 80 or 90 million bucks a year So it's another good competitor slash hopefully potential partner Make that bigger Stansbury This one survival life. This one's not so much A direct competitor, but I do know that people in the survival space people who are You know who are into that kind of thing are also usually interested in in the whole Like finance and investing in wealth and things like that. So I kind of know that those markets are similar No one's a sovereign man. So I know these because again, this is a topic I'm passionate about and so I'm on these newsletters I read what they say these are people that because it's a market. I'm already passionate I'm already getting these emails. I kind of know who the competitors are You know if if you're in a market now, and you don't know who the competitors are It's time to start just going to Google and searching for anything on that topic You can join everybody's email list by their products do as much as you can so you can start seeing who the players There are that are out there. Okay, so I got a couple of these now I'm gonna use the elevation group. There's this really cool software called what runs where calm now the software is Is not cheap But they do have a 30 day trial or a three day trial three day trial for like a dollar And so just get three day trial spend like all weekend doing it and cancel it because it's super It's like 300 bucks a month afterwards, but while you have it, it's really really cool So this is what what runs where it looks like you come right here And then I take the elevation group for example I'm gonna copy this come back to what runs where I Enter the remain name and I search and what it does is gonna go out there It's gonna see if elevation group is advertising through paid media. Okay, and they're not they've affiliate start But they're not so next I'm gonna try Stansbury research to plug them in here Boom okay, so shows me some stuff so shows that stansbury research based on what they have 100% of their media buy Or traffic coming from media buys you come in here and you can see their traffic sources So they're buying ads on NBC news comm today comm photo blog And you see all the sites that they're buying ads on Can that be useful for any of you guys? There's not no exact what sites your competitors are buying ads on you see when when they were first seen on that site in the last scene So you see if they are there for one day or hey, they're there for nine months That's probably a good site for me to buy ads on in the future, right? Okay, so I come here I go in to export like I'll download every one of these things during my my trial just to get all that data So I'm gonna be advertising later I've got all this stuff another cool thing is that if the ads are here and this one doesn't show it But it'll show you their ads It shows you one of their banner ads it has Clinton's head on here shows you placement suggestions common phrase anyway gives you a bunch of a cool data So that's Stansbury. I'm looking at survival life See what they give me here All right, so survival life is a little different so 90 96.9% of the traffic comes from site scout so sky scout site scout comm is the site you can sign up for and it's like You buy banner ads on tons of different sites It's really cool service, but you look at 96% of their traffic all comes from site scout Small percentage comes from Rubicon project I don't even know what that is and then someone from Google AdWords So it's kind of cool and then I can see their traffic sources. So here's where outside of the Beltway calm In fact, I think we're buying ads on this site in the near future We haven't already for one of our things boom Paula fact calm before it's news calm That's a good domain name before it's news calm anyway check that out so you can see exactly what sites are already mine ads on We'll go check out that site right now before new So they dig deeper she said so see where before news runs their ads on boom and check this out It'll show you all of their text ads so you see exactly what their ads look like here You see what their banner ads look like Isn't that awesome you guys? They got literally like higher banner ad designers I just find them my competitors banner ads in here and that is show it to them I'm like hey just make some look like theirs, but better That's kind of how I do it So before it's news calm. I've never been the site before but boom check it out now We'll get into the traffic sections you guys But if my free plus shipping thing was done and I knew that I knew first off that that Survival life was my competitor. I came in here. I found out they're buying stuff on before snooze calm I go to before snooze calm. I would join their email list really really quickly And I would try to find somewhere to advertise I come down the bottom users section says like advertising yeah check out advertise with us And I get a hold of me find out how I can advertise with them if I can buy banner ads or send emails or whatever it is Okay, but we'll get into that we're getting the traffic stuff later But you guys see like getting traffic is not that hard when you find out exactly where your competitors are driving traffic from right? You just go to the same places and buy the same traffic It's it's it gets really it's really fun. It gets even more fun than that But I just want to kind of give you guys just a glimpse of what you'll be learning over the next eight weeks Okay, text ads here banner ads boom. Here's all the banner ads for survival stuff That's a good ad so he's a really good a Lot of gun ads So I was in the market. I'd like man. I want to I want an Obama ad like that I want an ad with a gun and you just kind of look at their ads to model what is you're gonna create? Okay, get most of the stuff we do you guys is not like Recreating the stuff from scratch a singlet's working and then modeling it right Check out this banner ad how to quickly and easily purify any water even urine to drink store cook Or cook with after disaster and it's got a picture of a toilet with yellow water in it that banner ad is awesome All right, okay Sovereign man will throw him in here to see if he's buying ads Because see how like you have some fun with this and in a three-day weekend with your free trial Just come in here and just search off every competitor in every market you can dream of I got literally have so much fun in here So boom, there's banner ads I can see Traffic sources brother John f.com. That's where all their traffic likes coming from. Let's see what they've got Silver for the people boom here's another good site for me start buying banner ads on Anyway, okay, so I'm just kind of I'm trying to put in your guys mind just some understanding of Of how much fun this research process can be and all the cool things you can find while you're going about it He find out exactly what their banner ads look like what their real ads are saying we find out You know what sites are advertising on like so much cool stuff you can start finding really really quickly if you look at like for us See For our supplement, this is our competitor, so we've typed in their domain name and Literally in what six seconds seven seconds. I found out exactly what they're advertising on We found out every single ad the text of air and headline of every single ad they've been running for the last like five years It's all the hard work. They've been doing we can just find out exactly what's best I see all their banner ads I can see like everything they've done We're able to replicate it in matter of seconds and I'll go back in there start competing with them Okay, kind of cool. I guess thing All right, so So, yeah I'm gonna jump back in so that's some of the that's some of the stuff that how we find out how big a market is who the competitors are If they're spending money on advertising and and those type of things, okay? And so that's kind of where we start off with in this in this path, okay? So again, that's question number one is is there a large enough market for information relating to this area? Okay, that's how we do it find how big the market is and see if there's other people already selling it Those are my two core ways to find out if it's large enough Is that find out how big it is and find out who's currently selling stuff to that market? All right? All right now question number two is probably even more important is our members of this market able and willing to pay for Information related to this area. You notice there's two keywords in there able and willing Okay, a lot of times people are able to spend like for example my grandma She's got a lot of money right now. She's been Horting her money for an entire lifetime. She was born during like the Depression area. She's got ton of money, right? She's able to buy stuff, but guess what she is not willing to depart with a single penny Okay, she's able but she's not willing other times. There are people there young kids like my my kids right now I got twins and they are addicted to Mario and we were at the Target last night and walking by and every single place we walked by was There was just like tons of tons of stuff, right and they were willing to spend my money on it They just weren't able to do it. Okay, and every market going to a lot of times people are gonna be able but not willing And they're gonna be willing but not able okay, so you got to understand are they able and willing? So this is kind of how you find that out. Okay first off You gotta find out does the typical member of your target market have a credit card? Okay, if they don't have a credit card not worth going after them online, okay? That's why I had a friend a little while ago That's probably five or six years ago back when maybe like eight years ago back when like Halo was the big game that came out And he was like this is gonna be the biggest phenomenon in the world We're gonna make millions of dollars and he sold people on this vision He made he made over a million bucks telling people about the Halo Market that was about to explode and get in hot and all this stuff and and sure enough the market came and exploded And they spent three years trying to sell something in that market and turned out they found out that the average Halo person did not Have a credit card their parents did and they begged their parents to get the game and as soon as they had the game They were just playing the game that was all mattered. Okay, their typical market did not have a credit card They don't have a credit card. You can't go after them right number two Does the typical member of your target market have disposable income? We talked about this earlier They've got to have enough money to be able to go and spend on it. Okay a good example this I know some friends who pick the market debt reduction like hey We want to get in the debt reduction service everyone here You know, it's a lot of pain in that market, which is a good thing But the problem is that by the nature of who they are their credit cards are already maxed out They don't have disposable income That's why they're coming to you because they're out of money and then you want more money on their credit card They may say they want to get a debt But all they really want is more room on their credit card to spend money on stuff and so they don't have the disposable income Okay, it's it's a really hard thing when the markets were in is the couponing niche The biggest problem we have the couponing niche is that most of the people who were you know hyper passionate about couponing They just don't have disposable income. We cannot I mean it's very difficult for them to get them to spend money on anything The one thing we found the only the only way we found to get them to make money is one is by printing coupons We get paid for every coupon they print and number two is putting them through an invisible funnel That's the only two things we've ever found to be able to monetize this audience And luckily you guys are all learning the invisible funnel stuff So that'll help even if your market doesn't quite have as much disposable income But make your job will be so much easier at the market you go after has disposable income Okay, number three is can you find direct competitor? We talked about this you do want competitors and Number D here is can you find four other products? They're being sold to your target market now? This is different than I said before before I said, you know find three or four products that that are Similar to what you want to sell so you're selling a financial newsletter find other financial newsletters this question is different This is what other products are being sold to those people? Okay, so someone buys a financial newsletter What else are they buying? There are four other people selling stuff to to those people? Okay a good example for us is that survival niche? The survival lists like they're selling people survival stuff, but we've successfully sold Our diabetic product to the survival lists. I've seen people sell how to make money to survival lists I've seen people sell all sorts of stuff the survival lists Okay, so I'm looking for other types of products are being sold to that target market Okay, that's that's important and you understand that more as we start getting to the traffic sections here because eventually I'm gonna tap out of every single survival list So now I want to go reverse engineer and say okay the survivalists what are the things they buying? Oh, they're buying financial newsletters. I mean let's market the financial newsletters You know you start to kind of growing in that direction All right, so those are some of the questions Oh, yeah, and then the last one here is how much money your advertisers currently paying to advertise in this area That's what I kind of showed you guys with spy food where you can go through and find out exactly how much money people are spending All right, so actually come back here. So in the in the PDF. I gave you guys there's this this little sheet right here and Actually, let me show it to you real quick What I recommend doing is printing out like in pronounced PDF Especially this thing right here on page number four I print this thing out right here and use this as you're going through your market You're going through trying to find your market. Okay, you're picking a market a question number one Is there a large charging market boom go to Jack C type in a search term? How many searches? Okay based on this? Is this a good market? Yes. Okay number two are they eight willing and able to spend money? Okay, boom. They have a credit card Yes, no. Yes. No my competitors boom boom boom boom How much they paying for boom and then you can really quickly by going through this chart find out if your market's gonna be good or not Okay, and you guys I can't stress enough how important it is to go through this process. It's kind of a pain at first But I just do not want you guys spending the next eight weeks focusing on the wrong market Because then you'll come back to me like oh Russell your thing didn't work I was like my thing works works. It's just got to pick the right market and it's gonna work in it Okay, all right, so that's that's number one is finding a hot market Okay, so I asked how do you know if they have a credit card or income? part of us just is Is common sense like look at that person like that type person only buying stuff and number two is seeing our people selling stuff That market there's a whole bunch of selling things like the weight loss market We know there's money there because there's like a bajillion people selling stuff to the weight loss market Okay, survivor market market. We know they have disposable income They have a credit card because people are selling stuff to it So a lot of times it's just kind of reverse engineering and looking at it saying oh, yeah, those guys got money Everyone's selling stuff to them. Okay, you go to Cub Scouts Cub Scout leaders. How many people are selling the Cub Scout leaders? There's no one because there's no that they're they have I mean sure that they've got credit card income But you know the other questions aren't in there. They're not irrationally passionate. They're not doing all those things They're not They're not the kind of people that are that are spending money on it So a lot of it's just kind of looking in and there's always still kind of a guess in there But I think by kind of going through that process I took you guys through you should get a pretty good idea and have a pretty good pretty clear market or idea if the market's gonna Be good or not All right, so now you found the hot market the next question is not to go out and create a product to sell them That's the worst thing possible. That's what most of you guys are doing right now You have no idea what your market actually wants and I'm sure you guys how luckily I went through this process And it saved me a ton of time and effort and made me a lot of money The second step in this process is after you found the hot market is you got to ask them what they want? Okay Again, most of the times I would look back on almost every product that we've sold that has been a failure It's always because I thought I knew what people wanted I went and created it and tried to sell it and then nobody ever wanted it Okay, when I asked them ahead of time and they're like, oh, I want this and want this and want this and we create it Boom money just starts flowing in and so it's very important. So how do you ask them what you want? Okay, the first thing you do is you create a little tiny page called the fly catcher page This is what it looks like and I created some software that I just gave you guys for free We can create these pages as many as you want as often as you want You just go to members fly catcher generator calm click on create a new count boom creating account and you guys have access to the Software makes these little pages for you. So I'm gonna read this to you. It says dear friend I know that your time is valuable. So I'll get right to the point I need your advice and by the way, people love to give you their advice If you don't know that go on Facebook for like 30 seconds. Okay, people love to give you their advice So says I need your advice I'm putting the finishing touches on a new ebook called how to overcome pornography and I want to make sure that I don't leave anything out So will you let me know your biggest question about how to overcome a pornography addiction? It could be anything even if you think it's silly all you have to do is type in your question in the box below and click submit and then exchange for your advice If you leave the email address, I'll send you a free copy of the ebook before we release it to the market It should be ready in a few weeks. Okay, so here's an easy form What is your biggest question about how to overcome pornography? And there's a little form they click submit because thank you very much for making this the best how to overcome pornography resource possible sincerely Dr. Joseph Michaels, okay So this is this was a flycatcher page I set up when we launched before we launched our pornography addiction product I got like this for a potato gun product for most of our products. We create something just like this And I use these words word for word. I don't deviate from it at all In fact, when you guys go to members dot flycatchergenerator.com and you create your account It'll ask you like what your product name is and it pops out this page and just plugs into your product name right here So I'm working on the finishing touch a new book called 4x Empire whatever blah blah blah blah blah And just plugs in your product name right there What's your biggest question about 4x or whatever, you know It just you edit like two or three words and then it pops out this page just exactly as is Okay All right Yeah, so this is the gate so this is I got a lot of questions coming in But this is the first step we create a simple page like this Okay, now and you know some asking like a huge survey and you can ask a survey But I found like when you get a survey it's so much data back a lot of times just It's too hard to turn that into any kind of actionable thing what I want is I want what's their biggest question They're number one question because what'll happen? I'll show you guys this here second you'll start getting in 50 100 200 500 different things and From that you'll find out really really quickly what people's biggest concerns are and that's all you have to address in your product If you ask bigger surveys, it just seems like it I don't know just it's just not as powerful. I don't think I think when people are thinking about what's their biggest question You get what really is there? There's their major pain point? Okay? All right, so some guys asked me who you said it to if you don't have a list so I'm gonna get to that here in a second Actually, yeah, I'll get there in one second. So you create the page first It's called a fly catcher page then you run an ask campaign and I spell it ASK First of the year I was teaching this people kept thinking I was swearing and they're like, why did you call it that? But no, it's an ask campaign of asking you something. I think Alex Mendoza and Tur you know made that made that term so an ask campaign is basically You said you take the fly catcher page you drive traffic and you're asking them what their number one question is And so this is when we ran our pornography addiction went back in 2005 Here's some of the questions that came back and I'm gonna read some of these because I think they're really interesting And the reason why is before when we were creating this product We were developing this product directly to help men overcome their pornography addiction and after we ran the survey What we found was very interesting We found that almost the majority of the people responding to our survey weren't men There were women and spouse and mothers who were concerned about their husband or their their children Okay, so the first one here this one was for a man will pornography ruin my relationship with my wife number two is how can marriage survive with Pornography addiction keeps popping up affecting trust and 43 year marriage. Even though we don't want to get a divorce Number three here. How can a spouse deal with this addiction that keeps popping up in relationship when divorce isn't the answer? Then here's another one. How do you begin using an internet in a responsible way when trying to drop the addiction? Or should you avoid internet usage for a while? Anyway, you can't just kind of going through here and what was interesting We found out that the majority of our audience like I said, they were they were women who were fighting answers for their their kids Now, how do you think we created our product differently knowing that? Okay, we created it way differently. We realized it wasn't you know a lot of times It's not the person with the addiction trying to solve this problem It's it's the loved one of the person with the addiction So when you when you know that the way you create the product the way you write the cells letter everything else you're doing changes Okay, now every time we run these I'm always fascinated what we learn because it's always different than what I The one I assume it's really weird And if I whenever I assume like I said sometimes I get it right a lot of times we don't get it right Okay, so that's what an ask campaign is. Alright, so how do you how do you get one people to fill out? There's a lot of ways if you have a list easiest way just send email out to your list boom That's the easiest way if you don't have a list, which I know a lot of you guys don't have a list yet Then for example when I launched my potato gun product. This was also back in 2005 I did not have a list so I went to a potato gun forum. I think it was spud tech calm I believe your spud tech calm or You know there's a couple potato gun forums that I frequent and anyway post I just went to the forum because there's already like five thousand people talking about potato guns in there And I just posted if you look at here I My post said hey guys I thought it'd be a fun project to put together manual showing how I make my potato guns and I want to make sure it's really good So I'm putting together a survey to make sure I answer any questions that normal people have about potato guns So I got a question and a favor and a gift number one which number one question about potato guns Number two would you post this question at how to make potato gun calm number three post a question? I'll give you a free copy of the manual sounds good. Thanks guys Russell So I posted that in the potato gun forum and check out over here boom look at all these potato gun questions people ask me Okay, what are different kind of ignitors you can use potato gun the price of the basic potato gun I Burned my hand. That's the problem Sir, that's not a question Some questions you get I'll just be dumb some you'll get will definitely be inappropriate But anyway tons of what could I what kind of uses fuel because I won't cause my potato gun to explode Is it safe in the city limits? What's the easiest and the cheapest way to make potato gun the best air fuel mixture? Anyway, see all these like all this cool stuff. I learned are they illegal to own how fast can a potato shoot? Where do I get the seeds? I don't even know how to answer that one Could you design a larger potato gun to be altered to make it water cannon? What's the best fuse to use? How to mix the gas and Something anyway, these are the questions I got back and boom I get these questions now I know exactly what to do when I'm creating my product Okay, okay, but come back to how do we drive traffic so forms a good place now when I did this one There wasn't potato or potato gun there wasn't Facebook nowadays I would use Facebook as my primary tool to get people to fill out a survey. So what I would do I would go to the good old book of faces and And And I come over here and I would search for something. Let's say New potato guns I type in potato Potato gun Take out your children groups got 671 likes community. I'm mostly wanting groups. I think there's a way to search for groups specifically groups of potato guns, okay Here's a gun group got hundred twenty four thousand These five another ones like yoga yoga groups Boom here's the yoga group so I'm gonna close the yoga group That's the yoga fan page on more of a group I think there's a way to search for When in doubt ask Google search Facebook groups There you are it's facebook.com slash. Yeah, okay Trade group She has a link for you guys I apologize Anyway, I'm just gonna go back to Facebook you guys think it just right you find a group so like I'm gonna go Let me find some groups. I'm in so I'm in a whole bunch of groups like Like the internet marketing super friends groups, here's the group I am in now if I was filling out ask campaign for this I would just go in here and be like I see there's six there's sixty six hundred members here They're all internet marketing dudes. I think hey guys. I'm creating a product about The best way to drive traffic using SEO in 2014 and would love for you guys to let me know your biggest question about so I can answer my product If you take two seconds felt survey over here's one question survey I'll give you free copy the product boom I click submit and literally within seconds people will start filling out my My fly capture page boom boom boom people start coming in quick. Does that make sense? So here's a copyright Here's a group. I'm in called the cold to copy. It's like a copywriting group is fifty one hundred members By just creating copyright and product. Hey guys, we're creating a really cool product on copywriting Just curious your number one question about copywriting. Let me know and I'll give you a free copy of the course boom Okay, and it's not like spamming because you're not selling anything You're giving a free copy if they just and if they tell you to do your number one question and literally within minutes You guys will start getting just tons and tons and tons of Data coming back in so that's our recommend for most of you guys Someone said a lot of these posts these groups Get buried within spam. Yeah, there's a ton of spam groups out there find good groups Okay, the groups that I'm involved with our groups that Like the cult of copy this guy takes care of his group. He kicks out people. They're spamming you shut out Okay, internet marketing super friends same thing So yeah, as long groups are just full of spam, but there's good legitimate groups a lot of them they have just amazing people online and And you can just go and find those groups and that's you're going in okay, so you're not you're not spamming You're not trying to find groups are just getting mass spammed. You're just gonna go in there and kind of do do the good thing Okay, all right, so I'm gonna ask how do you give them a free copy? So if you notice back here it says Also, do you free copy the e-book before releases to market? If you leave your email address last time right there question the email address here and then I just I just manually email So I don't run this for like forever I usually run this I try to get between 15 100 responses back and then I take that as my market research Like now I kind of know what these guys really are thinking what they want Okay, that's kind of how I can how I do it Okay Yeah, so if that helps you guys see how we how we fill these things out how we get people to film out Like it's pretty simple and pretty easy. So the software I gave you guys is really simple It's again fly catch a generator. I click on members login and it'll ask you to create an account You should pick a username email address Blah blah Yeah, I'm not sure if let me log in because I think I already have an account, but she'll also make up a new one Anyway You guys will log. Oh Yeah Just find it real quick more time if I can't then I'll let you guys play with it There we are so you log in the softwares kind of ghetto like it's something we created really quick for some of our members But it does it does what needs to do like it's really simple. She's click on add new survey Boom title survey, so I'm gonna call it Russell's Cool survey my first name Russell Brunson. That's this is gonna show up If you look where it shows up the name you put here is gonna show up down here Okay first name boom last name Brunson product name over ours to Dot com Secrets this question So this year's finished the sentence. What's the biggest question about how to make mula online? Question mark. You know submit button Give me your answer Please and URL you can send this back to your website or you know, whatever you want to do Comsecrets.com so I create that She took like what a minute to create that and here's Russell's cool survey if I get the link for that take this link Then I come over here and There's link I give someone it's a dear friend and every time is valuable Putting fish touches on my new product called dot com secrets. I want to make sure I don't leave anything out Exchange if your email address, I'll give you a new product. Oh, yeah, these new forms asked for email So you'll have that store in the database and then what's your number one question about how to make mula online? Since you're also runs they fill us out. Yo My big question is why Rusty and fill that out they submit it boom redirects to my website and It was cool. Do you come back in here and I'm gonna refresh this page now. I should be able to see I'll check it out one person fill out survey So I click on that They'll show me the name what their their question was and you click on here check out keywords It'll actually show you like what what keywords people use So if you get a hundred surveys, you'll find out that like there's a bunch of keywords people use all the time And this comes back to like that jargon like suddenly people are calling You know, let's say it was a CrossFit thing and they're calling it WOD now I know like oh everyone's calling it WOD that's a word I should know you know and kind of let you know what keywords people are using so anyway I said very simple software it does one function Which is get people fill out that form and that's all it does and that's that's all you need to do Okay, it's very simple and and very easy. Okay, so that's what you guys can get that for free fly cat members dot flycatcher generator com Alright So there's that okay now after so again first step if you guys remember again, we find a hot market second step we ask them what Ask them what they want and now we got to go figure out how to give it to them And that's kind of what we're gonna be covering over the next seven weeks now is how to create the product and service to give it to them but the big thing out the big takeaway I want you guys getting for tonight And I talked about this during the four hour initial webinars Hopefully you guys heard me talk about this the biggest thing is now we get all this information all this data back We've got to create a system to help help them to solve their problem Okay, that's how this whole thing works And so what we do is we take back these 50 or 100 or 200 questions we get back from the survey And what you'll find is there's gonna be a lot of similarities Okay, when I did my potato gun ones they all kind of fell into types of guns types of propellants The the pipes accessories are kind of broken to like seven or so and you see here seven Different categories and what I did is I took that and I created I turned those categories into chapters or modules Okay, if you're in a book, they're gonna calm chapters if it's a course you're gonna call it modules if it's you know, whatever it is And so I broke it down so I said, you know number number one were a lot of questions about what type of gun I wanted to create so I said chapter one what type of gun chapter two how to pick the right pipes chapter three How to find other accessories and before you start building chapter four how to cut the right barrel the chamber volume ratio Chapter five how to pull all the pieces together chapter six how to increase the distance your potatoes chapter seven How to stay safe while shooting your gun? Okay, so all my questions broken down until seven categories and then I started just putting in all the questions and read there So some of the questions like what's a pneumatic gun? What what size gun should we build? How do you build a bold actions? Bud guns so I started taking all these questions about gun types I put them here in my out in my outline right chapter two how to pick the right pipes what pipes types of pipes to use What's the PSI rating on pipe or do the PSI ratings on the pipes matter all this stuff about Tatum guns? You guys didn't even know huh? I didn't know this stuff was important either until I asked and then I found out I found out what PSI ratings I needed I found out what a pneumatic gun was I found all this cool stuff and really quickly I became an expert just by answering the questions that people asked me okay again chapter three What kind of ignitors barbecue or lantern lighters? What's the best number four how long should I cut my pipes what happens my chambers too big or too small? And so I go and I create this entire system almost like I'm writing a book like my outline of a book Can I go and put all their questions in here and I start defining it like what other things? I want to teach and I'm gonna add a bullet point like I like to teach this about this and this and I And you start like kind of building out this this outline of what your system is Okay, all you guys need to have a system This is my system for doing what for helping somebody achieve what result helping to shoot a potato helping them read faster helping them Pick up a girl on a date helping them to learn in a market helping to make money helping to trade forex helping them to increase their Their business helping them to lose weight helping them to eat more healthy like whatever you all you guys have something right? We've got to create a system for that if you don't have a system for it becomes really really hard But if we define a system you guys all the stuff I'm gonna be showing over the next seven weeks becomes very very simple and very easy Okay, the invisible funnel is you teaching the system in a very cool manner The free plus shipping thing is you picking out the very best part of this system and that becomes your free plus shipping thing Okay, but until you've got a system, you know and a lot of you guys know your stuff You've got stuff you've been teaching forever, but you don't have a system yet You've got to have a system you can take people through and this is the best way I know of creating an actual system that makes sense you guys Okay Good good Cool, so this is how we create our system Okay, and it's not hard people are doing all the work for you and some these things you're not gonna know the answer to I had no idea PSI even meant I had to go Google PSI and And I found out means you know the the pressure per something something It's like it's the how much pressure can a pipe take because you get the wrong PSI the pipes gonna explode in your hand Okay, it's anything a pneumatic gun. I know a pneumatic gun was I never even heard that word before But I went and searched it and found it out and very quickly People people help you become the expert give you exactly what you need to know A lot of times again, you will know stuff a lot of times you're gonna find stuff You don't know and you find out the right way to categorize it and you have a chance to build out your system Okay, yeah, two pounds per square inch. Thank you. I didn't know that I just kind of blinked out right when I was saying it So yeah, all right Okay, so for all you guys we need to create this this this system outline I'm gonna call it system outline But the best way to think about this is think about a table of contents Okay, now if you're in a market and you're you're not quite the expert yet or you're uncomfortable You don't know it yet. I recommend doing is go to Barnes and Noble go to the book section I guess it's the books it is a book section right go to Barnes and Noble and look for the dummies guides and see if You're book if there's a dummies guide about your your topic because if so Your your life's gonna be so easy because dummy guides like one of the best things that they're good at doing is creating amazing table of contents You could buy the book rip out the table of contents throw the rest of book away and boom You've got your system outline because they do a lot of research before they build out their dummy guides They make sure they're very inclusive. They survey people they find out exactly what people need to know So dummy guide is a great way if there's no dummy guide That's fine go and find two or three how-to books and look at their table of contents Okay, so you guys some really good ideas about what are the core topics or issues or pain points that people have and then you Can start going out there and researching and asking questions and finding those things to to really start building out whatever your system is Okay, but I really believe you guys for this for this thing to work and you to make the most amount of money from a possible You got to have a system because everything we're doing ties back into that system. All right Yes, there's your system now the other cool thing is when you run this ask campaign The other cool thing you're gonna get and this is this will be coming for the future But you're actually able to turn their questions into your copy. Okay, so for example, let's say I get a question. It says What type of pipe should you use there's a psi rating on pipe matter? Okay, so when I write my sales video or my sales letter, whatever it is I take that question somebody asked me and I just rephrase it So I say hey in my product you're gonna discover the only pipe We will ever use and the secret psi rating that will guarantee that your potatoes go further and your gun will last longer Okay, we knew that like 10% of our questions, you know 10% of people ask this question or some variation of it So if I just go back and I have a bullet point that answers that specifically I know 10% of my people now are gonna be like, oh sweetest product answers my question Number two what type of igniter should I use barbecue lighter or barbecue lighters or lantern? I turn that into a bullet point find out exactly which igniter will never use as well as a Scary near-death experience that kept us from ever using it again and why there's only one brand that we trust Okay, if you're about to go make a potato gun and your research you find out kind of a barbecue igniter You you're gonna use also and you see this bullet point Wouldn't you be like, huh? I should definitely buy this product before I make my potato gun because I don't want it to blow up in my hand Okay, okay number three here, how long should I cut my pipes? Well, you're gonna learn the correct barrel the chamber percentage and that will keep that will keep you safe and hope your gun Shoot 25% further warning even one fourth of an inch off could make every potato you shoot flop Okay Alright number five here. What type of propellant should I use discover the secret repellent? We accidentally stumbled upon when ran out of hairspray that immediately made our gun shoot 50 yards further every time and what am I gonna? Am I gonna die with if I make the gun wrong learn the safe secrets we used to make every single gun Outing safe as well as exciting. Okay, so in the future you guys again, we're not gonna use these yet So probably week three or four, but these questions that come in We are gonna be using these for your bullet points if you don't have these your copy will not be as strong if you do have them I promise you it's gonna be so much easier to sell. What is you got to sell? So that's why you've got to do these ask campaigns. Okay? Someone asked a good question. I want to come back to you. They said so based on this Russell Are we creating an e-book for our product? The answer is probably not Ebooks are the longest hardest most difficult way to create a product I've been doing this now for over 10 years and I still haven't created my first e-book Because they're hard, but even though I don't write an e-book I Create a lot of video courses audio courses training courses like this For example, you guys when I created this this curriculum for you guess what I did in fact I sent you guys my outline I created an entire outline like this Based on questions, I'd receive from you guys based on a lot of feedback I didn't run a specific ask campaign, but I will probably about specific topics But over the last few years obviously I taught this stuff a lot and so I ran I created I created my table of contents my table of contents for this training specifically In fact, I think I have it here I'll pull up for you guys right now This is the this was kind of the the sales letter I created for this course and in there check this out You notice what I did here. I created my system outline This is my system outline for the black box training Week number one. We're gonna find a hot market ask them they want and give it to them week number two We're gonna create your your buyer magnet week number three. We're gonna create your invisible funnel week number four We're gonna get your funnel set up with no tech people week number five We're gonna talk about your your black box number six your soap opera and your Seinfeld number seven your affiliate solo ads and systems Number eight your Facebook buyer leads. So this is this is my outline my system outline I created for this training course And you notice I'm not writing a book Okay, I could have called these chapter one but because it's it's it's like a learning program I call the week one that when this becomes a more of a like an audio or a You know a membership site where I've got these videos archived. I'll change it from week one to module one Okay, so you can call it chapters modules Whatever you want to call it doesn't matter and if you're someone who loves to write then you can write a book But I'm not gonna have you guys write a book during this during this program because it takes too long I need you guys making money quick. Okay, so I'm gonna recommend is is is taking whichever one of these Things is the most sexy and the most exciting the most unique that's gonna become your free plus shipping thing We're gonna sit down and we're gonna record a CD teaching about About the the barrel chamber to volume ratio right because this is the most unique interesting part So I'm gonna my free season be like hey who wants to know my my barrel the chamber volume ratio Record one hour city going over the the ins and outs of exactly what you need to know blah blah blah blah blah You get for free just cover shipping and handling I'm gonna mail out a CD it teaches this and in my invisible funnel I'm gonna go through and over my three or four hour webinar. I'm gonna teach all of these All these things in the system right And then when I sell something about how my high-take a thing basically I'm gonna do is I'm gonna work one on one with Them to go through and implement all this stuff Okay, so if you come back to let me open a paintbrush Because that's how we do it here Russell Brunson training land So if you look at the funnel, we're building with you guys right it all starts out First page here. We're gonna be giving away something free plus shipping probably a free CD So this free CD is gonna have like your number one secret or your your best tip or Then we'll cover this actually next week or this will be an overview of what your system is okay That's gonna be this this free thing an overview of in fact one thing We've had a lot of success with our free plus shipping is an overview of like I'm gonna go through this system boom in an hour So you cover that the what and then after they buy that then you drop them on the page where you sell them Remember talking about you have the case study video here So we've got a case study and you're signing them up for an invisible funnel webinar where it's $0 up front And afterwards you build them something 47 97 whatever it is and then here on this actual four-hour webinar is Where you're teaching them the how So here's what the system is how we're gonna break this down for next four hours more walking through how to do it And the end of this you sell them into your high ticket thing high ticket Which is usually some way to actually implement help them implement this system they learned about here so implement Okay, so again, we'll we cover this in a lot of detail if you haven't a chance to watch the intro four-hour webinar Please go watch that because we lay out this whole concept in a lot of detail But this is what your system is so you when you get this whole system this we're breaking it apart to teach it here Okay, so right here in my four-hour webinar. I'm teaching module one chapter one chapter two chapter three Whatever isn't teaching that over over my invisible funnel webinar. I'm taking out my best part We'll bring out here or I'm giving them more of a what overview of it and then back here I'm helping implement that for the for the high ticket thing That makes sense Yeah, cuz I don't want any of you guys writing ebooks Because it's a nightmare. I promise you that All right, and again, this is the future copy stuff So this is the only right now, but I promise you guys this will make your life so much easier Think about back here when you got this when you've got this The video whatever to sell this free CD and you're able to pull out these things and be like hey on the CD I'm gonna just you're gonna discover the only pipe we will ever use and the secret PSI rain They'll guarantee their potato shoot farther and you're gonna last longer again everyone who had that questions make sweet I need that CD. Okay, so we just we share those bullet points here same thing here with the case study We share bullet points of what people asked and just makes people want to buy because you they know that the exact question They have you're gonna answer Okay, I promise you guys it's so much easier for me to sell you something when I know exactly what you want Then when I kind of think I know what you want Okay, all right Steve asks is this gonna be a CD or DVD the answer is yes, whatever you want it to be we've done both And so just depends some of you guys have faces for radio, so you want to see these right and some of you guys want to do DVDs Doesn't matter. It's just the fact we got to ship them out something cool Cool cool Joe asked can I do this with with like an external product? That's not my own the answer is yes I'm not gonna go with that right now during this train. We talked about that Towards the last hour of the four-hour webinar I showed you how to plug this model into an affiliate business to a network marketing business to an info business to a coaching business to a physical product business So if you watch that it'll show you exactly how to plug in this system for whatever it is you're selling Good question. Okay, let me see oops You see where we else we are here, so I think we're close to done you guys. I think we've got homework awesome, so I would not be a good coach if I did not make you guys do something at the end of this Otherwise you'd think oh, that's some good ideas and you never do anything So you do have homework for tonight This is your homework first thing and again This is homework over the next week if you have questions specifically about this This is when you guys can submit the questions to me or get on the Friday calling hours, but it should be specific to this Don't go ahead and ask questions about stuff's gonna be happening like six months in the future Because we'll probably be covering a lot of that on next week's call a next week's webinar You know so make sure you're just asking things specific to this because I don't want to spend two hours on the phone You explain something I'm gonna be explaining to everybody, you know two days later So make sure you're using your calling hours for what specific to this training. Okay, so again the first thing You got to go and do your market research And decide what niche you're gonna be in some of you guys are know that's gonna be some you guys are not sure yet You got to go find out what that's gonna what's that gonna be and if you're stuck let us know we can look at that I'm like, ah, probably not so good or maybe you need to tweak it a little bit or you need it you need to change it I had someone the other day On our decade the day call and they were they were targeting Personal trainers which is a good niche, but I thought it was kind of a small one I think that it was it was too small for what he was trying to do We talked about you know might be smarter is taking one step back to a bigger market, which is you're not like Business owners as a whole that market so big but one step back from personal trainers to more like fitness type things So maybe including yoga instructors and and spas and salons, you know, whatever that is But just one step back so the market opens up a little bit bigger So if you have questions like that we can look at that and kind of give you some suggestion and feedback on there But make sure you pick the market you're gonna be in next thing is find at least three competitors selling something similar to what you have You can't find three competitors. It's not a good market I want to go through all the other market research stuff, but I want to make sure you find three competitors and one of the big reasons Actually two big reasons one of them is when you're building this whole thing out if you're directly competing with your competitors It's it makes a lot of resistance in your business Now you're going back and you're you're competing directly with them But if you look at a market places like an ecosystem, I was looking like here's this big ecosystem Okay, there's a bunch of people teaching weight loss or teaching Forex or they're teaching financial or they're teaching weight loss whatever it is and everyone's got kind of their like their little niche in this in this Ecosystem right and if you come in this ecosystem and you try to sell the exact same thing everybody else is selling now You're you're you're meeting with a lot of resistance and you're competing with them But if you come this ecosystem, you're like, okay, this guy, you know, let's say it's the weight loss space This guy's talking about six packs. This guy's talking about low car diets This guy's talking about this and you find that your own little niche in the ecosystem that's different from everybody else Suddenly all of your competitors can become your partners. Okay, so that's a big key here And so you got to find out one thing you got to find out what other people are selling so you can find out how to Complement what they're selling and not compete with what they're selling. Okay, the second reason why we want to find three good competitors It's because most of your competitors you can sell their products and make a ton of money off them. Okay one of the big reasons why I looked Why why we looked at the elevation group is because I know last year we already promoting elevation group a like over $50,000 as an affiliate and I don't even have a list that's that's teaching financial stuff I know the new business we're gonna be building that will have a list related to that. So man, I want to sell elevation group There's a ton of money for me to be made there stands very associates Okay, they have great converting products and if I can promote them as an affiliate more money to me That makes sense you guys so you don't you are competitors Not you know first off to find out where in the ecosystem you're gonna be but second off You're probably gonna want to sell bunch of their products and you want to make sure there's good products You can actually sell out there Okay, so find three competitors number three set up your flycatcher page It's very simple very easy to go set up number four I want you to run an ask campaign on Facebook. So go to Facebook find a group Go to that group and just ask them Hey, I'll give you free copy my product you tell me your number one question Have them go fill out your little survey and then go from that from that survey results You get back go and create your your actual system outline Okay, that's it you guys it shouldn't be too difficult You know the it might take you a couple hours kind of think about market research and find the right market Some of you guys already know that the competitors shouldn't be that hard to go to Google and type in what you would type If you were trying to find your product and see who else has got products there and ads there and what else they're selling Then set your flycatcher page takes maybe three or four minutes go into Facebook finding a group Joining the group and then asking them to get some feedback doesn't take too much time And then we get those answers in go and create your system outline So definitely stuff you can do in the next seven days be for sure before our next training And should be able to get done a lot faster than that. So that is the game plan for right now If you guys have any questions again, like I said The members area for those who are watching this live is gonna be set up in the next couple days You'll have a chance to go in there and be able to submit questions to me directly You have questions ahead of time. I think most of you guys have my personal email I just feel free to personally email me and then Friday We'll have our open office calling hours and we'll send you info and all that stuff for that as well But on that appreciate you guys the last thing kind of not word of warning but word of wisdom I want to give you guys is Make sure that you are the type of person who doesn't say I'm gonna go through the training first and then I'll come back And I'll implement it. I've been doing this now for Man over a decade I've been teaching I've been training people on internet marketing and what I found is that the people go like oh This is cool And they get excited they learn it and they wait till the end of it and then they're gonna go implement it They're never successful. They get to the end and then they're like, oh, what's the thing? I learned back in week one I have to go back and really kind of figure it out and they never actually get there But the people who go and they they go through step one and they go implement it immediately even if it doesn't make sense to them They're like, why am I doing this? You know, it's kind of like mr. Miyagi, right? You had Daniel son out there. He's like hey go wax the fence go paint the car and after like two weeks this Daniel gets all gets all angry go backs goes back to mr. Miyagi's like dude I wanted to learn karate. Why you making me paint the fence and mr. Miyagi throws a punch right at him and Instinctively boom Daniel son blocked the punch, right? Mr. Miyagi said look we're teaching you the fundamentals and a lot of the stuff's gonna be the same way you guys make why in the world I know my market Russell. I know what they want already. Why am I running a an ass campaign? Why I've set up a stupid thing you may be saying that right now, but I promise you guys just trust me There's so much value out of what I'm showing you guys that'll come later and And it might not make clear sense for you right now But if you have these assets as we move forward everything you do will be better you'll be more likely to make money It'll be faster. It'll be easier So taking this from somebody who's gone down the show before who's developed Hundreds of products in a dozen different markets and it's coach people through this more times than I can even count on You know that I can even think about Just just trust me on this and follow me through this process and go through it with me Go through the steps and I promise you guys if you do that It'll all make perfect sense and and in a week from now two weeks from now months from now You'd be like oh this makes sense. Okay, just like mr. Miyagi. I'll throw a punch at you You'll be able to block it and you like boom Russell. I fill my ass campaign. I get it now I've got a hundred responses now. I can do the copy for my for my video. It all makes sense now Okay, that's what I want for you guys I just want you get free guys to be successful in the shortest period of time and what we'll take you guys through right now is what? I feel the shortest period of time, but you have got to implement it. Otherwise it won't work. So that's it. All right Good okay, and the last question Eugene just asked on The ask campaign how do you know some people so we thought the thing right here? The the page that fly catcher generator creates it asks for their their name in their email So it'll store it all there in the database and they can just email them back personally afterwards Or I think you can export it and upload an auto responder as well But I just personally mail them back That's kind of how I do it All right, cool. Thanks you guys so again. I'll post up your homework here So you can see it one more time So do your market research find three competitors set up your fly catcher page run an ask campaign and create your system outline If you have those tools forced by next week, we'll be ready because next week we're creating your free plus shipping thing you guys and And if you've got this stuff done, it's gonna be super easy If you don't it's gonna be kind of frustrating and you're gonna see me We're actually gonna be doing this process this entire week I'll be running my ask campaign. I'll be having my fly catcher page my system outline will all be done for you guys by the time I get back here next Tuesday. So if I'm doing it, you got to do it as well Okay, we'll get as a coach if he's not willing to do it as well so I'm gonna do the same thing as you guys all the same stats same results and And very quickly you'll see how all these pieces go together alright Cool Betty said can I set up an ask campaign in Google plus or have Facebook account? I guess you can if you can find a group in Google plus. I've never used Google plus. I would recommend Biting the bullet and fight against Zuckerberg. He's fighting you hard But you should probably get a Facebook fan page just because you got to go where people are at Okay, and Facebook there are millions of groups on every topic you can dream of you can join those groups And you can get your market research almost immediately. So it's definitely worth Biting the bullet and sticking it to Zuckerberg and just doing it if you're if you're fighting it I got a programmer who refused for like a year to get a Facebook account I said dude if you don't get a Facebook account I will fire you because you need to have one because we're integrating with Facebook Okay, by end this training you guys gonna be doing ads in Facebook. So you need to have a Facebook account So I would just get one if you want to use Google plus as well. I guess you can't I still know how to do that So yeah alright Yes Chris's asset if he's not sure if his niche will support a back end again shoot me an email and I'll look at that or if you're watching this The archives submit submit me a video or an audio question And I'll respond back to you as there as well, and I can give you my feedback specifically on your niche all right guys that is it and And yeah, thanks you guys and I will talk to you all soon