Hey everyone, this is Russell. I want to welcome you to today's webinar and this is one that I am super super super excited about Hope you guys are as well Before we get started make sure you guys can all hear me if you are able to hear my voice shout out in the question box Say hello Awesome. Okay, coming through loud and clear. So This is one. I really debated going back and forth on if I should share This module with you guys or not because this is like Some of you guys may remember we did a we launched a 25,000 and a hundred thousand dollar package a few months ago where we were basically teaching people how to set up their own mini call centers and And what you guys are getting today is what those guys got so I'm trying to over deliver. I hope you guys are feeling that and you're excited because this is gonna be Really good stuff. So it's awesome. So we got a lot of you guys on here Ted. Welcome. I haven't seen you for a while Hope you're doing awesome I'm excited for you guys. So as you know, we're kind of the live webinars if you're just getting into the program now You may need to go back and kind of catch up But what we're gonna be talking about today is is kind of towards the end of your funnel This is module number five and in this module. We're gonna be covering How to sell your super high ticket things, right? So we've covered in fact, let me open up Really quick here There we go, okay, so as you guys know, we've been as we've been going through this this train process this is the the funnel that we're all building out, right, which is the the black box and As you notice, there's there's some pieces we spent the first couple weeks focusing on the free plus shipping product We then talked about the invisible funnel create out this entire funnel We gave you guys like more training this and I think anyone could ever dream of but to really understand this part of it And then the last steps after you do invisible funnel You're gonna get somebody to apply for your high ticket thing if you're coaching for your software for whatever it is It you're really expensive thing at the top of your value ladder You want to sell this is how we do this step of the process. Okay, and while on the outside it looks very simple and very Non-complex there's actually a lot of little pieces behind the scenes that we understand makes this process really really easy I think what a lot of you guys are gonna enjoy is just the fact that for For a lot of you guys you went through this process. Okay, so This I'm being very transparent here in everything. We're doing you guys are gonna see how we got you into this coaching program. Okay, and so The fact that you guys are all here is living proof that what I'm talking about works and all you have to do now It's kind of model it and you guys will see very similar Results as well. I think that this this process will make some of you guys Millions and millions of dollars in fact I know people who just they they don't even do this whole front part of the funnel all they do is an application form and Some are making six figures a month or more just doing that part of it. So this is just this is a very powerful piece of the puzzle But when it's applied to this entire black box funnel I think that's the the way you really maximize it where you're you're able to a lot more leads in the front door You're able to monetize those leads and build an amazing relationship with them in a very short period of time And then when you ask them to apply there, they're warmed up and much more likely To to sign up and to purchase whatever it is you're selling on the back Okay, so some of you guys may not have a back-end coaching program yet And so to begin with I want to talk a little about that like And for some of your businesses, you may be confused like what could my back-end thing be and so I want to just kind of address that a little bit The very first time that I ever did a back-end coaching program Like a real one we're gonna charge a lot of money for I remember we the time our business was kind of struggling We had to figure out like how can we how can we raise a lot of money really quickly? And so we had this idea for a back-end coaching program and I remember sitting in In this office with a few people on my on my team We mapped out we said like if we were to create the best possible thing the best experience for somebody What would that be? We said okay? Well first thing we need to do this We rolled up on a board and we need to do this and we just for like two or three hours We sat there throwing out as many ideas as we could make them as crazy as as possible. We didn't want any kind of You know, we don't want it. We didn't want to to censor ourselves We want to give you any idea we could and eventually this huge whiteboard full of ideas and we looked at and write well Some of those things probably aren't realistic. We're not gonna let people come to Russell's house and hang out We're not gonna do this. We're not gonna diss this we kind of started started trimming it down until we found What would be an ideal package? It would be the most value we could possibly We could possibly give somebody and that's what we sold and and it sold really well And that's kind of what we've done as we've created other back-end coaching programs We developed this one. That was a big thing What would be the best possible thing we can give someone? And I really think the best thing is this black box funnel Let's help you will build out this entire thing when it's done now I got something easy we can drive traffic to and they can make money on the front in the middle and on the back end of the business Okay, and so that's kind of the concept is what is this? What's this this back-end thing you can sell? Okay for some of you guys? I know we got a lot of people that are network marketing programs sometimes this application just an application to work with you on your team in your Company, okay, this is a lot of the MLM people use this Okay, they they're selling it MLM in the back, but they never even talk about that You know up front they're talking about how they generate leads or how you know how they can help somebody? Cure their health problems or whatever their front-end thing is to get the right people in the front door And they have this invisible funnel training on the end the right cake We've got this you know I'm part of this really cool program apply over here And and you can work with me and become part of it and you get people applying to come join your team Which is a much better way to get people to join your team than to go out there and you know talk to your friends Family and try to sell them and all that all that hard stuff. So that's one way to do it another way to do is this look at your Whatever it is you're selling or whatever your is your teaching there's during this invisible funnel How can you take that to the next level? Okay? One way is to do a coaching program like this like the one you guys are going through right now Okay, you guys are seeing me fulfill a high-ticket product Okay, it's basically taking my system and then breaking it down week by week and do a lot more hand-holding and and one-on-one You know you guys have a chance to submit videos for me and I respond back to them and you have a chance to do calling hours There's you know a lot of Interaction where we can help coach you through the process and that's what you're getting at the higher level programs Okay, when I first got started remember that The first time I did actually this was so I'd sold a a $500 a month or $500 one-time coaching program That was my first one ever did a second one was a thousand dollar one time And I remember that at that time I joined a mastermind from a guy named Matt fury So me as may have heard of him, but he was in the in the weight loss space and In the conditioning space and he made a bunch of money Then he started kind of branching more into the internet marketing and anyway He had this mastermind group and I think it was like a thousand bucks a month or two thousand bucks a month to join or something like that so I signed up for it and I was part of this group and It was really it was really pretty cool What they do is three times a year they meet down in Tampa and you go to these events and then once a month they had these these calls and you got this call and he just talk and just share it is kind like I'm doing right now and With his there's no really focus It was just kind of he was just randomly just talking about whatever he was gonna talk about for the day But it was really fun and I remember on the call. He was talking about selling high-ticket stuff and Then yeah, he opened up for questions I remember the first guy got on and this was like this weightlifting dude and and the guy was like hey Matt So how should I sell you know? What should I sell for my high-ticket? I have no idea what to even sell and the guy and Matt sat there for seconds said you know what you should do You should put on an event where people can come to your house and lift weights with you And you should charge five grand for it and the guy was like oh, it's a cool idea I'm gonna go do that the next I got on said well Matt This is my program I teach people how to bubble blah whatever You know what should I do for my high-ticket thing and Matt kind of sat there for second and said you know what you should do You should have him fly to your house sit down in your home office and work with them for a weekend to build their website And charge them five grand to do it and I guys like that's a great day I'm gonna do it and then third guy got on and I can't remember what his business was the same kind of thing He asked Matt the same question and Matt's answer I was best when I was laughing because his answer everyone was like you know what you should do You should just put on a program in your home or your hometown or whatever How people fly to you and charge five grand for it now to the third one? I got it the light bulbs clicked in my head I said you know what I'm gonna do this and so at the time I had a really small list wasn't very big and and I and literally that then the next morning so I listen that tell seminar like it's seven or eight o'clock in night Next morning I woke up and I send email out to my list of saying hey guys I got this whole in a marketing thing. I've been doing I want people to come to my to my home You're gonna you're gonna come to boys you were to hang out for a couple days You're kind of my house will hang out and it's gonna be five grand And I sent the email out and I waited and the first day I had no sales I was like oh didn't work, but the second day I had two sales came through a five grand a pop boom ten thousand dollars And for me at the time ten thousand dollars was insane I was just like I can't believe people just paid ten grand for this and so I was super fired up and so That got me really excited so I was like well you know what House kind of market this I started doing a couple other things I ended up getting I think I got four or five people I send five grand and I was just ecstatic that was like more money than made in six months, right and But then I realized like all these people were gonna come to boys And there's only gonna be three or four of them here and I'm gonna look really stupid like I didn't sell anybody So then I was like scrambling something I need some more people so I called all my friends up And I was like hey, we're doing this thing in Boise it's gonna be it's gonna be two days Teaching in our marketing. Can you come and invite like ten of my friends? And so I had a room with like 15 probably 20 people that they showed up and Recorded this whole thing and for three days and I everything I knew about internet marketing and that was my first $5,000 workshop and then from there we recorded it put on DVDs And we sold the DVDs later for a thousand dollars and that became my first home study course It was just kind of cool. So for me, we know we've done different back-end programs. I've seen a lot of people do different back-end programs We saw recently if you guys saw the case study video for the for the black box One of our one of our students names Brittany. She's in our our 25,000 our mastermind group So she's in the in the weight loss space and what's interesting with her is that usually traditionally weight loss space You can't sell high-take at things everyone always says that like people weight loss will only spend $30 on the e-book But she didn't believe that and so she went out there and did a four hour invisible funnel tell a seminar She didn't even want to do a webinar and at the end of it She answered questions and then she had people go apply just like the process of taking you guys through people applied her Assistant called them on the phone went through the same script some about to show you guys and from that was able to Close I think it was like eighty seven thousand dollars in sales in a weekend So it was really really cool and really powerful. So that's kind of that's kind of Hopefully gives you guys my diss with her coaching program all she did was it was I think it was weekly coaching calls for 14 weeks We're each week they got on listen to her I think they paid two or three grand a piece to be part of it. So for you You just got to kind of think about what is it? What is it that you've got that you can sell in the high-end format? Okay, and the reality is what you're selling right here is gonna be identical to what you're selling right here you guys the difference is here They're getting it in a three to four hour presentation Here they're getting it with you. Okay, where you're coaching them you're walking them through they can ask questions You're doing more live whatever that is. That's what the this is happening right here. Okay? So if that makes sense if you guys have specific questions about your coaching program, what should I do? Just go in the members area submit the question to me we can kind of talk about it through there and We'll make sure we get you we'll get you Straightened out and in the right direction, but again, it's gonna be the same thing you're teaching here Just in a different format if you remember the couple days or a couple of weeks ago I talked about how people will say it will spend the same amount of money or excuse me people will spend more money for the same Content packaged in a different way. Okay, so all you're doing is taking the same content you're packaging in a different way Instead of them listening for three or four hours now. They're getting to work with you for three or four months Okay, and that's kind of the difference. All right, so there's a black box So what I'm gonna talk about right now is I'll talk about this process right here the application process and then we're gonna talk about the the actual sales process and I think you guys will enjoy it and It should be kind of fun. All right, so the first thing I'm gonna do is I want to show you this This is a new banner out. I kind of created for the back of each of my funnels. We've been testing a lot of stuff over the last few Man last two or three months We've been trying to test this and and and fine-tune it and this process what we have now and it's one that's working the best and so This is what I would kind of model for you guys But at the back of all of ourselves processes now so somebody buys anything On the thank you page we have here's here's your down the links everything that there's this banner right here I blew up kind of big she has can see it But all the banner basically says is need my help says I'm not and it says I'm not talking about another course product class or seminar I want to design and create the system with you that sounds like something you'd be interested in just click here right now Can say spot a product and they're like cool. I got some information about whatever and they come here They're like oh Russell actually working me to do it. That's really cool And then they click on this little play button and takes in the next page Okay, now one thing interesting about this process you guys This is something I had to learn that I didn't understand right out of the gate I thought initially they're like everybody we sent through this funnel like everyone's gonna apply and they don't They people have to be a certain spot in their life to To be interested enough to to apply to work with you because they know it's gonna be cost away more money They've got to be in a certain spot and a lot of times they've made just bought this product and They just bought it and right now they're like I bought the things and changed my life They try to ask me to apply a lot of times. They're not gonna be ready They're like yeah, you know, I'm gonna go try it out first and then I'll let you know if I get stuck And so it's important that you have multiple times that you're promoting this application page So the first time I do is on the thank you page. Okay. In fact, I can show you Like on dot-com secrets labs You see on the thank you pages at the bottom here. It's like hey need my help click here Okay, so just on the page after they get up they download all the products They just bought there's that that banner ad but again only a percentage I would say maybe two or three percent of people who buy are actually gonna click on that and fill an application And so because of that you need to have a follow-up sequence of people who bought that you're sending emails to them Okay, what we see is over about a 30 day period time I'm dripping emails talking about things and talking about the cool stuff They learned in here and then telling them hey if you need help and come over here If you want to do this come over here and keep kind of just pushing people back to here gently You're not slam dunk closing anybody. You're saying hey if you're stuck or you need help come Let me help you and you kind of keep pushing people through a through a drip sequence just through some through emails over over the next 30 days or so and keep pushing them here and During that 30 day period time the right people are gonna rise up to the top and usually you'll end up Getting anywhere from five to ten percent of people who go through your funnel to actually apply here now if you're if you're Invisible funnel training is structured. So the end of it you're pitching your application page. You'll get a lot higher percentage And so the the initial funnel I had didn't I did the the training webinar But I never I actually pitched this application in the in the webinar, but the new ones we are doing That they will be put pitching the application at the end. Okay? All right, so that's the first step is you're just Again, your high-end thing is not here's this new thing again It's not a new course a new product new class new seminar. It's I'm gonna be working with you Okay, I'm taking this this relationship to the next level. Okay, that's what people really want There's a point where they don't want to learn anything new they don't want a new trick or a new hack or new whatever They just want to work with you They want you to help them implement because you're the one teaching the stuff They believe that you know how to do it. Okay, that's why we've got all you guys on this training right now Obviously you're here because you believe that I could do it Okay, if you're in the weight loss space people buy your product because they saw your six pack They saw you're in good health whatever it is and they know that you can do it Okay So this is where you're saying hey come work with me And I'm gonna take you by the hand and and kind of take you on this path and and hold you accountable make sure you're successful Okay, so that's kind of what's happening here now from here. They click on this and the video doesn't play it actually takes them to my application page this is our new application page we just rolled out and It's kind of cool. It's working really well right now. I'll kind of walk you guys through the process So the first thing is I have this video right here and my goal my videos is two things My first goal is I just want to get them And you guys can come watch this video if you if you want to if you go to inner circle dot com secrets calm You can come and see this video to kind of see the psychology behind it My goal with this was just I want people to come and basically say hey you're here you're watching this video It's that's proof that all this stuff. I'm talking that actually works otherwise you wouldn't be here right now and And you came here through one of my sales funnels and then I kind of I wanted some kind of bribe or some kind of hook to get them To to want to apply but I didn't want to get too strong If you bribe people to apply really really hard then you get a bunch of really bad leads that you don't want And so I didn't want to bribe them hard But I didn't want to base I wanted to get them excited about about why they should apply Outside of just like hey you should come apply because whatever I really wanted this to be like you should apply It's gonna be an amazing thing. It can change your business. Okay, and so because I said hey if you apply I'm gonna give you You have a chance to talk to one of my coaches and very upfront You will talk to my coaches and after the call my coach is gonna go through these 14 funnels find out which one's best for you And then he will send you all 14 of these and then you'll have you'll know what's funnel you should be applying Okay, and so that's kind of what I Will be bribed them but they know up front that they do not get in these funnels let's they talk to one of my coaches on the phone and And so it's again, it's it's setting up where I'm getting the right kind of person I'm somebody's opting in and it kind of ends there Okay, and then very simple. It's just step one of three and then I have some testimonials from people who think I'm cool Testimonials always helps if you have any testimonials putting me in here just just for for extra proof, right? If someone comes here, they apply Then takes in the next page where there's an actual application All right now And again all of you guys have gone Have gone through here All the guests have gone through applications, you know Before I jump on we got a good question from Ryan He says is your high ticket offer always open or do you take in people in batches is a new group every six weeks? So Ryan yesterday is it depends you can do it however you want I know with some people they'll push it They're trained really really hard and then they'll close it down And then they they'll do a six or eight week or whatever that is process And then when it's done they graduate when then they reopen it and the strategy behind that as well for me we don't We don't necessarily close our ours down But we keep our group small enough that we can have a lot of personal interaction stuff like that And so it's just kind of you guys got to fill it out Like how many people can you do you feel like you can interact with and help at a good level and if you oversell it? It makes it really really hard So if you got full-time salespeople they're not gonna want to sell for a week and then stop for six weeks either You know so kind of depends on if you're gonna do the selling yourself or if you're gonna go and Personally, you know higher sales people either way will work and I'll walk you guys through those processes here in a minute That's a great question All right, so here's the application form Everyone's application forms gonna be different, but I want to talk about ours and kind of talk about what we did and why we did it So you guys can can understand Also inside of click funnels you will be able to build out this entire application funnel just by clicking a button Except for this form this form is not something click funnels does but the service that we use that we love right now. It's called woo foo Wait, woo. They are Wufo.com and this creates our forms like I literally create that form in about Maybe two minutes and then it saves all the people they fill out the form and it saves them in a database here You can scroll through see who people are you can it's just it's really simple and really powerful and Really cool software, so I think it's like 20 or 30 bucks a month. So that's how you actually get the application page That's what we do at least here, okay Okay All right So so the first name obviously first name the message for phone number now We used to have phone number like required But the problem is that these forms always have the four numbers in this format which works really good for us International people They don't and we've got a lot of international people to buy our program as many of you guys know one of you guys are overseas And so we added a second line that says if your phone didn't fit here then type it in here And that way our international people can get their phone number in okay email We have Skype we have their website okay now a couple things first thing I say is tell me about your company What are you selling? What is currently working in your business? Okay? I want to see what's working because we got the phone with them. We want to be able to know You know if you know anything about the person's business when you got a phone with them It's really hard to sell them but they got a phone say hey we saw your dude you having success here That's that's that's really cool. And if people you're working with her having some success Especially if you're in like a business Environment you know that they're gonna have some more money whereas if they if they're having success They probably have any money and might not be the right person for your coaching program, okay? So that's kind of why why we asked us have about what they've been doing what's worked I see other people ask questions that says you know of all my courses. I've sold which ones have you already gone through So just questions that I kind of find out what's working so far. Okay, the next for me is Is I want to find out what they're already doing as far as sales phone So I'm gonna be coaching through the black box, which is the funnel. I think is the best So I'm gonna find out what kind of fun they're doing so I'm asking about about what what do they already have? Okay, if I was in weight loss space, I'm I ask them like what's you know, what's your Your eating program like right now. What's your exercise program? What are you doing right now? So I want to get more details on that. Okay, the third one is what you're no problem in your business right now Okay, this is important because You want if you know what the problems are You're what you're selling is just gonna become the solution to their problems You need them to say hey, I'm really struggling with leads or traffic or my funnel is horrible I have no product to sell whatever it is. You know, I Binge eat or I do it, you know, whatever your business is you want to know what their problem is because you're gonna talk about it When you when you call when you talk to him on the phone to sell them because your coaching program should be the solution to their problems You need to know what their problem is. This is an easy way to find that out right out of the gate. Okay, these next questions They're here But the main goal these questions is to find out that the person that you're gonna be working with if they'll have enough money to Pay for your coaching program if they don't then you don't want to try to sell them Okay, every time we've tried to sell somebody who has no money. It just always turns out bad. You want to make sure that people actually That this something they can afford otherwise Tell them to go buy the cheaper thing and and to learn on their own if they can't afford to work with you directly That's good But you need to find that out ahead of time so you don't waste their time or your time And that's kind of how you do here So here for for my business if they've got a list they're probably making money so I know how big their list is I like to know what their monthly gross sales are okay if they're starting those cells Probably not a good candidate for for our coaching program But if they're any of these other ones, they could be a great candidate. Okay now somebody is currently making over $50,000 a month I'm probably not going to sell them my $8,000 coaching program I'm probably gonna sell them my 25 or my hundred thousand our coaching program Okay, and this helps us know that at a time like hey, who we talking you what kind of a business or we are we talking with? Okay, next thing's what their marketing budget again. This gives me good idea of what they're doing right now We had somebody yesterday apply Who's a company's doing like 30 I think 30 something thousand dollars a month and they have no advertising budget and their biggest struggle Is leads and that got me excited like man All we have to do is help you spend money to generate leads and we can make you money really really quickly Okay, but I can see that by looking at this thing Hey, you know they don't have any advertising budget or only spending this much a month in marketing We know this is something we can affect and if they are spending five ten thousand dollars a month in marketing We also they probably have they're probably a better candidate probably more money to sign up for high-end coaching program. Okay? All right, this question is a is a is a powerful one All right, this one actually came from a book that Dan Sullivan wrote called the question in fact I would recommend Everyone go and buy this right now it's like a 40 or 50 page book you can read it in like an hour hour and a half But it's powerful. It's called Dan Sullivan is called question Anyway, this this books I said it's worth this weight in gold for 20 bucks You'll have it go read in an hour or two you know kindle for $10, but this is this is powerful And so this whole question right here is based off his book And so the question is if we were having this discussion three years from today and you were looking back over those three years What would have had to happen in your life both personally and professionally for you to feel happy with your progress? Okay, that's his question and the book talks about psychology behind it and how to structure Your your cells call them things like that I like answering that because it gives people somebody a chance to like really look at like what's you know If I become part of this what do I have to do to like what is it? Have to accomplish my life for me to feel successful about this and they say hey if I can get the point where where I'm making You know $10,000 a month. I'm gonna feel successful if I can get point where I'm covering all my major bills I'm gonna feel successful when I know that we can look at that and say is that realistic someone says I want to make a Million dollars a month, you know, we're probably make you know, this is not really realistic for you You probably should join somebody else's coaching program Russell's program is not designed to make you a million dollars a month If you're like, hey, I want to increase, you know, if I can get the point where we're generating 500 buyer leads a month I can say that and say yeah, that's something we can definitely do for you Okay, but I want them I want them future pacing and thinking about where they want to go because if I if they're doing that Then I know exactly the path we got to take them on to be successful. Okay, by the way if you guys watch this video up here I also asked that question here in the video. Okay, I'm a student of Dan Sullivan. So I listen to this question I implement it wherever I can Okay, next one. This is starts to do with posturing. Okay now big thing As you start selling here your coaching programs. The reason why people are gonna want to work with you is because of It needs to be because of partially because of s Exclusivity, okay If I got on the phone with every single person that was on my list first off I would die because there's too many people but second off it wouldn't my time would no longer be worth anything It's all about supply and demand and so you have to Start posturing and positioning yourself as as an expert somebody who you know your time is worth a lot of a lot of money And so this is where we kind of start this process and you'll notice that as we get into the sales scripts It's all about positioning and posturing and it's it's such a big part of it. All right And so this right here I say working with Russell's application only and there's usually waiting Let's please describe why you'd be a great fit to work together And this is really kind of sell you on why you should why they should be Working with you. Okay, why you should work with them and it's always good to have somebody or potentially gonna be selling to To to kind of sell you on why they should why they should work with you, right? So it's a good question to ask now for some of you guys I Promise you're gonna be probably nervous about About positioning yourself as an expert. I know that that's a scary thing a lot of times for people especially At the at the very beginning But you've got it you got to get past that okay You're trying to ask people for money or trying to help them through your system You're trying to help somebody you've got to understand that you are the expert You are the leader and and you're the one that can help take them to where they want to go. Okay? This is kind of a I'm not sure I'll be fine this really quick, but I hope I can so this is a dude on YouTube What if he pulls up just for juicing oh Please second fine and this would make yes, this is the dude, okay? So this guy right here That's gonna be much an advertisement first here bear with me for four seconds. I can skip this All right Okay, so anyone here on the call seeing this dude right here This guy's awesome, so he literally has 1598 videos of him in front of his RV most of time to shirts off sometimes dressed like kind of a lunatic But he's always out here juicing and he like has the coolest juicing recipes in the world and the dudes ripped and He just juices all day long right and so we saw this guy This is probably man probably four or five years ago the first time we saw him on YouTube when some of my friends We're getting into juicing and one of the guys worked with us names Garrett He was like hardcore into and he was following this guy and telling all of us like you guys got to go watch his videos and and Like look at this dude. He gets 300,000 views on this on this juicing video him with his shirt off, right? In front of his RV which still cracks me up. I think he's homeless But I'm not positive But what's cool about so so Garrett actually emailed him is like hey man. I love your videos Love to just get on a call through a quick and ask some questions about what you're doing and the guy's like, yeah That no no problems. Here's my rate card. He sent me a rate card and again. This was five or six years ago I don't know what he charges now, but at the time it was like hundred to hundred fifty dollars per hour to get on the phone Talk with this dude, okay this dude who again is probably homeless Has the was is in a spot where he positioned himself as an expert in juicing, okay? And people like us not only interested We actually paid him to get on the phone for an hour to get his his ideas for his system his secrets Whatever you want to call it, okay? And for those you guys who who are in this program you're nervous about how do I position myself as an expert? I want you to get some I want you to get some inspiration from this guy He's charging hundred to two hundred dollars an hour to talk to him on the phone about juicing, okay? I promise you that with it you're as much if not more an expert in your field Whatever it is you're doing and then this guy and you've got to be willing to to really step up and say look I'm an expert. I understand this thing I'm willing to get up there and people should pay to be to get for me. I'm worth that much, okay? Now for all the guys you got to figure out what you're what you're worth What's your time worth to you? Okay for some of during your coaching program is that it gonna be a thousand dollars gonna be five thousand be ten thousand You know, I've got a couple you guys who go into this program and specifically I think the biggest problems in your business right now is you're not charging enough, okay? I would say when you're looking at higher ticket things like this like I would say five thousand dollars should be the minimum You charge and you say well Russell what if my people can't charge five can't can't afford five thousand the answer is Then you're going after the wrong people, okay? When you build out this funnel if you're building this thing correctly, it's gonna attract the right type of people, okay? If you notice our new offer dot-com secrets labs It's all created to attract people who are business owners who want to lose split testing Okay, those are my ideal customers because they can spend a lot more money on a coaching program traditionally Okay, if you're selling a front-end thing that that's not sexy and it doesn't You know attract somebody who can afford something you got to change that you changing this front-end is gonna change who pops out the back over here Okay, that's a key. I hope you guys are getting this. This is some some important stuff All right, so I know I want to share with the juice guy, but I thought it was I thought it was awesome So all right, so people got applied to be with you You are as Dan Kennedy would say you are the guru on the mountain and if they want to work with you They've got to pay to be part of it. They got to pay to play Okay, so you gotta find out they got to sell themselves on why they why they would be a good fit to work with you And then down here when you look at take action now soon someday This is trying to find out serious. They are and down here fill in the blank. I'm an excuse maker I'm a procrastinator I'm an action taker This is again try to find out like what kind of person are they if if we do decide to work with them They're gonna be ready to take action now or they're gonna be like oh call me in a month and we'll talk about it then Okay, I know about you guys, but Not just not just from the fact like I want to get people's money now But the type of person who says oh Give me three or four weeks and I'll sign up is the same type of person who will never be successful in life Okay, it just in there. They they they are forever waiters never action takers Okay, the fact is are on this webinar means you take you took action I mean you saw an opportunity took it you move forward and that says a lot about you and it's and that for you guys It's also type person you want to work with somebody says I'm an excuse maker or procrastinator I don't want to work with them. They're gonna be a headache They're gonna be ten times much more work and they're not gonna kind of person who's gonna be successful But the duty says I'm looking to action now I want to I'm an action taker those are the people you want to work with because those are the people who can implement what you're saying They're gonna have success and they're gonna be happy with your coaching Okay, if they're not implementers, I promise you they are not going They're not gonna be the kind of person that's gonna it's gonna be a successor They're gonna be kind of person that becomes like a thorn in your side. Okay, and so Hopefully I see some psychology behind this this form It's really to try to weed out the wrong kind of people Okay, we only want to be talking to and selling people who are the right fit right right fit from a financial standpoint Right fit from a from a mentality standpoint on to make sure that they've got money on to make sure they're serious or make sure that There's their promise something that I can actually solve I want to make sure that That they they're willing to sell themselves on working with me and I want to make sure that they're they're an action taker Okay, so yes, is this looking familiar? I mean again all you guys came through this process You saw how we kind of sifted and sorted you weren't you know if you were on this call right now You were someone who was a good fit. Otherwise you wouldn't be here. Okay? Okay, so I'm said for those who who check procrastinator you not call them back No, so what we do is we as we go through our leads we sort of we say who's the person that's gonna be the best fit for us to Go through and every day look at the leads a this person's gonna be the best Let's call them first this person me second best is called in third and we just we kind of grade them now If you run out of leads you can call a procrastinator Maybe they just check the wrong box which does actually happen more often than you think But I'm definitely not gonna call them first if I know that's who they are, but they're an action taker You know you spend your spend your time where the biggest return is gonna come from great question Awesome Chris says that I remember my feelings as I was going through as ready quit my job to join wow it really works. Yeah Again all the stuff is about state you guys when you're trying to sell someone you got to get them into the right state And so again, there's a lot of psychology behind this and I don't think there's anyone else in the world that ever shared this with you So I hope you guys are getting this to see kind of the value behind it But but it's really powerful Alright, okay next step So after they apply Then we take into a homework page now the homework page there's a lot of psychology behind here as well I'm gonna show you guys a couple things and a couple things were changing So the first step here is a lot you saw we have scheduled your appointment to Detroit, Kimberly or Robbie We're actually taking this part out right now and the reason why is most people who are scheduling appointment are scheduling at three To four days in the future and I want to talk to people right when they're excited like they apply I want to talk to him five minutes later because that's when they're excited. So by tomorrow this Section the homework section will be different. We're no longer allowing people to schedule appointments Okay, because I want to be able to call them immediately and get them excited and start I might have an option they can call me immediately and start talking to us, but we're not gonna have them scheduled That's just something that we've been testing over the last few weeks and and we've made a definite call that we're gonna be pulling the appointment So but definitely having them know that this is serious Okay And that's kind of the first step. This is what's gonna be happening. So you're telling them what what to expect Okay, they get some random call and they're not expecting a phone call They're gonna make what's going on If you tell me someone's gonna either Troy Kimberly or Robbie from my office gonna call me or if it's you have a smaller team It's gonna hate either either me or my partner is gonna call you or my assistant's gonna call you whatever it is But you have that person who they they're looking forward to so they're anxiously waiting for that call. Okay, that's a big key All right, okay now step number two and again, there's different things you can do I'm gonna walk you through what I did but Before someone gets on the call with one of our salespeople I want them to be sold on me. I want them to be sold on why they should be working with me So this first video I have them watch is the seven secrets of success video and most of you guys probably watch this This video is really just going through the mindset because I want people to understand that like to be successful in business You've got to invest case. I'm trying to I'm trying to to get these things in there. They got to invest They got to take action They got to do you all the things that they do need to do in business But also things that kind of pre-sell when they're on the phone with our with our salesperson This video kind of goes through that okay So if you want to come this page you can watch it against inner circle dot.com secrets comm slash homework and watch this video You can make a version that's kind of similar if you want But this is for me to try to get somebody in a state where they know the yes I need to take action I got it I can't delay anymore if I want to be successful. I do successful people do and move forward on things Okay, that's the goal this video Okay, second goal the second video here is something just to build a personal relationship with me Okay, so you get this first one's more more focusing on on the success principles They need to have to be successful which are all things are gonna help our salesperson to close Second one is a building the relationship with me. So this is the video I'm sure some of you guys have seen this where I talk about why I'm so passionate about business I share the story of my wife and I and that's trying to get pregnant and and the company who was out there marketing who we found and Because of them we were able to have our family and this is an emotional video and I can't tell you how many of you guys who are on this program right now who watched that video and said and told Troy Kimberly Robby specifically you said you know what I'm here because I trust Russell Okay, nobody ever told me that so I added this video in here So I recommend putting some kind of video or something in place that'll just tell your story so people will trust you more Okay, they're not gonna stop something. Don't like if you they trust you there They're gonna be willing to sign up with you. Okay, so trust is a big thing This is our video to help give them trust and this is more of a proof video. This is a Chats my buddy spent an hour with me and we took his business from going bankrupt to being really successful just by spending an hour So you just kind of told the experience I spent an hour with Russell and man It changed my changed my business if you have chance to work with them do it do not miss out on this Okay All right, and then at the end of safety one calls right now Boom gives the phone call and so that's kind of the process Yes, I'm gonna say you don't remember also so yeah, so we've been tweaking this like I said over the last four or five months We've been tweaking this and changing a lot. This is the version we have right now Now for a lot of you guys you're not gonna have a video like this and a video like this and all these things already done That's fine but I have some kind of video on there that basically Introducing them to you and say hey, my name is Joe and you know you're here right now Or it reminds my name is whatever and this is my my wife This is my team or whatever it isn't and just kind of make the goal of this page is to make you very very real And so when they talk to you on the phone that I had I can relate to that person I want to work with them and so the homework for me the homework is just that is to get people in a state where they trust you They're excited to be working with you and so when they call them on the phone it just makes again. It's it's It's tweaking the frame that people are gonna be talking to yourselves person with and the better you can you can Manipulate and tweak that frame the more likely the cell will happen on the next page come All right Very very cool. Okay, so that's what's happening here now behind the scenes after we go through this process a couple other things are Happening so after somebody comes here and they and they apply Again the way this whole thing is being structured is and not just that it's being structured this way But it's true is that this is this something we don't take everybody in fact we turn down. I would say I Said we turned down probably 10 to 15 people a day We don't accept into our program just because they're not a good fit Why only again? I only want work people who are successful people who have the capability to be successful Which is why you guys are here and so But I want to I want to cause What's called a takeaway cell what I want people to feel like They they they they've got to come through some some hoops to be able to work with me Okay, because the hardest one works tries to get closer to you the more likely are to purchase In fact, this is kind of a funny example of that when I first I Stoned Kimberly this story yesterday. I believe so when I was first getting this business I was learning about everything and I was I was making a little bit of money online I'm not a ton but I would say say probably was about a hundred thousand dollars I'd made so far in line so I was feeling pretty good about myself and and one day it was a We were living in in our old duplex that we had had bought and was Renting out part of it and woke up in the morning. It was a it was supposed to be a holiday weekend We were really excited. We're gonna go take off and I walked outside and we stepped on the grass And the grass was soaking wet my foot like smushed into the water and I was like, oh man when the world just happened here and so I Looked out there and my whole yard was flooded So went over there I found that that a pipe had broke called the city they came over and they said hey the pipe the brooks somewhere in your yard So you got to deal with it And so I had canceled our fun trip for the day and start digging a hole in my front yard I ended up digging this hole It was like I don't know eight feet deep and I have to be able to find where in the world this pipe was broken and took me the entire day But before I started I was out there digging. I'm like, I gotta I gotta listen to something I'm gonna go crazy and somebody had sent me these Dan Kennedy CDs before and I had tried to listen to him But I just didn't like Dan Kennedy. I thought he's kind of boring and but I decided to listen to it So I started listening to this thing and over eight hours and be digging I listened to the entire CD course and I was just like this was awesome stuff I really enjoyed it and in the course he was talking about how he's got this high ticket Mastermind group and how all the best people are there He's talking about who was in there and I remember listening that and I just thought I I need to be part of that program I don't care what it's gonna take. I need to be there Like that just it sounded the greatest thing in the world So I called their company like hey, how do I get in? I think they call it their their inner circle or their platinum I can't really call it but I was like I want to be in this thing and they're like well, sorry we only accept 18 people a year and You know, there's like 50 applications already in if you want you can submit an application But you're probably not gonna get in for a couple years and it's that most people have to like Ascend through different levels like yet. It's not for our $8,000 a year program before you get into our higher one And I was like, why don't want to wait? I just want to get the best thing right now like I just want to jump to the top, right? And so and so I kept calling them and bugging them and they're like we got your application We'll review it. We'll get back to you and and at the time I had a friend that was working for them So I called him up. I was like you got to figure out a way to get me in I want to I want to be part of this thing like I want to whatever it takes So he's he pulled some strings and finally they sent me email saying okay fine. We'll accept you you're you're in the program Congratulations, here's a link to go and buy and I had no idea at the time what it was gonna cost I assumed it was like maybe ten grand which was a fortune to me I was like, you know, how am I gonna afford ten grand? They said over the the order form is a twenty five thousand dollar program and I was like, oh man I I don't even know what to do right now like that's so that's so much money and And so because of that but I was too like prideful to say no at that point I had worked my butt off to get in and now like I gotta pay twenty five grand And so I went and I I paid the twenty five thousand dollars Which again was a fourth of everything I'd ever made online It's probably all the money we had in our account at the time and I joined I remember going to that first mastermind Scared to death like how in the world am I gonna am I gonna gonna? You know to cover this and be part of it But I look at that and that was like really the the turning point my business that that within a year I'd done over a million dollars and within three years we've done over ten million dollars And I really like it join that mastermind is one of the key the key points. Okay now the reason why I told you that story is just You see how hard I work to get in because they they wouldn't let me in okay That's called a takeaway cell where they just keep saying no you can't no It's gonna be good fit for you and and the more of that there is the more desire that creates for the person on the other side Okay, look at my kids now the more I tell them they can't have dessert the more they start begging me for dessert the more I say you got to go to bed. We're not watching a movie the more they beg me to be part of the movie Okay by taking something away from somebody it causes a lot of desire Okay, and so what we do is that somebody applies we start sending on email sequence that with the number one goal is to create desire Okay, to make them want to be part of it So I'm gonna show you some of these emails and the new ones have tweaked a little bit But this is still about it Okay, these ones we had when the coaching program is called a 30-day shortcut the first one basically says hey Thank you so much for applying for 30-day shortcut which now again the new version says for the dot-com series intercircle We've received your application. We're looking forward to talking with you. Here's what to expect next first Please complete your homework. You can see your assignment here boom I take the homework page and second the next day or so our team will be reviewing and pre-approving applications Next 24 to 72 hours. You'll be hearing from us No If you are accepted in the next 24 to 72 hours you're beginning a phone call for one of our team members to go over your application If you're not accepted you will receive an email letting you know that you aren't accepted and what suggestions What our suggestions are for you to take next? Thanks again. We look forward to talking to you soon Okay, what I did right now is I planted a seed of doubt in their minds They're like, oh, what if I don't get accepted? What am I gonna do? Okay, and I want that so what I want to start creating that desire for for what I'm gonna be talking to him about So the email number two comes the next day subject line says I'm deeply sorry Okay, for those waiting for this are just like oh Crap I didn't get in I come back. Hey, I want to apologize We knew we're gonna Going to get a lot of interest in the for the 30-day shortcut, but we didn't realize it would be this much So we're taking this very serious. We can't accept everyone right now We've been spending significant amount of time going through each and every application Taking longer than we thought and one side note you guys this is all true This is not something we just made up, but you see how this process makes you like oh, man I got to figure out like I need to get in this thing. Okay, get it. It's a desire amplifier Okay, I'll let you know who our finalist choices are if you're one of them within the next day or so I most staff working these right now. So thanks for your patience PS make sure you complete your homework so when we do talk you're gonna be prepared the homework is listed here Okay, and so that's kind of process I got a couple more emails to go out but same kind of thing okay not got called yet It's a subject line okay from all nervous phone calls the emails we're getting I get it You want in you wanted now if you still want a phone if you're still waiting to get called back on your application, but you're ready But you're ready to move now you can give us a call and we'll jump you in the front of the line I make step one makes you in homework step two give us a call here This doesn't guarantee you be accepted It'll give you a chance to start talking to us right now sound good cool call you in a few minutes We get a ton of people now who are calling us okay from this email now if they're calling you does that change anything in their mind? Okay, yeah, it's way more effective someone's calling you saying hey tell me about inner circle I want in then you call them saying hey, I'm calling you about the inner circle Okay, it just changes again it changes the whole perception where they're they're kind of chasing you if they do that It makes it so much easier to sell somebody all right Okay All right, let me come through a couple questions came through Okay, Ryan said out of curiosity how many applications do you get a day? So that's a great question and what's nice about this process is you can kind of you can kind of gauge that So we do is we just drive traffic to here and then applications fall out the back Okay, and so if I need more applications There's two things you can do you can start driving more traffic to the front of it here or The existing people have come through as funnel you can send an email like yesterday We wanted a few more applications for sending email out to a segment of our buyers and said hey come join the program He's some help and we got I think 40 applications yesterday, which was way more than we needed or wanted but That's what we got so now we got a whole bunch of applications that came in very in very short period of time But you kind of you kind of tweak it if you want more then you increase it if you want less you can decrease it I would say for us our sweet spots about 10 to 15 applications a day is about where Where our sweet spotted if we get more than that we can't handle them all if we get less than that then people are sitting around So good question Alright Okay, so there there is the the process all right now after after They've applied then we get the applications internally and then there's a there's a process There's a process now to to sell somebody on the phone Oh wait one more cool. We have one more question. So I Was a good one. So Eugene's asking so free every free CD you get how many applications do you get? So that's it that's a That's a it's a hard number to be able to say because a lot of it just depends on how aggressive you are with your with your campaign I have some get your free thing. How many emails you're saying what's your what's your plan? How good your hook? You know for for us it was kind of funny One of the big ahas I had it Ryan Dice's mastermind group that I went to last month Was that they do is it was someone comes in your front end? You've got to build an application generating machine So your entire goal after they come in here is to get them to apply get them to apply So building a whole email sequence whole bunch of stuff to do that some of you guys may have saw the email If you've bought dot com secrets labs, you should have gotten email yesterday. Oops wrong one Switch page here so dot com secrets calm and the process right now building out like a 20-day Autory spawner sequence that all I'm doing is just given some killer amazing content So this is email number once anyone who who buys dot com secrets labs the first email I get takes him here and it's like hey guys I just made this cool 25-minute video talking about the lifeline of a lead and I walk people through kind of this really cool process and They end say hey if you want to be part of my inner circle come apply right here And so Every day for again, I'm not sure how many days yet. Maybe 10 days or something They're gonna email after they buy my free plus shipping thing They're just leading to cool just cool stuff where I'm just sharing ideas and give them tips with a goal to keep pushing them down here To to apply and then in there off some harder ones. It says hey Applications running out trying to push people to go and take action now But that's kind of the that's kind of the process It's just after they come in send them cool stuff that gets them inspired to come over here and to subscribe So Chris asked like I put some email sequence copy examples in the resource section. Yeah, I could I do that? For sure, but I mean again, there's nothing there's no magic sauce to my sequence you guys It's just trying to deliver tons of value. So somebody's bought this free plus shipping thing What are the cool things can I talk about based around that concept to push people back into this application? Okay, so this is a good example of where to go There we go. This is a good example of one so Some of you guys probably got that if not you go watch the video was really good If you like it come come comment. I'm gonna get more people commenting Anyway, kind of fun. All right So we come back here. Okay, so that's kind of the process of what's happening online with the applications now after The applications filled out then there's a two-step process that again every one of you guys went through that you will take your your people through as well and I'm not gonna train on this during this call because it'll take me five or six hours to do it and What I did do is Robbie Troy and Kimberly recorded their entire Robbie record a whole process in teaching how to use the scripts that we use Okay, and so when you guys watch this it'll probably sound very familiar because you guys all had a chance again to go through this process with us Now there's basically there's a two-part There's a two-part process when you're when you're selling someone there's the set and then there's the close Okay, the set is basically the first person's gonna talk to him Okay Now if you are like a small company, you know one one or two person show the sets probably gonna be an assistant Do you hire? Okay, it could be somebody who's You know it could be a personal assistant could be a secretary could be whatever But the person who is set the goal of them is to get on the phone and to review the application with the person and find out They're gonna be a good fit for you and that's basically what it is And so Robbie walk you through this this video here. It's gonna walk you through The the set script how it works and so for you guys you can watch it Or if you hire a personal assistant just this video was we created to train our our new salespeople So you can just show them this video have them watch it and Robbie will basically train them on how to do the set script Okay, and again It's the person taking the application going through it calling the person on the phone and finding out they're gonna be a good fit for Program, okay now the closed script is the second part and this is where you talk to the person who's in charge of Program sometimes that person is gonna be you Okay, sometimes if your company gets a little bigger and you don't have time to talk to everyone Then you whoever's ahead of your coaching department would be doing that one Okay, so if you guys remember most of you guys probably went through this process and you talk to somebody So you talk to somebody First who who was our setter and you talk somebody second who is our closer? Okay, then after you close somebody then there's a compliant script to make sure that you get kind of a verbal contract Or somebody and so this these videos here you guys will train you on that three-step process Okay, and if you go to find that you come down here to Module week number five and click on building your sales team and those videos are all in here You have another video that we'll be adding probably tomorrow In here that'll walk you through some of the technical stuff like how to get your Vonage box lined up And and just kind of the elements like how to how to pay your salespeople How to how to pay commissions like all those kind of questions will be the fourth video that should be in there again Probably tomorrow or before the end of the week it should be in there as well But this will give you guys a lot of really cool stuff on how to use The sales scripts that we use that obviously are very very effective Cool All right, so that's kind of the process you guys In a nutshell we've been on here for about an hour, but you've kind of seen that the process we've gone through you've seen The online the parts, you know, here's a cycle you need my help moving into an application Moving them to more of a full application to your homework page and then from there all the training for For what to do on the phone with them is all here in the members area Good good Awesome, do you have any questions any of any questions right now about anything? I'm sure that a lot of you have more questions probably after you go through this a little bit And if you do feel free to again send me a video message and all we can walk you through any piece of it You want but I think you'll start seeing some things become familiar when you when you do it Okay, it was just kind of the fun part of my business everyone's like is it weird that you teach people What you you know what how you were able to sell them and it could be weird But I think for me that's my favorite part like I literally if you come to my office I've got probably three or four hundred thousand dollars worth of products that I've purchased You can see part of my library back here behind Robbie But I buy it for two reasons why I like getting the product a second I like seeing the sales process and that's for me more valuable than anything else And so again, we kind of debated like do we share this stuff with you or not? But you know my goal free has to be as successful as possible So I wanted to really just open up the curtains and give you guys everything that we're doing so you understand This is how the whole process works There's nothing we're trying to trick you or hide you this is what how it works and it's something you can model and Using your business as well And it'll make your guys jobs a million times easier the few other people I know that have That teach how to sell back in things never have any kind of script They just kind of tell people I get on phone with them and just you know you just sell them now And I don't think that's really that realistic There's a lot that goes into sales and there's scripts that work and there's a lot of cool stuff And so that's kind of what this extra training is in here for you guys Again, the only people we've ever shared this before the people that paid us twenty five thousand dollars or a hundred thousand dollars to have this Have this have us help them build out their own mini call center and so you guys are getting this as a bonus just because we love you all so All right Very very cool Okay Joe says to I in for me if it's fine for you guys don't I'm trying to give you the entire process But you know if you're not ready for this part of it yet You come back to this part and just focus on where you're at I want to give you the tools so that when you are ready for this part you're like boom. I need this you'll be able to come in Good good. Yes. I some ass if I've gotten some videos I'm a couple days behind on video So I'll be responding those probably tonight or tomorrow to have answers back for me if you submitted a video And the next question was the software. I'm glad you guys asked that the software is looking amazing Our goal is to give it to you guys next week I think our program is actually flying out here for us to do all the final run-throughs and everything And then we need you guys to beta test it So you each get an account you go in there and have fun just beating on it if you find any problems you let us know Because of that next week's Training I'm not sure what day it's gonna be on yet. I might do later in the week So I want to make sure that training I want to give you guys the software and give you the ability to start going and creating some funnels And so I'll let you know next week what day that'll be again. It might be closer to Thursday Just because again, I want to spend Monday Tuesday Wednesday with Todd here in the office getting it perfect And then we can pass it off let you guys play with the Thursday do a training show you how it all works And then at point forward You guys will have the greatest tool in the world, which I'm excited for you guys. It'll be it'll be you guys will love it so Chris I love the idea of beating on click funnels We're our goal if you guys watch the video our goals make it unbreakable So there's no way you guys can screw up a funnel. They'll look beautiful no matter what I guess I've you'll be literally all these templates I've ever created for myself. We have all these in there So you'll say okay, I want to use the coaching funnel and click a button boom It'll pop out of this page pop out this page It'll pop out this all three pages will be popped out and you just click on here You change you type in your headline you type in your thing you just tweak it And so it'll it should literally be just like pretty much the coolest thing in the world. So You please show us your wallpapers so we can match the feet with the face. Oh, he's wants to my my kids Yes, there are There are my kids so you want to see I'm gonna move all the steps you can see him better So these are my twins Dallin and Bowen Dallin was born nine minutes earlier than Bowen. They are now eight years old It's my daughter Ellie who is six years old almost seven and this is Aiden who is our three and a half year old almost Almost four now. So there they are. That's my family Very very cool. Awesome. Okay. Well, I appreciate you guys. I'll get this training the members area as quick as we can Also, if you look in here, you'll notice We got in last week's training is in here in the attractive character Me see there and also there's a bunch of resources I put in here as well whole bunch of really cool stuff Because I wanted you to be able to dig a lot deeper there and then week Five billion sales team stuff This is where you can find the videos from our sales team and this video will go right here in the application process That should be there probably by tomorrow and then next week will do your funnel So it's getting exciting guys after we get your funnel We build those things out and then we start focusing on traffic and I think that's that's gonna get really fun. So It's gonna be it's gonna be awesome. So Frank said four kids and all your businesses you ever sleep. No sleep sleep is a waste of time Anyway, that's my that's my philosophy But uh, anyway, I'm too much fun to sleep Awesome. Okay. Well, thank you guys. I appreciate you all have an awesome weekend and Or this is only Tuesday now awesome week and and then look for next week We'll start doing the the actual sales phones will be a lot of fun. Appreciate you guys and we will talk soon