And so the first thing I want to walk you through is kind of our structure for how we write our sales letters.
So anything that we're selling from $17 up to $97 or so, this is the script and this is the process we take somebody through.
So kind of the beginning to middle of the value ladder.
Now the first time I first learned this concept, probably eight years ago, eight or nine years ago, I had a chance to interview a guy named Vincent James.
Anyone heard that interview here?
David Eisner actually has the interview in his backpack.
He showed me yesterday.
We sold on his little MP3 players, free player shipping, and he still has the MP3 player.
So Vince was amazing.
He's a 28 year old kid.
He's older now, but at the time he's 28 years old.
And one day he was trying to figure out how to make some money.
He was in his mom's basement.
He had a big pen, a pad of paper.
He wrote a four page sales letter with this pen, put it in the envelope, mailed it out, tripled over on the front end.
And 18 months later, he had made $100 million selling a product.
And just, anyway, so I had a chance to interview this guy for six hours.
He told me every, it was like one of the coolest things.
And if you listen to the interview, it was like my first interview ever.
I'm scared to death.
I'm like a little tiny kid, like asking this dude who made 100 million bucks all these questions.
And he was gracious enough to let me talk to him for six hours, going through everything.
And it was really, really cool just to kind of hear and see what he did and everything.
One of the big ahas I had from him was when he was talking about how he writes the sales letters.
And he said that every single sales letter, right, follows three distinct parts.
He said, I focus on a star, a story, and a solution.
Okay, star story solution.
So just these, as I go through this, I'm gonna break it down into those three things.
But the first picture of star, next to story and solution.
Okay, so the star in this sales video or sales letter, whatever you wanna call it, is obviously the attractive character, right?
The story is the story behind this character and what happened to them that brought them to the solution which is your product.
So that's kind of the hierarchy of, here's the hierarchy of what a sales letter looks like, okay?
And so that's what I wrote all of my sales letter for for the last ten years, so it's kind of based on that pattern, star story solution.
I never had more guidance really than that.
I just kind of sit down and it took me years to get better and better and better at it, eventually I just kind of had this process that we do whenever we write copy.
And because of this event and because of the book and because of everything I've tried to break down and see what I do and why I do it and what other people do and why they do and try to figure it out.
And based on three or four days of just dissecting as much copy and much successful ads as possible as they'll break down into these steps.
And so I'm really excited to kind of go through it because this is the process that most of our sales letters and sales videos follow, almost to a T.
And sometimes there's deviation, sometimes we change things, remove things, you don't have everything.
But as a whole, this is the pretty close pattern.
And so I would recommend this for any guys trying to write sales letter, use this as your initial control.
If you want to tweak things or change things a little bit, you can.
But the process works, okay?
All right, so I'm gonna kind of go through this.
So again, the first is the star.
Now, the very first thing, and we talked about this a lot throughout this week so far is that people are in their patterns, right?
They're doing their thing over and over and over again and we've got to figure out how to interrupt their pattern, okay?
That's the first key.
And so any video, any good videos got some kind of pattern interrupt at the very beginning to get them to kind of like, what is this?
One of the ones that, I don't know if we go or publishing was the first one to do, but they're the first one that I saw doing on a big huge scale is you come to their sales video.
The first is this big red screen, and it's warning, this is controversial, and this video may be taken down at any time.
It feels like one of those warning screens, you just walked in the wrong room or you did something wrong, right?
It's like, and it's huge pattern interrupt.
People are like, whoa, what just happened?
And it grabs you, and big pattern interrupt.
Sometimes you pattern up with a headline.
Sometimes if you ever see how John Benson writes his sales videos, they're always like, here's a picture of a goldfish.
What do you think this goldfish has to do with you being fat?
Let me show you.
It's always these weird things like, what a goldfish?
I've seen like 8,000 people knock it off.
Like one's like, hey, this is a starfish.
What do you think a starfish has to do with you not getting chicks?
Hey, this is like, everyone's got like this weird thing, right?
And so that's one way to do pattern interrupts.
Usually every good video has got to have some kind of pattern interrupt just to get somebody to be like, whoa, this is different.
I need to pay attention to this.
And again, you can think of a million different ones, but as you're watching other people's videos, look at how they do that.
Watch how they do their pattern interrupts initially because they give you ideas for things you can tweak and test and try out on yours.
The first is pattern interrupt.
Now for me, the second thing I switched to initially is the core desires, which is very similar to the primary question.
Like what are my audience's core desires?
And I want to ask some questions about that.
I want to get them doing what?
Child closing it.
I'm getting them nodding their head.
So for our .com secrets, X1, here are my core desire questions.
I've got a quick question for you.
You know, it's like 90% of my videos I'll start with, I've got a quick question for you.
I don't know, that's something my style, I always do that way.
I love it.
It's just like for me, the best way to start a message.
That's the way I do it.
Have you ever wanted to work from home, own your own business?
Come on, you know the lifestyle, the one that everyone talks about, where you can work from home in your underwear or the beach with a laptop?
Okay, so I'm asking these initial questions.
Okay, if I was in weight loss space, it'd be something like, let me ask you a question.
Have you ever looked at that really good looking girl walking down the street, and you're wondering why in the world she's got a six pack and you're overweight?
Or whatever it is, right?
Or for the guy, like, have you ever, like, the truth about abs is his kind of initial thing he's talking about.
When I was growing up, I was like this kid, who I used to go to the locker room and see all these people with their six packs and I never had one and I was always jealous.
Okay, and she was asking questions like, do you ever feel like that?
Do you wish you had a six pack?
Okay, so I'm always looking for those kind of questions initially, because I want them saying, yeah, I wish I had a six pack.
Yeah, I wish I had some more money.
Yeah, I wish, whatever that thing that their primary question, their core desire, what is that thing?
I want to start asking questions to get them saying, yeah, that's the issue I have, yeah, that's the problem I have, that's the thing I want to solve.
Okay, so that's the second place I'm going, is core desire questions.
Now after that, I like to kind of start jabbing at them a little bit, because everyone, every internet marketing video out there at any niche is always like promising the world, right?
So I want to kind of, I want to show that I'm different and I do that by agitating the past failures, I kind of like showing them like you've probably tried this before, right?
It didn't work.
So if you look at my, our.com secrets video, again, the example in the book says, so why hasn't this happened for you yet?
Come on, admit it.
This isn't the first time you've been looking for a proven way to make money, is it?
When is it your turn?
This isn't the first time you tried to lose weight, is it?
This isn't the first time you tried to stop your pornography addiction, is it?
This is not the first time you tried to make money in your network marketing program, is it?
No, it's not.
Okay, my guess is the most of your customers would come to you, it's not the first time they've tried it what they're trying to do.
This is a recurring thing, they've bought things before in the past.
And so by calling them out on that, makes them kind of think, kind of sets you aside like, wow, maybe this is different.
Cuz he's not just being like, most guys try to, try to like act like their thing is the greatest thing in the world, and yours is, and it can be.
But what's powerful and important is that you're, you're identifying like, you probably tried other stuff.
This isn't the first time you're here, I get that, you get that.
Let me show you what we've got to, how we can help, help, help you accomplish the, the thing you're trying to do, right?
So I was gonna agitate past failures, and now I start switching over to, what's the big problem?
What's, what's the one thing?
Okay, the entire core message of my sales letter, what's the one core thing I'm trying to do?
Okay, every sales letter, every sales video, every webinar, everything's got one core thing that you gotta focus on.
Okay, especially like, and I'll talk about that more in the webinar section, but you have one core thing and everything else is built around, around justifying, improving, and making that one thing true.
Okay, so for .com secrets acts, our one core thing was list building.
So that's what I introduced.
Like, I'm gonna show you guys a way that you can, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, like, something about list building.
What's your big hook, your big promise?
The one big thing that they're gonna learn from this video, from your course, from your everything.
Okay, so this is kind of where your first pitching and first plugging, your one, your one thing we've been talking about all week.
Okay, one big thing.
And then after that, so after I made this big promise, this is what you're gonna learn.
I say, hey, my name's Russell Brunson, and I wanna welcome you to my website, whatever it is.
This is where you start introducing yourself.
Okay, and typically, you're introducing yourself as attractive character.
So you'll see on the next slide, we start shifting to backstores.
Usually what I'll say is, hey, my name is Russell Brunson, and I, and, and three years ago, I was exactly like you.
Okay, this is kind of come back to the reluctant hero.
You don't have to be a reluctant hero here, you can do whatever character makes sense for you.
I usually go immediately reluctant hero here, just because reluctant hero is the one I think that most people empathize, emphasize, you know the word, empathize, it's a T-H, not a P or S.
That's a hard one.
That's one of the most people empathize with the most, that's one I like to lead with initially, okay?
And so that's where I've introduced an attractive character, and that's the beginning.
Okay, and typically this is probably the first, maybe minute, minute half my video, okay?
I'm introducing the star.
And the biggest mistake I see a lot of people do is they, they start the video with, hey, my name is Russell Brunson and I want to blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Okay, you're not the most exciting thing in the video, okay?
We all think we are.
That's why 99% of the videos I see out there, everyone's starting with introducing themselves, but you don't want to do that yet, okay?
You want to take this process first, pattern interrupt, ask them the core desire questions, agitate some of their past failures, the past attempts at fixing this problem, introduce the one big thing you're going to give them, and now introduce yourself.
Okay, now they're on a good stage.
This is the pre-frame.
This is the equivalent of, of me meeting a girl and having her friend introduce me because it's pre-frame me and preparing me so that when I come into the story and say, hey, my name's Russell Brunson, now they care.
Here's the value ladder, right?
So while the ideal place to take somebody through is initially through here and send them up, sometimes people come directly here.
Okay, John runs ads every single day that people just directly to apply for my inner circle.
Okay, now we're able to do that because he's targeting people.
He's fishing from a pond that he knows likely prospects are going to be in.
So he can go directly to here and we get sales from there all the time.
But in a perfect world, it's always going to go this way.
So if I have a video right here, I'm selling a $37 product and this is the video script I'm going to go through.
A lot of times I'm going to drive traffic directly to here, especially if it converts.
Okay, ideally I'd rather start here and move up, but I use these tools, these pages, these things we're creating all over the time.
Just like when we create automated webinars.
In a perfect world, I'm selling that to my middle of my value ladder, but I'm also driving traffic directly to automated webinar because I'll make money on that as well.
That make sense?
Hopefully.
Okay.
So that is the initial how we begin all of our videos like that.
All right?
Okay, number two, now we transition over to the story.
Remember, star story solution.
And this is where it starts getting fun.
This is the part where you start entertaining and educating and getting these guys all excited.
So the first thing I do is, so again, I just introduced the attractive character.
I told him that a couple years ago I was just like you.
And then boom, now we switch to a point of high drama.
Okay?
I learned this initially from Dagen Smith.
Every good story starts at a point of high drama.
Yeah?
Yeah, same video.
This is all weaving together into one thing.
Yep.
So Dagen was talking about me initially.
He said that he's the most people who start a story.
They're like, hey, so let me tell you my story.
I was walking down the street and then I got to the corner.
I took a ride and I started walking down.
I saw the store and I walked in the store and I started to buy my food.
And also this dude jumps out with a gun and starts shooting me, right?
Okay, and most people have lost interest by like the whole first half of your story.
So if you want to tell a good story, you start with I was looking down the barrel of a gun.
The bullet was, I could see the bullet in the chamber and the beads of sweat were dripping down my face.
As the lump in my stomach started growing, I realized I'm about to die.
I started the point of high drama.
Then I can come back to the back story and be like, five minutes earlier I was walking down the road and da da da da da.
But now I've hooked you, right?
Think about the good movies.
Good movies, you know it's the first like 30 seconds of a movie is usually the best part of the whole movie because they start in the point of high drama.
They can suck you and initially they've got you forever.
Anybody remember seeing the movie Cliffhanger, Sylvester Stallone?
I was a little kid, I don't know, like 10 year old, 12 year old.
I remember when I first saw that and I remember, I still this day remember the feeling because the show begins and there's this big line across this huge cannon.
And they're going across this line and all of a sudden the girl sitting like starts breaking and starts falling and she catches it and Sylvester Stallone comes out and tries to save her and they're fighting.
And for like three or four minutes, the thing's happening all of a sudden she falls to her death.
Boom.
I remember sitting there and looking at my hands and my hands were soaking wet and I was like, we're gonna watch this movie, this is awesome.
That's the kind of experience you want somebody having at this point.
You wanna tell your story, you start at the point of high drama.
Now the other thing I learned from Dagen when it comes to story selling that's really, really cool.
We talked about how most of us can tell stories, we haven't been taught how to tell stories the right way.
We'll tell a story and we'll be like, we tell things at a very superficial level.
So, for example, I was looking down the barrel of a gun.
That's pretty good, but most people will move past that.
And Dagen when he's talking, he's like, if you wanna get people to have real emotional impact, you have to get past the visual thing.
The visual is the gun is pointing at my face.
That's powerful.
But what gets really powerful is when I start getting deeper, I start talking about the lump in my throat that happened and the beads of sweat down my face.
And I literally, all the emotions you're feeling was happening inside your body.
What your face feels like, what your back, what your legs, you start sharing that part of it and suddenly you suck somebody in an emotional level.
And most of us haven't ever done that way, but if you start doing that way, especially during this point of high drama, where you can really bring out exactly what you're feeling in an internal state, that's where you really, people start feeling that.
We were at a event a little while ago and we shared that concept and we were doing more of a workshop thing where we let people write that story and share it.
And remember when this girl's got up and she started sharing her story and she was telling her story about the day she found out she had cancer and she started telling this thing.
It was the most gripping story she ever told and she was talking about the emotions she felt and the feeling of the tears going down her face.
And I remember seeing there like sick to my stomach and I was like, wow, she got done telling the story and everyone in the room was just like, oh, she had us all, every one of us.
And that's what you gotta do with this kind of story, is you gotta figure out how to take that high drama and not just tell it, but to make him feel it.
Okay?
All right, so start this high drama.
Bring that, then you shift back to the back story.
How did you get to that point of high drama?
Because this thing, you got a gun in your face.
How did you get there?
We need to know how we got there.
And that's where you shift to the back story.
Let me tell you how I got that spot because it's a really interesting story.
I started here and went through it.
Here's the chain of events that brought me up to that point.
And eventually that chain of events, this back story is gonna walk you into a wall.
Boom, and I hit this wall.
Okay?
And the wall, this is the same wall that your listeners are probably hitting as well.
Okay, so if my product is about list building, I was trying to do all this stuff, couldn't make my line, couldn't make my line, and all of a sudden I hit this wall where I realized kind of what the thing was, right?
Or if it's weight loss, the wall is, I was trying all this stuff.
I tried this, I tried this, I tried this, and boom, I hit this wall where I just, I couldn't progress any farther.
Okay?
Because I'm guessing that if they're there watching that video right now, you guys, they just hit the wall as well.
Okay?
The person with the pornography addiction, they see that video, they just hit the wall.
That's where they're coming to me at.
So I've got to meet them at the wall because their goal is to break through that wall, and if I can show them how I broke through the wall, they're gonna have a little bit of hope.
So I bring them to that wall.
And the next step of this right here, after I've brought the wall, I got to identify, what's the real problem?
I hit this wall and I realized that the problem wasn't that I didn't know how to make money online.
The problem was that all the people who were making money online, they had a big email list.
Like, everyone, I look at all the gurus, they all had email lists.
And I was doing everything else they were saying, but the one thing that they were doing, I wasn't doing.
Okay?
That's for the list building one.
For a weight loss one, I'm sure you guys could do that as well.
Like, what's the problem?
I tried everything and I realized that while all these other people were telling me this, this, this, and this, and I was trying pills, I was trying all these things, the one thing I didn't realize is this.
The real problem was I needed to eat less calories or carbs or whatever the kind of the problem, the thing you're trying to set them up for.
Okay?
So I'm identifying the problem.
Now, remember we talked about earlier about, about, about inception and creating inception in their minds?
This is where that part begins.
I'm identifying this problem and again, if they're hitting, if I was hitting the same wall they're hitting and I, I, I see the same problem that they're seeing.
All of a sudden it starts showing that problem to them, right?
And they're starting to see it.
I'm bringing them on this path.
Now, typically after I identify the problem, there's one of two, two directions I'm going to go.
Okay?
One is the epiphany route where I had this epiphany.
If I would just do this one thing, then everything else would work.
Okay?
So you're taking through an epiphany.
And again, my goal is to get them to have that same epiphany with me.
If they have that epiphany with me, then again, it becomes their thought.
It's their, it's their idea.
And now they're, now they're already pre-sold.
So that's the epiphany route.
Or the other way is the Declaration of Independence.
I tried all this stuff and I got so frustrated, I decided I have to change right now.
I have to lose weight.
I have to make money.
I have to stop my addiction.
I have to do whatever it is.
I'm making my Declaration of Independence.
So either it's an idea they got or they got so pissed off that they decided they were going to declare their independence.
That's typically one of the two directions I take things.
Okay?
The epiphany is usually the, again, the idea or declarations.
I got so upset and angry, I knew that I had to change today.
Okay?
And again, that's where they're at right now.
They know that they showed up and they have to make that change as well.
Okay?
So that's the next step we take them.
All right.
So after you've had this epiphany, I had that epiphany.
Like I had to build a list or I had the declaration.
I have to lose weight.
Okay?
I made that stay.
I made, I've drawn the line in the sand and I've stepped over it.
Boom.
Now I'm going on this journey.
Okay?
I'm going on this journey and I got to try to figure out some stuff.
So the next part of my story is I started telling about the path I went on to find ultimate solution.
So after I went through this whole thing and I lost and I realized I needed to lose weight, I went on this path.
And so first thing it is, I hired a trainer, then a chiropractor, then an acupuncturist and this is nothing in, I'm taking those path of all the things I tried that didn't work.
I tried this, I tried, you guys probably tried these things.
I bought these ebooks, they didn't work.
I bought these diet programs, I took these magic pills and nothing seemed to work.
I'm taking them on this path and tell something worked.
Okay?
I'm going to tell them about my path to finding this ultimate solution, which in the end will be your product.
Okay?
But I finally had some success.
I had a little bit of success with this one little thing.
Okay?
So what I'm showing is I'm showing them a little bit of hope after all these things that I, that I tried, which is probably the same things they tried.
I had this little ray of hope.
This is where this little hope came in and I'm opening this, this, this little spot of light for them.
Okay?
And I start sharing these are the first signs of success I had.
When I realized that I tried this thing and I lost five pounds in a week.
That was the first time I've lost weight forever.
I tried this thing.
I sent an email out and actually made money.
First time I ever made money with my list.
It tried this little thing and I had a little bit of success.
Okay?
So again, that glimmer of hope.
And now what I like to do is after I've had that little bit of glimmer of hope, now I like to start pointing fingers at, at, at the other people, right?
Because after I had that little bit of success, that's when I realized it was never my fault.
This whole time it was weight loss companies fault.
It was the big bad gurus.
It was the, the big pharmacy companies was somebody, right?
Somebody that you're, you're, you're target market who they also hate, right?
That's when I started talking about the conspiracy because everybody believes there's some kind of conspiracy.
They believe they're fat because of something else.
They believe they're overweight.
They believe that they're unhealthy.
They believe that they're not making money.
They believe that whatever it is you're trying to sell, they believe that because they think it's somebody else.
Okay, we all love conspiracy theories.
Anyone know who Alex Jones is?
Okay, big conspiracy theory guy.
If you want to buy ads on his site, like his audience buys everything.
They're huge.
They're rabid.
They're crazy because people love conspiracies, okay?
Um, so you kind of introduce this conspiracy and they shift over to like, you have to understand that this whole thing is not your fault.
Okay, do you remember, do you remember earlier today when I was, when I was sharing with you guys?
Where are we at?
Page 55, the beginning stuff of the inception.
This is where this stuff's happening, right?
Right now, um, I'm justifying their failures.
Okay, this right here is justifying their failures.
So this whole time that you've been fat and you've probably blamed yourself a little bit, maybe you blamed your, your, your job, you may blame whatever, but it's not your fault.
People are like, you're right.
It's not my fault.
Like you tell them it's not their fault.
Like, oh, good.
Okay.
I'm justifying their failures.
It's not your fault.
Okay.
It's a big bad gurus.
It's the weight loss companies.
It's the drugs they put in your food.
It's the programming, the TVU.
And you got to blame it on something, something that, that they also believe in.
Cause then you're shipped down to, this is where we start throwing rocks at our enemies.
Okay.
So you got to figure out in your market, whoever you're selling to, like, who's the common enemy?
Okay.
I told you guys, I think day one, the best way to build a cult is to find a common enemy and throw rocks at him.
So in this process, I got to find a common enemy.
For my product, if I'm doing weight loss, who is the common enemy?
So make money, who's the common enemy?
If it's basketball coaching, if it's tennis, if it's, everyone's got different businesses, who's the common enemy that you're trying to unite against?
This is where we started introducing that.
Okay.
The conspiracy theory is usually tied to the common enemy.
And now we've got to blame someone else.
I just told him it's not their fault.
So whose fault is it?
You find that person and we start throwing rocks at him.
Isn't that image awesome?
I was really proud of that one.
Okay.
Did you guys see this?
So you come down the slide, I'm showing a little science success.
And when I really, it got that success.
That's when I realized it wasn't, it wasn't your fault.
There's conspiracy and here's your fault.
Who's, here's whose fault it is.
We got to start casting common stones.
Cause now they're like, yes, you're right.
Okay.
We're starting this little cult mentality, right?
You guys have seen what people in cults do.
Crazy stuff, right?
They're not trying to create a cult, but you're trying to, to do this, all the stuff, right?
Cause you're trying to get people to buy into you and to buy into this movement that you're creating.
All right.
Now from there, after you kind of call them out and you say, now look, now after I figured that out, after I realized that it was these guys fault that everything bad was happening to me, then I started having success.
And that's when I started having success and started growing.
And let me show you all the stuff that started happening.
Okay.
I made more money.
I lost more weight.
All the stuff started happening.
Okay.
This is kind of where you're bragging about yourself.
Okay.
Now the problem is that just by the nature of who you are as the person who's doing the, the speaking to them, just by the nature of who that, of who you are, they're going to think that you're better than them and be like, well, you can do it because you're so and so.
Right.
That's just the nature of people's minds.
Like, oh, well, it works for him because blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Okay.
So after you've showed your own success, you have to show now, you have to make it real to them in a, but didn't just work for me.
I started showing other people.
Let me show you case studies of what happened to this guy when I showed it to him and then this guy and then this girl.
I showed all these other people how well it worked and look what happened to them as well.
Cause now they got faith that it's not just you because you're superman.
It's because all these other common people just like them had the exact same results.
Man, this could be, this could actually work for me.
You see how that works?
Okay.
So there's your rapid growth, your case studies.
And next thing I'd like to drop in here is, uh, is the hidden benefits.
This is another one I learned from Dagan that I think is really, really cool where I come back and it's like, not only did these people lose a bunch of weight, the other thing that I didn't even realize was going to happen.
The other hidden benefits is that, is that now they had more energy.
I had more energy to play, play with my kids.
I had more, more time.
I, uh, I was able to date better looking people.
I was able to make more, like all these other, all these other hidden benefits that, that came because they made this change.
And I was like, wow, there's all this other cool stuff that's going to happen to me.
But my goal is to lose weight, but I'm also going to get girls.
I'm going to get money.
I'm going to get all these other things, all these hidden benefits I didn't even know about.
Okay.
So you have those hidden benefits and all of a sudden I'm like, wow, this is even better than I thought.
Okay.
And that is the story portion of the sales letter.
You liking this so far?
I love this stuff.
Okay.
Then we transition over to the solution.
Okay.
So the solution now is your product, your service, whatever it is you're going to sell.
So now we come back and, and, um, and, uh, we just, what do we just left off on?
We just left off on hidden benefits.
So now we come back.
So because of all this stuff, we decided to develop, or I decided to create, or I invented, or whatever this, and this is the first formula deduction.
That's why I created blah, sassy grass drink.
This is why I created boom, but whatever the thing is, right?
This is why this is a formula deduction to the product and try to sell them.
Okay.
This is where the solution begins.
All right.
Now, as soon as I introduce a solution, so let's just say I'm going to use sassy grass because this is tangible I can talk about.
So here's, here's, here it is, right?
Boom.
Here's the solution.
Okay.
There it is.
Um, now I want to talk about the pain and the cost involved in that order for me to do it.
Cause I don't want to be like, oh cool, I can go find green drink anywhere.
I want you to come back and start showing like, this is awesome, but I got to tell you when I created this, it was so much harder than I thought it was going to be.
It was really, really difficult.
It cost me a ton of money, ton of effort.
I spent 20 hours a day researching and finding all the pain I had to go in.
To be able to develop this.
It was a pain in the butt.
I did it for you guys.
That's why I did it.
Right.
Cause I want to show that this is not some easy thing.
Cause if it, for them, for the craigs, cause if they think, oh cool, I can just do that as well.
Then you lost them.
You need to add this in.
This is something I learned from Perry Belcher, adding in the pain and the cost associated with the development of whatever this, the solution is.
Okay.
Then you switch back over to the happy part.
But the cool thing is that now that I have this thing, now that I've got sassy grass, I can increase my, I can become healthy so much easier.
Now I start introducing the ease.
This is so easy now.
And it's so fast now that I have it.
Okay.
So maybe then cost me a ton of money, ton of energy, but now I can get all the same results.
Super fast, super easy.
Boom.
Okay.
Now for me, this is where I start introducing some of the benefits.
Now you guys know how I feel about bullet points.
I'm not really a bullet point thing, but I do believe in introducing benefits.
And I call these so benefits because most people screw up when they say benefits.
They're like, one of the benefits is that this sassy grass is really healthy.
That's a benefit, right?
Who cares?
So I got to add so after it.
This sassy grass is really healthy.
So because of that, I can blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Okay.
This healthy, this sassy grass also does this, this, this, and this.
So I can do da, da, da, da.
Okay.
This, this, so, the little magic word so in there in the middle, that is the word.
Whatever you tie after so, that's the magic of what makes a benefit power.
It's really powerful.
Okay.
Every time I look at someone's letter and they have so, they have these benefits, I always have to tie, as soon as you add a so to it, it just makes it magic.
It switches it from being this like flat stale thing to this magical thing.
Okay.
I usually do three or four so benefits.
I don't do a ton of them, but I like having a couple of them in there.
Then from there, I transition to social proof.
Okay.
So I show the benefits of this.
Now when I took the solution, I gave it to Julie and she loved it.
I gave it to Micah and she loved it and this person and here's a bunch of other people who liked it as well.
It's really awesome.
This is what I like.
So more, more kind of case study stuff and more on the testimonial side, more the social proof side.
And then, and then after social proof, now this is where I make the official offer.
This is what I say.
So I want to give you guys a chance to try your very first bottle of sassy grass.
This stuff is awesome.
Okay.
So I make my first official offer.
Okay.
This is where usually I'm going to come.
I'm going to say this is, this is where I created boom.
And then I'm going to start trying to build value.
Okay.
This is like, if you look at a webinar, this is where you start, you start saying, I'm going to do this and I'm going to add things.
I'm going to give you bonuses and I'm going to give any of the extra things you can add on to make the offer a little bit better.
And I would be very careful that you don't take away from the one thing.
Okay.
The one thing is still the core thing, but you can build value.
I think I'm also going to give you this and this and this, but don't spend so much energy on that because I do not want to take folks off of the one thing.
Any of the benefits and the value I'm going to add need to strengthen and support the one thing.
It can't be like this whole other thing.
Cause then you have to explain the new thing and all this stuff.
I want it, um, like for example, high ticket secrets, like the, the product is high ticket secrets.
We help you do this.
Okay.
Then my adding value is, and I'm going to give you guys all the sales, all of our sales scripts and I'm going to give you, uh, the video training where Robbie trains the guys and I'm going to give you, um, the ads we run to find new sales people and I'm giving some quick things that, that strengthen the initial sell.
I'm not saying, and I'm going to show you guys how to drive traffic.
Takes this, say, wait, what?
You know, it's completely different.
I just want my value add to, uh, to strengthen the one thing that this whole message is tied around.
Does that make sense?
Okay.
It's adding value.
Then I introduced the fake price.
If you add up all this stuff, it's going to be $10 million.
Now I know you guys are going to be like, I feel like I use car sales and also I don't want to do that.
Um, and I get that, but if you want to make money, you have to be okay doing that.
Okay.
You normally say, so right now the product is this plus I have to give you all these bonuses, the total value that's going to be, and boom, I got to give them a high price.
And the reason why is I have to anchor that price in their head.
I have to show them that this is actually worth this much.
Cause they're not going to be $37.
I think it's worth $37, but they think it's worth $1,000.
And I sell for $37.
You're going to buy it all day long.
Cause I have to anchor that price, a bigger price in their mind.
And it's cheesy as it sounds.
I remember the very, the second time I spoke from stage, I was embarrassed about doing this.
And so I didn't, and my, my pitch was even like, I'm not going to do that cheesy thing when people do inject the price up and bring it down.
My price is a thousand bucks.
And I tried to sell and I got zero sales humiliating.
I literally walked off the side, snuck out the door and ran to my hotel room and stayed the rest of the event.
Cause I was so embarrassed.
Okay.
I would rather do a little cheesy stuff and make money than not make sales and feel embarrassed.
Okay.
So it's okay to do that.
Is that right?
Okay.
Okay.
Interest of fake price.
After you know it's a fake price, then we come back to the if all statements.
And we're talking about this in the webinar section as well, but if all statements are really, really powerful because I just, I just gave them this price as high ticket price.
Now I need to justify that price.
So what I do is most people, they, they share the high price.
They're like, Oh, but don't worry.
Don't worry.
I'm not going to sell for that.
They get nervous right?
Right.
I can't get nervous.
I have to stand on my ground and say, okay, here's the price.
Now, obviously I'm not going to charge you guys that, but before we move on, I want to ask you a question.
If all this product did was help you to blank typically first one is something helps to move towards pleasure.
All this thing did is help you to finally, uh, to finally live in the house of your dreams.
Would it be worth it?
You'll be like, yeah, that would be worth it.
Cool.
Now, if all this thing did was give you the ability to finally fire your boss away from pain, as much as their pleasure, pain person, want to touch both of them.
All this help you to fire your boss would be worth it.
Yeah, it would be worth a thousand bucks.
If I could fire my boss for a thousand bucks, awesome.
Boom.
I got him.
Okay.
Now that price I gave them, that price is worth it to him.
Okay.
So if all is right after I do the price hike, and from there I say, okay, now I'm going to come back and that's not actually the price as you know.
I'm not going to give it to you for a thousand.
I'm not going to give you 500, not even a hundred because I care about you guys.
I'm going to give you for just 37 bucks.
It's going to be awesome.
Okay.
Reveal the price.
Now I come back after that and say, now a lot of you guys, even at $37, you're going to be nervous and I get that.
There's a lot of scam artists on the internet.
So I'm going to do a really cool guarantee.
So I want to make sure you're successful with this and I want to make sure that you take that leap of faith with me.
So I'm going to give you a guarantee.
The guarantee is you can test this out, blah, blah, blah, blah, whatever your guarantee is.
Right.
Boom.
Now they got a guarantee.
Now I got to start injecting some scarcity because the guarantee made me feel really comfortable like, okay, cool.
Nothing bad is going to happen.
They start getting, excuse me, complacent again.
So now I got to inject some scarcity again.
Okay.
But even though I'm going to guarantee you guys, this is not going to be round forever.
Okay.
There's a very limited number of people I can work with, very limited number of people I can give this to.
If I give it to everybody, the whole world's going to be skinny.
Okay.
We can't have the whole world skinny.
We need some bigger people.
Right.
Whatever your, whatever your scarcity is, right?
Okay.
It's those liberals.
If we give this, if we just ask the grass to everyone, the liberals are going to be full of great.
Then we're screwed, right?
Okay.
So you got to enjoy.
So because of that, we're only giving it to the first X amount of people or when they're gone, they're gone.
I work, I can work a thousand things at a time.
It takes me six weeks to get new stuff in stock.
So I have some in stock now when they're gone, they're gone, whatever it is, right?
We inject our scarcity.
Now I got some scarcity.
Now what I want to do is this future pacing stuff I talked about earlier.
Before we go on guys, I just want you to imagine like, imagine what your life's going to be like when you and your kids and your husband and everybody is drinking sassy grass.
Okay.
They're drinking it.
They're feeling more healthy.
They're feeling happier.
You have more energy.
When you wake up in the morning, you don't feel tired, be excited about the day.
You make more money at work.
All these other things.
Just imagine that's going to be like, is that going to be awesome?
Way better than that right now.
We can get you there.
I promise you.
So just imagine that for a second.
Okay.
Now I have to even imagine that.
Go down and click the button to order.
Okay.
Give them the first call to action.
Go and click the button in order.
Now after I've told them to go click the button in order, there's going to be people who are starting to click.
And a lot of people are still kind of sitting there.
So what I like to do is I like to do what we call post selling.
So like, like we see some, we see you guys are going to order now.
For those of you guys who already ordered, I want to tell you what to expect now.
Okay.
So now if they haven't ordered yet, I'm kind of excluding them.
Like if you haven't ordered, if you, if you're already, if you're already about, or if you just took, if you just started the order process, let me tell you what you're about to experience.
So they kind of, also they feel like they got left out.
And you're like, okay, so this is what's going to happen.
You get the members there.
The first thing you're going to see is this.
And then you're going to learn this.
And I'm going to show you this and all these kind of things.
And they feel like they missed out.
They haven't started signing up and they're like, oh man, I need to get in.
Okay.
And the people who have started the process are like, oh cool, this is the coolest stuff I'm getting.
Okay.
So I like to speak to the people who are already ordering the product.
Okay.
This is what's happening.
All of a sudden they're like, oh man, I need in.
Okay.
And then from there, I switched over to the takeaway.
Okay.
They come back.
I just talked about everything that's happening and they come back and I had all these people behind me like, hey guys, this is, this is the deal.
You're still sitting here.
You're still on the fence trying to wonder what to do.
And this, my, my favorite takeaway pitch.
I use it in like half my sales letters.
I learned it from Johan Mock, but he goes, he goes, look guys, this, this whole process is not about, about me making any money off you.
Okay.
I don't care if you buy this thing or not.
It does not matter to me at all.
Okay.
Whether you buy this or not, I am going to be making a ton of money.
I'm going to be eating steak and sushi.
You live in the dream life, doing whatever I want.
It doesn't even matter.
It's not about me.
Okay.
But tomorrow, if you don't buy this, you're still going to be broke.
If you don't buy this tomorrow, you're still going to be fat.
I got a six pack.
I feel healthy.
I feel great.
It doesn't even matter to me.
This is about you.
Okay.
And I got to warn you this is not going to be here forever because I'm helping people right now, but I got a lot of stuff I got to do.
So this is here now.
It's on the table.
It's going to be gone soon.
That's my takeaway selling my warning.
Okay.
And then I closed the reminder.
I just want to remind you guys that when you sign up today, you're going to get access to blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, so click on the button now to get started and I'll see you on the next page.
Very cool.
So this is a tool you guys, I hope you can use a lot.
Um, literally, I would recommend keeping this book on your desk all the time.
When we sit down to write a sales message, really just open it up.
Just be like, okay.
Boom.
What's my pattern interrupt going to be?
All right.
What's my core desires?
Boom, boom, boom, boom.
What, how am I going to say past failures?
Boom.
What's my big problem?
What's my one thing?
What's the big problem?
It's boom.
Can I introduce myself?
And you go through, boom.
And just keep going through.
And literally, like this is the script I follow, guys.
Um, I've been spending my head for it, but now it's kind of out on paper.
And I went from taking on average a week to two weeks for my entire sales letter.
It's now I can usually do it in two or three hours.
Um, and now having, this is, like, and we just created this last week.
Now I have this, I think I can just be able to process even more because it's, it was me every time trying to remember, like, what's the next logical step?
Okay.
Now I'm going to start casting stones at people.
I was doing this, but now that, again, for me, enough notes, this tool is awesome for me.
I think it's something that'll help you guys crank out copy really, really.