Mission #3
The Who
noT 	The 	hoW
Pre-Training
***
***
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 1 of 6 --

Mission #3
The Who 	not The 	how
Are you ready for the most intense 30 days of marketing you’ve ever done?!
Consider these pre-training missions your warm-up.
Remember, the #1 thing that determines how well you’ll do in this
challenge? BELIEF. You must believe that you CAN do this. Without belief,
failure is inescapable.
Checklist for Today:
 Watch Russell’s video of the day
 Fill out the worksheet below to help you implement the Mission
 Go to the One Funnel Away (OFA) community and comment on today’s
mission thread when you’re done with the word - #MISSIONCOMPLETE
The Who not The how
What are the things you don’t know how to do (check off the ones that
befuddle you):
One Funnel Away: Pre-Training
Mission #3: The Who Not The How - 1
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 2 of 6 --

I CAN DO THIS...
 Writing Sales Copy
 Writing Emails
 Logo Design
 Graphic Design (i.e. ecovers)
 Worksheet Creation
 Editing Video
 Running Facebook Ads
 Social Media
I HAVE NO IDEA HOW TO DO THIS...
 Writing Sales Copy
 Writing Emails
 Logo Design
 Graphic Design (i.e. ecovers)
 Worksheet Creation
 Editing Video
 Running Facebook Ads
 Social Media
You’ll notice funnel design is not listed. That’s because the goal of this
challenge is to make it as EASY as possible for you to get your funnel up.
Literally...a few button clicks.
However some of the assets that go IN the funnel (like logos, graphics, copy)
these are the things that cause procrastination.
You try to focus on the how, rather than the who.
opportunity Cost
Def. The benefit or value of something that must be given up in order to
achieve something else.
What’s the value of my time? (write down your current hourly rate)
$
Mission #3: The Who Not The How - 2
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 3 of 6 --

This is the “cost” of what it would take for ME to make/write:
A Logo
(average 10hrs.)
A Product Mockup Shot
(average 4hrs.)
An eCover
(average 10hrs.)
Sales Page Copy
(average 15hrs.)
Edit Production Video
(average 15hrs.)
Mail Copy
(average 2hrs.)
Worksheets
(average 2hrs.)
Run Social Media
(average 10hrs.)
Run Ads
(average 10hrs.)
Mission #3: The Who Not The How - 3
10 hrs.
4 hrs.
10 hrs.
15 hrs.
15 hrs.
2 hrs.
2 hrs.
10 hrs.
10 hrs.
Average Time Cost To Pay You
(if you were to do it) Time Lost
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 4 of 6 --

Funnel Rolodex
Go to Funnel Rolodex, and bookmark the “Who’s” that have designs and/or
offers you’re interested in. Keep them bookmarked so you have a resource
when it’s time to get the pieces and parts of the funnel done.
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
Mission #3: The Who Not The How - 4
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 5 of 6 --

This newsletter is for research purposes only. All of the webpages and advertising is copyrighted by
the original owners. You may borrow the ‘ideas’ in these ads and pages, but you may NOT use any of the
actual advertising copy or designs.
You do not have resell rights or giveaway rights to any portion of this Publication. Only customers
that have purchased this publication are authorized to view it. This publication contains material
protected under International and Federal Copyright Laws and Treaties. No part of this publication may
be transmitted or reproduced in any way without the prior written permission of the author. Violations
of this copyright will be enforced to the full extent of the law.
The information services and resources provided in this book are based upon the current internet
marketing environment. The techniques presented have been extraordinarily lucrative and rewarding.
Because the internet is constantly changing, the sites and services presented in this book may change,
cease or expand with time. We hope that the skills and knowledge acquired from this course will
provide you with the ability to adapt to inevitable internet evolution. However, we cannot be held
responsible for changes that may affect the applicability of these techniques.
Any earnings, income statements or other results, are based on our own testing and are only
estimates of what we think you could earn. There is no assurance you will do as well as stated in any
examples. If you rely upon any figures provided, you must accept the entire risk of not doing as well as
the information provided.
Screenshots in this book are from publicly accessible field archives. All product names, logos and
artwork are copyrights of their respective owners. None of the owners have sponsored or endorsed this
publication. While all attempts have been made to verify information provided, the author assumes
no responsibility for errors, omissions, or contrary interpretation on the subject matter herein. Any
perceived slights of peoples or organizations are unintentional. The purchaser or reader of this
publication assumes responsibility for the use of these materials and information. No guarantees of
income are made. The author reserves the right to make changes and assumes no responsibility or
liability whatsoever on behalf of any purchaser or reader of these materials.
Legal Disclaimer And
Terms Of Use
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 6 of 6 --

