Well, I'm very excited to introduce our next speaker for a bunch of different reasons. I've talked about him throughout the week a little bit. You guys know that what he's bringing to the table is something that can really help dramatically increase the traffic you're bringing to your website. So I want to introduce you to his name is Fred Katona and Fred is the CEO of an advertising agency called Bulldozer Digital. He's credited actually as being the father of the direct response radio industry, which is kind of a cool thing. Now one thing or two things you guys will learn about on this presentation. Fred he demonstrated the power of radio advertising by launching two startup companies and taking them from beginners all up to billion dollar companies. So you hear the two companies, one was Priceline.com, one was FreeCreditReport.com. Okay, he worked with William Shatner on the Priceline one, which was pretty cool as well. Now using just radio advertising, Fred actually holds the record for generating the largest traffic rate that translates into the most revenue for any company advertising and radio in the history of this planet. That sound pretty cool? Yeah. Awesome. So this presentation today is called the billion dollar secret. The secret I used to take Priceline.com and FreeCreditReport.com from startups to billions you can use for your business today. So ladies and gentlemen, let's stand up and put our hands together for the most famous marker you've never heard of, Fred Katona. They're laughing at us. They're laughing at you. They're laughing at me. They're laughing at us. You know why? Because they're entrepreneurs. Because you're here Saturday afternoon in this room, no windows. Everybody else is swimming. And you're here. And the definition of an entrepreneur as a person is a business person that takes a risk. And that's who you are. So they're not laughing at you, ha ha, like Frank Sinatra said. But your friends and your family, perhaps even your significant other, might be laughing in some way, shape or form. Now today, I'm so happy to be here because you're going to have the last laugh. I only have one goal being here, and that's to make you rich. That's it. Go Fred. That's it, man. Who said that? I did. All right. You know what these are? These are from Philadelphia. They're called tasty cakes. They're made from real butter and milk and cream. All right. So in Philly, the fights break out over these. And what I do is I heed them at people as rewards. Who said that? Who said that? See? You're the man, Fred. You're the man. All right. Time out. Time out. Control this group. Control this group. I don't know what I'm supposed to do. This is not a presentation so much as it is a conversation that I'm going to have with you. I'm going to tell you some stories that will alter your business life for all time. I'm going to relate some things to you that very few people know about, have ever heard about, and we're going to have an interesting good time. Several things will transform how you think about business in general, totally. At the end, I'm going to make you an offer that will be written up on all the blogs next week. What are you smiling at, Christina? Okay. It's just like that. I'm going to make you an offer at the end that nobody has ever made before in this industry. And I'm going to torture you a little bit. I'm going to torture and torment you a little bit, but you're going to be mystified when I'm done with you. All right. What are we going to talk about? That guy on my left, your left, is Jay Walker. He's the founder of priceline.com. And the reason I could say I'm the world's greatest advertiser, direct response, radio marketer is because he said it. And if he said it, it must be true, right? Because I made him a multi-billionaire. Not a millionaire, not a multi-millionaire, but a multi-billionaire. I made him the 42nd wealthiest man in America. Okay? So he hugs me when he sees me. Nicest guy, very generous. I'm going to get into some stories about that later. And when I tell you some stories about Jay, the reason I'm doing it is to transform your mind. I want to take your mind from where it is right now to a place that you don't even know exists. I want to take you there. Lots of people say nice things about me. You know, Ryan Dice, great guy. Mike from GKIC. But my humble beginnings. I was a school teacher. And I was a good school teacher. Matter of fact, I was teacher of the year for the school. And the reason I got from school teaching into advertising is I said to my wife one day, I said, you don't think our children are smart enough to go to college, do you? And she said, no. But they're going to want to go anyway because of the beer and the parties. I said, well then, I better get another job, honey, because at that time I was making like $17,500. I was a wrestling coach. And the reason I bring that up is because Russell is a wrestler. And he kicked my ass right outside that door last night, I don't know if anybody saw it. Who was there? Who saw that? Yeah, it was a little embarrassing. But that was only the first period. We never got into the second and third period, so I may have come back. I may have come back. Almost. Anyway, so I wanted to be an entrepreneur. I like the name, like the way it sounded. Sounded cool. Like taking chances. So to solve my dilemma of sending my children to college, I came up with this great idea to open a Hogy shop. Anybody from Philadelphia here? All right. Everybody has a Hogy shop in Philadelphia. You're not going to make a tuition by opening a Hogy shop? So I opened a Hogy shop. So while I was opening this Hogy shop, there was a course being run at that time, the Spectrum in Philadelphia. And one of the guys was there that promoted the Beatles. So I happened to go in there and he says, I'm going to tell you how to promote anything. I don't care if you're selling shoes. And one guy says, I do sell shoes. He says, well, I'll teach you how to promote that. He says, what do you sell? I said, Hogy's. What the hell's a Hogy? I said, well, it's a sandwich. You know, he said, OK, I'll teach you how to do that. Any rate, I went back and I started. I read everything about promotions and so forth. And it was so much fun. What I did was I created the world's first direct response overnight Hogy business, where I packaged them up in Federal Express and mailed them to all over the United States. And then all over the world, I have maps up and I would put pins where we sent the Hogies. It was great. It was great. It was like a big mail order company, but a Hogy shop. We sent tasty cakes, Hogy's, cheese steaks, soft pretzels, Goldenberg's, peanut chews, Scrapple. Anybody know what Scrapple is? It's horrible, but it tastes great. It's all parts of the pig mashed up and you had never mind. Anyway, so one guy comes in and he says, one of my friends, you know, he always had these guys that hang out in your store. You know, they're like goofy, you know, because they have no place else to go. So they hang out in your store. So they say, hey, Fred, where's the father she ever sent a Hogy? I says, Australia. And one of the guys says, well, why don't you send one to the moon? So I remember I was sitting on a stool like this and I says, the moon, so there's like a white phone here because we used to use that phone to take out orders. So I take the phone and I go, can I have NASA, please? Yes. Yes. Yes. So I'd be connected to the people in charge of the food program for the astronauts. My friends are standing around. What are you doing, man? Yes. Yes. Yes. Hello. Yes. My name is Fred Couton. I specialize in travel sandwiches. I was wondering if there's something, you know, that we could do for the astronauts. You're looking for a travel sandwich for the astronauts. Is that true? Yes. My God. I said, yeah, could you send me the specifications? Yeah. So they sent me the specifications to create a sandwich for space. So I hired Weidner University and they did a project on creating a thermostable sandwich that can travel with the astronauts in the space. And I got, I don't know, millions of dollars of free advertising from that thing. And there I am with hair on this. You can't see it too good, but I have hair on that one. But there I am. And I used to send all these Philadelphia things all over the place. Now, a radio station calls me up. This is the essence and this is where things go like this. A radio station calls me up and say, really, a cute idea. Can we interview you? And I said, sure. Went in, took the interview, and people called my Hogy shop to order Hogy's. And I said, that's pretty cool. Went on radio and just gave an interview and people called. So then a space shuttle went up or a rocket went up or something. They called me again because they always try to tie in something that relates to what's topical. So again, the guy on the radio said, listen, what if we give away your Hogy packages as gifts? You know, I said, OK. And in return, we'll mention your phone number. Sounds good. More orders came in. So then the sales guy at the radio station said, listen, here's the deal. Why don't we do a commercial, a 60-second radio commercial, and we'll sell those damn things. And I said, why don't you money? No school teacher. You know, I'm getting all this publicity. I don't have any money. He said, we'll split the profits. I said, OK. You know, OK, I'll do that. So they ran these commercials on the radio and we split the profits. So that was one radio station. How many radio stations are there in the United States of America, do you think? Who said 7,000? Anybody higher than 7,000? What do you say? 20,000. 20,000. What's between that and that? Who said 10? 10,000 radio stations. So anyway, I start making this deal and I end up on, I think, two or three or four thousand radio stations with this deal. Now I'm teaching school for $17,500. I'm doing $900,000 in mail order hoagies. I end up in the Wall Street Journal. Friend of mine owns a brokerage company called me, how the hell did you get in the Wall Street Journal? Jesus Christ, I'm trying to get in there for years. You're selling hoagies and you get in the Wall Street Journal? I said, well, sell hoagies. Don't trade. So now I'm getting the show business. I'm really getting cocky. I love this and so forth. So people think, so I'm getting all this publicity. I end up in Entrepreneur Magazine and I win all these awards. And people think I'm in show business or I'm in, like I own an advertising agency. So I said, yes, I own an advertising agency and yes, I can help you get on the radio too. Well, at that point, no one did direct response on the radio. As a matter of fact, there's people in this room by show of hands, how many have ever heard the term direct response radio? How many have not heard that term? You see what I mean? So most people, nobody was doing direct response, right? So I kind of invented it. I didn't know what I should be selling, how I should be selling it, what my price points should be, and I'm going to tell you all that stuff, how to do it. But here I was, I had an agency. I had an advertising agency that specialized in radio. So everybody was laughing at me. First of all, you're a school teacher and you have an advertising agency and the advertising agency only does radio. You know, what are you, crazy? I said, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know if I'm crazy or not. So these are some of the people that I sign for radio deals right here. So I had to learn how to sign celebrities. This package that I want to make you buy at the end of this deal has this in it. Has this in it. This is a contract that I did for one of those people up there. I've redacted the name out of here so you don't know who it's for. But this took me six months and cost me $10,000. So it's part of the package I'm going to give you all. So what you would do, notice I didn't give you a disc. I gave this in hard copy. So you don't do your own deals. You give this to your lawyer and you say, use this as a blueprint to do the deal. It'll save you many, many thousands of dollars. You don't do these deals yourself. And I say that on the first page. But anyway, so I sign all these celebrities and I'm having a great time. And you see how I am. I'm like this all the time. The way I'm talking to you right now, I never change. I don't take myself. I take your business seriously, but I rarely, if ever, take myself seriously. I just don't. I got it from my father. My father says you came in nude. You're going to go out nude. Nothing's going to happen. Nothing's going to happen. My father was the strangest person you will ever meet. I love him dearly. Matter of fact, I'm going to create a slide. I told my brother today, my father preached under achievement. Under achievement. Sees are good enough. My brother is the number one voice coach in the world. He lives in Hollywood. And my father always said, it's too much work. It's too much work. Too much work. Every time I would do something great, dad, you know, I'm in a Wall Street job. You don't want to do that. People learn it. It's too much pressure. Don't do that, please. So my three brothers are all accomplished. And I said, do you think the old man really meant that? My father passed away a couple of years ago at 89. He lived with me for two years, which is a blessing. I really, oh god, what a character. Anyway, I said to my brothers, do you really think he meant that? Or do you think he was playing the reverse psychology deal? We don't know. We don't know the deal. Anyway, I'm sitting in my office one time. My direct response, radio company, was marginally successful. I'm selling things like Suzanne's summer thai master. I don't know what the hell I'm doing. Anyway, sometimes we would get paid and other times we wouldn't get paid. You know, it was one of those deals. So I get a call one day from a friend of a friend. The way it always is, by the way, everything in life is a friend of a friend calling you up and saying, hey, I got a deal for you. What do you think about this? And he says, listen, I got this guy. He has this thing on the computer. He said, and he wants to talk to you about doing radio advertising. I said, why you call me? He says, because you're the only moron that does radio advertising. I said, OK. So I went to meet with him, and his name was Jay Walker. And that was that picture I showed you before. And he says, I'm going to tell you some stories that are going to play around. Anyway, I meet Jay, and Jay says, it's like the kind of, I don't know how many people I've spoken to here at this conference, but it was nothing more than that type of conversation where I'm saying, what do you sell? And they say, well, I sell this. Where's Phillip? Where's Phillip? I told him I had a pick on him. Where is he? He said, areas. He's out there. I told him I'd pick. But I said, what do you sell? And they tell me what I sell. So I said, he says, airline seats, airline tickets. He said, what do you think? I said, sounds good to me. Every time I fly there's empty airline seats. He said, I'm going to sell it at the last minute. In front of him, I see a check made out to my company. I could read upside down because I'm a school teacher. So I said, I've got to close this deal. I went that check. So here's how I close the deal. This is the line to close the deal. I said, what's the name of your company? He says, priceline.com. I says, what's.com mean? So you know how early it was, right? Don't worry about that. It has to do with the internet. And I mean, it has to do with the computer. You know that type of thing. I said, OK. He said, so will you do it? Are you kidding? Yeah, I'll do it. Yeah. He said, all right. He says, here's all the money I have. All the money I could borrow, beg, borrow, and steal. This is it. He said, spend it as if it's your own. So I said, I'll test it. He goes, spend it as fast as you can. Now the story starts taking some nifty turns. So I said, OK. So I take the check calmly, put it in my pocket, and I start walking out. I said, OK, Jay, I'll report back to you. He goes, but one other thing, get me a celebrity. So Mr. Shatner was in between jobs, and we didn't have any money. Perfect match. Perfect. So we got him for 90,000 shares of price line. So 90,000 shares of a company that doesn't know what he knows what it does, you know, know what he knows what the word dot com means, and a little bit of cash, a little bit of cash. I should report that since then, price line has paid him $600 million. So I take this amount of money. I take this amount of money, I go back, and I do my radio buy. And in 14 days, this is what happens. Now there's a reason I started telling you school teacher stuff. There was a reason I mentioned that I got paid $17,500. There was a reason for that. Because in this presentation, the rest of the numbers are mind-numbing. That's why. They're hard to believe. They're unfathomable. That's why I had to start you with something that you would understand and we understand. 2.2 million responses. That's the wrong thing. That's not a response. It's a request for an airline ticket. It's not a response. It's a request. In order for a request, you've got to put in your credit card information. Your phone number would do whatever the hell else they collect. So basically in 14 days, he had a list of 2.2 million people that wanted to travel. Revenue in 18 months, $1 billion. Just to put that in perspective, no one's ever done it ever. Ever in history. No one's ever did a start up to 18 months later and done a billion dollars in sales. No one. Not today, not then, not ever. This is the record. All radio. One week, we sold $50 million in airline tickets. Valuation of the company, $20 billion. More than all the airlines put together, by the way. Jay is now the 42nd wealthiest man in America. And it created the second most recognized e-commerce brand in the world right behind Amazon, Just Radio. So all this sounds pretty cool and I know you would like to open up your computer every day and see 15,000 requests for your product or service. And it goes on forever. You would like that. You would like that, right? Yeah. Okay, now I'm going to give you an entrepreneurial moment. And I want you to never forget it. And I want you to use it and I want it in your brain because this is why I'm here today. I'm here. What was my goal? To make you rich, right? Who said that? I did. Okay. There's two there. You can share the person to your right. Okay. Do you think there's a, on the radio commercial, it's a call, 1-800-Price Line dot com or go to Price Line dot, or no. Call 1-800-Price Line or go to Price Line dot com. Does anybody hear aware of any phone rooms that can take two million phone calls? I'm just curious. I mean, it's like everybody in India has a cell phone and they're taking, I mean, what's, phones went out like that. You think the server was really ready to provide that information? No server. No phones, no servers. Here's our entrepreneurial moment. Jay, it's Fred. Hey, Fred, man, what's going on? What do you mean what's going on? We have no phones, we have no server. What do you want me to do? I have more advertising ready to run. He goes, ha, that's nothing. I said, what do you mean? He says, we don't have any airline tickets either. I said, what? He goes, how much, how much are you about to spend? I told him. Here it is, guys. Ready? Here it is. Double it. That's your entrepreneurial moment. Once you get something rolling, don't let up, don't blink. Entrepreneurs don't blink. Pedal of the metal. He says, are we doing anything illegal? I said, nope. He said, then we will catch up. I said, okay. Okay. Now, here's why he was being so cavalier. If you ever do this, if your idea generates that response, this is only 60 second commercial kids. This is almost too easy to be. Do you understand? Everything you went through these last three days, very complicated, very hard. This is 160 words. It goes, it's done. You're done. You haven't done anything else. Any rate, I said, so where do we go from here? He said, well, we're just going to see how far it goes. I said, I don't understand something, Jay. He says, what? I said, when I write the call tag, the CTAs at the end of the commercial, it says, go to priceline.com. We lost the phones. Go to priceline.com. Name your own price for an airline ticket. Go to priceline.com. You take out the last one and you put in your own phrase. I don't get it. He says, what do you talk about? I said, you put in, I told you this was going to be big, really big. He goes, are you ready to come inside? I said, yeah, I'm spending all your money. You better bring me inside. He goes, we're going public. He says, that line is for Wall Street. That's not for selling tickets. He says, here are the four things we're doing. In your business, fellow entrepreneurs and marketers, make four things that you're doing. I want to give you his four things. He set me up real easy. He says, here's the first thing I want to do. I want to get Wall Street excited. He said, I want to get the headquarters of all the airlines excited. He says, I want to get the press excited and oh, by the way, I want to sell airline tickets. The fourth thing you wanted to do was sell airline tickets. You don't get rich selling widgets, kids. You get rich selling the company that sells the widgets. That's the point here. And that's what he was telling me. So here's what I did. I says, well, I'm glad you told me that. I says, because here's what I'm going to do. When I do a national buy, it goes everywhere in the United States. But then I did overlays, which means that I bought right around Wall Street. So it was physically, humanly impossible to go to work, from work, be in work, at work, any time, day or night, without turning on the radio and hearing William Shatner say, name your own price for an airline ticket. That's impossible with TV, by the way, but radio is cheap and you can do that. I did the same thing in every headquarters of every airlines. Airlines thought we were immense. They didn't know we just had some broken down computers and no phones, but they thought we were immense. The press is eating this stuff up like, woo, this is so cool. So the press is digging it. And price line goes public in 18 months, just 18 months. That's what's happening right now, by the way. You guys that keep up on this stuff. Dr. Shown, where's Dr. Shown? Dr. Shown back there. He has his own trading company and so forth. If you keep up with this, what's happening right now is companies are starting to go public, like LinkedIn went public, right? Now that entrepreneur walked away with 1.2 billion. Jay, 10 billion. All right? Just to give the comparison, 10 times greater. So you may not be satisfied with the amount of business you're getting. You think and want to learn better ways to grow your business. This is a very simple thing. I don't mean to disappoint you. And I mean that because here's what we entrepreneurs do. We try to put obstacles in front of ourselves in order to delay the inevitable no. And we create all these scenarios that are very complicated, very complex. We get in our own way instead of going for it. Radio creates direct response radio from here's your customer, here's your sale, do your commercial, there's your sale. You're on on Monday, you get sales Wednesday, and you continue running. It's that simple. Sorry. Too easy. You think it has the potential to be big, but you're not sure how to get it there. You want to strive for it. I want to go through. There's enough slides on this for a weekend. My staff, when I go someplace, you wouldn't believe what my staff go, I mean they're wonderful. But they have me over prepared, do this, do that, do that. I says, please. So anyway, some of these things I'm just going to go through because there's some really important key things that I have to get to you because I want you to leave here super prepared. You look for a quality product and we vet all that stuff and so forth. And then we want it to be mass marketable where we want to create a message that creates it mass marketable. I'm going to teach you how to do that in a second. I don't know how to test market demand. In radio, see here's the deal, here's what we're doing in radio. We work with the biggest companies in the United States of America. The biggest companies. And we work with the smallest entrepreneurs with good ideas. Same system. I never change it. I always start small, like in Philadelphia, I do a small local test. And if I have the message, then I do a small national test. If I do that, I call you up. If the small national test works, I call you up on the phone. I say, hey, Bill. Yeah, it's Fred. Hey, don't lay. Hey, Fred, what's going on? Hey, I just tested the small national thing. Oh, yeah, man, have that work. You're rich. And I hang up. Then they call me. Tell me what's going on. Because once you create that message, once you create that little nap in 48 hours across the whole United States of America, and it will work. So that's how simple it is. And oh, let me see. Let me see here. There's some of my clients. Don't worry about that stuff. It's about radio. What you actually hear me say all the time is, what's your message? And I just wrote an article. It's how to write a 60-second commercial in only 30 days. Because that's how long it takes to write it. You write it. You tweak it. There's 15 parts. So I'm going to give you all 15 parts today so you can write your own. I'm going to give you my million-dollar formula. Not because it'll make you a million. Of course, me a million to figure it out. So I'm going to give you that formula. But it's about the message. So let me see. I'm looking for somebody here. You volunteer? Not for this one. You'll see why. You'll see why in a second. Grant, you'll see why in a second. How about this pretty red-headed woman right here? What's your name? Chrissy. Chrissy, come on up here for a second. You'll see why. So Chrissy, I have a question for you. Do we know each other? No. No alimony or anything back and forth. Would you give me a kiss? I want to kiss your friend. Oh, God. Of course you will. Yes or no? No. He's not telling you. I'm not done with you. I'm not done with you. All right. Now, I'll give you a dollar. What? What? What? What? No? I'm a lot easier. They're not on my diet. So it's a no. All right. How about the dollar, the tasty cake, and my thing? What do you think now? What do you guys think? Cheers. Hold out the board. Thanks for the offer, Grant. Anyway, what I was trying to prove here is this. I had to find the right message to get Chrissy to kiss me. Right? So I had to keep changing it up a little bit. I came to the tasty cake and she really gave me a, she really threw, she said, that's not on my diet. You know, everybody here would kill for that tasty cake. It's not on her diet. Wrong message, right? But notice what I did. I was persistent and I kept on changing it. And I got what I wanted. I got my kiss, right? Now, last time we did that, somebody said, you might want to wipe that lipstick off before you go home. So with you, all it is is the story and the message. And I want to teach you about how to do that today. You got, I'm going to give you two examples. These are perfect, wonderful, magnificent examples. For price line, we didn't say you were going to get the, we were the cheapest, where we were the best, or we were amazing. We didn't even say you're going to get your ticket. Which you did in the first lot of times. We just said, name your own price for an airline ticket. That was my message. Name your own price for an airline ticket. 2.2 million people came in to do that. We had, we built a list in 14 days of 2.2 million people. And to this very day, if you've used price line, you constantly get messages from price line. You want to go to London, you want to go to Hawaii, you know, wherever you were going, they knew who you are. They knew where you were going. What a magnificent model. Anyway, that is the secret to finding the message. And as soon as you find the message, you got it. So now, everybody says Katona got lucky with price line. What a unique offer. What a unique concept. What a unique model. He got lucky and they're laughing again. Six months later, did the exact same thing with free credit with freecreditreport.com. Exact same thing. 100% rate, 95% radio, 5% print. Same thing I did with price line. 95% radio, 5% print. Today, free credit reports a billion-dollar enterprise as well. But something different with free credit report that goes to, I feel like you're my brothers and sisters, you're entrepreneurs. That's why I'm telling you these stories. I tested free credit report four times and it didn't work. And I thought all four times are pretty strong messages. Get a free credit report. Who the hell wouldn't want to do that? I mean, what's wrong with that message? Get a free credit report. It's good for your financial future. Get a free credit report. It'll help you buy your next house. Whatever it was, all four failed. So my company says, we're not doing that anymore. The people at free credit report say, we're done. We're done. I go, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. I said, it's a cool offer. I said, let me try it again. No, I'm going to go try it again. Well, so I took my own money and I did the next set of commercial, the next commercial myself. And here's the message I used. And this is the one at work. And then I want to ask you if you can see any similarities between the two that work. And then you're going to use that in your headlines. You're going to use it in your radio commercial. You're going to use it in everything you do. This is part of developing your secret sauce. OK, so here it is. Run a free credit report on yourself. Run a free, boom, it rocketed. It rocketed through the roof. It went crazy. Run a free credit report on yourself. Priceline, name your own price for an airline ticket. Does anyone see a similarity between those two messages? You're in control. Empowerment. Somebody said you're in control. Empowerment. So your message, particularly in today's world, people are a little bit distrustful. They're a little bit cold with the doing so forth. If you could bring them aboard and respect their intelligence, you're cool. That's a great idea. Do that. So that little message that you come up with, and it's seven words or eight words, that's all it is because that's all people listen to anyway, even though you think you're brilliant and they'll listen to everything you're writing, they're not. They're listening to, say, 15%, 15 minutes, whatever the hell it is. So what you're listening to, that's what you have to develop. An empowering message is your message. So you're going to, but we're going to really dig deep into that. Nobody listens to radio, and it doesn't work. And half this room never even heard of direct response radio. So you are in a unique situation. Everybody's not in it. The rates are still low. This is something that maybe you should focus on. By the way, I wanted to mention this. Did you notice that Jay Walker didn't do TV? He didn't do print, well, just a tiny little bit, and that was just announcements that we would make. He didn't do online advertising. He only did radio. Do you know why? Take all your assets, put them in one focused way, and you break through. After you break through, you can do anything you want to. But if you go to an advertising agency, the last thing you're going to sell you is radio. Here's the way users are going to save you. And if you come to our offices someday in Philadelphia, and you're all invited, as a matter of fact, if you're ever in Philadelphia, you need a place to meet business people. We have seven, six conference rooms that you can use anytime free of charge, as my guess, because we are entrepreneurs. If you ever need a recording studio, we have our own recording studios. So use them. Okay? They're yours. We're brothers and sisters in this. Call ahead. Okay, so I forget what I was going to say. I forget what I was going to say. At any rate, it works. It's huge. It's big. It's mass. And that's why we use it, because we can get to the most amount of people, the fastest, in the least expensive way. Now, a radio lead is worth a lot more money than an internet lead, because look at all you have to go through. If you're in your car, you have to wait until you get to your office before you either call or go onto your computer, where you have to pull over to the side of the road and put it into your mobile. So if you put a person through all that, they're pretty qualified by the time they reach you, right? As a matter of fact, they're about 100 times more qualified than an internet lead. So you might be paying $16.66, which is the average for a mass marketable product, for a lead, but that lead is probably going to turn into a high percentage of conversion. And that's what you're after. I'm going to go through those metrics with you later. I'm going to give you, I built a tool called the Radio Profit Analyzer. And I put in the metrics, and at the end, it shows you your profit. And it's really cool about it. It puts in your upsells and all types of stuff, and it makes it realistic. It gives you something to shoot for. And it tells us if we're interested in working with you, and it tells you if you have a realistic business plan. All these people got famous on radio. You know them, right? Who put that in? I'm not going to go over that. All right. Do you know what CPM means? Cost per thousand? This is how much it costs to reach a thousand listeners or people. So they don't even have internet in here, but you see radios down there at $4.54 to reach a thousand people. We're about the way Bulldozer Digital does it, our company. We're about a two bucks. We reach about a thousand people for two dollars. So we're pretty efficient. That's what I just went through, Apples and Orange's Leads. This is what I've been saying. You need to find the story and the message. If you do, okay, that's it. Game over, done. And it's easy. And I know you don't believe that. Nothing's easy, right? Nothing. You're right. Nothing's easy. There's always problems. It took me 17 years to put all this together, and I call it digital convergence marking. It's the fusion of radio and online, and I'll show you how I did it. I'll show you how I did it, and you'll be able to relate it very nicely to everything you've heard here this afternoon. Starts off with an idea. You know these ideas. You need a trust agent. That's a person that is on the radio commercial, that voices your commercial, that has some authority on what you're selling. So because Suzanne Summers had nice thighs, she'd be a good trust agent for the thigh master, right? But I've used a lot of celebrities, but maybe you don't have to use a celebrity. Maybe if you're selling a cosmetic product, maybe if you could use your record, or maybe you could use a doctor, you know, to pitch it, that's credible enough. I'm going to give you a strategy. Maybe I should give it to you right now. I want to give you a trust agent strategy that's so powerful that you're going to use it and put a picture of me in your living room and say, that's the guy that made it happen for us. Okay, here it is. It's called a double trust agent with backstory. Double trust agent with backstory. You'll never hear this from anybody else, because I made it up. Okay? No one here other than me. I don't know. Does anybody remember American Bandstand? Okay. On American Bandstand, there used to be these couples, Justine and Bob, they used to dance together all the time. They would say, are they a couple? Do they date outside of the dancing studio? Do they like each other? It got so big that they created like a fan club for Justine and Bob. So that was the beginning of social networking. That was the beginning of following somebody socially. So here's my trick. And I'm about to use it for somebody huge, big. You'll hear it. You'll hear it. I bet they carried on to TV. I'm going to do it on radio, but I bet they carried on to their TV campaign as well. You get a trust agent, and I'm going to make this up. I'm going to say it is for a diet program. Okay? And you get a young doctor that's handsome as hell, and you get his assistant, nutritionist, you know, Sally and Dr. Bill. And they do the radio commercial. And the radio commercial said, get our free report on how to lose weight overnight with our pill. And you go to the URL, you get your free report, and when you go to the website, there is Dr. Bob and Sally. What a nice-looking couple. Do they date? Do they like each other? Oh, they would be so nice together. Wow. And they start inviting people to follow them in their social circle, which is Twitter and Facebook, basically. All right. So now, for the same dollar you spent on radio, right, they're on... Your message is now on their computer, on their mobile, and in their social network. Because you can do that all automatically, can't you, with Infusionsoft? You can set up emails going out to them with videos. You can send them hints, tips, and techniques on how to diet. So you're trying to create engagement. And everybody says, well, you're in radio. I said, well, you know, maybe I'm kind of in radio, but I think it's radio with a long digital tail. I think that's more or less what it is. You know, and all these automatic webinars and seminars that you've built work perfectly. Because if they're not convinced initially when they call up or go on, you know, and you put them into a webinar sequence, and that convinces them, say they're not still convinced, then you send out your sequence of emails. They're still not convinced. And then they're in your social network, and they're learning to know, like, and trust you. Eventually, they become buyers. So this is how you create... The radio will create the mass of traffic for you. And then your digital tail, your web and your social media will do the conversion for you. Now you've got a machine. And you haven't done that. I mean, it's all automated. This is stuff that these very brilliant people have talked about today. By the way, I want to thank Russell and Dustin and Dave for having me here. Greatest guys. Can you give them a hand? Greatest guys. I mean, as I was sitting back there listening to everybody they put together and listening to them, I was saying to myself, it's so great, these words of wisdom that people have. You know, I hope everybody really is picking up on it, because there are some things here that could change our financial lives forever, you know. And that's why we're here on Saturday afternoon, that's why you're crazy, that's why you're entrepreneurs, and that's why I love you all. All right, let's see where we are on this. So we always have a free offer on our radio commercials, and I'm going to teach you how to write a radio commercial right now, okay? This is the radio report card that we send to new clients, and we ask them to initially fill it out. And I'm going to go through this one by one. This is the million- this is the million-dollar formula. And since I'm a schoolteacher, you know, I give it points. So you notice, you see the 20 up there? I know you can't read the small print, that's okay. But where it says 20, that's your grabber, that's the name your own price for an airline ticket, that's running free credit report on yourself. That's why it's 20 points. That's your heavy duty. If they don't get it there, they're not going to even listen to the rest. You get that, right? It doesn't matter. So you have to spend a heck of a lot of time on that first thing. So I'm out of here Sunday or Monday. Richard Nash, where are you? Richard Nash over here from Get Motivated Seminars. You know that big seminar company? There's a man right there with his lovely wife, Dee, all right? Red shirt right there, kind of, you know, buying a drink or something like that. That guy can make you rich fast, all right? He's here evaluating me to see if I'm good enough for it. I was only kidding. I was only kidding. Any rate, I forget what I'm saying. Oh, so I'm back Monday and Tuesday in my studio is chicken soup for the soul. Jack Canfield, how many have ever heard of Jack? All right, so my team, my five writers, have been writing stuff like for, I don't know, two weeks. They've been writing spots for two weeks. And I reviewed them today, you know? And I'm not sure we still have it. I don't know. But that's okay because I can test it small and I can find it. So I'm not panicky. I'm not going to spend a half million dollars to find the damn message. You know, I'll probably spend 3,000, maybe even 1,500. I could find that message. So I'm not panicky. I can get in there with the writers who are a little very clever people. You know, they drink a lot, I must say. But that would, you know, they're very special people. So anyway, let's go through this and see if we can, I want to give you examples and so forth. All right, here's the first step. It's called the grabber. It stops you in your tracks. That is the most powerful statement in your commercial. It could be your free offer, by the way. Or it could be, hi, this is Paula Abdul. That's enough. People will stop to listen for the rest of your commercial. But you need something to stop them. All right, so I have lose weight while you sleep. Who the hell wouldn't want to do that? You know? So, number two, two questions. The second part, number two is two questions to pique interest and probe pain points. I said probe pain points. I didn't say scare the hell out of people. All right? Because when you scare people, it freezes them. They say, that's not me. I don't want to be involved in that. Don't tell me that. So, you never scare people. You concern them. So, here's what I said here. I said, wouldn't it be great if you could lose all the weight of trying and failing? So, I'm probing some pain because most people on diets, me included, have failed several million times. Have you? Have you? How many people have ever been on a diet? God, I love that marketplace. We always keep going back. So, this is a pill that you could take at night and lose weight while you sleep. All right? So, that way you shoot in some credibility. This is the next step. Number three is credibility. Right? So, I'm Dr. Jim Smith from the Mayo Clinic announcing the world's first nighttime diet pill, proven and tested. The secret is, we spend one third of our life sleeping. We use that time to rejuvenate your metabolism. So, if I were selling this nighttime diet pill and I wasn't a doctor or some credible person, why would you believe me? Right? So, you have to have credibility in there. The credibility could be quoting the Wall Street Journal or something like that. You know? It doesn't have to be a doctor. It depends on what you're selling. Every product is different. All right? So, now it's voiced by the trust agent. All right? And the reason I like doing this is because it's important to me that you respect the intelligence of the people who are listening to your radio commercial. This is what I'm all about. I'm all about being real. I call it reality radio. So, I want the person to introduce themselves. If you're selling it, you introduce yourself. You give your name. You stand behind it. If it's a good product, you should be given, you should give your name and you should stand behind it. So, my trust agent here is the doctor, the good doctor, says, my medical staff at the Mayo Clinic has been working on this breakthrough for over 15 years. This is a national introduction. All right? Unique selling proposition, big idea or promise. Now you can lose the weight you want while you sleep. Wow. Heavy people don't like to exercise. I'd love to lose weight while I slept. All right, so then I made this big promise, right? This big idea. Now I have to substantiate it with three. Count them three testimonials. Dr. Sean says, how am I going to get three testimonials in my commercial? I said, that's why I'm me and you, you, you. I said, I'll get them in there. Testimonials. I lost, I lost the pounds I needed and I feel great. What was my second testimonial? Approved by the FDA is what I was waiting for. I tried it, lost pounds and now I'm exercising too. Three, I love this problem solved, my whole family is on it. Now the reason, here's your testimonials. You use one female and two males by the way. You know why? Well, for most products. I shouldn't say that for all products. The reason you use male, males and females is women, who do you think women listen to, men or women? Women. Who said women? Women. Grant, you would not get a tasty cake for that answer. Men. Men, that's good. That's a peanut butter, that's a peanut butter one too. All right, so men listen to men or women. Women traditionally listen to men, except for Oprah. Everybody listen to Oprah. Women listen to Oprah. But that's the way it is. Now if it's a woman's product or something like that, it would be a little weird if the man was doing it. But keep that in mind that if you have a choice as a spokesperson, that's probably where you want to go to. All right, for instance on my GPS, I have a woman's voice because I'm so used to listening to what women are telling me to do. So it doesn't matter to me. It doesn't matter. Then, since people stop listening 20 seconds into a commercial, you use a controversial statement just to wake them up. Operations and diets can be dangerous to your health and may not work. Yeah. Then I give my free offer. Try it before you buy it. Get a 30-day supply free. Plus, we'll pay for shipping. What an offer. What an offer this is. If anybody does this offer, if anybody can find this pill, you come to me. I'll take care of you. Urgency. Scarcity and call to action. There's 11, 12, 13. There's 15 parts, but they were the testimonials. So the urgency is during this national introduction, we can only accept a limited number of free requests for the next 60 minutes. Scarcity. We have been granted strict permission to distribute 716 free units only. Call to action. Give contact information three times. Get your 30-day supply free. Free shipping. And you reiterate your free offer. What I was going to say about that. It was important. Anyway, no jingle, sound effects, or music. Now, if you are one of my clients, I know exactly how to satisfy you. You put in music, sound effects, and music. You say, man, that's cool. It doesn't work, kids. It doesn't work. Direct response. Tell the person what you want them to do in the clearest possible terms and when you want them to do it. Don't distract them away with sound effects, music, or jingles. Once you're rich, you can support that brand with jingles, dancing, and music. But not when you're breaking through. Okay? That's the difference. You say, well, price line has all that funny stuff. And Free Credit Report has all that funny stuff. They've already broken through. They're already rich. It doesn't matter. They're just supporting their brand. Okay? You're measuring stuff. You're the best marketers in the world. You measure everything. And that's why you have to stick to this. So if my client likes it, I'm probably, if they like it, it's probably a bad commercial. So that's, they call it the billion-dollar radio report card. They missed it. It's the million-dollar report card because that's how much it costs me to figure this out. That is your formula. All right. Remember I talked about self-empowerment. I gave you two examples. I want you to really think about that in everything that you write. Everything that you write. Respect your people. Empower them. Now my radio profit assurance analyzer. I think we're shortening it to radio profit analyzer. All right. You probably can't read that. But let me tell you how this works. It's kind of a glorified Excel spreadsheet. And I can do this because I've done this for a long, long time. So I know some of the metrics I need to plug in for you. All right. And other metrics you know. So between us, it's like the first thing I do when a client comes to me is something called discovery. And I'm trying to learn about your product and you. And if you're a nutcase, if I want to work with you at all. I only work with people I like. I only work with people I like. So anyway, the second part, the second thing that I do, where I have one of my staff do, is something called the profit analyzer. And on this profit analyzer, we ask you how much you're selling your product for. And up here, I say $200. I'm going to give you a very important metric at the end of this. And then I'm going to ask you for the metric. And whoever answers that metric gets a, you'll see. All right. So I say it costs $200. You're marking, you know, it's a, the cost of the product is $20. So you marked it up 10 times. Okay. I want that. Returns are 5%. So I factored that in credit card charge 3%. Factored that in royalties that you're paying out to whomever, you know, your, your trust agent or your celebrity, whoever that is. 5% 10 bucks. All right. I do have other categories in here if you're using a phone center, but let's say for this example, you're not. And then I have expenses down here. Now this is something you don't know that I'm telling you. So this is probably a writer downer because you're, I mean, you should question me about it. If when you, not if, when you do radio is that for each $1,000 that you spend in radio, you're going to get 60 calls or visits to your URL for every $1,000 that you spend on radio. 60 people are going to come to you. That's, that's what we call a success. Now we did a stop smoking product recently. 120 people came, you know, but I'm saying 60 is kind of the, you know, where, where is my cutoff point? I can do lots of things if you hit 60. I could put more testimonials, more bonuses, and I can boost it up. I can do anything I want to, but if we get 60, you're golden. You're cool. Cost per call 1666. 30 people opted in the conversions were 50% of the people who opted in eventually, which is really high. And that takes you through your sequences and your webinar and your social media and everything. So that could take more than 30 days, could take you up to 60 days to make that happen. All this happens. Profit per sale, $154. Okay. And you made $2,310 on this buy. And this is, this is the ratio that I want you to remember. 2.3 to 1. So if you spend a million dollars, you got your million dollars back plus $2.3 million profit. Okay. The only thing you have to take out of that is your overheads. Okay. So what did I say it was? What's the ratio? 2.3. Who said that? 2.3. That's peanut butter. That's peanut butter. Peanut butter ones. All right. So this is it. So this is, we take you through this. Now, if somebody comes to me and they say, I want this like, you know, they're telling, I want $5 cost per lead. Okay. Let's put it into the analyzer. The analyzer doesn't lie. It's real. Out to the right, you see the upsells? This analyzer takes into consideration all your upsells. Okay. So the analyzer, like, and it's all guesstimations, right? In the beginning. So we're saying what percentage of the people take the first upsell? What percentage take the second? You see the last upsell? $30,000. Okay. What percentage of the people who ordered take the $30,000, one tenth of one percent, but who to help cares? Do you know what I mean? We call that the elephant offer. Everybody needs an elephant offer. That's the elephant. Now, where does the term elephant offer come from? How many here have ever heard the Neiman Marcus catalog? Okay. At Christmas, they come out right with this great catalog and have these very expensive things. As a matter of fact, one year, they put my six foot hoagie across two pages, wrapped it in gold and sold it for $500. Yeah. So anyway, getting back to the elephant. The guy who created that catalog was Roger Horchow. He wrote a book called Elephants in Your Mailbox. I read it. Did you read it? You're nodding your head? Here's the deal. In the catalog, there was a picture of an elephant with a library ladder leaning against the elephant. They were selling the library ladder. People wanted the elephant. So what he said that made sense to me, and I hope it makes sense to you, there's a percentage of the population that want the elephant. Do you know there's a percentage of the population where money is not an object? Do you know that? All right. That's your platinum list on your database? Money. Do you think I care about how I spend my money? No, I do. But yeah, there's some people who don't. They got a lot of money. They want it. They want to buy it. Offer it. I don't care if anybody, and if you offer it and nobody buys it, guess what? They think you're really cool because you're offering something of that magnitude. That makes you appear really cool. Really cool. And the bigger that elephant, the cooler you are. I'm leading up to something, you know. You're too smart for me. All right. So that's one of my guys wrapped in tinfoil, two Tesla tubes. So we do local, we do national terrestrial, which is regular radios called terrestrial. We do satellite, we do streaming, we do Pandora, we do endorsement radio, all types of radio we purchase and we buy. We buy rendent, non-rendent. We buy whatever returns to you. And I will tell you, how many people have Pandora? Yeah, Pandora is a big deal. Pandora runs about four commercials an hour. And the commercials are short. They're like 15 seconds or 30 seconds. So, a guy comes into my office and he says, one of their sales reps comes in. He says, I want you to buy Pandora from us. I want you to start spending on Pandora. Yeah, good. I said, what's your president's name? He goes, why? I said, I want to call your president. He goes, what do you want to do that for? I says, my clients are making money off terrestrial. You want me to take money out of terrestrial and risk it on Pandora. I says, Pandora's background music, first of all. I buy foreground, which is news talk and sports talk and that type of thing. In addition, I do 60s. Pandora's 15s and 30s. I says, in addition to that, your cost per thousand is $15. I pay two. I says, having said all that, I don't care. I don't care if it pays out. That's good. I says, but I need to test it. So, it gives me the president's name and I don't get that a president, but the president calls me like the next day. And I go through the same thing that I just said to you. And I said, so, I said, this requires a test. And I says, and you know what that's code for? He goes, you want it free. Exactly! I want a free test. I want $100,000 of media. I'll run some of my clients on there and we'll tweak it, make it work. I don't know how to make a 15 second work, or even if we can. You know, or a 30 second. I said, but listen, I have an enormous budget of radio that I could spend with you guys, work with me. I say that to all my clients. I say it to all my partners in media, all of them. We're all in this to make money. Nobody's in here to squeeze anybody else. Let's work together and make it work. And he already said yes. I'm going to be doing some Pandora stuff and I'll let you know how that works out. Massive online follow up. I told you, you know, we have a division that builds microsites and does SEO. And we do all those things because you, because as an entrepreneur, you need them. If you already have them, great. But if you don't, we can't work with you because that's where the conversion takes place. So you have to have a back end. So we have a division that builds that if you don't have it. We don't care if you use us to build it. You can use somebody else to build it, but you need to build it. All that stuff you guys learned about in the last two or three days here, we employ all of that. Free offer. It's a killer formula. These case studies, I can take you through everybody. I'll take you through an interesting case, two interesting case studies actually. A guy came to me with chocolate, a doctor made chocolate and he said, what can I do with this chocolate? It's low in sugar. It's dark chocolate. Low in sugar, calories and fat. I said, why don't you make it part of a diet? You know, call it the simple chocolate diet. He said, okay. And he had a nice British accent. Perfect. So, so he said, what kind of offer? I said, I said, give a free sample. He give a free sample of chocolate. You know what that does to a server? Anyway, took a server down in hours. You know, so, you know, we have three rules in our company. One, if we call you, get back to us within 24 hours, either email or call or tell us you can't get back to us. The second rule is that our suggestions really aren't suggestions. And the third rule is think ahead. Think ahead. You know, don't call us on a Wednesday and say, I got to be on the air in two days. If we do put you on the air, we're stupid because it's not going to be, it's going to be high price. It's going to be bad placement. You're going to pay too much for it. It's probably not going to work. But now you go back to your boss or whomever and say, we got on the radio. Well, it's not going to work. So think ahead. A lot of the stuff I've already talked about. So you're looking for the message. That's what we use print. We use print, like a half page and full page print in order to make announcements about our, you know, what we've done. So what's your big idea? How do you move your idea to the next level? How do you do it? Every idea, every idea starts small. Every idea. Okay. And then you share it and it starts growing and it gets bigger and bigger. Now it's your turn to do this. Now is the perfect time to do this. I want to give you the keys. Okay. Digital convergence marketing is what I just went over and that's the system that I have here. That's, I just got done doing this. This is cutting edge, this is cutting edge marketing, 21st century marketing. I don't know anything more powerful than digital convergence marketing. See what else I got up here. Make money, big, big money with radio. This is everything I know about radio. This is a pretty sophisticated course right here. Is Dustin here? Did he step out? Okay. Dustin said he was listening to it in his car and he's trying to get into the bank. But you got to hear, you know what I'm saying? You got to hear this next tip. This is it. I'm trying to get down into the bank. I'm saying, well say the tip. That was nice testimonial. You see, this is how I started my own business. Some people here, credit cards are maxed out. They had a hitchhike to get here and they're entrepreneurs and you know, I love those people. I can help those people. I can help in all states no matter where you are. I respect that. I respect the fact that you have to bet on yourself from time to time in order to make something big happen. So this is my course on how I did it for free. So if you have no money, this is it. This is it. All right. What else I got here? I got some insane bonuses. You see, my staff writes insane bonuses. All right. I'll work with you to create your own personal radio ad. I'm going to let you do it and then I'm going to go through it. I'm going to go through it and I'm going to make sure that it's a good ad. I'm going to give you two 20-minute consultations on the phone. You'll have your questions right in. You'll ask these questions and I'll give you the answers. All right. They usually last more than 20 minutes, but I say 20 minutes. I'm going to say that for last. I'm going to let you use our studios. Okay. Come in. Use the studio. Studio time, produce producers, everything's there. You walk in. Our receptionist will greet you. It's your office. Everybody there is yours. All the writers, producers, directors, everybody there. Food, everything. It's like your office. That's how we make you feel when you come visit us. We need you feeling really up, really secure because if you're going to avoid some commercials, this is this frame of mind we want to put you in. I'm going to give you this report that I told you about. This cost, this took me six months and it cost me $10,000 to do this. This is, how many here have ever considered using a celebrity? All right. It's not that hard, you know, if you know the rules and so forth. For instance, Randy and Paula up there, they were on American Idol and second year they were on American Idol. They had numbers like through the roof, right? 30 million viewers. Fox had to renegotiate their contract. So Fox is smart. Fox says we're thinking about canceling the program. That panicked them. Panicked. They, oh my God, we're going to be out, you know. So immediately I swooped in and say, okay, I got a deal for you and I cut my deal and I got it for a lot less than if I would have tried it like one year later, it would have cost me millions and millions to cut that deal. So all that is in there. All right. All this stuff adds up to like $10,000 if you add it up to, but I'll tell you what. I have a question for you. Somebody named some rich people that you know. Anybody? Russell Brunson. Russell Brunson is a good rich guy. Who else? Bill Gates. Who? Richard Branson. Branson. Okay, he's a rich guy. Who else? Bill Gates. Who? Bill Gates. Bill Gates is rich. Warren Buffett. Warren Buffett is big. How about, who else? Donald Trump is big. I have a question for you. Just answer it. Have any of those people made billionaires? Yes. Or have they made themselves a billionaire? Yes. Yes. They have made billionaires. Who do you know? Very few people have made billionaires. It's very rare to sit in front of somebody who's made billionaire brands and companies. Advertising companies make billionaire companies. The difference between what they do and what we do is we make billionaire individuals. That's the difference. And if we don't make you a billionaire, let's say we just make you a multimillionaire. And if we really screw up, we make you a millionaire. All right? But we're here to make you rich. Why? Because your successes are success. Do you know how advertising companies work? Do you know how they make money? Commission. Commission. That's how they make money. The more successful you are, the more money you spend on advertising, the more money we make. So you see how important it is for me to make you successful. That's why I go to these extremes. Have you ever seen anybody go to these extremes before? I've invented tools, everything you can imagine in order to make it work for you. All right. So first 20 people, $997. They get back there and buys that. Don't leave the room if you're going to buy this because I have something else I want to show you. Now, here's the deal. It's $997, but the thing I skipped over real fast, see if I can go back to it, is it's free. Because here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to give you $1,000 worth of advertising time. All right? So if you ever thought about doing radio, if you ever think about doing radio, now's the time to do it because you're actually, this whole thing's for free. Because I'm actually going to give you $1,000 in advertising time. So that's my deal. And if you're going to buy it, buy it now. I don't want to lug any of these home, okay? But don't leave the room because I'm going to show you something else. You son of a gun, could you run that video? I told them I would curse, but I'm not going to curse. I'm going to show you something else. I'm going to show you something else. I'm going to show you something else. I'm going to show you something else. I'm going to show you something else. I'm going to show you something else. I'm going to show you something else. Music What you just witnessed was Jay Walker's library in his house. It's right in his house. It's a museum. You just got a glimpse into the mind of a genius. It's the tracing of human imagination. Nothing is labeled. When you walk in there, you look at things and you have to discover what they are yourself. It all started with a little idea and a little conversation, just like the conversations I want to have with you. Thank you very much. Applause