So the microcontinuity training program, we've got a lot of people on this webinar right now. I know it's kind of a weird hour of the day and I appreciate you guys being on during this time. You saw the schedules kind of mix and match over the next couple of weeks, reason-wise, because I'm trying to get these in as quick as possible because I want you guys to get your programs up and running as fast as possible. I'll talk about that here in a minute. But I apologize in advance for any of the dates and times that are kind of messed up. I will be archiving all these things. We should by the day after the webinar have a go-to webinar link where you can watch it all stuff like a flash version in our archiving members area within a day. Usually a lot faster. Usually by next morning we should have a version of the video up as well in case you happen to miss it. We should have a go-to webinar version up. Usually pretty much immediately within an hour or so afterwards. So that's kind of the game plan. But again, we appreciate you guys being on. We appreciate you guys taking a risk. I know that anytime you make a financial investment yourself it's kind of a risk. But I promise you this risk is definitely going to pay off. Like I said, the microcontinue program, if everything I've ever taught, everything I've ever learned, everything I've ever studied or done, this is hands down my favorite, the easiest, the fastest, and the best way that I feel there is to make money on the Internet. And that's why I'm so excited to be going through this process with you guys. So if you have questions throughout, feel free to ask questions in the question box. I'm kind of a solo man on this, so I don't have an operator, so I'm going to go through. I'll probably talk for a while, then look at the questions and come back and forth. Actually, it looks like Brent's online. I might make Brent an organizer as well, just like he is able. Yeah, there, Brent's not an organizer. If he sees questions coming through, I'll have to maybe write him down and then I'll go through and ask for his, or get him to feed me the questions each session. So if you have questions, feel free to ask them in the questions section right now. And Brandon, can you now make sure that you're muted until you do have a question or if you want to talk about anything? Okay, so again, you guys, welcome to this program. I know there's been a lot of excitement and a lot of you guys post questions and feedback in the members' areas, because it's such an exciting topic. The exciting idea is kind of the ground floor in this. No one's talking about this. No one has shown this method. No one's really laid out what we're going to be talking about tonight. You guys are getting in on the ground floor. I can say to my company, I mentioned this a couple times, we're in the process of converting all of our old content into a lot of these microcontinuity sites. In fact, during this contest right now, I'm actually in the development of six sites right now, and I'm going to be racing with you guys. I'm going to see if I can develop six sites as fast as you guys can develop one site. And I'll show you guys kind of the step-by-step process behind the scenes. What I'm doing as well, you'll see all the pieces, how they're going together, the copy I'm using, all the stuff that I'm using to make this successful so you guys can just copy me, swipe what I'm doing, and make yours very, very identical. So again, this is, I love doing these trainings. I'm just excited for this one. This is probably the one I'm most excited about. So I'm going to jump right into this. Again, if you have some questions, feel free to ask them throughout. Okay. First thing, I want to lay out some ground rules for this training program. This is going to be different than most of the training programs you guys have probably been on in the past, and definitely this is different than anyone that I've ever kind of conducted, and there's a couple reasons why. First reason is that this is going to be a fast training program. Okay. Normally, I do training programs. I try to give tons and tons of content and extend it over. I think last one did it was like a five or six month period of time. This one's not the case. This one, I'm trying to get you guys to implement and take action as quick as possible. In fact, if you know a thing from start time to end time, the last one I'm training is about three weeks. So in three weeks from now, if you guys follow this process and spend about an hour a day working on this, your microcontinue sites will be up and finished. So again, this is a fast learning process. The fast process is not going to be something drawn out. I don't want you guys working at this for five or six months and then hopefully making money. I want you guys to spend three weeks on this. When that time in three weeks is done, you should have your project up. So the reason why it's important for you guys to understand that is I don't want, a lot of times I know people that sign up for training programs and they go through the whole program learning and taking notes and trying to understand it. Then they decide, you know, I'm going to go back afterwards and start building it. I do not want that to be the case with this training program. I want you guys to, in fact, every single night, you're going to have homework assignments, you have stuff you need to do, do the assignments that I'm going to reward you guys for submitting all your feedback. Again, I told you guys during the sales process we're keeping this group very, very small and intimate and we are because we have a forum set up where you guys are going to submit your homework and they will actually come to my personal email. I'm going to be reviewing everyone's information personally. So I want to make sure that I'm giving you, having the ability to give you guys good feedback along the way. Okay? Second thing, again, like I mentioned, don't sit through this. Implement it now. Do not take the attitude of I'm going to learn this real quick and then after I'm done I'm going to go back and try to do it. Take an hour, a night. Just plan that right now. One hour each night over the next three weeks I'm going to spend time working on this microcontinuity program. It probably is not going to take you an hour or night but that's what I would dedicate to. Then you'll need at least an hour or night to focus on this. If you do that, it's as simple as turning off loss to 24. Go get a Tivo Tivo for the next three weeks and then you have the time you need to go and actually implement the program the way we're talking about it. Number three, like I said earlier, during the same process I'm going to be creating six sites on my own. We're seeing who's faster, you guys or me. This is going to be kind of fun. The last thing, this is going to be kind of a big care at the end. I'm actually going to give you two cares. This is one of them though. I'm going to be personally picking two to three of your sites in this group that I think are really good, that are done quickly and quality. I'm going to be pulling into my entire list. I'll go out to over 300,000 people if your site's up and done. If it's in an industry that makes sense with my list. I'll try to help you guys broker some JV deals and that kind of stuff. I'm going to be speaking at Dan Kennedy's event on May 1st. Dan Kennedy's been one of my heroes for a long time. I want to make a really good impression and I want to make my presentation awesome. I'm going to be talking about microcontinuity. I want to be able to share case studies of as many as you guys as possible. I want to be able to say, look, here's Joe. He made $5,000 this first week. This is so-and-so. He made $15,000. He made that. A residual income of $2,500 a month or $2,500 a week or whatever your system, whatever you're able to create, that's all I want to be able to create is a bunch of case studies out of your guys' projects. Again, so we're doing it fast and that's why if you get it done quickly before I speak, I'm going to have a chance to, as many of you guys as possible, but probably the first two or three, I'm going to be able to promote it either to my own list or try to help you find some JV partners to promote it so we can get some good case studies showing your actual results of what's possible with this kind of system. Again, I want to motivate you guys to get this stuff done fast. The last kind of a carrot at the end of this training program that I just actually thought about right where I was getting on the book is I was actually talking to my brother and we're going to be making DVDs of these trainings. We have six live trainings and six video trainings. You guys can go to the watch on your own. So there's going to be 12 DVDs created from this whole package. So what I'm going to do is at the end of this training, if you guys have followed all the steps and I will know, again, all these things are coming to my personal email address, if you guys have done all the steps throughout this three and a half week period of time, I will actually be sending you guys for free this entire training course on DVD. So that way you can watch it on your TV, on your computer, whatever. I'll cover all the costs on that. We have a nice leather carrier, these little leather binders that we're creating for the course, all that kind of stuff. So again, if you get this done during three and a half week period of time, get your site up and running and ready to launch, then I will be sending you guys the DVDs for anyone who gets to that point. And I want you to kind of notice these carrots I'm giving you, and this is going to go into something we're talking about later on today in the microcontinuity is creating these carrots at the end. These are things to make sure that you're implementing and getting stuff done. The worst thing I could possibly get, the worst, I guess, not rejection for me, but the worst thing that can happen for me is for you guys to come back and they rustle all my money back. And what I know is that it's funny because we always, when people ask, especially for coaching programs like this, they say, why do you want your money back? I don't want to give them back, but let me know why. It's usually because they didn't implement what they did. Well, I just haven't had time to do it or haven't, whatever. And I don't want that to be an excuse. I want you guys implementing the stuff so you're going to make money with it so that you're not going to want to refund. So it's kind of a selfish reason on my part, but it's also not selfish because I know if you guys are implementing this, it's going to work. The system is simple. It's easy. It's fast. And if you just apply it, you're going to make money with it. So those are some carrots at the end. So I'm going to jump right into this now. The first thing I wanted to do is I wanted to lay down this process. And all you guys hopefully saw the sales presentation where I talked about this. I'm going to go through a couple of slides from that presentation so that in case, depending on where you're at, some people may have seen it, some people may not have seen it, I want to give everyone a very solid foundation of the business model, how it works, what other pieces are. We're going to talk about each piece individually. But this is basically the process. And it starts right here. I don't think you can see my mouse or not, but on the left-hand side, it starts with a squeeze page, a very simple squeeze page with a headline, a video, and an opt-in box. And then it goes to a sales page right here with the headline, a video, some bullet points, and an order button. It then goes to a microcontinuity program, which we'll talk about that in detail. It ends up here at the top with a one-time offer bump, an OTO bump, and with a good call to action. So that's kind of the one, two, three, four pieces of the process. Now, what's exciting about this is to be able to launch this, your microcontinuity program, all you need done is a squeeze page, a sales letter, a free offer, and one week of your microcontinuity program. And again, this is literally something, if you spend enough time on it, you can get knocked out probably in 24 to maybe 48 hours at the most. So that's what I'm saying. Three and a half weeks of us going through this year should all have plenty of time, especially if you're always spending an hour or night, plenty of time to get this whole thing put together and running. So step number one, again, this is a very, very simple process. I want to make sure you all have a very clear understanding of how it works. Step number one here in the process is the free video squeeze page. Here's an example of a very basic example of what it looks like. The headline is very simple. Again, with all the stuff we're talking about, there are different ways you can modify and tweak it and probably make it better or worse. But this is kind of the baseline. Use this as your guide if you want to change the headline a little bit. But what the headline needs to be is something very simple like this. And in fact, a lot of times it should be just this, nothing more, nothing less. Just a free video reveals number one secret to blank. Number one secret to how to train your dog or how to make more money faster, how to get more sleep at night or number one secret on how to whatever, whatever your thing is that you're teaching. Then you have on the left-hand side, it can be text, it can be a video, it can be an audio. I don't really care what it is. I would recommend a video if at all possible, either a headshot video of you talking or a Camtasia video of you with the PowerPoint side kind of going through this. But you need to be able to answer these four questions. This is all that needs to happen on the squeeze page. Answer these four questions. Who are you? What do you have? Why do they need it? And how can they get it? So something about this page, first thing they see is free video reveals the number one secret to how to make more money on the Internet. In the video it would say, hi, my name is Russell Brunson. I have got a free video that's going to show you the number one secret on how to make money on the Internet. And the reason why you need this is if you are looking for a way to make extra income or you're just tired of being broke, this video is going to show you a very simple and easy way to make money on the Internet. Now all you have to do to get it is put your name and your email address on the form on the right and click submit. And on the very next page you will be given access to this free video that's going to show you this very cool secret. So that's basically it. Again, if you did a video that was probably a 30 second video. The page of it might have been 45 seconds in audio. It's the same kind of thing. If it's text, it's three or four bullet points. So again, I'll do it one more time. Free video reveals the number one secret to how to make more money or how to lose weight at the fast food restaurants. My video will say, hi, my name is Russell Brunson. I've got a video, a free video that's going to reveal to you how you can actually lose weight while you are at your favorite fast food restaurant. Now the reason why you need this is you're probably overweight like me. Like I used to be, let's say. And you love going to fast food though and you don't want to give that up. So what this video is going to do is show you how you can still go to fast food but lose weight. Now all you have to do to get this free video is put your name and email address on the form on the right and click submit and you'll be taken to a page where you're going to see a video that is going to teach you that exact process. It's going to teach you how to lose weight at a fast food restaurant. Okay. Hope you guys see it. It's really not that difficult. I wish someone would lay this out for me. I did tons of squeeze-page videos where I was just rambling and rambling. And what I found is that the videos are very short, concise and to the point they give a very solid call to action. If you're seeing me say CTA, it means call to action, those are the ones that do the best. Okay. If I'm not rambling forever, I'm saying, this is again, who am I? What do I have? Why do you need it and how can you get it? Okay. Hopefully I made that simple and easy enough. Okay. That's really all you need to do. Okay. Now, people are going to, I know some of you guys are going to say, well, can I do more? Can I change the headline? Yeah, you can change the headline if you want. But I wouldn't take out anything about the free video reveals. Okay. I mean, that's a powerful, easy, simple headline. Okay. Now, some of you guys may not have, may not be wanting to a video. I mean, you guys may want to do a free report. Okay. You can do that. You can say free report reveals and number one secret to whatever. And you can do that. The problem is a report will convert lower than a video. Okay. Every time I try it, a free video always converts higher. But you can try that out. You can say free ebook reveals. One of our clients, I know a little bit about their project, they're doing, giving away a free website on the squeeze page. So instead of a free video, I think there's going to be free website. It helps you make money within the next 24 hours. I'm like that. Okay. So you can tweak it to your needs, but don't tweak it far. And if you're creating it from scratch, model it exactly where I am and then use that first and then try it, you know, you can try to improve it if you want later. But use this as a model because it works very, very well. It's very simple and very easy. It does not need to be any more than that. Okay. Any questions about the free video squeeze page part? Let's see if there are any questions before I jump on. Okay. Someone said squeeze page templates. One of them is going to be available. I will post some squeeze page templates up in the members area tomorrow morning. Okay. So there will be some squeeze page templates. I'm also going to talk about today how you guys can just probably an easier way to get some good squeeze page templates that are more customized to what you're doing. But I'll put some good templates in the members area and you'll be able to see them in there. Okay. Mark said, do you have any sites you've done, for example? Actually, great question, Mark. What I'm going to be doing during the live training, I'm going to be talking about the conceptual and during the video, I'm going to be going more into details. I show sites. I show what we did, why we did that kind of stuff. So you'll see on the other video, which will be posted, probably within 24 to 48 hours of this training. You'll see that it's actually going to be back into actual sites of ours and other people that show the step-by-step process. Okay. Just to ask if everyone gets access to the templates. Yes, everyone will have access to templates. We'll put those in the microcontinuity training area. Okay. Any other questions about the squeeze pages right now? Hopefully. I said it's not that difficult. And we've had quite a few students who have just used Weebly.com to create their squeeze pages. So it's very easy to do there as well. I said, I'll talk about that more later on. Okay. Looks like there's no more questions about the squeeze page. Oh, good. A couple other questions came in. One of them, no, sorry, it wasn't weebly.com. It's weebly. W-E-E-B-L-Y.com is a free website builder. Works very, very well. Weebly.com works very well. Let's see. Yeah, Craig's asked, will you give us ideas of what we should do on our microcontinuity site? And he said, yes, I'll talk about it in a minute. I had to come up with, I just squeezed pages. We'll talk about it in a minute as well. Cool. Okay. I'm going to jump on because we cover so many things here in just one second. Okay. So step number one, free video squeeze page. Step number two is you need to reveal the one secret you just promised them. Okay. And it's funny. A couple guys told me this for a long time. They said, you know, give them something free on the squeeze page and give them that free thing to kind of help build the confidence. And I can never like figure out a way to do that. I kept trying different things. And the closest I saw somebody doing it right was Eben Pagan. And he has a site called werdating.com. And since I saw this process, you'll probably won't be able to see it unless you go back to the archives of this page. It was werdating.com. And a very simple squeeze page. And the squeeze page said inside or behind, you know, inside you'll, I'm going to teach you the KISS test. And this KISS test will help you know, let you know if a woman wants to give you a kiss or not. Give me a name, email address, and reveal the KISS test. And I thought, huh, so I put a name, email address, and a click submit. It takes you to a very short, just a paragraph where you said, this is what the KISS test is. And he tells them what the KISS test is. This is how it works. I think it was like you lean forward. And if they turn their head one way, it means they want to kiss them. If you use something else, then I can't remember. I was married at the time, so I didn't really pay too much attention to it. But he gave away the KISS test. And then that button said click here for more information, and it would then take you to the sales letter. But what he's doing is he's giving you one piece of usable information, one secret that you could take and say, hmm, that actually is a good idea. That's something I can use and I can implement. And that's what you want to do with the same thing here, is that you told me you're going to reveal to them one secret. And on here, on the second step of the process on the sales page, that's what you want to do. Okay, so you want to have a headline. That's the basic sense. I mean, it could be anything from here's the number one secret you asked for to, to discover, you know, whatever it is, just make a headline that basically says here's the secret. Here's what you guys asked for. Let me give it to you. You had a video then play, here's the secret. Okay, you want to give them some kind of content, some kind of something. Okay, so step number one is you reveal a secret. Step number two is you want to say something like, if that one secret is good, I've got seven more that are even more powerful. I've got 16 other tricks that work just as fast or maybe even better, something like that. Okay, so they realize that they got something good, but there's more out there. There's just one piece of what they actually needed. Okay, next thing you want to have a good call to action. So scroll down below, click on the Advertise button, click on the Yes button, and we'll ship you out of the city right away. And then in the sales, you want to give them a free trial to the microcontinuity program. And I'll share with you guys again, samples to show copy in the right way to do that, to do the microcontinuity, the copy to kind of explain to them how they're getting onto the microcontinuity program. Okay, and I'm going to keep moving forward because after I go through this process, kind of laying out the four pieces, then I'm going to actually have some slides where we talk about finding your niches. And some of you guys are asking questions about that right now, how to find your niche, how to kind of dig deeper, and that kind of stuff. So I'm going to kind of keep going through this process just to get a good overview of how it works before we kind of dig into all the nitty gritties of each of the steps. Okay. All right. Now the next thing you need to make sure you have an offer, and if you guys saw my video, you saw my rant about this, I think that you should always create a free plus shipping offer. Okay. So the reason why, in the video when we sold this program, I talked about a book called Predictably Irrational. And in the book, they did a case study where they had a bunch of chocolates. They had Hershey Kisses, and they had these chocolates, or like five or six dollars a piece, and they put them out there, and they said, okay, if you want to come and buy these chocolates, it's 25 cents for one of these six dollars chocolates, or one penny for a Hershey Kiss. And they put them out on the line, had ever come and buy whatever they wanted. And it was like 72% of people, I believe, took the more expensive mint for 25 cents. Okay. It was a much better deal, much better offer, that's what they wanted. So what was interesting, they then took those exact same chocolates, and they lowered the price of each of them by one cent. So the 25 cent one became 24 cents, and the one cent one became free. And they ran the test again, and what they found was exactly opposite, okay, the number switched. It became like 72% of people took the free kiss over the hugely discounted expensive thing. And the funny thing was the only difference was one cent, okay. It was nothing else, but because the word free was in there, it shot up the response rate, okay. And it went and took that same case study, and it went back and tried a bunch of other things, because a lot of people said, well, you know, that's because people had to pull a credit card out, and they didn't have to pay money, so that's what, you know, that stifled the response. So they did other tests where they would do it like in a cafeteria checkout line, where people had already had their credit card out, they were already paying, they were just adding, you know, either a one cent or, you know, 24 cent or a zero cent bill to their card, and had the exact same results, okay. And so I read that case study, I was like, that's very interesting that that's happening, and I started looking at the launches I've been behind the scenes over the last four or five months, okay. And you'll notice that people have been launching a lot of free plus shipping and handling offers, and also a lot of $1 trials. In fact, Mike Filstein launched a free plus shipping offer today, which was so big, he crashed an entire data center, just people trying to order his product, okay. So, and behind the scenes has been interesting, watching everybody, watching the conversion rates as an affiliate on the free plus shipping offers versus the $1 trials, and the free plus shipping offers consistently out convert, okay. So that's what I say there. Now, some of you guys are still not going to believe me, or you're going to want to do a $1 trial or a, you know, a $3.97 trial, and you can do that. In fact, there are sites that I'm going to be doing $1 trials, $4.97 trials, usually it's when I'm using ClickBank, okay. There's some of these programs I want to be doing 100% through ClickBank, and ClickBank doesn't allow you to do a physical product, and I think the low end of what you can charge for shipping handling is like $3 or $4. I can't remember exact number, okay. So if I'm using ClickBank, I'd rather use digital, and I'd rather have an actual dollar amount. So in those kind of cases, I would, I may do, you know, some kind of trial, but if I can help it, I want to print something out, charge shipping handling, because again, if you make it free plus shipping, you're going to see huge conversions, huge increase, and it gets more people into your funnel, okay. The other thing is some people are still going to say, well, you know, this product, I don't, I don't feel comfortable selling it for free plus shipping. I've been selling it for $27, $37, and I don't want to go down. You can still do that. In fact, Jeff Gardner, some of you guys may know him, he's got a site called Free Advertising something. It's a microcontinuity site, and he charges $27 on the front end, and he's been doing it for over a year, very successfully, and he actually saw my presentation and emailed me and said, Russ, I never thought about doing free plus shipping. I'm probably going to shift to that model, but he's been doing it successfully with the $27 front end product. It still works. You just get a lot less people in the front end of your funnel. Okay. So again, low price products will still work, but you're going to get less people in your funnel. And so for you guys, look at what makes the most sense for you. What do you want to do? Okay. If any of you guys ever hired me for a personal 101 consult, I'm always going to tell you to do a free plus shipping offer, but some of you guys may have different ideas or want to do something different, which is completely fine. Do the way that you feel most comfortable doing it. Okay. And I recommend and will always tell you to do a free plus shipping if you can do it, because I'm pretty confident it's the best way to do it. Okay. So let's see. My slides aren't working. Okay. Step number three now in this process is your weekly microcontinuity program. Okay. We talked a lot about this during the sales presentation. I want to bring a couple points right now, just in case anyone didn't hear all the parts of that. You know, usually you look at a continuity program and there's a couple of things. You have to have dancing membership scripts set up to be on a membership site, or you are printing CDs and DVDs and shipping them out every single month. Okay. So it's very technical to set up. Another problem is there's high attrition rates. Okay. What happens if someone signs up for your continuity program and it's $50 a month or $40 a month for the rest of their life, that's very intimidating. And most people don't stay on for more than three or four months. In fact, the average, I think lifespan of a continuity member in almost every program in almost every industry is about three to four months. Okay. So in your best case, you're going to get three to four months. And so some of the problems with the continuity program, and there are a lot of work, and every single month they have to create new content over and over and over again. Okay. So the power of a microcontinuity program is that, if I can say anything on this slide, what you're doing is you're delivering weekly implementation coaching programs. Okay. That's what their problem is, membership site. A lot of people will sign up for membership site, they'll log in and boom, they've got four years worth of content they have to download, or five months worth of content they download, and when they download it all, and then they cancel, or they get so overwhelmed they never do. What's nice about this is you are chunking up your, you are weekly, sending them stuff weekly to help them implement what it is you're teaching. Okay. So if I have a free CD offer that's teaching somebody how to make money with Google, you know, pay per click, the CD is going to teach the concept, and then the weekly implementation program is week number one, you need to be doing this. Okay. And week number two, you need to be doing this. So you're able to kind of chunk up the learning and give it to people in bite-sized pieces. Okay. Breaking the weekly steps. And then the cool thing is delivered by email. Okay. And this is very important because it's going to make it so your process needs to be on set of scripts, you're going to have passwords and membership sites, and all this stuff is really confusing. You deliver it completely through email. So it's very simple. All you do is set up an auto response, and I'm going to show you this in some of the case study videos. You set up an auto response form, they fill out the form, click submit, and they're delivered to email. Okay. And then the last step in the process is the one time offer, boom. This is where after, as soon as they purchase something, you want to sell them something else. Okay. As soon as they, as soon as they bought something, that's the best time to sell them the next product or next service. Okay. Because they're still excited about the concept. So selling somebody something else in the one time offer, boom. Okay. And here's a kind of a picture of how we do a lot of times. What we do is we call the order customization as opposed to like a one time offer. So hey, thanks for your order. Let's customize your order to help make it better. Okay. Usually, a lot of times you guys are already, especially if you already have a product you're trying to sell, this right here, your one time offer. This is the product you really are trying to sell anyway. It might be your $200 product or your $500 product or whatever it might be. This is usually the product you're trying to sell. You're just pulling out part of it to make a free plus shipping offer to get more people in your funnel. Okay. And if you do it the right way, you're going to make a lot more money. A lot more people are going to purchase this product versus the other way around. In fact, I don't think I have a slide in here. But what I talked about, I wish I would have put a slide in here, but I didn't. If you guys remember the sales presentation as well. We talked about the 100 visitor test that we ran. We ran a bunch of these different tests where basically we'd send 100 visitors to our $197 product. And on the high end, if we were doing really, really good, we'd get about 1% of the people to purchase the product. So 100 visitors make one sale. We make $197. We take that same 100 visitors. We send them to a free plus shipping handling offer. And immediately afterwards, upsell the $197 product. Something interesting would happen. What happened is that we'd get about 8% of people to buy the free plus shipping offer. People would go to the one time offer. And of the 8 people, because that person, there's something that happens in the mindset. They purchase something. They start along the process. Because they've purchased something, they're in a different mindset. We usually can get about 25% of the people at that point to purchase the $197 offer. So you have 100 visitors. You get 8 people to buy the free plus shipping offer. And then you get about 25% or 2 people to buy the $197 offer. And so you, from that unit, make about twice as much money. So you're going to make more money doing it through this process normally than you would just selling what you really want to sell anyway. And the other thing is if you don't have a product for your one time offer, you can also do it with affiliate programs. We're doing this with a lot of our old interviews right now. We're taking the interview that I might have done with somebody where we sold their product. And the one time offer is just that person's product. I'm sending it to that product through my affiliate link. And so it's not quite as slick as if you're ready to your own payment processor. But your slave will make a big commission even if you don't have your own product finished for the back end. Okay? All right. So that's kind of the overview really quick to get a microcontinuity. It's one of the kind of brush that really fast for those who hadn't seen the whole layout. So you have a good idea. This is how the system works. This is how all the pieces kind of flow together. Okay? Now I want to talk about this week what we need to be doing to be able to be successful. Okay? There's a couple pieces of this. And really the core of it comes down to the slide right here called offer development. Okay? This is what we're going to be working on mostly for this week. Okay? The notes I said offer development and not product development. Okay? There's a little distinction there. Offer development versus product development. Okay? That's just how it started with the whole internet marketing thing. I always look at things as products. Okay? And in fact, I look at my business as products. Okay? And what's interesting is as I started growing, I started looking around and you see the people do that. Like when I go to seminar, people run to me and say, well, I've got this product to sell. I've got this product. And their entire business is a product. Okay? That's not the way it should be. I mean, you look at companies like Procter and Gamble, okay? Their business isn't their product. Okay? Their business isn't, hey, we sell Bander shampoo. Okay? Their business is this is the products we sell in our product line. We're selling, you know, products and services to help make people, I don't know, cleaner or whatever Procter and Gamble, whatever their whole selling point is. But like a product line or something like that. So I don't look at stuff so much as products as much as offers. So what's an offer? What's an offer I can develop to get somebody to purchase a product from me and get them into my sales funnel? Okay? So let me show you. So the first thing you want to figure out in your offer development is what is your niche? Okay? Some of you guys already know. Some of you guys, like I said, sent me feedback already saying, yeah, Russell, I'm in real estate. I'm in this. I'm in different things like that. So let me guys know what niche you're going to be in. If you don't know what niche you're going to be in, in the members area earlier today, I uploaded a PDF file which has, I think, 100 or 200 different niche ideas. Okay? If you don't have an idea yet, log into the members area, download the niche PDF, and open it up. I said there's like 100 or 200 niches in there that are all very good. We've done some research on all of them. In fact, it was the guys over at Nicheology.com. We used a bunch of their offers from there and just said, look, here's 101 or 200. I don't know exactly how many numbers, but a ton of different niches. So if you're stuck, you don't know what your niche is going to be. So then you've got PDF, print it out, look at it, and look through it, and pick one of them. I don't care which one is just pick one that is exciting to you, and that's going to be your niche. Okay? You need to have a niche. That's the first step in the process, okay? Now, one thing I want to be very careful of is you don't want to sell, you don't want to be all things, all people, okay? My biggest product launch flop that I've had in my entire life, this was my mistake. I tried to be all things, all people. I created a product that had everything that somebody needs, okay? That is about the worst thing you could possibly do for this business. It's counterintuitive. You think, wow, I want to create the best product in the world that has everything my customer needs. The problem is that people don't buy it. They don't buy, say, I need everything here. What they do is they buy a topic. They buy a specific thing. They buy one offer, one thing that captures their attention and sucks them in, okay? So again, do not try to be all things, all people. Don't say, I'm going to create a front-end product on how to make money on the Internet, okay? That's trying to be all things, all people. You want to make it smaller, so I think that's my next bold point. Yeah, a micro niche. So instead of making how to make money on the Internet, it's how to make money with paper click or how to drive traffic with paper click, okay? Instead of how to lose weight, how to lose weight eating good food. How to lose weight, you know, you want to make micro niches so you're being very, very specific. Okay, the more broad you are, the harder this process is going to be. The more specific you can be, the easier and the faster it's going to be, okay? It's very, very important. So what is your niche, okay? And how specific can you get it to be, okay? You don't want, you don't want how to, you know, how to be more healthy, that kind of stuff you want. How to be more healthy taking supplements. Again, you want to be micro niche. How small can you shrink it? Okay, next thing here, this is very, very important. Look at your offer, the offer that you're creating. This is your free plus shipping offer, your $1 offer, whatever it is. Look at it and you want to make sure that it's a hard topic and not a soft topic, okay? So many times, the biggest flaw that people have when they come to our workshops and stuff is they come in with a soft topic idea. That's what they're trying to sell. So example of a soft topic is how to knit, how to cross stitch, how to lose weight, how to make money, how to feel good. These are all soft topics, okay? Soft topics. Now a hard topic is how to lose weight in 23 minutes. How to, you know, six minute abs. How to cross stitch for profit. How to make more money in your spare time at home. Usually, a hard topic is somehow usually related to either time or money. Okay, so usually you can take whatever offer you want, but you need to make a way to make it a hard topic. So not how to play piano. That's a soft topic. How to play piano by ear in five minutes a day, that becomes a hard topic. A specific thing, either tied to time or money or something that you can tie it to, that is something that people, again, I don't know how to explain it better than either hard topic or soft topic. So you have a soft topic, make sure you're transforming it into a hard topic. How I got out of pain quickly or how I was able to overcome the sickness in only three days. That's how you make something a hard topic. So again, what's your niche? Don't try to be all things all people. Think of micro niche. Make sure you have a hard topic and not a soft topic. So somehow if you can relate to time, to speed, to money, those are the things that make it a hard topic. Okay, and next thing you want to do is you want to do some offer research. I'm going to show you guys here in a minute how to do offer research. In fact, I might just jump there right now because that would be kind of a fun thing to show you guys. Okay, this is how we do most of our offer research. Okay, this is basically finding other people to have offers out there and looking at the offers and saying, okay, what does this offer look like? What's his offer? What's her offer? And look at what people are already offering, especially if you find places that you know these offers are already selling well and converting well. Okay, so I'm going to pull you guys off here for a minute and play to a site. It's called offervault.com. And this site is completely free for affiliates, so all of us are affiliates. So you guys can go to the site. I recommend going here today and signing up. I'm going to zoom in a little bit. Like I said, completely free. And what this is, is this is actually, it pulls offers from the top CPN networks in the world. Okay, now you may or may not notice CPN networks. There's 30 of them that's pulling these things from. But the thing with CPN networks, these are big affiliate networks for people putting offers in these networks. Okay, the same kind of offers we're trying to create. A lot of them are free plus shipping offers. A lot of them are supplement offers, different offers like that, but there are a bunch of offers that are in here. That's why it's called offervault. Okay, so you're going to look at over 10,000 different offers. And the cool thing about CPN networks, outside of one or two of them, but for most of the CPN networks, offers are only in the CPN networks that they are already converting very, very well. Okay, so what you can bank on is that if an offer is here in the offer vault, there's a very, very good chance that it's already selling very well. Okay, so they're probably doing the job right. So all you have to do then is go through here and start looking for some offers. I'm going to log in here with my account. If I can make a bigger shift, I'll see. And show you the process. Okay, so right here it shows, here's all the networks that it pulls things from. And a click bank is one of the ones that, like I said, a click bank will pull all the click bank offers so some of them might be bad. But you can get good ideas. Let's say you're selling something in the diet industry. So I'm going to type in diet and browse all offers. And let's see if we can pull up a whole bunch of diet type offers. Okay, some of these are going to be kind of weird. Okay, but you can scroll through here a little bit, see the IC berries. You kind of want to do really well in the, you know, these are a supplement obviously. They do really good in the CPN networks. Okay, free education guide is an info product. Let's type in make money. Browse all offers. Search all these networks for offers that are about making money. Looks like while I'm sitting here it's not going to pull it up right for me. But basically what you want to do is you want to scroll through here. Let me see if I can refresh this real quick. Type in money. Let me see if I can pull up a given for you guys to see. Okay, so let's say that stops working, I apologize. You got to set up email alerts so that it finds new offers. It can send you guys more information about them. I think it new offers about money. Yeah, it's just showing the same ones before. I apologize, it's not showing me new ones. But normally if you go through here and it's working for you, it should work. You go and click preview on the site. It's going to preview the offers. This is a government grant-finding one. And you may be able to type in the government funding. Okay, you look at these offers here and see how do they structure their offers. And again, it gives you a good idea of how people are structuring other offers. Okay, another place that I might look at to look for offers. Now you guys know about Clickbank. It's another great place to look at offers just to see what other people are already selling. And if someone's already selling something, you know there's probably something that you can model an offer after. So for Clickbank, I go right here to the marketplace tab, pull up all the marketplace. There's all these categories. You have business to business, health and fitness, home and family, computer and internet, money and employment, marketing and ads, fun and entertainment, sports and recreation, society and culture. So pick one of these. Let's say it's health and fitness. And I'm going to go and it's going to show me the top 10 offers in Clickbank right now for health and fitness. So this one right here, the top one right now for health and fitness is called Fat Loss for Idiots. Okay, so if I go here to the page, I can look at their offer. Okay, learn the 10 Idiot-Proof Rules of Dieting and Fat Loss. Okay, this thing is pretty goofy looking. This is the number one dieting product in Clickbank right now. It loses 9 pounds every 11 days. There's our hard topic. Okay, that's one idea. Go through, let's see if I find another one. Truth about 6-packs, okay? Truth about abs.com. So click on there. Look at the offers and go through again. Okay, begin. Look at a lot of offers because it's going to give you guys ideas about your products. Okay, other place I spent a lot of time on is Amazon. In fact, we're working on an offer right now for one of my other companies. I spent a lot of time today actually in Amazon looking at all the different offers that are in there in my niche and also in other niches. Okay, so example, you know, let's say I'm selling a fitness product, let's say I'm selling how to make money on the internet product. I might look at a fitness ad because I might see that, you know, their headline is no gimmicks or fads, just the truth about fat loss and getting defined abs for good. So I might say, hey, that's a good headline. I'm going to make mine, no gimmicks or fads, just the truth about how to make money fast on the internet for once and for all. Okay, something like that. But look at a lot of offers and a lot of industries to get ideas about how people are structured and offers, what their unique selling points are, all that kind of stuff. Okay, let me jump back here then. So those are the main points for developing your offer. Okay, that's the first step here. Second step now after you kind of figure out, okay, I'm going to create an offer, I'm going to create a free CD teaching people how to improve their golf score by 30 points in the next 20 minutes. Okay, you kind of figure out, well, this is my offer, it's going to be a CD, it's going to be a book, whatever it is, that's kind of the first step. Now the second step is creating your system outline. Okay, this is a very important piece of the puzzle. Okay, so first thing you want to think about is what is the end goal for your system? Okay, if my product, what's the end goal? Okay, if my goal is help golfers knock 10 strokes off their game, that's my end goal, help people knock 10 strokes off their end game. Okay, help people lose 30 pounds in 30 days. Help people to make money online doing this. Help people increase their health by this. Okay, we'll write that down, what is the end goal of your system, your product, the thing that you were creating, what's your end goal? Okay, now the second step is can you break that down into seven steps or 13 steps, whatever, I use seven because it's an easy number and it actually converts to the end of the seven, so can you break it down into seven steps? Okay, very simple. And the way that a lot of times if you guys get stuck on this is go to Barnes & Noble and grab a book on a similar topic and look at the table of contents. Okay, you're basically creating a table of contents for your system. Okay, you want to create, I think the next thing, yeah, either modules or chapters. So chapter one, if somebody was to purchase my product, what are the seven steps, the 15 steps, 12 steps I'm going to walk them through to make money in this process or to lose weight in this process or increase their golf score? Okay, so you want to create your own table of contents. Okay, so chapter number one is this, module number one is this, module number two is this, module number three is this, and break it down into at least seven steps. If there's more steps than that, write it down as well. You need to figure out how many steps are in your system outline. Okay, now the next thing I want to figure out is you want to make sure these steps or answers what people are already asking. Okay, now the way you do this is you want to go and do a little bit of research to find out what people, what questions people actually have. You know, the worst thing you do is create a product that nobody's asking with questions anyway. So the easiest way to do this is to go to a forum or message board. So go to Google and type in potato gun forum or dog training forum, tomato growing forum and start looking at the forum post and see what people are asking questions about. I'm frustrated with this. I'm stuck doing this. I can't figure out how to do this. Okay, so look for the things that people are complaining about. Look for those kind of questions and those are the things you want to be able to make sure that you are in your seven steps. Okay, for example, when I was making my, how to make a potato gun DVD, that's what we did. We ran an ask campaign with the forums and we started finding out what are all the questions that people are already asking. Okay, and when we were creating the product initially, I didn't, yeah, I just couldn't really know what kind of propellant was the best. We found out a lot of people were saying, you know, is there one that shoots further? And so we did a bunch of research and we found out that, hey, right guard deodorant shoots a potato farther than anything else. Number two is Aquanet hairspray and after everything else kind of trail behind there. That was a cool secret we found out about was the fact that right aid deodorant, spray on deodorant, shot a potato further. That's a cool secret that we can use on, you know, on our video squeeze page. Okay, we also found out a lot of people asked about what's the right barrel to chamber volume on a potato gun. Okay, I get a stupid thing. I never even know what people cared about. Until we started looking for what questions people were asking. And in the forums, that's what people were asking is, hey, I'm shooting, I'm creating this thing, but what's the right barrel to chamber volume? So we did some research, found it out, and again, that's another cool secret I could share on a video squeeze page, okay? So you'll find out one of the questions people are asking that you can find out the answers for, okay? You can create these steps for them. And the next thing you want to see is can you, can you call these steps secrets? Okay, one of you guys, I don't remember who it was, but when you guys were posting the, the comments back to me before this training said, does it have to be secrets? You know, I don't like the name secrets. It has to be secrets. No, it does not have to be secrets, okay? But secrets will convert amazing. For whatever reason, as funny as this, and as much as people don't believe that they believe in secrets, people still believe in secrets, okay? Everyone wants to know the secrets. So you don't have to be able to call them secrets. You can think of a cooler name if you want. You can call them strategies, but strategy is not nearly as powerful as secrets. But if you can create secrets, and if you can call these steps secrets, that's another thing. You don't want to be, you know, if you, if you, if you can't justify this as a secret to this, this as a secret to this, it's just like this is what you do first, this is what you do second. If you can't justify this as a secret, there's probably not a good step. You need to make sure these steps, you, you can, you can look at them as these are secrets. If you knew these secrets, it's going to help you, okay? And some of you guys may think that's a dumb thing. No one cares about secrets, but I promise you they do, okay? All right, so you can call each of the steps secrets. And the last thing is can you write a headline for each of these secrets? Okay? So an example for my how to make a potato gun DVD. I don't have it here in front of me, but, you know, step number one could be picking the right types of pipes. Okay, that could be what the, what the step is. So my, how to make a secret is, and how to make it a headline is the secrets of how to pick the right piping to make sure it doesn't blow up in your face. Okay, something like that, because if you pick the right kind of pipes that can blow up in your face, you need to make sure that the PSI is the right PSI and a bunch of stuff like that, otherwise you get the wrong pipe. Okay, so I can legitimately say the secret's picking the right kind of pipe that won't blow up in your face. Okay, so that's step. I can have a headline for that step. Okay, the next could be the secret propellant, the secret propellant, the secret potato 30% further on average. Okay, the secret's out, it's just right guard. But there's a secret and I can attach a headline to that secret. Okay, secret number three is what the, the right barrel to, discover the right barrel, the chamber volume with that'll help shoot your potato four times as far and make sure that the potato doesn't blow up in your face again. Okay, but you see how this is kind of working? Okay, I'm just pulling this off the top of my head, but that's the process I go through. It's the process you guys should be going through is figuring out, okay, what are the seven or the 10 steps in my system? Can I call these things secrets? And then what kind of headline can I attach to each of these? So if you had to sell each one as an individual thing, could you do that? Okay, and that's very important, especially when you get the microcontinuity training, you need to be able to do that because every single week you're selling something on why they shouldn't call and cancel. So if you have this broken down, say, you know, secret number seven is coming soon, next week, secret number seven is coming, you know, that's very important. Here's the headline for number seven is, you know, what propellant's going to shoot this thing the furthest? That's the secret you want to make sure you have so that you can keep somebody for the next week. Okay, it's just like, and again, we'll talk about this more in future trades, we get more into the microcontinuity training. But the microcontinuity, you guys live actually going to be building weekly. Some of you guys are going to be building bi-weekly, some of you guys are going to be building monthly. But it's kind of like the soap operas, like the news that, you know, at the end of each section, someone just got your week one content and they learned something, you know, first thing I think is like, I'm going to cancel, you know, that was good, but I don't want to keep paying $10 a month. But if you can give them something, say, okay, that was one secret, but next week we're talking about this, you know, we were watching, you know, I watched 24 and Heroes last night, my two of my favorite shows. In both of them, through the show ends, the first thing I had to do is next week gone 24 and they give you the teaser that hooks you into what's happening next week. Okay, and because of that, you know, I'm going to watch the show because I'm hooked on what's going to happen next. So as soon as you've got some of this microcontinuity, you've got to tease them with what the next secret is, the next step in the process. Okay, so that's why it's important that these steps are just steps or strategies. What's the secret? What's the hidden thing? What's the thing that's going to drive them to the next week? It's going to make them want to stay around. Okay. All right. Now the next thing, next step in this process is creating your opt-in bait. Okay, this is where you're on your squeeze page, you're getting somebody who wants to opt into your list, giving you their name and their email address. You need to create some opt-in bait. Okay, so the first thing is of these seven secrets, these 10 secrets you created, what is the best secret you have? Okay, you want to say, this is the best thing that you can give away. Okay, so on your squeeze page you say, free video reveals the number one secret to this, what is the best secret you have? Okay, you can be the best secret. Also, you can be the fastest to explain. You don't want it to be somebody who's going to take you 30 minutes to explain. Okay, and some of your secrets are going to be that way. They're going to be more complicated, it's going to take some time to understand. But something easy like which kind of deodorant shoots a potato to far, this is very fast and easy to explain. Okay, so something, you know, my squeeze page says, free video reveals the number one propellant that's going to shoot a potato 10 times further than your competition. You know, then 10 times further than by itself. So then on the next page they say, okay, we tested every kind of hairspray, the best kind is actually right guard deodorant. Okay, that's a secret. Somebody says, man, that's a good idea. Okay, didn't take that long to explain, it was very fast, it was easy. Okay, for W. Dating, Evan Pagan, his secret was the kiss test. Okay, it was very simple and easy to explain, but someone heard it and they had an aha moment. They said, aha, that's easy, that's simple, that's a no brainer, how do I not think of that? Or, aha, that's so easy, you know, that's just an easy thing. So which one of your secrets is the fastest to explain and will give some of that aha moment? Okay, that's who you want to look at. What's that aha moment? Okay, next thing you need to make them hungry for more. So if I just told people, hey, right guard deodorant is going to shoot your player twice as far, but guess what, I've got six other secrets. One of them is going to teach you the right barrel of the chamber volume, one of them is going to teach you this, one of them is going to teach you this, and I break down what these five or 10 or 15 things are, it makes them hungry for more. Okay, they're going to want to buy my free plus shipping offer because they're hungry for more. Okay, so those are all steps you want to make sure that you include in your, in your best secret. The last thing, and this is something I learned from Jimmy D. Brown. You want your secret to be useful but incomplete. Okay, if you give away the farm, they're not going to pay you for anything. Okay, but I'm telling them the right guard deodorant is good, that's going to be a good thing. It's useful but it's incomplete. You still don't know how to build a gun, you don't know the right barrel of the chamber volume, all the rest of that stuff. Okay, so useful but incomplete. Okay, remember that. Hopefully you wrote that one down. That's a big one. Useful but incomplete. Okay, and then next thing, can this drive your other secrets? Okay, can the, can the KISS test drive the rest of the stuff you want to sell? Is it getting somebody to want more of it? Okay, it's important. Okay, so that's your opt-in bait. This is your free thing. So you've gone through this, you've created your system out, you've created, here's the seven sets of my system. If you've got what's the best, what's the one that's going to be an option bait? What's going to get people to want to give you the name and email address for this one free secret? What's the best thing I got? Okay, next thing is creating your offer. The most important part of your offer, unfortunately, is the title. Okay, people do judge a book by its cover. Okay, as much as we tell people we don't, that is a lie. Okay, people, most people, unfortunately, will never go through your content anyway. Okay, most people are going to buy based on the title. So you need to make sure you've got a cool title. Okay, we were in Atlanta two weeks ago. One of the guys out there, kind of after our session, had a book and the book was amazing. I'm sure the content side was phenomenal. The title of his book was horrible. It was the most boring, lame thing I'd ever heard. And all I said is you need to make the title of his book sexy. He's like, yeah, but I don't want to cheapen any scholars content. That doesn't matter. No one will ever see that content unless it has a sexy title. Okay, that is very, very important. I mean, how many books have you guys bought in the past? Let's think about that number. What books have you purchased? Why do you think the four hour work week is selling so well? Okay, I don't think I've ever seen a business book in my life. You know, my business life sold nearly as well as that book. But just the title doesn't sell that book, the four hour work week. Okay, every airport I go to, people are sitting there reading it in the airport. People who don't even care about business or money or anything, they're buying it because the title drove people to it. Okay, the title is the most important thing. So make sure for your offer, for your free CD, for your free DVD, whatever it is, you've got a sexy title. Okay, that's the most, the most important thing is going to drive the whole thing. Okay, the second most important thing is the content. Okay, unfortunately, okay, the content should be with the driver, but it's not when people are purchasing, okay? People buy things, they buy things emotionally and they try to rationalize it logically. Okay, but the truth is that people are buying things emotionally. So you need to touch into that emotion with your title. And then logically, your content needs to be good enough that logically it's getting people to say yes and to subscribe to it to buy the next thing because the content is good. Okay? And your content, you want to structure it in a way that you're going to use that to sell your next big thing. We're going to talk a lot about this when we get the actual creation of the offer. I think that might be either Friday or early next week. I can't remember exactly how far schedule. But we're talking about how to create this offer, okay? So if you're doing a free CD or a free book, it's not just a CD of you talking for a bunch of time. That's not the secret behind it. The way you structure the content on that CD is going to be setting you up for future sales and for immediate sales, okay? So the way you structure the content is very deliberate. There's a head method behind it that you guys need to understand when we're talking about when we get to that portion of it. But you need to use the content on the free offer in a way to sell and to position yourself to build sell things in the future. Okay? Right now, I'm working on a company called Body Evolution. We just hired Matt Hoover and Suzy Hoover. We signed them on as kind of the attractive characters of the gurus of the site. And we're in this exact same process that you guys are in right now. We're creating our front end offer. And what I did, I said, hey Matt, I want you to sit down and create your system ally. You set me the system ally and it was really good. It covered a lot of good stuff. But I said we need to add in these four secrets, these four sections. I said the reason why is because here are the four main things that we're going to be selling with our company, okay? We're going to be selling our daily micro trading programs. Okay? It's one of the core things. We need to make sure we have a chapter in there because that's going to be setting us up for everything else we're doing in our company. Okay? Second thing is that we are going to be eventually selling supplements. Okay? So we need to have a section here talking about supplements, the do's and the don'ts. So when we create our supplements and we launch them, the supplements we created, everything you've taught about, you've preached in this front end product, there are supplements that can easily be the one that says, hey, you know, I've tried all these other ones. Unfortunately, none of them are allowed to my standards, but this one does. Okay? So again, restructuring and the content initially. Okay? We talked about just thinking about the kind of long term is what are the other things you're going to be selling? What is your goal with this? Is it to get people into network marketing programs? Is it to get people to buy a home study course, do live training, to buy something else? What is your end game with this? And you're going to structure the content to match that. Okay? Like I said, we'll talk a lot about that when we get to the offer, to the actual offer development training webinar where we're helping you guys map out and create the actual content. We'll talk more about that and map out a timeline and how it all works. But that's one of the things that is very, very important, is you're using this content to sell the next big thing. Okay? Now, as far as creating the stuff, again, what I recommend to you guys, because we want to get this stuff out fast and easy, so I recommend going to EasyStrat, which is either creating an audio CD or a video CD. Okay? Or excuse me, video DVD. Okay? It's the easiest way to do it. And I recommend it to you guys to do that. Okay? The hardest way is to do a book, but a book if you're going to give you the best conversion. So if you already have a book, I would make your book your free shipping offer because you can get the highest conversions again on a book. Now, if you don't have a book but you still want to do a book, go and find a private label product that you can purchase restyle rights to and you can convert that into a book. Okay? A good example that we, you and Shia, he sold restyle rights to one of his products, probably about four or five months ago, a product called the No Sell System. And for $47, about restyle rights to the product. Okay? And what I did is I took that product, I made it physical, I turned it into a physical book, and it took me like an hour and a half to do the whole thing, and we printed it and I had a physical book, okay, about a purchase restyle rights to somebody else's product. Okay? So if you don't have, I mean, I don't go out, none of you guys should go out and write a book. It's going to take forever. You're going to want to kill me when the process is done because you'll never get done with it. Okay? I've been trying to write a book for four years now, and I still have never got past the table of content. So don't try to write a book, but if you already have a book done, use that, or find a restyle rights product that is good that will match into this whole system you're already teaching and use that for your book. Okay? But if not, create an audio CD because it's fast and it's easy and it'll serve your purposes perfectly for everything you're trying to do. Okay? The premium offer. All right. So that is the core, I'm going to show you some examples now, but that's the core for today. Okay? I want to kind of give you guys a good overview of everything so you have an idea of what we're going to be talking about in this program. But what I want you guys to do is I have actually a homework assignment and a caretaker of the other homework assignment to motivate you guys to take action on it. And then I'll answer some questions afterwards. Here's the homework assignment. Okay? First thing is you need to do some offer research. Okay? So that's going to offer vault.com. That's going to PayPal, or excuse me, to clickbank.com and doing some offer research and finding out which offers are similar to what it is that you're already going to be selling. And look at those things. Look at the way to position them. What's the headline? What's the title? What's the unique selling point? What's the thing that makes it a hard offer versus a soft offer? Look at those kind of things that are already out there in your niche products. Okay? Second thing is I want you to create your seven steps, your seven secrets, your chapter outline. Okay? So step number one is this, step number two is this, step number three is this. Next thing you want to decide, from those seven steps, which one of these is your number one secret? Okay? If you're at which one of these steps is going to be your number one secret? And then you need to get your mini site design. If some of you guys ask about the templates, you can use the templates for this if you want, but I recommend getting your mini site design. I'll talk about that here in one second. And then that last thing is go into the members area. I want you to submit all these things for me. I want you to submit just one thing, basically say number one, Russell. I did my offer research. Here's three or four offers that are similar to what I'm trying to do. Number two, here's my seven steps. Number three, here's my number one step I'm using for my free video. And number four, here's where I'm getting my mini site design. And submit that along with your name and your address. I'm going to be actually mailing it in the next 24 to 48 hours. But the next 48 hours, you complete these five steps, submit to me in the members area with your address, make sure you have your address, the tabs to it. I will be sending you a gift in the mail. So this is the carrot to get you guys to do your homework as quick as possible. Again, I am trying to get you guys to be successful as fast as possible. I'm going to be mailing you guys a gift if you submit this to me in the next 24 to 48 hours. So go fast so I can mail you this really cool gift I have for all of you guys. Okay? So let me jump right here. I'm going to actually jump off the PowerPoint. I'm going to show you guys exactly what I'm looking for you to do. Okay? Step number one, again, doing your market research. Go to Quick Bank and go to Quick Bank and go to offervolve.com. Okay? And again, here's actually, here's the members area that you guys should have access to. Let me just log in real quick. If you scroll down here, you'll see I uploaded here. Here's the PDF. It has all these different niches I'm talking about. Here's actually a homework assignment who's going to read it again. You can print it out there. Let me shrink this down a little bit if I can. Okay, I'm going to shrink that page. There you go. So there's your list of the PDF of all the niches. Here's your homework assignment. This is where you can come right here. This is where you submit the whole thing. So, hey Russell, I think you're really cool. Some of it, you know, I think you're cool. And then tell me, here's my stuff. First, and then tell me everything. Second, and then say, please ship my prize here. And then give me your address. Russell Brunson address. Then click submit. And that actually will come directly to my email box. Okay? So I will have that and I will look at your process, make sure you're doing it. If you do, I'll send you the. Okay? All right. So, again, the first step of the homework process was doing your off research. Second thing is creating your seven step outline. So, again, do some research, go to the forums, whatever you need to do to get, figure out what your seven steps are going to be. Figure out which one is going to be the number one secret for you. And then next is get your mini site design. Okay? Some of you guys again are going to not want to get a mini site design. This is one of the things I recommend. You can use my templates. They're good. But you should get your own mini site design. It's going to make you much more unique. So this is how I get my mini site. I actually hired in the last, in the last week I've hired six different designers to do 14 different mini sites for me. Okay? A couple ways you, and what a mini site is basically, let me show you a mini site. Well, actually I'll just show you here. So if you go to Google, type in eCover Designers or eCover Design, whichever one you want, click submit. Let me pull this page out a little bit. So let's Google type the eCover Design. There's a whole bunch of designers here. Okay? And you'll actually see the ones I'm clicking on here. So let's just say, again, I'm not going to tell you where to hire a good designer. There's tons of them out there. The problem is that usually it's one or two guys, and when they get backlogged and they basically say, hey, we're sold out right now. Like this guy right here, eCoverDesigns.com, you know, since headlines. I'm sorry, we're closed for a moment. Please check back later because they get overloaded. So if I tell you guys, all you guys who are on this all 50 of you, just say, you know, go this one website designer, he's not going to be able to get all your stuff done. So I'm not going to give you one list. So go type in eCover Design or eCover Design into Google and scroll through here and find one that you like as design. So let's say I'm going to go to, I'm going to use this guy, PixelisGenius.com, because I actually just gave him six projects. He's pretty packed up right now. So I wouldn't use him. You can use him if you want, but he's got six of my projects that he's doing right now. And he's got a few samples of the sites. So here's one of his sites. And what a mini site is, basically a header, graphic, and a box of what, you know, it's like your free CD looks like. Maybe this is your free CD. And usually I can buy an out button or something like that. That's what a mini site is, okay? This is an example of one of his mini sites. You scroll through here, look at some other ones. Here's another one of his mini sites he created for somebody. Okay, so what you do is you just create, you're just finding, getting a mini site, so a header and a product in his shop. Okay, now what this is usually going to cost you is something that is worth the investment. Different designers can cost different amounts of money. Let's just see this guy right here. Let's see if I can find his prices. Okay, ecoverbox.com. I don't know who's, I don't think I've ever hired, nope, I don't know this person, but you click on mini site packages, his packages for, for just, ecover is $57 for a header, a footer, a background, and an ecover, it's $97. That's actually a really good price, $97 is going to create all that for you. This is $147, he gets a couple more things, $197, depending on which package you get from this guy. Okay, next thing you can do, I mean, I would, like I said, I would go through, I just try to find, go to a couple of these different people's sites and find which one designer you like and find out, you know, how much he's going to cost. This one right here, see how much their services are. See an ebook cover for $67, a header for $67, a banner for $20. I probably want to at least a header, a footer, and a cover, so about $157. Okay, so what I'm trying to do with this is just, how do you guys know it? Just go out there and search for somebody that you like and then hire them. It's going to cost you $200 for, to get a designer to design this for you. Okay, but find someone who can do it fast, who can do it next two or three days, because you don't want to be waiting for next six months on this. Okay, but to be able to talk to this guy, you need to be able to tell him, hey, this is my, my, my product, so he called, how to lose, how to increase your golf score by 50 points in the next six minutes, okay, so he can put that on the cover. So, and make sure they cover, you know, if it's a CD, they create a CD cover and then a header and a footer graphic. Okay, again, anyway, that's the kind of showing stuff. Next thing you can do, this is another good site. If you want a lot of options, the one problem you have when you hire just one designer is that if you don't like their design, you start to pay them $150. This is a site we use a lot right now called 99designs.com, and what you do is you basically post the contest and then designers from all around the world will come and they'll, they'll design it and you pick which one did the best job and you just pay that one person, okay. So, the, the bad part about this is you're probably going to spend a little bit more money. It's probably going to be $400 to $500 for a mini site. The good thing is you're going to get 50 to 60 or 70 designers all designing it and you just pick whichever one's best and just pay that one person, okay. So, you get a lot more looks, a lot more, a lot more feel and you can get a really good design and we like to, we post logos on here, we post header footers, mini sites, all sorts of stuff here and get tons of designers to create stuff for me, okay. It's a very simple process, create an account, launch a contest and it's very fast. Usually you can get, usually I'll post a project and within three or four hours I'll have five or ten different designs already done. So, it can be, again, this is something you can get done very, very quickly. And the more you bid, the more people are going to work on it, okay. So, for example, this guy here is paying $1,200. He's probably got a whole bunch of designers who are, who are, yes. Here's all these people that are all designing different sites for him. Because he's like, they know they're going to $1,200 if they pick it. This is an amazing design he's got here. I don't think he has to see this very well. But these designs are amazing and he's got, looks like 149 different designers have done versions of the site for him and haven't cost him a penny yet, okay. He eliminates the ones he doesn't like, picks which ones he doesn't like and eventually he'll pick the perfect site and it costs him a lot of money. But man, he had 150 different designers all developing it. Okay, if you were to hire 150 designers to work on a logo concept for you normally then it's going to be $50,000, $60,000 project. Okay, you get done for $1,200 or $275, $200. It's a little more expensive but you get a lot more ability to get exactly what you want through this, okay. But you're going to recommend getting a mini site designed before our next call because that's going to be one of the processes that take you long as you're getting your site up and running, okay. And again, so that's kind of the homework. Those four things, log in the members area, submit it to me and let's pull this up again. So submit it to me as quick as you can and that's kind of it for today. So I'm going to go through your questions. We have a bunch of questions that are here. Brett, are you on the line right now? I'm sure Brett's still here or not. Yes, I am. Oh, cool. Do we have any questions that you see that we haven't answered yet that we should jump back into real quick? Yeah, there's a few here that I've been creating on my little list here. Okay, cool. Okay. Question. The question is how do I get video on the squeeze page? Okay, that's a good question. The easiest way, excuse me, there's a site called Viddler. Let me see if I can pull it up. This is what we're using now. We used to use YouTube and stuff, but Viddler is a lot easier to use and it lets you put in your own stuff. It's free to use. You create an account. You create your video, upload it to Viddler. It'll give you an embed code. You copy, you paste on your squeeze page and the video pops up. Okay. I'll make a couple videos just showing you guys basic stuff. It's how to get the video uploaded, how to put it on the squeeze page and just make it really simple so you can see the process. But it's really easy. Like I said, it's completely free. And I think Viddler has the ability to make an autoplay too. So soon as the server site starts playing automatically, all that kind of stuff. Okay. Awesome. Okay, next question. This is from Chris. He says, what do we use for a shopping cart or payment system? What do we do when someone can't fold? Great questions. There are a lot of shopping carts out there. The one we use is actually our own, we use our own internal one that we've been creating for the last two years, which hopefully in the next six months or so we're going to be launching as a service that people can use. Do not wait for my service because if you wait for six months to launch your project, I am going to come and find you in the alley, okay? So don't, don't wait on that. Well, I recommend, there's two services I recommend. You can use pretty much out of the box today to be able to do most of the microcontinuity program stuff. One of them is going to be easier but not have quite as much features. And one of them is a little more complicated but you get a lot more features. So it depends on how much, you know, if you like getting, digging in, figuring stuff out if you want something simple, okay? The easiest one to use is pay.com. Pay.com.com. It's free to sign up for. You can do a continuity. It does it all through PayPal though, but you can do continuity. You can do all that kind of stuff. Okay, and it depends on how to cancel it can be, it depends on how complicated you want to get. So you just want to have someone for you or someone that works for you log in each day and see who canceled the PayPal subscription. If they cancel the PayPal subscriptions, you log into your auto responder account and you delete their name from the auto responder list. That's basically how all you have to do to cancel the person. If you want to get complicated, you can set up an IP add with PayPal and they ping back the notification if someone cancels and it automatically updates your script and a bunch of stuff. But I would not probably do that. I'd rather almost let someone just keep the access for free than trying to figure out how that thing works. So pay.com is the easy one. The other one that gives you a lot more features and functionality and it actually gives you auto responders, that kind of stuff is one shopping cart. Now there's one shopping cart, it's not my favorite in the world, but it'll do most everything that you guys need and it's probably the best out there right now for what you guys need until our service is finished unfortunately. But one shopping cart.com, it does the merchanting. It'll do the residuals, the microcontinuity billing. It'll do your affiliate program. It has your auto responders. It has everything you need like that all in one system. I think it's $80 a month or something like that. So it's kind of, it's not super cheap, but it's, it'll give you pretty much everything you need. So that's what I would recommend for the quickest way to get started with those two services. Great. Okay, next question. You were talking about the researching and. Oh, real quick. Sorry, can I jump in one more thing real quick? Sorry, I apologize. I was going to say the other option if you want to do digital is using ClickBank. ClickBank will do recurring. It'll do pretty much everything. It'll do all the recurring stuff you need. It'll do, the one problem is you can't do a free plus shipping offer because it has to be digital, but you can do a, you know, a $2 or $3 trial I believe and stuff like that. So that's the other one I want to throw in there as well. Sorry. Excellent. No problem. Okay, so you're showing the research stuff. And someone said Russell, what is a CPA offer? Okay, CPA offer, that's a good question. A CPA offer, what CPA stands for is cost per acquisition. So basically where it's an affiliate offer. Now, nice thing about CPA now is let me see if I can just pull up one real quick. Let me see. So offer lab, or excuse me, offer vault. So here's a whole bunch. Let's see what's going to be the best one for me to be able to show you guys an example. Let's do ROI rocket. Okay, so ROIrocket.com, this is a CPA network. It's basically what a CPA network is just an affiliate network, just like Clickbank or any of these other networks. The difference between the most CPA networks is they actually pay you a lot higher commissions. So on a free plus shipping offer, as an affiliate, if you promote one of their offers, you might make, they might pay you $20 or $30 for a free CD you give away. So it's a really good thing for affiliates to be able to make a lot more money. Like you're making basically more than 100% commission for the sales you're making in here. So that's what a CPA network is. The CPA offers, let me, I hope I can show some offers here. So I can pull them up. Here's one. Quick cash from craigslist.com. This is a CPA offer. Okay, the offer is how to make money on Craigslist. As an affiliate, if you promote this, I think you make $30 for every person that orders this free product. Okay, so this is an offer page. Okay, if you want to see some of my offer pages. See, not that strong page. You never find it right when you need it. That's the worst part. There we go, free. Okay, this is where my offer page is. It looks really bad on my monitor. Let me shrink this down so that you guys can, we're getting that decided to fix that right now. This is one of my offers. So here's my free DVD offer. It's basically, it's like CPA offers just like an offer, just like you're creating right now. You guys are all creating offers. And you can, in the future, put it in CPA networks as well. That's what I call CPA offers. But it's just basically an offer where you're giving away something, you're selling something and that's kind of format. Does that kind of answer the question? You think Brent, hopefully? Yeah, I think just examples of other products that are being sold on the internet. Like you just showed some good examples. Okay, good, good. Awesome. Russell Rachel says, she loves your weird creative mind. You inspire her to have fun with this. When you're talking about your potato gun example. So she's really bad about that. Well, good, good. Well, the best thing too is like, a lot of people get nervous. So they want to make things seem very professional and very corporate-y and stuff like that. But that's all people are looking for on the internet. Okay? You look at what are the things that are blown up in the industry. You know, YouTube, you know, things like that where people have the ability to express themselves. And that's what people want nowadays. They don't want professional video. They want YouTube videos. They want, they want you. They want your personality. And so have fun with this kind of stuff. Don't, don't think that everything is going to be perfect. Just think that, you know, people are going to be attracted to you and your personality. If you're fun, you're exciting, you, you tell good stories. That's what people want. So definitely have fun with this kind of stuff. Don't make it boring. Don't make it, you know, again, people don't buy boring stuff. They buy stuff people they like. They, people that they, that they can relate to. So the more fun you can have with it, the better it's going to be for, first off, for, for you to create something a lot more fun. And second, more people are going to want to listen to you if you're a lot of fun. I mean, a good example of that is Frank Kern. I mean, Frank Kern, as far as marketers in, in, in this industry go, there are a few people that do it as well as him. I mean, he, guy is amazing because he's very, I mean, he's had fun out there. I mean, his old sales process last time, he was driving around in a car, hanging out on the beach and showing, you know, one or two little things. They made $5 million and 36 hours selling, you know, that. I mean, it's, it's, that's what people want is your personality. So the more that you can bring out, the more successfully you're going to be with this whole system. Awesome. Okay. Justin says, he says, does it matter if some of the secrets that would be included in the free plus shipping offer DVD will be sent? Okay. Sorry. It doesn't matter if some of the secrets, I think, you know, the, the, the option information. So the seven secrets to blah, blah, blah. Does it matter if that, that's duplicate information that's on the free DVD that's going, that's being sent? No, no, not at all. In fact, this is the first thing. If you look at our free DVD offer, I basically, I mean, this is before I do the right way to create an offer and we gave everything where it basically has two hour presentation to be laying out everything you need to know about how to make money on the Internet. Okay. And the funny thing is that everyone of our products, I mean, similar contents every single, I mean, our $10,000 book counselor and boys, they have teaching the exact same content we taught on that free DVD. It's just the way we structure it, how much more in depth we can get, you know, we're teaching a lot more stuff. And so, no, it's not a problem if, if, you know, you share four or five secrets on, you know, something on a free front and you can also have the same things in your back end product, you can have it in different places. Just how you, your recyclability, reusing the content, reteaching it, repurposing it. There's definitely not a problem about it at all. Okay, awesome. Okay. John says, will there be information about how to attract others to create the content for you and how can we pay them commissions? Yeah, we talked about that. In fact, I'll show some case studies and stuff we did. And we've got some of our microcontinuity sites as we did in the online market of the year, we did a real stable market of the year, network market of the year. We're just taking all that content we already created and turning it into microcontinuity sites. So you guys, we'll show you on some of the case studies how to do that. But it's really, I mean, pretty easy. Mostly guys who you're getting content from, they are not looking to make money off. They're looking to spread their brand to get their face more out there in the public. And that's usually what you're trading. You can say, I have this vehicle where I can, you know, I'm going to be selling this thing and I would love to put your face on it and you're going to get credibility and that kind of stuff. And most of the guys I've ever done interviews with, that's what they're looking for. And that's what we usually offer them. That's what they take. So that's usually the easiest way to do it. Great. Okay, another question. Russell, who do you use to print books? Great question. The company we use is, and pull up right here, 48HRBooks.com. So this is the company we use. Like I said, 48HourBooks.com. Nice thing is you send them your book. I mean, you basically email them PDF, email them the graphics. You click a button. You pay them. And within 48 hours, they will print and ship the books. With 48 hours, the books will be on a U-Haul or on a FedEx coming to your office. And then you can order like 100 at a time. You might be able to be smaller orders, I'm not sure. But you can order very small quantities and it's not that expensive, just depending on how many pages you have, all that kind of stuff. So for books, that's what we use almost for all of our books. It's 48HourBooks. And we love them. We're very happy with them. For CDs and DVDs, we used to use a company called Kunaki. We also used to recommend, but they are booked up until April or May. So even if you want to use Kunaki, you can't. We have a resource of a guy locally that we're using that I'm going to be bringing in will have at the members area soon, his whole contact information. And he can help you guys do the CDs on demand, CDs and DVDs if you guys want. He can actually do fulfillment and shipping for you as well. So I'll have this information here by the end of the week. I'm actually going to launch him on Thursday and getting all the information for you guys from him to see how you guys can team up with him if you want him to do your CDs and DVD production and fulfillment, he actually ships them for you as well. Awesome. Good information. Okay. Next question. You're showing the examples for the mini sites. Someone says, what are the header cover footer for you in this process? They're confused because, you know, previously you hadn't talked about mini sites and why that's important. Oh yeah, not a problem. Great question. I'm glad you brought that up. Basically, come back here on your, on your squeeze page. So here's your squeeze page. This is a very generic template. Like these are the kind of templates I'm going to be giving you guys where it's very generic. There's, you know, it's just a generic template. And the only thing that's on there is your headline, your video. And these work well, like I said. But I like having, I don't know, I really personally like having product shots, especially if I create more than one site because I want, you can take a look at that. So you can create, like let me just show you. This is just basically, this right here, we've had someone create, you know, the header, the kind of the footer and then, here's the product shot right here. So here's the product shot, the header and the footer. And that was, you know, that kind of helps you in the sales process. You don't have to have it. You just can definitely, with the templates we're giving you. But if you want to have a kind of site that looks like it's your own and it has your own product shot and that kind of stuff on it, that's what, that's kind of what you're paying for. Okay. And you can use it, use this for your squeeze page. In fact, if you go here, here's another version of the landing pages. Most of you guys probably haven't seen. This is the same product. Like we just did a different mini site. So a different header, same product shot and it's just structured a little different. So we're testing out different things like that. So that's kind of what the mini site is. And again, you don't have to have it for this process. But I think a lot of you guys will want to use it and just want to give you guys the tools to be able to do that. Because like for all my sites, I have my own little mini site to kind of go with it. Awesome. Okay. Adam says, where is the best place to find a product to purchase for resale rights? Oh, there are tons of them. The best thing to do, if you go to Google, ask just what I would do. If I was you guys, I don't have my fill links. I'm just going to give you guys direct link. This shows you how much I recommend them. Nitchology.com. This guy, Paul Evans, first off, he is awesome. Second off, Nitchology has been around forever. And they give you, it's been around for probably five or six years. And every single month they give you two new products. They give you the sale letter form in like a raw format. They give you like a book, like the whole book format. It's like 50 or 60, 80 page books and like that. And you add some graphics and you can go and you can, they call them, they're products in the rough. So they're rough products you can take and use all the content to put into a book. You've got the baseline of sales. There's a lot of work that's already done for you. I think it's 40 or 50 or 60 bucks a month. And every month they give you two new products. So right now you can log in here, create an account. You could have a new microcontinuity site. Every month you get two new microcontinuity front end products created. And these are all different niches. Like one time, in fact, my dad built the whole business off one Nitchology product. It was how to overcome hair loss, I believe. He took the book, took the sales letter, took the graphics and kind of customized it as his own product. So there's tons of products in Nitchology that you can use this whole process for. And then tons of different niches. Nitchology is awesome. I wish I owned the site because it's very, very cool. Someone out here said, any ruffle, thanks for showing my site as an example. Oh, is Paul out there? No, Johnny was on here. You showed one of his sites. Oh, cool. Yeah. Let's see here. Michael says, he says, I know you recommended a fixed term for the continuity site. He says, I'm considering a 12 month fixed term site. And if I only have seven secrets, then what would only be for seven months? If I shared one secret a month, how do I stretch that seven secrets to 12? Great question. Now, I don't know what niche you're in. So that could depend. But let's say you have seven secrets. And especially, all my sites, I'm going to be contacting people every single week. Because I think it reminds people of getting paid and getting content every single week. So I'm going to be contacting weeklys. But the thing I think if I have seven secrets, I won't contact them weekly. I don't want them to be around seven weeks. So what you do is you stagger. It's one week you give them, here's the training on, here's how you do secret number one. Here's the big secret about. Then a week later, you say, hey, a lot of you guys ask questions about, here's some more information about that secret. Or here's some case studies of it. And then a week later, excuse me, you can share some more. And you can talk about, you don't have to give every single secret week to week to week. You can expand upon one or give more resources. Here's some more ideas. Here's another video I made showing other people they're doing this. You kind of break it up into different things like that. So you can make one secret last for five or six or seven different training sessions. That could be a month and a half. Hopefully that makes sense. But you don't have to just give away everything at once. And most of the time, this is what is kind of funny for me. I always think that everyone, you share something, they get all the information, and they just have it. The way most people learn is through repetition. So you say, here's the secret. And then here's how it works. The next day, hey, your last week we talked about secret. Here's some ways you can implement it. And then next week later, here's some ways you implement it. Here's the actual case that people have done it. You kind of keep digging deeper and deeper into what they're doing. Okay? And dig deeper into the secret. Give them more resources. Here's 10 tools that will help you do that faster or better, that kind of stuff. Does that make sense? Yeah, absolutely. Okay, this is good. Leslie, she says, Russell, will you write the names of these sites that you're recommending? Oh, definitely, yeah. We'll put them down in the members area. Some of these sites, see if it's going to have access to them. Okay, and Rachel follows up. She says, Russell said that he would suggest sample squeeze pages for us. Are you going to put that in the members side also? Or are you going to? Yeah, what I'm going to be doing, the way that you guys look at the members area, the way it's broken out is we have six live trains like this, and then I'll be doing six video trains. And probably end up being more than that, a minimum of six video trains. Me kind of showing deep, you know, a lot more detail of actually case to case how it works. Here's why they did this, where they did that kind of stuff. So we talked about that kind of stuff. And then I'll put in the resources, the templates, that kind of stuff in there as well. And all this stuff I'm talking about, we'll keep adding it to the members area. The members area now is not pretty. I told you that inside of it. We'll eventually make a nice graphic. I just wanted to have a place for you guys to be logging in to get all the resources we're talking about, the videos, have everything archived in there. And so it'll be prettier in three weeks from now. But the thing I wanted to get going fast, and that's, again, what I want to recommend for you guys, don't wait to launch your project until it's perfect. Okay, you guys know, we launched this project, we made a ton of money with it. We're now fulfilling it. And the membership site is not pretty. Okay, and I don't care. And you guys shouldn't care because you're getting the content. And that's what you need to do is don't wait until everything's perfect to launch your project. Get them done and perfect them along the way. And people will appreciate it because people want your information now. They want to wait for, you know, until it's perfect. And the problem most people have is they keep waiting until it's perfect and they never get it done. They never get it out there. And that's usually why most people are not making their money. So make sure you get it out there fast, perfect it along the way. And you'll see that's, I mean, that's the way I work. You should notice that the membership site is not beautiful. But the content's in there and you guys will get everything you need from that. And we'll make it pretty. I got a guy designing a site for it right now. And we'll come back through and add the template to it. But for now, it's giving you guys exactly what you need. And we'll purify it later. Okay, so look at that way. You know, getting things out there before you get them perfect. That's really a key to this whole thing. Great. Okay, Michael, he says, could you suggest a suitable autoresponder for the squeeze page? Yeah, definitely. There are two autoresponder companies I recommend that I use. First one is Aweber.com. I'll pull that up. And the second one is iContact.com. So this is Aweber.com right here. This is iContact.com. Both these sites, both these companies have really good email deliverability. Do a nice thing about iContact. My favorite thing about iContact, and I was there, the only company that has good deliverability that actually allows you to import lists. If you had a list in another autoresponder that you don't like anymore, it's not working well, you can import your list here and you don't have to double opt in. Aweber and everywhere else makes you double opt in. That's where the big key to iContact allows you to do that. And so you have a lot more flexibility with that. Great. Okay, Charles says, what graphic parts do we need for the mini site? Okay, great question. You need three things you need. Let me click here. Oh, I hate people that are little pop-up things. Okay, you need a header. I'm going to header. And normally, sometimes if somebody's a header, they always make a footer. What's here is it's going to be the bottom of the footer. It's basically just the bottom part that kind of matches it. And then you need a product shop. So if you make a free CD, make a free CD product shop. If you need a book, do a book product shop. That's basically all you need. Let me see if I can find Stephen Pierce's make real money on the internet. His is a little different, but it's pretty close to a microcontinuity model. Okay, he's got a header right here, which I personally don't like his header, but he's making a ton of money with this offer if she showed me. So he doesn't always have to look that pretty, but he's got his header right here. He's got his product shot of the free book right here. And that's basically all you really need. So product shot and the header, and you can have a footer. Most of the guys are going to give you a footer that kind of come with it standard. His footer is just that. So that's all you really need. And they'll try to up-study on it. You want testimonial boxes, not-to-boxes. You don't need other stuff. All you need is a header, footer, and a product shot. Great. Okay, who do you use to design book covers for real printed books? Same thing. Nine-Nine Designs. In fact, David Lacanee has published a new book. He threw up on Nine-Nine Designs. They designed the whole book cover form. He had, again, 100 designers designing the book cover form. He picked the one he liked. Most designs, if I do not know, they go to Nine-Nine Designs. Just because, again, you get, you're not tied into one designer's idea of what looks good. You've got hundreds of people that can design for you. So book covers, I do that. But the same thing with this. This is Stephen Pierce's book cover on this. It's just a graphical book. So your Mayside designer can design the book cover like that really, really easy. If you want a real book cover where you've got all the stuff that more book covers want, I'd probably go somewhere like Nine-Nine Designs. Great. Okay, let's see here. Who can you use to drop ship a book or a DVD? I will, like I said, for DVDs, the company we used to recommend was Konaki.com. Konaki did not take any more orders until April or May, I believe. So I wouldn't recommend them for right now. I'm going to lunch with a guy on Thursday who does a lot of our fulfillment. I'm getting all the contact information the way you guys can communicate with him. They do fulfillment and he does CD production. If you want to print 40-hour books and have 48-hour books shipped to him, he'll do the fulfillment for you. I will have that information to members already before the end of the week with his phone numbers, contact information, all that kind of stuff so you guys can contact them. I said they do all of our fulfillment right now. And so they're very good and very cheap. Okay, you're actually a whole bunch of stuff. Okay, does Russell recommend using exit pops, flyovers, etc.? Great question. I cannot stand exit pops, but they work very, very well. So we're going back right now. We actually had a meeting just today about that. Because what we do with our analytics, you can see how many people are opting into a page and you still see, you know, 70% of people left your page. And so it's always good to add things like that to help keep people around. The ones that I hate right now, those ones that pop up to have a little like, you know, chat with me here, but everyone I know using those things, they work amazing. Let me show you an example of this. So commissionblueprint.com, this product by the way sells amazingly. So it's a good offer to look at how they structure things. Commissionblueprint.com. If I try to leave the page, this whole thing pops up. If I were to have a special offer for you, I can get, say, $10 if I go to this process. And this thing right here is really counterintuitive the way this thing works. And I always get confused. I can't remember if I'm supposed to push OK or cancel. Whatever I push, then she, oh yeah, set this thing up then. Set this cancel, then she offers you $10 discount. And those kind of things, they kind of work very, very, very well. So we're adding them right now to our squeeze pages and our sales pages, the exit things to keep somebody from when they're leaving. And there's companies out there that do, like if you go to, again, go to commissionblueprint. And when you leave, you'll see, I don't know if you can see this. I'm just going to zoom in. Also, let me zoom in. If you click on the little thing underneath, the thing that's powered by VSA, you click on that, it'll show you the company they use to use the virtual system. And I think you pay a monthly fee and you can use them for your sites as well. Awesome. OK, another question here. These are really good questions. What kind of site, Russell, are you looking for to promote as a case study? Is it something internet marketing related, unrelated, or does it matter? For my own list, it needs to be something that would make sense to my list. Like, I probably want to get to my list like a dieting product. But again, if you are in a different niche, I will try to find partners. I'm pretty connected in most of the major industries. I have people I can try to hook you up with. But for my list, something that would make sense to my list, something that somehow relates back to what I'm already talking about, saying here's a good product that teaches you how to do business structure, how to do, you know, create your own websites or whatever it might be as long as it relates to my audience. OK, next question. When we get a mini site design, will it be like a template we just open in DreamMover? Or will we likely get graphics and files and we have to figure out how to get them on the site ourselves? Another good question. They will usually give you back the graphic files. And what I normally do, especially before we had people in-house that did stuff, they knew how to do stuff, and I'll talk about it. We'll do a webinar showing you guys, I'll do a video just showing you how to upload these graphics to an actual site. It's not, it's really pretty simple. But you can even tell us, hey, here's my hosting account. Can you just upload it to my site or that kind of stuff? But we'll do some training showing you how to set up a website when you get the graphics back. They're going to send you back basically like a header graphic, a footer graphic, and your product shots. It's going to be like three images. And I'll do a whole training showing you. I have, like I said, I hire six designers through 12 different designs in the last two or three days. So I should be getting back all my designs this week. And so I'll show you guys the process I go through to upload them to my site, how to do it, and then you guys can just model on yours as well. It's really, especially you can use sites like again, like WeBleed.com, free website editor, WeBleed.com. And you can upload your images there and have your mini site on their site as well. So there's easy ways to do it and we'll make sure you guys learn the ways to do it and make it so you don't have to go and become a computer programmer and not have to pay a fortune hiring a programmer either to do it for you. Great. Okay, just in kind of the fall with that, Michael asks, in putting up a website, who do you use for hosting and who do you recommend we use for hosting? A lot of good hosting companies, the company that we use, I'll put right here, blackwirehosting.com. In fact, we just had Greg from Blackwire out here, our office last week. They do a really good job, really good customer. If you call that phone number here, usually Greg or one of his family members answers the phone, really good customer support. That's who we use to recommend Blackwire Hosting. And the other thing I have here is a 90-second website builder. This is one of the greatest products for building a website in the world, just so you guys know. And if you get hosting through them, you get a free copy of it. This is like that if you guys can get the software, like I don't care how bad you are technically, you can make a website with this software. If not, then I mean it's the easiest thing in the world. And your main site, you can plug them into the software. Like I said, this is probably the, I don't have to say enough, the easiest and the best software for creating websites and you can build them fast. Like I said, 90-second website builder is the name of it and you get it for free if you're hosting through them. So, in fact, we're working with Greg's daughter right now to make a microcontinuity program where the front-end offer is the software. So kind of, kind of interesting. You guys will see, probably see theirs as the case. In fact, they might even be on the call right now as well. They might be watching the recording, I'm not sure. But you'll see theirs as the case study of using a microcontinuity. Again, their front-end offer is a free website. You get a free website and then their upsell is you need this web builder to actually, if you want to edit the website at all, here's the web builder for $97 or whatever they're going to upsell it for. So they're going to be using the microcontinuity model to sell the software as well. Great. Greg says, he says, so if we use Nicheology and we get the sales letter, the book, et cetera, what do we use for the microcontinuity part? That's a good thing. I would make sure that it's a niche that you're at least interested in. I think often you can create the training programs or hire someone to create the training programs with it. But let's say, let's say, let's log in. Where'd it go? All I get, I'll show you how it kind of works. So I'm going to log in. Okay. And right here on the, let me zoom in again. So PITR, products in the rough. These are all your private label products. So for example, 2009, here's our product 2009, 100 ways to master metabolism, panic button, stop anxiety, and panic. How to live a motivated and goal-direct life. So this is a bad experience. How to live a motivated goal-direct life. I'm going to see, I can actually open the product. So I'm going to open this product. This is the actual product that you get. Hopefully I can open it real quick and show you. What I'll do is I'll go through and let's say, I'm betting, I don't know for sure, but I'm betting this product probably has the table of contents already. And so I'm hoping it does. So it makes me look good. Oh, perfect. Got a table of contents already. So it's got one, two, three, four, five things it teaches about. So it's short books on 29 pages. This would be a great free plus shipping offer is this book. And if you don't want to put a book, you could put it on CD and Mail Out too as well. Okay. And I got one, two, three, four, five things. So I just, I'd read this chapter right here. Chapter number one is understanding the secrets of success. And I would go out there and I would create one or two or three weeks of me teaching that through videos. Week number one. Okay. Here's understanding the secrets of success. Week number two, here's some cases of people who are successful in the strategies they've used. You know, week number three is whatever. And then, you know, week number four, I'd go to chapter two, planning for success. I'd turn that into my microcontinuity and so on and so forth. So I'd take this book, I'd read it, I'd learn what it is, and I would just have myself kind of reteaching, re-positioning the content through video or through audio for my weekly microcontinuity program. Does that make sense hopefully? Yep, that works. Okay. Well, I said, Tim, just tell me if you can log into the membership site. Where can he or anybody else go to get access to the home account or good stuff? If you don't have access, I would go to our help desk and just let Nicole know. I sent out a couple emails. If he has gotten this email, he should have. In the email he got for this webinar, I had the link to be able to create an account in that member's area. So check that email. And the way you can log in is just go to microcontinuity.comsecrets.com and at the top there's the member's login link here. So if you've already created an account, log in there. If you try to create an account or you forgot your account or you don't have an account, just contact our support desk, which is customerhelpdesk.org. Let me pull that up. Let's see. And just tell Nicole that I was on the training and I can't find, again, it's our customer support desk. You can't find my login. It'll send you the link to be able to create your account for the page. But again, if you get it on this webinar, just check the email you signed up for this webinar because there's a link that gives you an account here as well. So you should have both. Awesome. Just a couple more questions here. Some people who actually came in late on the webinar today, Russell, how soon are they going to be able to see that replay link? I will upload the replay as soon as they hang up and have to go to the webinar. It just takes about an hour and then it should be available. And basically go back to the registration link and it'll take you directly to the replay link. And then my brother's going to be taking the video and making it like a flash video. I'm throwing it in the member's area. First thing tomorrow. Tomorrow is the latest. Tomorrow afternoon by the latest, you guys will have it all in the member's area. Excellent. Okay. He says thanks. Okay. It looks like the last question. People are really anxious to want to know, Russell. It says, let's see here. Can you give us an idea of what niche you're in so that we can pick something that has a good chance of being mailed by you? Good question. I would say anything related to entrepreneurs, making money, business, those kind of things are the ones I've got listed. So real estate, stock, money, those kind of things, we've got the best chance of it. So I look at those kind of things. And not just how to make money, but even things that are kind of accessories to that. Like most of my work, I'm creating right now, they aren't so much like how to make money on the Internet. How to do one topic. How to get social media. How to get listed on Google for just little things like that. We're not trying to be all things all people making little things. So figure out how to create a website 24 hours in the last year. How to use an email, how to make money with an email autoresponder. How to become a joint venture broker. Things like that. Find just one topic that's unique that you can create your whole microcontinue program around. And again, being unique is the biggest thing. Don't create the same kind of program every other time. Find something unique that you know about or that you can learn about or you can interview people about that's different. It's going to be kind of a sexy hook. The right email on my list, I say, hey, this is a cool idea that you probably haven't thought about. This is a really unique thing. Okay, it's funny when we promote different offers, the ones that do the best always ones have some kind of unique twist, unique spin. I mean, internally our best product launch we've ever done is the 12-month Internet Millionaire because it had a good story behind it. I want to make sure that you offer your product that some kind of good story because that doesn't get people that want to promote it, getting people to purchase it. And so figure out what's your story, what's your hook, what's your angle, what's the big thing that's different or sexy or exciting about what you're selling versus what everyone else is selling. Great. It looks like one more, two more questions came in for the same thing. It says during the sales presentation you mentioned that you would create a microcontinuity site for everybody who purchased it. Yes, we are. And you can work in what niche it is in. Great question. We are creating a microcontinuity site called Internet Marketing 4 and then we're leaving it blank after that. And you guys can take that and you can brand it. Internet Marketing 4 real estate is for dentists, for chiropractors, for doctors, for whoever you want. It's going to be a 52-week training program. We're going to have 52 training modules. It's going to take us a while to build it. So don't hold your breath fast. It's going to be, I would say, probably six weeks before that's built and we want to get your sites up faster. So you'll definitely get access to that. You'll have the rights to sell it, keep all the profits. It'll give you the ability to be able to segment it so you can sell it in whatever industry you want. That's kind of why we did it so that we don't have 50,000 people selling the exact same microcontinuity site. So you guys can take it, brand it and niche it down to whatever niche you want to go into with it. Great. People say thanks a lot. This is great. Awesome. Well, you guys, we appreciate you guys being on this webinar. Again, that was number one. Look for this week. I'll be posting a bunch more information. I think we'll have another training later on this week as well. So I'll keep putting content inside of members area, giving you some good stuff. The big things you guys do your homework assignment, post it as quick as possible because I want to send you guys the gifts that I have for you in the mail. Make sure you post your address. Just like I said, you've got about 48 hours from now to post that in there if you want me to send you out the gift. So take action fast. You should have this process moving forward. Again, if you guys follow these steps like I'm talking about, if you do the homework each night, you will have the site ready to launch and making money within the three-week period of time. So with less than a month, you'll have your entire thing up and ready. And if you're doing it right, money should be coming in. So get me this stuff back as quick as you can. And we'll see you guys again later on this week. Thanks again for being part of this. Thanks for guys investing in this program. Again, I'm just excited for all of you because it's such a cool process and glad you guys are going to be along for the ride with us and excited to promote some of your guys' microcontinuity programs and to feature them at some of these big seminars I'll be speaking at in the next six weeks. So thanks again, guys. Thanks, Brent, for being on here. And we'll talk to you guys all again later on this week. Thank you, guys.