This is the perfect webinar, the framework and kind of how this whole thing fits in. If you understand this, it's kind of a high level view. So I'll kind of go through the different parts. First off, there is the introduction where the goal is to build rapport, help them identify with you, get them, all these kind of things happen initially. Then we move over here to the content section, which is where we bring out the one thing. We tell our origin story, we transition to secret number one, secret number two, secret number three, and this is the content. This typically takes about an hour to do. From there, we transition to the stack and closes, which is this part right here. So we're going to go through this. Now one thing I want to preface, sometimes when people get in and say they forget the core lesson we talked about today or yesterday, I'm not even sure anymore, that we talked about earlier about the one thing. The presentation, the goal is not try to convince them of a thousand things, it comes back into the one thing. So Jason Flatton taught me this. He said, the idea is to have a single point of belief that your message is built around and emphasize over and over and over again from a variety of different angles. So we're still coming back to the one thing. There's just one thing we got to convince them of, which is your big domino statement. So here's your one thing. If I can get them to believe this, then they have to give me money. So then it comes back to this and then all the other things, all the stories, everything we're doing are all the things that are making them believe this. It's all these different things that are coming back to this one thing. So don't think you're trying to convince them of this and this and this and this. As soon as you start doing the and and and and, it gets all sorts of, it makes the offer muddy, it makes it hard to convert. It always comes back down to one thing. It's having one idea, one single point of belief that we got to get them to believe and we're emphasizing it from whole bunch of different directions. And that's what, if we do it right, knock down the big domino, boom, they have belief and then they join our culture. Ask them how it works. Cool? Any questions about that? It should make sense. Cool? Any questions about that? It should make sense.