So, any questions before we start? I'm curious, I can't find my phone. Oh, I'm on the desk over there. I'll put it on. Let's get a recording. Oh, I'm fine. I'll find it. Oh yeah, here we go. So... We have Katie here. Alright. Everybody, my name's Katie. Welcome to the webinar today. How are you guys doing? I'm so excited too. Now, as you can see from the title slide right here, what we're talking about today is how to have a happy, healthy baby without losing your body or putting your life on hold. I'm curious how many of you are listening to me are women who either have had a baby or think about having a baby in the near future. How many of you are there? Almost all of you guys. That's pretty awesome. How many of you are here because your wife told you you had to come? Yeah. How many of you guys are the husbands like here in the other room and you're kind of listening and you're not ignoring? You're kind of ignoring? I want to make sure your husbands are here for a couple of reasons. Number one is imagine at the end of your pregnancy if you don't lose like the way you look right now imagine for the husband, if you can hear me, imagine like your wife looking like that within like 30 days after you're pregnant again. The first three pregnancies I had took me almost a year to get back to my baby weight. Second pregnancy number four, the one we were talking about today in 30 days I was back in my skinny jeans. 30 days. Now for the men, how many of you guys want your women to be in your skinny jeans in 30 days after the baby comes out? Was that mean for you guys? A lot of positive things, okay? But make sure that you and your spouse can support the message for both of you guys because it's a team effort, you can't just divide yourself and it may not be spouse, it may be partner, whatever it is. This is the thing that works together. So make sure you guys both hear together. Just you know a little about me and where I come from and why I didn't even qualify to talk about this. I have four of the most amazing, beautiful, like awesome kids in the world, there's some of their pictures, and I'm proud of all of them for different reasons, they're super cool. What's interesting is my first three babies, the process was really painful and hard. How many women have had at least one baby before? You guys, you had one baby before? You guys hear your whole life, it's an awesome, beautiful thing, and you have this baby, it's going to be super awesome and you have to be driven by your entire life, right? But then you get pregnant, and first you have that glow where you're signing, you're all super successful, right? Then you start noticing your hands start slowing, and your ankles start feeling like, you start feeling bloated, and the body, if you've always been super proud of it, starts going away, and even though you're so excited for this thing that's going to be coming as a baby, there's this nine month long process where every day you're feeling worse and worse by yourself physically, and you feel tired, your back starts hurting, and I know, the man, I took my husband to one of the baby classes and they ate more of one of the baby bellies, and for five minutes he felt the pain on his back, and then he took it off and he was fine, but we had that the entire time, this baby is pushing against our planet, our back, and everything, my back hurts, and every day is heavier and heavier, and there's not really, it doesn't go away, you lay in your bed at night, and there's still this direction, and I was so excited about this glow of childhood, birth, and everything, as I was going through it wasn't as glamorous as I thought, it was hard, and it was painful, and the first day we went through, I remember we had the baby, it was super cool, and then I was back in the state where I was overweight, and I saw that it's 12 months of our lives, like getting back into state, or getting back into shape, losing weight, exercising, dying, all sorts of stuff, and finally about a time I got in shape, guess what I was asking you, when do you have the baby over two? I just got my body back, do you want me to have another baby? Of course, as things do, when I made him two, this is Joey, he's so awesome, he's so cute, the same process happened again, and I made three games, the same process happened again, and I'm both in this process, and my body's going up and down, and up and down, and up and down, and I don't know about you, but it was emotional roller coaster, by the end of it, I lost so much of myself, esteem, my identity, all those things were just gone, and I was sitting there every single day trying to figure out, like, who am I? And I remember about this time, exactly my third baby, and I don't remember if we were to have any more kids, I thought, I'm going to go hard, I'm going to get back in shape, and spend the next 12 months getting back in shape, and it was hard, but it was exciting, and I felt like I was getting my identity back, all the emotion, all these things, it was so exciting, and I remember I had a friend, he used to go to the gym with me every single day, to work out together, and I don't want to brag at any, but I would always be here, and she knew what I could be, but it was like, I was in good shape, I felt like I had this thing that was mine again, it was just the coolest thing in the world, and then I remember one day, I woke up, and that morning I went and I did a pregnancy test, and at first I saw that I was pregnant, and at first I got this excitement, I was like, oh my gosh, the baby is going to be so excited, everything happened, and then, almost like, before he had that much chance to have some joy, I was like, oh my gosh, this thing I've been working for for the last 12 months, who I am, my boy, I'm going to get soon gone, I don't know what to do, and I also started having this fear, and I felt this guilt though too, because I was bringing the babies, and I was like, how exciting is that? I felt this guilt about my body, and I had this internal struggle, I'm just like, I shouldn't feel guilty, this is an amazing thing that I do, and I take that, I remember when we were in the gym, I was working out with my friend, the friend that I meet every single day, and she's being here, I'm like, how should that be? The thing's really changed, I was probably pregnant for three days, but I didn't know, I had this thing, I couldn't do it, and as I'm sitting here, just thinking about the next nine months of my life, and dreading it, and so much fear, and I was like, that's not fair to me, not fair to my husband, or my spouse, not fair to my kids, certainly not fair to my new kid that's coming, I should be giving them the most amazing experience possible, but here about that, your baby feels what you're thinking and feeling, if I'm feeling miserable, or myself, how are they going to feel? I don't want to hurt my baby either, and so that moment when I'm sitting here, I thought this time is going to be different, it has to be different, I don't want this experience to keep happening somehow, I needed to make that choice, make that change, so I decided I got to change some things, and what's interesting is, as I started going through this journey, all the things that I looked at that were my weaknesses, the first time I had Joey, Susie, and Michael, as I started going through this process, I realized those weaknesses actually became my strengths, in a really cool, unique way, and it was awesome, and I'm kind of fast-forward to it, and it's like, we have the baby, here's your picture, she's so cute, like, ah, go check this out, and I don't want to brag, I'm really proud of that, and I'm just saying, this is me from pregnancy number 3, I gained 55 pounds during that time, these five pounds, that baby came out when I was 20, and it took me another 12 months to get it to 35 pounds, here's me right now with baby 42 weeks pregnant, whatever the numbers, check this out, I cover this up, it's me, there's a baby, isn't that amazing? I don't know, I felt this way at the same time, I remember the first year of pregnancy, I had a lot of women who were skinny, and they were pregnant, I remember they didn't have a child, so I was so annoyed, and I'm like, their genes are so good, I blame it on all these other things, because the reality is, it was me, it was my differences, it was me saying, oh good, I'm pregnant, I can take some time off, and eat whenever I want, it was me not actually, and I realized, I can actually be that girl, I had to change some things, and we had the baby, she's super awesome, and that's what this web class is about, it's about how many of you have a baby and you're having a baby, and when you're done, you haven't gained any extra baby, I just love that right now, how many of you would give almost anything to have that right now, how many of the husbands would love to have their wives go through that process, look at sex the whole time, the baby comes back, your back and this is right afterwards, I'm gonna end with that, so I totally understand that, so that's what we're talking about today, in fact, I want you guys to understand that one thing is you can go hire a trainer at $50 a session, for the next nine months, you'll have to map them out, three times a week, $150 times nine months equals, what's the map in that? $8 grand, okay, to have some training through this whole process, which is a lot of money, most of us can't afford that, 40 people do this process under share with you, and you do it for like a fraction of the cost, so what do you guys want to do with the fraction of the cost? That's what we're talking about, so, scene number one, I'm gonna cover three cool things, number one, I'll show you how I was able to only gain the weight of the baby four, even though all my other babies, they gain at least 55 pounds, okay, every other hour? All right, cool, number two, I'm gonna show you guys a little little trick, to have more energy while you're pregnant, have more energy while you're pregnant, you can pregnant before, even if you have morning six, how many of you guys get really bad morning six for your pregnant? Yeah, it's horrible, what do you want to do all day? Sit in bed, just cry, right? That's why I felt, right, in morning six, it's four hours for 12 full weeks, I know for some of you guys they have way longer, but for me, 12 weeks is a long time, 30 months of my life, I'm sitting in a bed wishing I would die, during every five minutes, it was horrible, when I learned this little thing, what was cool, I was able to go and not only deal with this morning six, I actually had energy, not just for myself, but for my kids, my husband, my work, I'm a busy entrepreneur, I've done a lot of things at the same time, I was able to continue to live my life, even though I was having a baby, which is the first three kids, guess what happened, guess what stopped? Everything, I didn't progress any parts of my life, watched a lot of soap operas, saw some reality TV, 13 episodes of, 13 seasons of House of Cards, or whatever, but I didn't gain any in my life, it's the next time I did, I was able to do all this stuff I dreamt about, I wanted to do, I'm a straight side, and then the secret number three, this is a big one, cause a lot of people think, oh, I want to do that, but I can't, it's gonna be not really, really expensive, or whatever, but the cool thing, the big number four, I didn't know I was gonna be pregnant, so I actually wasn't on some sort of insurance thing, insurance, insurance, I knew I was gonna have a attorney insurance, which I thought, after I pregnant, I show up, I go to the police in the boat, and I was like, we can't afford another baby, and I was freaking out, so I actually did this really cool process, we were able to get our costs there, I wish we could save $19,000 we got back into our budget, throughout the pregnancy, so if you do this right, not only are you gonna lose weight, feel better, it's actually gonna make you money as you're doing it, I think it's like to make money right away, and lose weight in MPLs, yeah, that's awesome, yeah, so secret number one, I was able to, I was able to only get 25 pounds of income before, even though I need 55 plus all my other kids, so, what's my story, this is so crap, okay, so I'm gonna tell you guys the story, so, the gym, right, the people in the gym, okay, all right, so I was looking for a bathroom, I was sitting in the gym, and thinking like, what is it I gotta do if I'm gonna do this in my life, and they're all courses up, they're all books out there, there are people teaching this stuff, there's just a bunch of women to understand, who look awesome, there's the rest of us who don't, and I was like, I gotta figure this thing out, so I started talking to the women, who are successful, what did you do, like, why, how could you look like this, it's not fair, it's all genetics, and even though I blamed genetics the entire time I was looking at some of these women, I realized really quickly it wasn't, like it was me being lazy, and I found out what they were doing and why they were doing it, it was interesting, the coolest thing about this is, the things I struggled with, in fact, there were seven things I struggled with during my pregnancy, and I wish I had time to go over all of them, but a couple, one of them was like, my eating, I was eating right, that was the big one, right, and we know that one, that's a pretty common sense, but like, my morning routine, I wasn't getting up and actually my clothes were on in the morning, which basically might not be a big deal, but it was interesting, because if you wake up in the morning and you put your clothes on, you feel different about yourself, it's kind of like when you're losing weight, you get on a scale in the morning, and you wake up and you're like a pound lighter, typically the rest of the day you're like, you're doing really good, you're doing really good, you're lighter, if you got a scale, if you're down several, you're like screw it, barge it off the day, and go eat whatever you want anyway, you can usually take out, right, that's almost the same thing, that's the same thing, like, as soon as you shift to that morning routine, just in the morning I started focusing on getting dressed, getting stuff, because most pregnant women who were gaining weight, they don't, they don't, the makeup on, they don't do anything, they sit there and guess what happens, like the rest of the day is just shouting, you're wasting the entire day, whereas the first 30 days of my day, I do this, this, this, and everything shifts, and then there's the third one is this, and like, again, there's three things, I wish I could go over all seven in all the time right now, but those are the little shifts, I mean, they were hard, in fact they weren't, they actually came really fun, it was because I learned to figure out what they were, and they everything just transitioned, and came really easy, okay, all right, so that's the secret of my life, secret number two, the relationship of morning sleep is like me, and you want more energy, a couple of things that I want you to understand, like, think about this, like, even when you're not pregnant, let's say you're going to go hike a mountain, when you first think about that, what are the things that go through your head? Like, oh, it's just going to be hard, it's going to be hot, it's going to be tiring, it's going to be, whatever those things are, right, those things are all how we feel, we're going to go hike the mountain, and how do you feel when you go out the mountain, we're going to get the top mountain, like, I freaking, I call out for this mountain, this is my mountain, like, I don't want to sleep now, right, you feel so much good energy, you feel so excited, like, that's just about like, in the morning, when you're going to feel sick, it's morning sleep, it's sus, I get that, but if you understand that, and you shift your goals really quickly, and you find the thing to accomplish, I'll walk you through a bunch of the things that I use personally, but I find that thing, I go for it, a couple of things happen really quickly in my morning sleep days, it doesn't go away, and there's something that feels weird, a lot of times it'll fade, like, for example, if my kids one day, I woke up the morning, took my three kids, and I was like, they're really, really loosey, and I was like, I just want to stay in bed, and I was like, no way, I need to go conquer mountains, so I took my kids, jumped off the bikes, rode down the hill, had a bunch of fun, it was cool, it was in that process, because the door from start kicking in, all the nausea stuff started sinking, but then it kicked me off the rest of the day, and I spent the rest of my kids, we'd do crafts, we'd do the same, we'd do this picture of them, they'd got like, yarn up in their hair, and all the walls, and we had the greatest time ever, but they wouldn't have been destroyed, if I'd have done how I normally do it, it would have been horrible, okay, that's the secret, how you can have more energy, so there's like 12 different things that I do, every time I'm feeling sick, to transition from sickness to energy, and that's a couple of them that they'll see, there's some quick wins for you guys. Alright, singer number three, and this is the coolest one, so when we got pregnant, we didn't have attorney insurance, and we're freaking out, and so we went to the place, and they wouldn't give it to us, and so I started stressing out, because we didn't have money, most babies cost anywhere from six to $10,000, if you don't have insurance, it's even more than $20,000 more, and we didn't have the budget, not only the US, I mean, I have an extra 20 grand in my baby, that's a lot of money, right? How they do back before hospitals, like babies came out, I went in 20 grand back then, and I'm like, do I have to give birth in my house by myself? Like that scares the crap out of me, I don't want to have all this protection, but I can't afford the hospitals and doctors and all sorts of stuff like that, so I started researching, and I had a chance during my pregnancy since my kids were in school, to go through 35 different grants and scholarships and things like that, and I found there's like three that work for pregnant women like us, where in fact, my baby, instead of paying, it would have been $8,500 to have the baby if I got into an traditional hospital, whatever, we had ours for $3,500, $3,500, that's including the fact we didn't have a maternity insurance, so if I would have actually had, if I would have paid for that out of our pocket, I would have been like over $19,000, we got back into our pockets, is that crazy? Like there are things out there already created for us women, where we can actually get this money back, and we understand that for you and your spouse, you're submitting to others, just sitting here, like understand that this process when you go through, it's not gonna cost you money, a lot of people think, well, if I'm gonna need health, it's gonna cost more money, but no, you're doing it the right way, this thing will actually pay for you, and you understand all the pieces and how they all work together, is that amazing? All right, now obviously, I've been off for about 20 minutes or 30 minutes or so, so far, I wish I had more time, we're on to the web class, in fact, I only have a hard 16 minute deadline before the scene shuts off, but I wanted to get some tips and some tips to understand, because I don't know about you, but this was huge for me, okay? I wanted to have a healthy, healthy, bi-baby, but at the same time, I didn't want to lose my body, and I didn't want to put my life on hold. How many of you guys feel that way right now? Like, you're hearing this, you're like, that's me, okay? So that's you, and this resonates with you, this stuff kind of makes sense, and you want to figure out, how can I read this in my life? I would love to work with you guys, okay? Now, I work with women right now, and I help them to have this, so they have the most amazing, pregnant, super life. Their baby comes out, and they're feeling good, I work with couples, so that when the baby's done to 30 days in the back, it's a pre-baby weight, the three days of the skin, everything feels good, they're excited, and life continues to go on. So the best thing is, throughout this pregnancy, like the connection you have with your baby, with your spouse, your significant other, comes so much more because you're not just sitting there eating, watching TV, whatever those things were that you do, we need to do that. So I want to ask you, Mr. real quick, if you can't guys send me 10 minutes, or someone's walking through the program, I take all these pregnant women through, help change the pregnancy, make their life better, you hope guys send them 10 minutes and I'm going through a meeting for women, I'm going through a meeting for women. Yeah, yeah. Cool, cool. So what do you guys get started today with my coaching program? I'm going to give you guys all the things you need to be successful, okay? I don't want to leave things out, I'm going to give you a piece of it, and then later on try to sell something. I think that's what I'm going to do, I want to pay you, everything you need to be successful, okay? So we're going to do, it's the first thing you're going to get started, this is called my slim pregnancy system. Now, the whole key business is going to show you how to bring life into this world without losing yours, okay? Because I want you guys to keep your identity, keep all those kind of things, okay? The way this works, this is a six-week online program. So as soon as you sign up, you can be like right now, as soon as it's started, you can log into the members area, and each week there's a video module, and in this video I'm going to go deep into the step-by-step systems. There's a foundation, if I just give you one piece, like you can kind of use that, it's going to over, okay? But it's just like building a house, if I give you a board, like you can open it under the rain, and open it on the web, but it's not a house, you need a foundation, you need walls, and so this is going to walk you through the entire foundation over six weeks. You're going to get in, you're going to get out of this, and you're going to be hoping to make six hours, and you can do that too if you want, but it's broken if you go over six weeks, you have a chance to go through it, and at the end of six weeks you will have all the tools. Everything you need to be successful. I told you here that there was, I can't even write this, six secrets here, there's four things here, I'm going to give you all of those things, and show you exactly what I do, so you don't have to like dance and think and hope you get it right, but do the actual thing that I did, and not just me, but everyone else that had a chance to work with. Now, I'm sure that you guys have a story about Brittany. Yeah. About Brittany. So Brittany, when I first, when she first showed me this presentation, she called me, she said, that's me, and she said, no, that was my story, she said, no, like, not the last part, but the first three kids, like that's been me, and I've got three kids and I'm pregnant right now, and I'm miserable, I'm depressed, and I'm stressed, I don't know what to do. I feel guilty, and I feel guilty, and I feel like all these emotions and this pain, and like, and it was hard, and I'm sure you guys, you guys know it now, right? It's why you're here. And so, when I took her through the first six weeks I gave it to her, and what was cool was she went through it, and immediately she saw shifts and transitions, and she shook what she was doing to this, and she shook what she was doing to the other person. Perhaps she's formless pregnant, she still needs morning sickness in the morning, but she's figured out how to control that. She plays with her kids, she goes on diapers, it's always a cool thing, she's doing energy, and like, she feels amazing, okay? It's not just me, it's not just her, I felt 100, I felt tons of other women go through this process, and as they do it, they feel better about themselves, they regain their identity, which is so big, and they have the ability to bring this amazing person, this kid, their child into this world, and they do it in a way that's so cool, that when they have a baby, there's no guilt, there's no fear, there's no, all things just disappear, and all you have is like, the perfect love and connection with your child. You can have that, and then it comes out, and you're just holding it, and you're like, God, I did this all for you, I did it for me, but I'll say it for you. That's what I'm talking about, that's what I'm talking about, that's what I'm talking about, I want to get us to experience that, because I tell you, my first three pregnancy's really cool, I love my kids, they're awesome, but it was hard. My last pregnancy, this is a bit of a shame in the bed, you see this, look at my smile, I feel like I was on fire, I felt like I was going to run America on the next day, but it was such a unique, special experience, something I would pay anything for, it was precious, and it wasn't just for me, it was also for my spouse, and we had that connection, and it was just amazing, and I said, I'm going to get back in shape in the next 12 months, and I'm trying to get back in shape, and regretting this decision, it was the greatest thing in the world, instead, 30 years of back, we're back to normal life, with our brand new gift, it was just the coolest thing. So the first thing I should get, is the slim pregnancy system. A lot of people told me, this is worth $100,000 more, because it's literally a change of life, but I can tell you, it's about $3,000, if you go to college, and try to learn a college course, and something that doesn't even matter in life, they can charge you at least $1,000 of credit, right? So this is a pre-credit class, it's something you're actually going to use, and you actually feel better from afterwards, it's a lot cheaper than college, you're getting something that will actually change your life, but not just your life, your relationships, and your family, which is huge, okay? All right, number two, after you go through the system, this is what happens, I know, because Brittany, after she went through it, she always called me her name, what about this, what about this, what about this, I know you guys have questions, that's just normal, so what I'm going to do, is for the entire length of your pregnancy, plus three extra months, so for 12 full months, what I do is twice a month, I jump on these Q&A calls, and it's open form, you can jump on, and I will go through some of the lines, and some of the training will go deeper into it, but then I open the lines, and you can ask me any question you want, and you can be like, hey, I'm 36 weeks standing, I got four weeks of my babies coming, I'm stressed, and I want some ice cream, I want something to eat, what do I do? And you know, I'll tell you what I would do, and I'll show you exactly what to do, or you know, you don't have the money to do anything, like what grant would you do, and I'll tell you exactly, you can jump on, I'm here to help you, and support you along the way. Okay, that's just not for the six weeks, that's for the entire pregnancy, the entire pregnancy we're here, plus after pregnancy, except for 12 months, for 12 full months, you can jump on anytime you want, ask me any questions, and it's really, really fun. The other cool thing is, is in this, during these Q&A's accountability calls, other women, just like you, were going through this, we'll have a chance to be part of it, okay? Now I know that a lot of big friends work close, we could follow our friends in pregnant at the same time, and after sitting home watching still-proper to eat an ice cream, and like miserable, it's hard to like, hang out with those people, right? Like they say in business, like you're the, you're income's the average of bioposist friends, the same thing here, like you're happiness level, your energy's gonna be the equivalent of bioposist friends, and four of your five friends who are pregnant are going through this and struggling, it's gonna be initial. So the cool thing about this is, this is a group of women, who all are going through this process with you, who are excited, who are passionate, and want that change, and these women are all around the world, people you couldn't find in your backyard, but if people believe like you, and think like you, you get this unique opportunity to come in this group and be with them, every single week. How cool is that? Okay, that's the thing, you know, I'm gonna put that, the value of that, $1,997, okay? So let me show you what you're gonna get. You're gonna get a six week slim, slim pregnancy system, you also have the weekly Q&A calls, and then the next thing is, I don't know about you, but when I was pregnant, it pisses me off, it's everyone telling me what I can't eat, right? Oh, you can't have fish, you can't have shrimp, you can't eat fish, you can't eat it, and like it's the worst thing in the world. Every time you can't have like, I'm trying to feed my baby and myself, and I need some good food, right? And so when I'm gonna, I'm gonna show you what you actually can eat. In fact, in my house, I have a whole bunch of snacks I love, that I love, as much as I want, as long as I want. Which means I can have at least, and when I'm hungry, I watch TV, I work out, I eat this up with no guilt, no stress, nothing. Okay, I'm gonna give you guys all the stuff that I eat, that's number one. Number two, do you guys ever go out to restaurants with your, with your, uh, significant other? Okay, I'm gonna give you guys one, uh, the top, my top 30 favorite restaurants, what I order, each piece of each piece of each piece of each piece of each. Okay, so, I'm gonna give you guys what I ordered, each piece of each piece of each piece of each piece, can you swim in slender and help me to not lose weight? Well, not gain weight, right. And then, the last thing, is, this is gonna be kind of cool. Because a lot of times, like, we think we're eating healthy, we're actually not. And one of the things, one of my doctors, because I was really interested as I was just asking what we could eat, but I was eating all these foods, and things I thought were actually healthy for me. He's like, kid do you need that? That's the reason why you're gaining weight. The reason why your ankles are swollen is because of that. Like, you kidding me? Like, I didn't know that. So you're actually damaging your baby. You'd be damaging the membranes to be, I don't know, a whole bunch of stuff. And I was stressed out. And then the crazy thing, he told me, he's like, the best thing you can do for yourself and your kids bacon. But not any kind of bacon. Some make a nitrous acid in whatever nitrous. Anyway, you eat that bacon, you can actually kill it. You can eat the right kind of bacon. It's actually healthy. It gives you the fat chance to feel harmful. It gives your baby the good thing as well. I was like, half my pregnancy eating bacon. How can you have like, a bacon every single night and after that, your baby comes? Like, I create bacon like crazy. It's insane. And you can actually have it to get the right kind of bacon. So I'm going to show you exactly what you can eat. Now, for me, this is worth at least $20, $30,000. Because I love eating. But I want to eat and stay skinny, right? But the value of that is about $9 or $9. So that means when you get started saying you're my still pregnancy sister, you're in the weekly Q&A account of really calls, you're going to be able to connect with the network of women who are going through this process with you. You can wake them up and see me, bacon light. I even have a great time still this way. I told them about you, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Now, the next thing, I told you earlier, we're going to cut our pregnancy costs by $19,000. Now, this program that I'm offering to you is going to cost money. I understand. There's always a fear like, oh, can I spend that kind of money? So I want to make this more than free for you. Is that OK to that? Did I get more than you want? Of course, I have to get this one for free. I mean, this one is for more than free. But it goes to the average pregnancy right now in the United States is $8,000. I will show you how almost 90% accuracy we can cut that cost in half. So pregnancy will go from $8,000 to $4,000. I just gave you $4,000, which is a couple of things. First off, you can invest in this course. Second, if you have $3,000, you can go to buy whatever you want. What do you buy through money? Stroller. You want a stroller? You can buy a cringe. You can buy. Like, why do people do that if handing out strollers? Which is like, it's kind of OK until they hand you the stroller. And you look at it, and there's like snot on the sides, and cheerios like baked to the top. You're like, the creditor. You're like, getting that? But they gave it to you. And you feel like, you're going to have $3,000 credit. So you can go and buy all sorts of crap for your kids. It's going to be awesome. OK? This doesn't cost you money. It actually makes you money the entire thing. So I'm going to show you exactly what we did. Now, the coolest thing about this to at this moment right here is if you don't save at least $1,000 from your pregnancy, I will give you all the money and you can get it for free. OK? I want this to be free for you. This should not be something that's costing you money. So that's how it works. It doesn't save you at least $1,000. Let me know. I'll give you your money back. If it does, don't do anything and spend the extra money on diapers and strollers, whatever you want to do. You can value your baby in your room and they can seem like the coolest. All the other women will be jealous about how cool your baby is. All right? So the point by that is at least, actually, the more. I'm going to save you $4,000. The total amount of credit is $3,997, because I saved you $4,000. OK? All right. So what else can I do to make you even happier? The only thing she had everything to be successful is you got the systems. You know exactly what you do. You got accountability, which is quickly called. You know exactly what you can eat. We figured out how to cut the costs in half. What else she has to be successful? How about energy? How do you guys build the energy when you're pregnant? It's hard not to. You've got a baby. It's probably holding you like this. Your spine's out. Everything is hard. It's tough. Imagine looking at your pregnancy with explosive energy every morning you wake up and you're like, I can take on the world. I think we're going to eat and drink like 15 cups of coffee without your heart exploding. That's what I'm talking about. Wouldn't that be awesome? Even if you were to drink coffee, imagine that we'd get that much energy without getting your body out of the baby. It's like, that would be awesome, right? Well, guess what? You notice my energy in the last 30 minutes? This is how I build every single day. But you're not always the best way. I used to feel like you. I used to get brain fogged. I was tired. I had low energy. It was horrible. Not about you, but it's not even fun to wake up in the morning. That's how you feel. If you wake up in the morning and you feel like this, how I feel right now, and you experience that the entire pregnancy, you imagine losing weight is not hard for you. This excitement is much energy. So I'm going to show you guys my energy system. This will help you to feel amazing for the next nine months. And that's the greatest gift I can give you guys. It's going to be awesome. I have a high F997. And then the last thing, and this is for you as your couple. Because a lot of times, us couples aren't going to be talking to each other. You guys know what's that? He'll come home from work, and I'll talk, and he'll listen, and then you'll go watch TV, or vice versa. And we just, when they're going to really connect. And over my husband and I, it was the same kind of way. And I think the first three babies we ever talked about, I was miserable. I'm sure you do, I was miserable. Because I was complaining a lot. He hit it for me. And he watched TV, and he disappeared. And it was like, it was hard on our marriage. It seems hard on our marriage. A lot of the worst has happened in pregnancy, a lot. And what I wanted to do is we created a really cool performance by husband and I, and we called this pillow talk. And we recorded a bunch of CDs of us laying in bed and just talking about this. And the goal of this is not to really teach you anything, but the goal is to get you and your spouse talking. Because this experience should not be something that divides you as a family. This experience should be something that brings you together as a family. And this is probably the greatest gift I can give you for your relationship. So the way this works is there's six CDs or audios or interviews or whatever. And each one's about 23 minutes long. And you just listen to it. It's my husband talking about the stress and the pressure and giving us some questions to ask each other. And then you listen to them. And then you just talk about it while you're in bed. And it's going to bring you together. And each day you go through one of these. And at the end of two or three weeks of listening to these things, you're going to feel so connected with your spouse. Everything else, all of the fears and the pain, all of the symptoms disappear. Because if that relationship works, everything else makes more sense. Your family will be happier. You're going to make more money. You'll have more energy. All these things just come together. So this is special about it. So I can't give this to everyone. Because this is like, we call it pillow talks. The private talk for my husband and me. But for those of you who know this is for you, I want you guys to have this. So what we're going to do is a really cool thing. I'll come back to that. Sorry, that's all I know. Anyway, so Rika, where are you going to get? You're going to get the Slim pregnancy system. So I'm going to use the next six weeks where you should go through this process. You'll have all the information, everything you need. From there, you can jump on the weekly accountability calls, ask me any question you want, whatever you want. Meet all the other women who are going through this process with you, who can relate to you. Share tips and ideas and tricks. We'll all be there together. I'm going to show you exactly what you can eat. I'm going to show you guys how to cut your pricing costs in half so it's entirely completely free for you. I'm going to give you explosive energy. I'm going to give you the exclusive pillow talk. The total value if you add this whole thing up right here, I've added two there, so number 11. It's $11,997. I'm sure somebody is looking at it thinking, $11,997, that's more than the cost of the baby, right? I understand that. I have a question for you. Let's just say that all that this system did for you was give you the ability so that while you were pregnant and after your baby came, you kept your energy. What if it was worth it? Having that feeling of, I did this like that, accomplished it. I don't know if you were like, that's why I went to school originally. I wanted to accomplish my college degree. School cost me a heck of a lot more than that. I don't even use my degree. Do you guys use your degree? I don't. Right there's one that comes to me. You didn't have that by going through this process. But it's something that actually matters to your family. Now, if all that this system did was bring you and your family closer together. So this wasn't something to divide it. You thought pregnancy would bring you guys closer together. She shared the most beautiful thing that we have, chance experience, and it's live. It would be worth $11,000. Yeah. Yeah. Marriage counseling costs a lot more than that. Probably should I? OK. I don't know. That's her. Now, all that this did was give you the ability where other women look at you, and they're like, gosh, she has such good genetics. She looks good. And I wish it was her. Also, they can feel that. And they're a little lucky that way. That'd be worth it. That's good. I'm a little bit thrilled. Cool. So what we did is, I was directly charged you $11,000. I said, $7. But what you're going to say is worth that. It's worth a lot more than that. The women who've gone through this process, they've experienced that. I've got tons of stories. In fact, here's Becky. She went through this, and she was miserable, and then she told her story. And look at her now. Look at this baby. Look at her spouse and husband. And this, what happened was that. And here's so-and-so over here. Like, I've got so many stories that I want that same process for you. Now, I'm not going to charge you $11,000 that this retail store. And I'm not going to charge you guys the $4,000 in cash. That I'm basically going to be giving you when you have your baby. That's what you're going to say. Because I want you to have some of that money to go spend on the new credits and all those kind of things. What I'm going to do is, what are you going to be spending it on because you guys are here today? And what are you going to be doing this entire system for just one payment of $997? Again, the coolest thing about this is, if you go through this process and you don't at least save $1,000, you're going to say, I'll give it back to you. I don't need your money. I'm fine. I'm going to give it back to you. But if you do, that's just the cost of the whole process. So there's zero risk for you at all. There's no cost to anything. In fact, it's going to make you a bunch of money as you save that money. You can spend it on the other things you want. Now, for those of you guys who are interested, there's going to be a link on the screen down below. All you got to do is go to slimprimacysystem.com to go get started. And it's going to be really cool. Now, a couple of questions for you. I think we're in the second row. Sorry. OK. Now, for those of you guys who were looking at that and saying, I don't know, that's a lot of money, right? I understand $1,000 is a lot of money. But I want to talk about some of the other quotes. Like, if you're not going to spend $1,000, where are you likely to spend it? A couple of things is most women, I don't know if you do this, but women are pregnant. They typically buy a lot of food because you're hungry, you eat for two and all those kind of things, right? And I used to calculate my pregnancies during the first three pregnancies versus the last one. Over that nine months, I spent an additional $4,500 on food that I didn't spend on the last one. People always say, eating healthy costs more money, but it doesn't if you're eating the right thing. And he's like, I literally saved $4,000 just on the food I was eating. So that's way cheaper than this.