Am I missing a piece? Is there another place I can do that? The backwards view is one that a lot of people don't think about much and a lot of people don't want to do. But the necessity of recession has caused the number of my clients to return to it. And in many places, it's proving so lucrative that they'll probably stay with it. And that is going backwards from media to manual labor. And so we're back to putting a seminar team on the road. We're back to doing live, real live, tele-sambedars and webinars. We're back to park in the doctor in the health food store on a Friday, just doing it more effectively, a little more intelligently, but a shift to manual labor. Can in many respects be a game changer. The way you price, the way you structure. So a good example of that is what happened with fractional ownership. So fractional ownership at one time was condos, was timeshare, was vacation properties. Then it migrated to private jets. Now there's fractional ownership of all kinds of stuff, and very interesting and successful businesses. So there's fractional ownership slash timeshare of really expensive jewelry. There's fractional ownership of pets. So four people own the same dog, and this one gets it on this weekend, and this one gets it on this weekend, and this one gets it on this weekend, and in between, the two of them get it on this weekend, and in between, the high end kennel that's running the timeshare business is taking care of the dog. It's pretty much urban. I mean, you don't see it going on much in, say, farm communities. But in dense urban areas where people live in very small spaces, and they don't want the responsibility of a pet on a 24-7 situation, but at least one weekend out of the month, they have to go to the park with the pet. These things are cropping up in Boston, New York, San Francisco, and they're pretty profitable. Some real high-end kennels and spas are doing it like as an adjunct to their business. There's fractional ownership of real expensive cars. So they're either in a pool, so you're paying a fee for access to a pool of Lamborghinis and Rolls Royces and so forth, and you've bought, just like with condo ownership, you've bought X number of hours or days of use of any of the cars in the pool by reservation. And so you can drive a Lamborghini one weekend. You can drive whatever the next weekend. I don't know if we can timeshare all them clunkers. There's 22,000 of them. For $5, you get one day a year. You can actually drive yourself to work. I don't know. Oh, sorry. Not work. I take it back. You can drive yourself to the unemployment office. I apologize. Whoever corrected me. You're 1,000% right. So fractional ownership, timesharing of things, is just an example of creative pricing, a way to change the price of what we sell. It can be a response to real high price that a lot of people won't pay to own the thing, but would pay it essentially to rent it. It can be a reaction to commoditization. I suggest that I was not successful. But my suggestion in the hearing aid business was to get out of the hearing aid business, because the product that technology is getting better and better and better and cheaper and cheaper and cheaper and cheaper. And the days of that being a $5,000 sale are, I believe, limited. And I think it'll be a $199 sale at Costco, sort of what happened with smoke detectors. This precedes you also. But there was a time when a smoke detector was a $500 product. And somebody came into the house and sold four of them for two grand. Now you can go to the CVS, Walmart, wherever. What are they? $9, $19, something like that. So I think that's where they're going. So my argument was, you've got to get out of the product business, and we've got to sell something else. So you've got to sell.