And it is a piece of good news in the sense that it indicates that the niche contains a lot of buyers. And so I don't think, I think you could be hard pressed to find any place more crowded than chiropractic and dentistry. I mean, there's a ton of them. And it doesn't get in the way of a new one at all. You just have to find a little square of space that you can carve out for yourself. You don't even have to, but you should try and find a little square of space that you can carve out for yourself where you have one thing about you, what you do, how you do it that you can point to has different than everybody else. But even without that, there was a new entry last year in chiropractic who brings absolutely nothing new to the table. Now, he's a very skilled marketer, but he brings nothing new to the table. And there's, and he's not promising anything that hasn't already been promised, delivered, and isn't in five other competing ads, but purely because he's a very skilled marketer. He's done very, very, very well. And so better he should have something. But, and usually you can find a square. I have two clients right now, both nearly new info marketers to the chiropractic profession. They're, in a sense, direct competitors. And in many respects, there is overlap. But I don't think they're going to have a problem, and I don't have a problem working with both of them because they each have one square. They have one thing about what they do that is not only different from the other, but is different from everybody else. And so they'll each sell some people the other one won't. But in many cases, the same buyer will buy them all. Maybe the least understood thing about niches is that there's 5% of it that buys everything. Everything. For the most part, they tend to be 5% that are the most successful too. And it's not coincidental, by the way. But, but setting that aside, just from purely from a marketing standpoint. And some information marketers stubbornly refuse to believe this. And so they worry endlessly about who else is in the game and who might be communicating with their customer and all that stuff. I've demonstrated it again and again and again when I've been speaking at one of these places. You know, so if I'm at an Altadonna event, I'll say how many of you have so and so stuff. Three-fourths of the room, you know, the hands are going up. And it's just the way it is. So the fact that there's a lot of other players should not discourage you at all. And maybe you can take it as encouragement for a variety of reasons. There's joint venture partners, for one thing, that already have customers. And there's proof that people buy. But if you haven't seriously examined this, it ought to be on your list to seriously examine. Because it has proven to be a very, very, very reliable way to double somebody's income to as much as ten times versus what it was, you know, in their core business. The other thing you should know about it, I think it's particularly instructive other than it is again something you can't stop. So you ought not worry about it. You will, if you're successful, you will birth second-generation competitors. They will be your customers on Tuesday. And the following Thursday, they'll be your direct competitor. And not a lot of them will survive because they see it superficially and just decide to run off and do it. See, the way anybody gets in the seminar business, the way a lot of people get in the seminar business is they happen to be walking down the hall out here. And they stand in a doorway and they count the heads. And then they ask how much did it cost to be in the room? And they multiply that by the number of heads and they say, holy shit, I'm getting in the seminar business. And the same thing basically happens to you with your customers in the infomarketing business. You'll see it. You ought not be bothered by it or disturbed by it. But this is a real game changer for a lot of people. It allows them to leverage their successful experience, their skill, their affinity, their...