So all the articles were reprints from other publications, and the rest of the content was stuff people sent in, and either for free or they got like 10 bucks or 20 bucks, you know, for sending in a good joke. So their game-changing element was eliminating the cost of editorial. Google it or go to Amazon by the book. The book's cheap. The book's called What A Way To Make A Living. Lyman Woods, a fascinating guy, and the people around him were fascinating. It's ancient history, but... He invented all the advertising for the rototiller thing. You see advertised on TV and in USA Today, but that's not what I want you to see. I want you to see his non-religion religion that they created, which is all a direct marketing business. And the game-changing element, which Oral Roberts also did, and some of the guys do today, but they did it without actually calling themselves a religion. The game-changing element was they discovered that, first, they discovered people didn't know what to say to pray. So people wanted to pray, but they didn't know what to say. So people wanted prayers to say for different purposes. And they didn't want one prayer. They wanted a prayer to cure acne and a prayer to save the dying grandmother and a prayer to hit the lottery and a prayer for this and a prayer for that. Because giving them like a fill-in-the-blank prayer template requires too much thought, imagination, creativity, and initiative. So the first thing you'll see is big game-changing element is they got in the business of giving people prayers by purpose. Then they figured out, way ahead of the curve, they figured out that people really didn't want to pray, they wanted somebody to pray for them. And so they got in what we call the done-for-you business of praying for people. This did not stay original. It's a, you'll see it in Televangel's pitches today. It was a big part of Oral Roberts' pitch. So Oral Roberts' pitch, there was a prayer tower, probably still there. I haven't paid any attention since Oral stopped, but because his kid's terrible, but Oral was really good. There's a prayer tower at Oral Roberts University, which is staffed 24-7. This was, at least it used to be. And there's people sitting up there praying. And so you send in your prayers, and they run them up to the top of the tower, and the professional prayers pray. And of course, you can send it in, you can just send a prayer in, but it's sort of like Publisher's Clearinghouse. Most people kind of have the idea that it might get to the top of the stack if there's money with it. So it tends to bring in a lot of money. They were even more overt about it. But it was a game-changing element for them, done for you. And it's still a game-changing element today, is now it all comes with a price and punishment and all of that, but a big game-changing element for a lot of people, and now for some info marketers in this room, has been that people are less and less and less inclined to do for themselves, and more and more and more and more inclined to want somebody to do something for them and be willing to pay to have it done for them. And so that was a game-changing element.