like no other. And it was new at the time. Of course, it came and built the business and for a variety of reasons it went away. So it wasn't permanently sustainable, but it was sustainable for a long time. My clients, Guthy Ranker, so really, what are their game-changing elements? Well, in the infomercial business, they were the first to bring celebrities to the table, minor to start with, sort of the, what I call the love boat category. So by that I mean somebody who if love boat were on today, they'd be on it, right? Sort of on the tail end of their career, the has-been athlete. And then graduated from there. Well, I don't even mean it disrespectfully. I just, you know, it is what it is. But they were the first to do it. And they quickly escalated to the point that really their big game-changing element is barrier to entry for everybody else in a category. Because if you take their production quality out and you take the celebrities out, you've got a $100,000 show budget. Their show budgets are, well, now they're all the way up to three quarters of a million to a million dollars before you put the show on air. And hardly anybody's willing to play that game. Then when you sell consumables on monthly continuity, now the question is how far negative will you go to get a customer? How big a bank and how big a colony have you got? So Proactive, which is the biggest part of the business, started way back when Judith Light is the celebrity and probably, I don't want to give you exact numbers, but let's say three months or less of going negative to get a customer. Today, the last show I paid any attention to, because I don't work on it anymore, I mean, it had P. Diddy, Jessica Simpson, Brittany Spears, who they edited back out when she shaved her head. I don't know, four or five others. The talent budget alone was like $2 million before they shot the show. And the negative is closer to eight, nine, ten months before your break-even. Well, no disrespect to them, but they're not doing any rocket science. You can copy the show and you can copy the glob. Glob, pretty easy. But the barrier to entry is what nobody can get over. And so they really have dominance in certain categories because nobody can match them in terms of bank. The Peter Loewe circuit that I was on, the breakthrough for Peter, the game-changing element, was he went after and he got Ronald Reagan. And prior to Reagan, hardly any political figure, dignitary, world leader, would agree to take any of these gigs. You could get minor athletes and you could get minor Hollywood people, but you couldn't get a president, a senator, a governor, a judge. You couldn't get any of them. As soon as Reagan did it, it made it okay. As a matter of fact, everybody else now wanted to play. And then that became almost like Guthy Ranker. It quickly became such a barrier to entry. There were, at one time, over a hundred little rally companies spaced out all across the country who had informal territories, but basically agreed not to crap in each other's backyards. And they all used Zigg. So Zigg had this speaking circuit of his own. And Peter put them all out of business in 24-4 months. I mean, he just murdered them. And because all of a sudden, they got, you know, some has been athlete, Paul Harvey, and Zigg and three speakers nobody's ever heard of. And Peter's got, you know, this long list of 15 megastars. He killed them, just killed them. And he had no respect for their little informal territories. So they're putting 4,000 people in a room. He's putting 25,000 people in a room. And where's anybody good to go, right? Disney, their first radically changing element was his first one to go to single-price admission, not pay-by-the-ride. The entire amusement park industry grew out of fares. And so just like if you go to your local county fair, right, you go to the ticket booth and you buy some tickets, and then your kids can ride the rides and you can get into the freak show, maybe. Sometimes you got to use cash for that. But mostly you're paying with tickets.