As you go and then you run out of tickets and then you got to go back and buy some tickets, right? Well, Disney was the first one now Six Flags Universal, but Disney was the first guy to say we're gonna eliminate all that and here's why a Lot of people don't know why they spend more at the park on other stuff because That buying decisions over Okay, when they buy tickets if you watch them at a county fair go watch them at a county fair Here's the con there's two conversations going on one is I'm only buying eight tickets So you kids got a pick because you're only get to do eight things, right? so now From the so the problem with that that they've never figured out is you've set up a unpleasant unhappy Situation from the very beginning Right because we know the kids are gonna want to go on more than eight things So this is quickly going to disintegrate into crying grumbling unhappy children Which makes crying grumbling unhappy parents? It creates conflict between dad and mom because now dad's saying fucking let's go get him some more tickets and mom's saying Don't contradict me you do this all the time. I said eight tickets, right? So this is all going on Well, these are not people who are going to buy a lot of souvenirs ball caps stuffed dogs and hot dogs, right? They're too busy fighting with each other. So that's problem number one problem number two is they're making money decisions as they go along between tickets and baseball caps programs hot dogs and coax so the one price has outrageous as the price may be That gets all that out of the way now as you said Opens up to them spending a lot more money on the incidental stuff while they're in the park In 2007 by the way, Disney beat Vegas for the first time in dollars per head you know in In an eight hour period a Disney Park visitor Orlando an Orlando Disney Park visitor drops more money than an eight hour visitor to Vegas and in Vegas they're taking the money from them and They got hookers and so So you would think the combination of those two things would give and there's more booze I mean you would think those three things would give them an insurmountable advantage Okay, Disney's just smarter The other thing and I meant to bring this book. I should have me all the schlepping here tomorrow. Just say it's it But I'll describe it Disney the other game-changing element for Disney is Incredibly strategic Microscopically managed and thought out control of the physical environment on which they are always working to get it a little better by the way and ironically The closest thing that mirrors that is the casino industry. I have this book I meant to bring it to show you. It's not a little book size. It's like a like a phone book size dimensions and it's Gee, I don't know That thick. I mean, it's like huge. It's heavy. It's why I didn't bring it. It's because it hurts my back Okay, and it is called casino floor design the entire book is nothing but a manual on How to design the floor of the casino? The movement of the people the place this machine should go this machine should go This deck there's a six million. It looks like it looks like MIT diagrams for building a rocket ship to the moon in this thing right and And this in Disney's doing the same thing. I mean they are Monitoring how many people stopped here? How many people looked in this direction? How many people looked in that direction? Tweaking tweak and tweak and tweak and tweak and that's a big game-changing element for them The Imagineers told us they changed them music to speed up or slow down people when they want to move them out of the park They the the next time you're at when we were there with Chris's group I had her I didn't know this before I got it for the first time when we were there with your IBA group the next time You're at Disney World at the park as you come in and you by the way, how many of you haven't been to Disney World say in three years? Oh for God's sakes You got You should go to Vegas too, but you you guys got to go Okay, you got first of all a bunch of you You know you ain't getting any younger what you can't go anywhere else and study has much about making money This is the only place ever built