Hearing Health for Life that is at a price and then it doesn't matter what happens to technology, they get the new one, they get all their tests, they get all their batteries, they get checkups, they get a bunch of other stuff, but it's not about the do-hickey anymore. It's just a way of changing price, right? There's place, we talked about changing place. These can all be game changing elements. Non-franchise, they're exclusive in the information business with another game changing element for a lot of people. The thing to know about most of these is that most of them come from outside the business you're in, the industry you're in, not from inside the business or industry or profession you're in. They have to be found somewhere else. There's a huge business in what they now call pre-need, which used to be called burial insurance. It's the prepayment of the funeral and it was invented by a really interesting guy, founder of the National Speakers Association, a guy by the name of Kevin Robert, who was one of the prosecutors in the Elliott Ness case. I mean the real Elliott Ness case. They sent Kevin to Arizona to retire to die and he outlived, as he said, every doctor that ever touched him. But he invented that burial insurance, which is morphed now into pre-need to the point that really that whole industry is more in the insurance business than they are in any other business. Extended now to elaborate pre-need where you're pre-planning the whole celebration event and customized casket and the dancing girls and everything else that's going to happen at the event. So pre-need sales went from relatively cheap items to now relatively expensive items. There's still the cheap stuff. You see it advertised on TV. That business has been around since it was invented. So that's aimed at sort of poor people. You're going to die and you're not going to have taken care of your funeral and your kids aren't going to have the money, so they're going to leave you under a tree. So buy burial insurance for five hundred bucks, right? By the way, a recession trend that's back is doing it yourself. I don't know if you've seen this in the news, but it never really left in rural areas. I mean, no seriously, if you drive through rural areas, you'll find little family cemeteries just over in the corner of the farm. And there's eight, ten gravestones over there and you know, everybody just buries them themselves. However, it's like now a trend and there's a business. There's essentially info marketers or death coaches, whatever you want to call them, who, I'm serious, it's advertised all over the place. For three hundred bucks or four hundred bucks, they'll go get the permit for you because in most states it's legal. Some states don't require a permit at all. You can go out in your backyard, dig a hole, throw grandma in, it's legal. But most places require some sort of permit. Did you find that disturbing? I'm sorry. You can gently lay grandma to rest under the old oak tree that she always enjoyed so much. Is that better? However, if you don't have a lot of space, you can just stick her in head first in a little... Post-old digger. Yeah, post-old digger. There you go. As a matter of fact, maybe there's a practical purpose for all of this. But anyway, for three, four hundred bucks, they'll get the permit for you. They got a little box, they'll sell you, and they kind of talk you through the whole process of how to do this. And there's a business bringing up in this. But anyway, so the burial insurance business is a movement of insurance to this business, right? And it really came out of a very simple idea. It came from a problem. So every business has some kind of problem, right? And so one place to find a game-changing element is fixing the biggest problem in your business that never seems to go away. And what most people do is they gradually give up on that problem and they run around in circles. And they fix the stuff that can be fixed, they improve the stuff that can be improved, but they really never work on the core thing that will never seem to go away. So what always was the worst part of the funeral business is it requires waiting for someone to die.