No one came in and bought it for themselves while they were still alive and kicking. And so you're like sitting there. You got to add the L pages and you got a phone and you're waiting. You're hoping for lightning strikes or, you know, something. Flood, fire, pestilence, something. Which also sort of has you in a really interesting state of mind, I think. You know, it's like getting up in the morning saying, jeez, I hope a lot of people in town drop dead today because I want to put in a pool. So this was a big problem with the business. And so the thought was how can we get them to buy it for themselves while they're still alive, right? And on the surface at the time, if you think about it, there's no good answer to that. Well, nobody's going to buy a funeral if they're not dead or nearly dead. They worked on it and they solved it and they made a giant industry out of it to the point that really that business is more about pre-need than it is anything else. So one of the places where you look for a game-changing elephant is where is your reoccurring, never-ending, nagging problem. You will find a little discussion of bringing new elements to your business. And I'm going to have you do some of your own thinking in a few minutes, but I'll take you through like a list of examples. Werner Erhard, who really had the biggest personal growth thing ever, weren't asked. So, do you know Est? There's a really good DVD, if you haven't seen it, called Transformation, which you can buy at Amazon. And it really tells the Werner Erhard story. It's a little sanitized. It tells it all positive, but nevertheless. So Est, if you don't know it, you may have seen it made fun of in movies and stuff. If you ever saw the movie Semi-Tuff, football movie, Bert Reynolds, Jill Clayburg, the seminar that they went to that Bert Reynolds ran a tube down his pants and had a can so he could pee during the seminar, they were making fun of Est. Because one of the things about Est that actually wasn't true, but close to true, is that they used to lock him in the room and not let him leave. You know, you didn't get a bathroom break. It was sort of true. The new element that Werner brought to Est, well, two things. One is, what we're talking about with John this morning, he really perfected. And prior to Werner, I don't think anybody perfected it, but religions. He called it, sell it by zealot. So Werner really perfected the uncompensated sales force. So don't think about customers randomly referring people. Think about an organization of people with a hierarchical structure, with management, with not quotas, but goals, with recognition for performance. All of the things you would do with a sales force, the only thing missing is paying them. And he was brilliant at it. And the business was largely driven by it. So literally you had the same kind of introductory seminar, just like an opportunity meeting, that I described in turn, except, and you had everybody brought by somebody else, it's just nobody was getting any money. Except Werner. And the other thing is that the kind of thing we do in marketing seminars, little hot seats, which you'll see a couple tonight if we don't get to any others. He really perfected what I would call a psychological hot seat. And so very confrontational, one on one, in front of everybody else. Processing is the human potential word for it. In a sense, there's a little bit of cold read to it. And I gave you some cold reading scripts. But it is really forcing a person to really talk about it, admit what's going on with them. And so it's like a marketing hot seat, except it's personal growth. And really that's a large part of what it was about, and a large part of the fascination with it. Penn Patrick, we talked about monohand with Domino's. So what's the new element monohand brought to the pizza business? Speed of delivery. And reliability of delivery. I mean, he figured out what nobody had ever figured out before. And nobody had ever really bothered to figure out, because they thought it couldn't be figured out. He figured out we can get it there in 30 minutes with such reliability by God we'll promise it. It is a game changing element.