Hey everyone, this is Russell Brunson again. Welcome back to Funnel University. Today, classes and session, we're going to be talking about one of my favorite funnels. This is a funnel that Garrett White created to sell Warrior Week. Now if you've been in my community at all, you probably know a little bit about Garrett. He came and spoke at the very first funnel hacking event. He's speaking the second one. And the way I found out about Garrett, I didn't know who he was until probably eight months into ClickFunnels. Support taken from some guy saying, hey, love ClickFunnels. We've shifted everything over. We're making whatever. A couple, 500 grand a month, whatever it was, appreciate you. And so, support guy sent to me, hey, this guy's making like half a million bucks a month. You should check him out. So I go to this page and I watch the first video and I was just like sucked in. And to the next page, there's like this huge documentary and I got sucked in. And anyway, I need this to say, I called him next day, got to know him, invited him to speak at our event and show off this stuff. And it was pretty awesome. So a couple of cool things about his funnel that I want to stress that he talked about at our event. And something that I think all of us need to be thinking about is a lot of times we try to create things that are going to appeal to everyone and bring everybody in. Whereas Garrett's funnel is the opposite. All about chopping people out and pushing away so you only get the core few people that you do want. And so for some of you guys who watch the video, maybe offended, he drops the F-bomb a lot. There's a lot of things like that that are happening. And he's saying things and he's pushing, you know, immediately cutting out women. He's immediately cutting out these types of men and all sorts of stuff. And he finds the people he wants. And I've seen as he has taken this funnel since I first met him and he's blown it up. And it's the point where it's doing some amazing numbers. And now he's kind of transitioning his model away. But the core concepts behind this are amazing. So I want to walk you through this funnel. So it all begins over here with his landing page. And notice the first thing is who he's calling out. Like, who is his client? His client is married businessmen, not businessmen. It's married businessmen. Okay. And so he's right out of the bat saying that. And then you've got this video of him and this very intense video of him talking to you and telling the story and calling you out to get you engaged enough to be like, man, I got to figure out what in the world this guy's talking about. And what's interesting is you see tons of squeeze pages like, hey, get a free ebook or free report or free email. Something stupid like that, right? One thing Garrett said at our event, he's like, I'm a man. Like what would I want? He's like, I like watching documentaries and videos and movies. I want, that's what I want. Right? A lot of times we're thinking like, what are other internet marketers doing? And they're trying to, you're trying to make stuff based on, on everybody else as opposed to like you as your customer, what would you want? What would get you engaged enough to actually give them their email address? For him, it says documentary. So that's kind of their, their big pitch. Opt in here and you're going to get this documentary. So you do opt in and it takes you over here to the 60 minute documentary talking about Warrior Week. And you may think, who's going to watch a 60 minute documentary? Cause it's pretty long. But if you scroll through here, you can see it's, it's pretty intense. It's him talking. It's showing Warrior week. It's all this stuff that's, that's happening. You got him crying, these guys crying and it's this, it's, it's a pretty amazing thing. Right? So there's, there's the documentary. And if you scroll down here, it's kind of cool as it shows similar to some of our other phones where this thing we call video spoiler boxes. He kind of does that here where he's breaking down like, here's what's going to happen to documentary and you kind of see it. So that way you're not wondering where things are going. You're saying, okay, you know, first thing we're talking about, cancel King's, why Warrior Week, divine darkness. And it kind of like intrigues you right. And I got to watch 27 minute mark cause I'm going to find out Warrior week or about reverse production or all these different things. Okay. And you notice this hundred 21. So it's actually like two hours, even though it only says 16 minutes. So he's bringing you in though and it's, it's keeping you in. And one thing interesting he told me at the event, he said that the average person watches this documentary four times before they apply to become a part of Warrior week. And so people are spending eight, 10, 12 hours watching this process before they're willing to take the leap. So again, it's not about like a quick fast conversion. It's about how do you get people and get in their heads where you're just like they, it creates desire and want and something that they want to be part of. And through this email sequences and everything else that's happening, they're building a culture and a community that, that the people who's calling out married businessmen will want and they're going to be want to be part of. And so it's not about like a quick fast converting cell. It's more about how do we, how do we show through documentary style? Like how do we show this movement and what it is and why it's important and why you should be part of it? So I think it's brilliant. It's something I've never done, but I really, really want to do is build out a whole documentary about, about what we do. So after you watch the documentary and you finally decided to do it, you click here to apply for Warrior week, which then takes you over here. Hopefully you guys can see it. To run out of this page, Garrett has a very personal video to you. Like the other, the, the documentary is like a, you know, a mass thing where this one is very much him saying, Hey guys, welcome. You're here. You know, there, there's a spot that could be potentially spot for you need to apply and have the application form. And the very first step in the application form, because they try and cut people out. Like are you a man or a woman? If you're a woman, boom, he kicks you out. Like he doesn't want to work. He's only working with married businessmen, right? But he goes through this application process to figure out if you're good, if you're worthy, if you're going to be the right fit for them. Okay. It's all about positioning and posturing. It's the key with any kind of really expensive high ticket sales is positioning and posturing. And that's what's happening here in this video. I love because he's, he's basically calling, calling, um, calling you out and welcoming you and telling you what to expect and kind of walking you through the process. So that's the fourth page here in the sequence. And after you go through and after you apply, now his goal is indoctrination. Okay. As if you haven't been indoctrinated through the documentary already, but now he wants you to be consumed and to learn and to go through this stuff. So when you do pick up the phone, you're ready. The positioning and the posturing indoctrination is done. So here it takes you to the thank you page, which thank you page. Like, Hey, watch this video, schedule an interview with Sam and then unlock your private quarters. And you go in here and there's more training, like hours and hours and hours of training. All this stuff is completely free. The goal is to get you indoctrinated and make you want to be part of this community, be part of this tribe and to ascend and go to warrior week with him. And that's kind of what the funnel looks like. Now, like most funnels, it's not just one funnel. Okay. He's stacking multiple funds, but this is his front end funnel that gets people to warrior week. Now warrior week takes them through a four day process. They have an amazing experience. And then at the end of that, he pitches them, I believe a $50,000 program. And last time I talked to him, and again, he's shut down most of the warrior weeks. Last time I talked to him at that warrior week, he, he was averaging, I think of eight people, they were averaging six out of eight people were signing for a $50,000 program. So that's like the next part of the funnel that we don't get to see online, but it's there. So I want you guys thinking through that. Like how, how can you create your product, your business, your experience and put it in somebody that's like, do you have something as experiential? If not, can you create something? Because when people see that experience, they, they want to be part of that. People want to belong. And that's really the power of this funnel. So I'm going to map it out for you guys here. So you can see the whole thing once again. All right. So the funnel begins right here with a squeeze page and it's pitching, pitching the documentary video right here. And then they can opt in. Now again, I want to, I want to stress this right here. He's pitching the doc. He's selling people on why they should come watch this documentary. He'll obviously, we don't sell our opt in, right? We're like, Hey, give us your email address and I'll show you a free ebook. Like the, like you have to sell it every single step. Like this page, you have to sell the next thing. So you're selling, give me your email. Just, you're watching this amazing documentary. He's got a three or four minute video here of him selling you on why you need to give him email address and watch the documentary. Okay. No, no, no, just me that and like, Hey, give me your email address. I'll send you a documentary. He's pitching this so that you've got desire. If you don't have a desire, you're not going to give an email address and you're certainly not going to spend two hours watching a documentary. Okay. So you were selling the desire at every single step along the way page over here. He's got, he's got the documentary. I'm going to love my awesome handwriting. Okay. He's showing the documentary here. He's got the, the apply button right here. He's got the video spoiler talking about, here's what's happening at each step in the video to help pull them through the video. Okay. After this, you click on the apply button, which then takes you to the personal video of Garrett speaking directly to you. Okay. Again, this is talking to the masses and you apply. Now it's becoming a personal conversation, personal conversation with you over here. And they've got an application form that you fill out to see if you're going to be a good fit. So here's your application page after they apply. And they get taken over here to what I like to call the indoctrination page. Okay. And here he's, um, first step, he's getting them to watch some videos. Second step, set up the schedule, the call with Sam. So call and talk to Sam. And then the third step here is watching videos to indoctrinate to, to get deeper rooted into the concept that he's trying to sell you on throughout this entire process. And there it is. There is the warrior week funnel. And then like I said, post funnel out here on the end of this, after they come to warrior week, put this right here, warrior week, then here's where we upsell. Your big, big, big ticket product. Okay. And so this, this concept can fit for a lot of things. Doesn't have to mean you have to run your own week long training programs. But what do you sell as experiential as an event? It's a seminar, it's a workshop, it's a mastermind. What is that? How do you capture that into a documentary form? And then you're pitching everything along the way. And then when they come to that experiential thing, like what's the next thing you can offer them? You may think, as I remember, I first joined my very first mastermind program. And, and I told the group that I was selling a $5,000 program. They said, what do you sell to people pay $5,000? I'm like, nothing. That's my back end. And they said, you have to understand, like you have a $5,000 buyer right there. Like you need to sell them the next thing. And I'd pay 25 grand to be in that mastermind group. And that night they pitched us on a $30,000 thing to be part of this, this a documentary video and half of the room went and paid an extra 30 grand to be part of that. It was crazy to me. You know, Garrett, you're paying $10,000 to become, to go to warrior week and he's pitching another $50,000 thing there. Most of you think that's not possible. No one's going to do that. But if you structure it right and providing value and you're indoctrinating, you're doing all these things we talked about, it is possible. It's happening right now and it can happen in your business as well. So I hope you enjoyed the warrior week high ticket funnel. That's one of my favorite. And I hope you guys model this in your business as well. Thanks.