Hey everyone, this is Russell Brunson and I welcome you back to Funnel University. I'm so excited to have you guys here. And this month, we're breaking down a couple really cool funnels. The first one I want to talk about is a funnel that we recently did called Double Your Reading. Some of you guys probably saw it or participated in it. Every January, we do a live event with Howard Berg, the world's fastest reader. And we do it in a way that's different and something I don't see a lot of people doing. I talked about this concept in the Dotcom Seekers book. And actually my friend, Dagen Smith, I did a whole three day event about two and a half years ago teaching this concept. No one's really doing it, so I wanted to show you guys behind the scenes of what it is and how it works because when you learn, how it all works is pretty cool. So the original concept behind this is something we call the Invisible Funnel. And the way it kind of became a thing was back in the day I was working for a guy named Chet Holmes who passed away a couple of years ago. He had this really cool business and what he would do is he would have people come on a three hour webinar and then the webinar he'd sell them like a $5,000 package. But the way he structured that webinar was really cool. He said basically you come in and you put your credit card down but you didn't have to pay anything right now. And you could go through that entire process, the entire three hours and the end of it, if you loved it, you would pay I think it was $297 and if not, you didn't pay anything. So it's kind of like going to a restaurant, eating all the food and after you were done, if you thought it was amazing, then you would pay. If not, then you didn't pay anything. Or going to a movie and sitting through the whole movie and then the end of the movie like you know was that worth, was that worth the $10? Yeah, it was or nope it was and that movie sucked. Right, whatever it is. And so that's how he did everything and it was really cool. And so I was talking one day to Dagan Smith, who's a close friend and I showed him Chet's model. I mean this is what he's doing and he'd chat and Dagan was like how can I replicate that online? And so a few days later he launched the very first ever Invisible Funnel online and he crushed it. After that he showed me then I launched Invisible Funnel. We had a whole bunch of other people launching Invisible Funnels and then we did like I said, did a live event that was just for the top thought leaders in about 12 different industries. They all came and we taught them and a bunch of people have done it but that's about it. And so I wanted, I'm trying to share more and more about this because the concept is really, really cool. And so basically the concept is, like I said, is you have to be able to deliver something to someone like a tangible result. So for example, double your reading, the tangible result was we will help you to double your reading during this training. So you come on, you put your credit card down, go through the entire training process and at the end of it, if and only if you double your reading do you pay. If you don't, let us know and we won't bill you anything. So that was kind of the concept behind it. I think this is the third year we've done. Every January we do it with Howard Berg because he's awesome and I think everyone should learn how to double their reading and so it's just kind of a fun promotion. We just did it recently and so I want to show you guys behind the scenes of how it works. So I'm taking you over here to the monitors. So this is the page and again you can see it live if you go to www.weereading.com. Basically it's a headline that talks about the big results. The big result is double your reading or you don't pay anything. Like that's it. Pretty simple. So here's the slide here that follows. If you read the dot-com secrets book, there's a script in there that I used for my invisible funnel sales videos and basically this goes through there where it talks about like here's the result you're going to get. You don't pay unless it's amazing and that kind of a thing. Then down here you've got the button where they can apply to read and then here I kind of like having the terms written out because I don't want people to get confused and and refund to be upset or whatever. So I write it out again. So basically it says this house is going to work. So number one, you put your credit card to reserve your spot. Number two, you're going to attend the workshop and then number three, if you haven't double your reading, let us know and you won't pay dime. If so, we're going to bill you just $100. So that's how we run the last, the first year. The second year we added a little tweak. So if you come down here, this is what it looks like right here. So basically we had the option where if you double your reading, it pays $0 now, then $100 in five days if you double your reading. But we added the second option and said, hey, if you know you're going to go through this anyway and you love it, just prepay and you'll save $20. It's only $80. And what was interesting is more than it was between 70 and 80% of the people took the prepay option, which was amazing because we ended up making a ton of money up front on an offer. It's basically a free offer. So that was really, really cool. So that was the first page here. All right. Now Howard has a whole bunch of other products and services. So we took all his best stuff and we bundled it together and we made an upsell. So this is kind of the upsell right here. And it was basically his 12 week course, $197 if they want to buy. And if they say yes, boom, it adds it to their order. If they say no, then it doesn't obviously. And I think the conversion on that was upwards of 18%, which is amazing. And so between this and this, like this campaign, once again, crushed it and did amazing. And so that's basically the funnel. Then after that, then they come in here and this is kind of the members area right here. The members area, we've got, you know, kind of show them how it all works and have all the handouts in ahead of time. And then we posted the replay here. So if any of you guys do want to go back and funnel hack it and buy it, you'll see the actual replay of the webinar here. But before we just had a registration, they click here to register for the webinar and they jumped on and we did this four hour webinar with Howard. And then we got a bunch of other things. In fact, one of the bonuses I offered anyone who went through this invisible funnel is actually the share funnel for this invisible funnel. So if you do get W reading, you can get the share funnel for it right there. But that's kind of the concept. So basically three pages. Step one was the sales page, step two is the upsell page and step three is the members area. So if you guys through this real quick over here as we sketch it out. So the first page here in the invisible funnel is basically typically we got a sales video here and we're talking about the result. We've done, we've done, we've done the invisible funds on a bunch of markets. We did in the dating market was like, come on this webinar and then we're gonna teach you how to get a girlfriend this weekend. Go out and we can get a girlfriend. If you do, then you don't pay anything. If you don't get a girlfriend lesson on Monday, we won't bill you. We've done the couponing industry like show you how to save much money in your groceries. We've done it in weight loss. We've done it in juicing. We've done it in a ton of different places. So this concept works, but it all ties down to having a result you can deliver during this live training. Then you've got your, your add the cart button down here to cart. And then here we had obviously kind of the, here's, here's the rules of what's happening so they understand. And then for the order block, what we did, like I said, as we have the, the zero dollars and then, and then the full pay or we have pre-pay and save for us to save 20 bucks. Okay. So that's, that's the first page. And from there we took them to a very simple upsell. Upsell video is just taking this result and then taking the results like, like one thing you're going to give them in your system. This is now like the, the entire thing. So for here it was this 12 week course basically had a, add to order button. So they add that to the order. We did ours for $197. Depending on what you're selling comes there. And then here's the members area where you actually deliver the webinar. So we just had basically video here and then register for webinar and the register and then they go on the webinar over here. This is where you deliver the actual result. And that's kind of it. So there is, there is what the invisible funnel kind of looks like. Now a couple of things that we didn't do with howards that you could do on like a typical invisible funnel webinar is a lot of times on this webinar you got someone and we have like 85, 90% show parade on these webinars. People stay for the entire four hours. So for me as someone who likes to sell stuff, like the best time to sell something after they got an amazing result and you got something like the next thing, right? And so what we do a lot of times, and again, we need it for howards just because he didn't really have like a really high ticket thing, but offering your high ticket programs is amazing on the end of invisible funnel webinar. So adding, you're offering your, your high and coaching program, you know, a done for you system, whatever it is you have, if it's there really, really good. And so that you guys is an invisible funnel. So now you got no excuses if you've been wondering, should I do one? Should I not do one? It works amazing. We don't typically drive a lot of cold traffic to this. Usually this is something we do with our list and it does a couple of things. It gives you a cool way to monetize your list. It gives them a cool experience. So they have a chance to spend three or four hours with you to build the bond and a relationship with them. That's amazing. You're giving them a result, which is exciting. You make some money and it becomes a really fun, cool thing. So we do these a couple of times throughout the year and based on different topics and it's one of the best things you can do. So I hope you guys enjoyed that. And that's how you run your very own invisible funnel.