Okay, so now we have the headline for our squeeze page.
The next step is to actually get our squeeze page set up.
So I'm gonna come over and click Funnels.
I'm gonna choose an Optin Funnel.
And my name is what I'm gonna call it Paleo Funnel.
I'm just gonna group it as demo.
I'm gonna create a funnel.
Now this will go and actually create the squeeze page and the thank you page for my Optin Funnel.
Again, Optin Funnels are very simple.
They're just two step, two page funnels.
And so I'm gonna show you how we use this.
So again, here's my Optin Funnel.
First step is pick which template I wanna use.
And there are tons of good ones in here.
So you just gotta kinda pick which one you like the most.
So I think for this one, I'm gonna pick this one.
And again, all these are really good templates.
So it just depends on which one you like the most.
There's no other thing to focus on outside of that.
Then click on Open Editor.
And now I have the ability to come here and actually edit this website.
So what I'm gonna do is, first thing is I'm gonna use my headline right here.
So I started with Warning.
I'm gonna put this up here, Warning.
I'm gonna make it bold.
I'm gonna click on this little gear and I can have a bunch of other options.
So I'm gonna make it really big.
I'm gonna make it huge.
I probably want it red.
So I'm gonna click on Text Color and just drag it over here to like red.
Yeah, it looks better.
So there's red.
Then here's my sub-headline.
So I'm gonna do this.
Controversial New Diet.
It allows me to eat my favorite foods, including these.
I don't like that purple color.
So I'm gonna click on this little gear.
Find the purple and I'm gonna change it to black.
Much better.
So there's my headline.
Now I got this product in here.
So I'm gonna click on that.
Actually, I'm just gonna delete this because I don't like it.
So I'm gonna delete it.
Now if I have a little blue thing like this, I click on the blue and it'll let me create rows.
I'm gonna show you why, but I'm gonna create three column block.
I want three columns here.
I'm gonna have three pictures here.
I'm gonna drag this down below.
Let me see.
Actually, I'm gonna need to do this.
Okay, so I have three things.
So this is Warning, Controversial New Diet.
Let's meet these favorite foods.
I'm gonna click on this one here.
I'm gonna add a single image.
I click on Image.
Click on this little plus button.
I can pick an image.
So I'm gonna, I just went over here to Icon Finder.
I typed in Food.
I can search icons.
It's gonna find a whole bunch of free icons I can use.
So I'm gonna find some stuff.
So what would be some cool things?
Maybe Pizza.
So I'll click on Pizza and it'll upload Pizza to my account.
And so then I can use that as one of my images.
So I got Pizza.
I'll click on here.
Single image, click on Image.
Click on plus to find the image.
I'm gonna put a hamburger.
Now the third one.
Same thing, I'm gonna come over to Icon Finder, try to find another food.
Let's see, maybe I can show them.
Ooh, some cake, that sounds good.
So now my thing's got some images.
Now obviously I can use Icon Finder's images or I can bring my own or I can take my own pictures.
There's a lot of ways to skin the cat.
I'm just trying to show you conceptually how it works real quick.
So now I got a cool squeeze page.
Warning, Controversial New Diet lets you eat your favorite foods including these.
Boom.
Put your email address in below for a free video showing you how.
Right, something like that.
Now if I wanted to, again, I could have a video in here.
If I wanted a video, I'd hover over here.
Click on the little plus button and I find video.
Oh, video, and I could have a video here if I wanted to.
So you grab video, but I'm not gonna do it for this example.
I'm just gonna do simple, easy headline.
And I don't want this whole section down here.
So I'm just gonna delete it.
Boom, it's gone.
Now I've got a really cool squeeze page that I bet it'll convert really good on Facebook.
I will save that and that's it for this step.
All right, on the next step, I'm gonna show you guys how to set up your thank you page or your bridge page.