Okay, one last thing I want to show you is if you notice that right now the name of my page is this really long weird thing and same with this one here.
So I like to update these.
And then guys, there's a lot of features inside of ClickFunnels that I'm not going to be able to show you every single one because there's so many things, but you can set split tests on this page.
You can do a bunch of other things.
But this one I think is important.
I like changing the name.
So click on this little gear here.
It'll pop open and I can change the path whatever I want.
So I can call it Paleo Hacking or whatever I want to call it.
I click update and it'll update that page.
Now it's my page is called, which is kind of cool.
Other things that I can change this one.
Instead of saying successsetter.clickfunnels.com, I can make this, I can set up a custom domain so that it looks like one of my domains.
You do that by going to my account, clicking on the settings tab.
And of course the settings won't look as good when I'm doing this live.
There we go.
So I come down here and I'm going to click on custom domains.
And there's kind of a lot, it's a little process to get your first custom domain set up.
And so I can explain the whole thing.
This is kind of how it all works.
But I can set up a custom domain.
So here's a bunch of my custom domains that I've set up inside of here.
And so basically you just need to set one up.
And again, it took me a little while to figure it out.
If you get stuck, we've got some really good support documents here that will walk you through it.
Also you can click on the help tab on anywhere inside of ClickFunnels and our customer support team.
Let me see.
There's the help tab right here.
You can come and help you as well if you get stuck.
But you set up a custom domain and it was cool.
So I got my custom domain set up.
Then I can go in and I actually go here inside of the editor.
So let me shrink this down so you guys can see it.
I'll go inside the editor here after my custom domain set up.
And then up here on the right hand side on settings, click here, custom domain.
And all my custom domains will show up here.
So I've got ClickFunnels.com.
All the ones I've set up myself.
And I'll just find the one that I set up.
So let's say I set up PayTheOHackingSecrets.com.
It'll show up in here.
I click on it and then boom, what will happen.
I think I'm not going to do it right now.
But what happens is that this website URL would change from successseture.clickfunnels.com to paytheohackingsecrets.com slash paytheohacking.
So a lot of people have been asking about that and that's what I like to do because I love having my domains look like my own.
So I do it by setting up custom domain here in my account under settings and then updating it there inside the editor.
So again, if you have any questions about that, we've got some really good documentation to walk you through it.
Or click on the help tab here and someone from my team can help walk you through the process.
Thank you.