Mission #3
offer
sequencing
Week 1
***
***
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 1 of 6 --

Mission #3
offer 	sequencing
Checklist for Today:
 Watch Russell’s Video
 Fill out the worksheet below
 Watch Julie’s helpful walkthrough tutorial
 Create the offer you’re going to use in your funnel
 Go to the One Funnel Away (OFA) community and comment on today’s
mission thread when you’re done with the word - #MISSIONCOMPLETE
You’ve practiced offer building yesterday, now it’s time to take your actual
idea from Mission #1, and actually BUILD the offer!
Write down your core product:
One Funnel Away: Week One
Mission #3: Offer Sequencing - 1
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 2 of 6 --

Write down the false beliefs your customer will have about buying that thing:
false Beliefs
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
Brainstorm all the extra product ideas you could add to the core one:
Mission #3: Offer Sequencing - 2
Written Word
Spoken Word
Physical Products
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 3 of 6 --

Misc. Products
What False Belief or Objection does it crush?
Mission #3: Offer Sequencing - 3
Your funnel will have three pages...the squeeze page, the sales page, and
the OTO page. Pick out pieces from your brainstorm above, and fill out your
offer below.
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 4 of 6 --

Mission #3: Offer Sequencing - 4
**NOTE**
The sexier the product, the more “in front” it needs to be. Many times we
think to put our best stuff in the back for the highest price, but it’s not the
right way to do it. Put your best and sexiest stuff in front, as the FREE stuff, to
get them in the door. The 2nd most sexy piece should be the first sales page
offer, and the least sexy, should be the OTO.
The other thing to remember is that sequencing matters. If someone goes
into a store for a party, they might go buy hot dogs and hamburgers first.
Then they’ll go look for buns, chips, and soda. Your offer has to make sense
logically. It wouldn’t work to try to sell buns first.
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 5 of 6 --

This newsletter is for research purposes only. All of the webpages and advertising is copyrighted by
the original owners. You may borrow the ‘ideas’ in these ads and pages, but you may NOT use any of the
actual advertising copy or designs.
You do not have resell rights or giveaway rights to any portion of this Publication. Only customers
that have purchased this publication are authorized to view it. This publication contains material
protected under International and Federal Copyright Laws and Treaties. No part of this publication may
be transmitted or reproduced in any way without the prior written permission of the author. Violations
of this copyright will be enforced to the full extent of the law.
The information services and resources provided in this book are based upon the current internet
marketing environment. The techniques presented have been extraordinarily lucrative and rewarding.
Because the internet is constantly changing, the sites and services presented in this book may change,
cease or expand with time. We hope that the skills and knowledge acquired from this course will
provide you with the ability to adapt to inevitable internet evolution. However, we cannot be held
responsible for changes that may affect the applicability of these techniques.
Any earnings, income statements or other results, are based on our own testing and are only
estimates of what we think you could earn. There is no assurance you will do as well as stated in any
examples. If you rely upon any figures provided, you must accept the entire risk of not doing as well as
the information provided.
Screenshots in this book are from publicly accessible field archives. All product names, logos and
artwork are copyrights of their respective owners. None of the owners have sponsored or endorsed this
publication. While all attempts have been made to verify information provided, the author assumes
no responsibility for errors, omissions, or contrary interpretation on the subject matter herein. Any
perceived slights of peoples or organizations are unintentional. The purchaser or reader of this
publication assumes responsibility for the use of these materials and information. No guarantees of
income are made. The author reserves the right to make changes and assumes no responsibility or
liability whatsoever on behalf of any purchaser or reader of these materials.
Legal Disclaimer And
Terms Of Use
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 6 of 6 --

