Hey everyone, this is Russell Brunson, welcome back to Mission Number 3. Now in today's mission we're going to start getting into your offer sequencing. But hopefully yesterday you had a fun kind of going back and picking some kind of object, some kind of product, a book, a movie, whatever, and actually creating an offer and testing it, trying to pitch it to a friend or a family member or something just to see what it's like to see if they'd be willing to trade money for this offer and what you'd have to do to increase the value to actually be able to trade it. I hope you had fun with that. It's a fun exercise that I think everybody should be doing to start understanding these things. Alright, now today we're going to start doing that though for your specific product. So what are you thinking right now through the lens of like the product or the service you're selling? Okay, we've talked about this before. Some of you guys are coming with the products and some of you guys are new and I figured out a product. So if you don't have a product yet, feel free to be an affiliate for ClickFunnels or for my books or whatever makes sense. If you do have a product though, focus on that as we're doing this. Now what I want you guys doing today is I want you to sit down and actually figure out, okay, for my offer, for the product I'm actually selling, what are all different little mini products I can create that I could bundle together potentially. And the first time I ever did this actually, it's kind of funny. I had been growing my company. If you watch the one Funnel Way video during the pre-training, you probably heard about this, but I built my company up and during Christmas time it all collapsed. And what we did is, I didn't know what to do. I had no money and I had all these people that we were paying and so I called them up. I said, come in Saturday and let's figure out a way to save Christmas, right? And we sat down from a huge whiteboard and we did this. We literally said, okay, we have to make an offer and sell it to our small group of people because that's our last hope. It's like, well, if we were to create an offer, it would be the most amazing thing ever that we could create for them. We started listing out, we would do this and we do this and we had a whole, we spent two or three hours mapping on a whole whiteboard, everything we would do and that's what we started with. We were able to pull the pieces out to actually create the offer. So if you use kind of the same thing right now, for your offer, you know the product you're selling, we're going to wrap it inside an offer. I want you to just brainstorm and don't be limited by like, oh, I'm not going to write a book. Just like, if you could possibly write a book, write a book, right? But just start brainstorming. What are all the things inside the written word I could do? And like, I could do this, I could do this and I found there's this public domain book here and I could call this guy and I could call this person and there's lists out as many different potential things as you could create or you've already created, right? You could plug in there's written things. That's like a spoken word. What can you do for videos or audios or interviews or things like that and list out all of the potential things that you could potentially have, right? List out as many as you can possibly think of. The more, the better. Here we build a whole like palette of these different things. Then physical products, what kind of physical products do I give my people? Can I give them this? Can I give them this? And just keep mapping out as many things as you can think of as you can find. We're going to build out this thing and say the other. Like what else could you do? Facebook groups, fly events, coaching calls, Skype calls, one-on-one coaching. I'm going to have them fly to my house, like whatever, right? Even if some of them aren't realistic and just map out as many things as you have, right? So I have a whole palette of stuff and this is the key. This is where most of you guys struggle at funnel and start building a funnel and you're like, okay, what's, I have a funnel. What's the first page? Okay. And then like, what do I put on it? And then like, what's the, and like, you don't know what to do and like, it's because you're not starting with this. This is, this is like, here's the water, right? Here's the iceberg. This is all the stuff under the water. This is the bottom of it, right? The tip is like the funnel that you actually see. So a lot of you is jumping in and trying to build the tip of the iceberg and keep sinking. It's like, because you don't have a foundation. There's all this stuff down here you have to learn how to do. You have to create an actual good offer, right? And then everything will work. Okay? So for the first step now is creating all this stuff. Okay? If you don't know what that is yet, pause this, take your kids, take people who you're working with with and like brainstorm, sit in front of a whiteboard and just map out like all the things you could possibly do to get somebody to buy whatever it is you got. Okay? All right. Now, after you do that, the next step is I'm going to map, I'm going to show you guys kind of the basic funnel that we're going to be doing during this, this, the one funnel way challenge. But this process works in any funnel. So I want to kind of emphasize that. But the basic funnel we're going to be creating is very simple. It's like, it's like the Mr. Miyagi funnel. It's like, it's so simple. It's like the wax the, wax the car paint the fence one. It's just like so simple and so easy. And somebody asking like, it's got to be more complicated. I'm like, no, really most of my funnels are simple like this one. Okay. So the first page of this funnel is going to be called what we call a squeeze page. Okay. The second page is going to be a sales page. And the third page is going to be called an upsell page or an OTO page, which stands for one time offer. Okay. So this is going to be a three page funnel that we're going to be building. So we'll get deeper to this right now. I just want you to understand there's going to be these three pages. So we got to feel what's the offer in all these pages. And then back here is going to be your ad. Okay. So this is, this is where we are starting from. So I think most of you guys are familiar with ads, right? You see them in Facebook, you see them in Instagram, you see them in YouTube, you see them everywhere you go, right? So I'm not going to spend too much time on that. You got to create ad that's going to get someone to click, right? So why is someone clicking on your ad? Think through that. Like what's the offer of the ads? Someone's clicking on this for what? Like what are they coming over here to do? Okay. One of the examples I'll show you here on my computer. This is a squeeze page we have. And you look at it's really simple. It says marketing secrets, black book, 99 marketing secrets. So change your business and change your life. And there's a picture of the book and this is give me your email address. Okay. And you give me email address, I'm going to give you this book. There's the offer. So the ad is really simple. It's like, hey, I wrote this really cool book. It's called the black book or marketing secrets black book. If you want a free copy of it, click here. Okay. So they're clicking to get a free copy. They click on it. They come right here and the page is like, cool. Give me your email and I'll give you something. I'm trading it. Right. So for this, all we did, like we literally, this is a, if you want to know how we created this black book, what we did is I basically went and I've been doing a podcast now for like, I don't know, for forever, like five or 600 episodes now. Right. So I've been doing this podcast forever and we transcribed them all, but I had Julie story on my team go through this and I said, we listen to all the podcasts and find like the best things and just like rewrite them in like a little story. So she went through, listen to all of them and she found 99 of the ones had the best like story and then she kind of retyped out like, oh, this marketing secret is this and she kind of wrote it out and each one's like 500 words. Okay. And so this book is basically, it's 99 500 word articles that were pulled from my podcast. Okay. So you can do the same thing if you have your own podcast or your own Facebook lives or if you've done anything that I've been publishing at all, you can go back and you can get somebody transcribed and do something simple like that. Okay. But this was, this was just like one thing we had here where it was like, this is, this is the marketing secret black book. Some of it could create or something we did create. Some of it's been sitting on the shelf for five years or something I found in the public domain or whatever it is, right? It's just there. Okay. And so then on this page, like that's the offer. Okay. So the ad right here is like, if you click here, I'm going to give you a chance to get the free book, right? So click in here. That's what the offer is on this page. Now what's the offer on the actual squeeze page? Okay. Squeeze page is really simple again. It's, it's get, oops, it's get the PDF of the black book. So get the PDF and print it out. So I take one, I take one piece of this, like whichever one seems the sexiest, I grab it and it becomes the thing I give away for free. Okay. I think sometimes people overcomplicate. They're like, what am I going to put on my squeeze page? Like, they, they, they, like, it's just like find something awesome that people want and then give that away for free. Something you would normally sell and just give away for free. Like, but that's a cool product. I spent tons of time and energy like creating that. Like why would I give away for free? Like because you want people to like you and you want to build a relationship with them. So getting something awesome. Like my hard cost to create this book was like 10 grand. I paid Julie a lot to do it, right? So for me, it was expensive, but I get away for free because right now this page gets like an 83% opt-in rate. So 83% of people hit this page give me the email address and like for me, that's super valuable. So it doesn't be, you don't have to spend 10 grand for your squeeze page thing, but give them something awesome. Like maybe it's an interview you did with so-and-so about whatever. Maybe it's something that finds something amazing up here from your offer and just pull that thing out and get away for free. Okay. Like that's the easiest way to do a squeeze page. Okay. Then you come to the second page that, okay, and I want you guys to think through that customer journey, right? So somebody sees my ad. This is a human being, right? Because this is just humans, right? They're on their phone, they're scrolling through the CD, they click on it, they come over here and you're like, cool, give me your email address. I'm going to give you this PDF. I'm like, sweet. So you give you the email address, they give you the PDF, put the email in here. Now you're taking the next page. As the next page, you're like, cool. I just emailed you the PDF. It's in your inbox. Hope you love it. But what do you know about this person right now? I know that you just asked for the marketing secrets black book. It means you're interested in marketing stuff. So then I have my video right here. It could be basically like, hey, and we'll get into story later. I can talk about today. But I talk about the story about something and then I'm going to make an offer. Okay. But on this page, I'm going to sell something. Let's say I'm selling for 37 bucks, right? So I need to create an offer where the $37 is super cheap for the offer, right? So I'm going to come back here and say, okay, what can I do over here? So I'm like, okay, well maybe I'm going to sell my physical book here. Maybe it's my thing I sell on Amazon right now, right? I grab something and I'm going to take that and that'll be the first part of the offer right here. Okay. And I'm like, well what about this? I could take the interview I did with so and so and grab that and that could be the second part of the offer and I could take, oh, we could do a Facebook group for all the people that buy and make that part of the offer here and I could do this. And you're basically just grabbing different pieces of your potential offers and you're plugging them in until you have something that's worth more than the money you're asking for it. But Russell's got me more complicated than that, right? No, it gets really that easy. As you were offer hacking people on day number one, I hope you saw that. They probably have something like this with a whole bunch of stuff and they're like, hey, for somebody to give me 37 bucks for the Fat to Fit to Fat kit, what do I need to have? I need to have recipes. I need to have a meal plan. I need to have a shopping list. I need to have like boom and they're pulling all the pieces of the stuff they've created and plugging it in. Now they have an offer that's worth more than 37 bucks. Now how do you know if it's worth more than 37 bucks? When you start driving traffic here, if people give you $37 for the thing, you know that's worth that much to them. If they don't, it means your offer sucks. That's it. I don't know how to simplify that. People are like, my funnel is not working. It's like, no, your funnel is not working. They're like, I can't figure out why it doesn't work. They're like, the reason why it doesn't work is because your offer is no good. Nobody's offering me my squeeze page. Why not? Because your offer's horrible. No one's clicking my ad. Why not? Because the offer's horrible. No one's buying my product. Why not? Because the offer's horrible. Right? That's why we spend so much time on the offer. You guys increase the offer, you make it better, people give you money. People give you the email address. People click on your ads. It's not that your funnel doesn't work, it's that your offer sucks. Come back and make your offer better. There's other things. There's Hook and there's Story. Those are the two pieces we talk about throughout this training. It starts with the offer. That's the easiest thing to fix. What can I do? If you don't have anything to create an offer, that's why we had to go back and learn all these different ways and good ideas and techniques and build things out and do a bunch of stuff. We're going to spend the rest of this week actually going through and actually creating these offers. Go into the Rolex. Can people help you with the eBooks? Can you help me do audio interviews? Like getting all these pieces created so you have them. It's all about creating an irresistible offer. Now look at this human being who's coming through. I got excited to click. Now did I get an email address? Cool. If I did, awesome. If not, what's the offer? Maybe this offer sucks. Let me put something else. Let me change it around. Then if that works, they keep moving on their journey. They come over here and it's like, cool. Now they have an opportunity to buy this thing. How good is the offer? Are they going to buy it or not? If the offer is good enough, they're going to give me money. They're going to be excited. Then they go to the upsell page and now I have a chance to make them another offer. You just bought this amazing thing. What's the next logical thing you want? When I come back here and I look up here, I say, what's the next thing that we want? I'm going to create my upsell here. I'll tell my hook, my story and then I'll create an offer. It's the exact same thing. Maybe this is going to be $197. The question is, what do I have up here that I could create that's going to be worth more than $197 to this guy right here? That's it. That's the game, you guys. Maybe I need this and this and this and this. To justify $197 price point, I need a lot more things. I'm going to do this and I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this piece. I'm going to do this piece and maybe I need to plug in some of these until I've got an offer that's worth $197 and people start buying it. If they're not buying it, it means the offer is no good. So make the offer better. Increase the value of the offer and all it does is it makes it seem cheaper to the person. Okay? That's the magic. I'm not decreasing my prices. I'm increasing the offer. Much better way to do business. Everyone's fighting to the bottom. I'm racing to the top. Okay? That's the big difference in what I do and what everybody else does. Those who are killing it in the funnel, they understand this. Make the offer better and it seems cheaper. That's it. Okay? So that's the process. So that's all I want you guys to do right now is I want you to build out this dashboard, all the potential things you could create to plug into your offers and then we're going to start in that later this week, start actually creating stuff. I want you to map them out and then look, this is what my funnel is going to look like. Okay? And every single page is just what the offer is going to be. Okay? Because they're not going to use all of them. This pal will be huge and some of these will use them in a different offer in a new funnel in the future for your webinar, for different pieces. They don't want to be out there now. Right now, look at this. What do I have up here that I could trade something in exchange for the email address? Okay, what do I have here that I could exchange for like $37? What's a really good offer that's going to be kind of my core product that I could sell somebody, that could change, that's going to make a good, that's going to be a good value? What could I do as an upsell? I want you to kind of build out what your offer could be. Okay? Now, one thing I want to stress, because this is one of the biggest misconceptions people always ask Michael Russell, what products should be here and here and what price points and they always ask price points and things like that. And we understand it's not so much price points, right? It comes down to like, what's the logical sequencing of events for somebody? Okay? Come back to the pre-training. I talked to you about how funnels are basically like taking somebody through a store, right? So somebody just came into your store, like click on add, they just showed up at your store. Okay? Now it's like the logical thing. They came in and they're like, hey, I'm here because I'm going on a camping trip. I don't say, cool, let's go get some hot dogs because they're the cheapest. They're here to go camping or they're here because they want to grill. I'm going to take them to the grills. That's the thing that makes the most sense to them, right? And after they have the grills, what's the next thing that they need? Something logically, what's the logical sequencing of events? What's the first thing they need? The second thing and the third thing. Pretend like these are humans because they are. Okay? Pretend like it's a human coming into your world. They just came to your squeeze page and that's you. I'm talking like, okay, I need to get this person to give me my email address. What do I have that makes sense right now? Well, they just clicked on my ad. And what makes the most sense is like, hey, I interviewed this guy named Joe Vitali and he told me all of PT Barnard's best success stories. The interview was an hour long, it was amazing. He normally charges like $2,000 an hour. I'll give you this interview for free if you'll give me an email address. Sweet. And they just trade, right? Now they got that cool. So you just, I just sent you an email from Joe Vitali on PT Barnard. Now I'm going to make a special offer because a lot of you guys have seen the movie Greatest Showman, but I want to make a special offer. So what I'm going to do is now that you're here, now that you've got the interview, I'm going to give you a really special offer. Number one, there's this really cool book I found called The Art of Money getting the PT Barnard world back in the day. They've actually republished it to show you exactly. So the first thing you get is The Art of Money getting this book's awesome. It's short, it's a fast read, but I did that. Uh, but I gave you that book. The second thing is then because you came into my world, right? It's funnel building. Um, I recorded an hour long interview, uh, or just audio of me explaining my thoughts on the art of money getting for funnel builders. And so I'm also going to give you the art of money building for funnel builders. Okay. The third thing we get you is, uh, I got you a free copy of Joe Vitali's book. There's a customer born every minute where he goes through the 10 biggest things of PT Barnard's life, how it can apply back to your life. And then I'm going to go through it. I'm going to create this offer, right? Of the pieces I'm pulling out of this thing. Okay. And then I upsell the next thing. Okay. Cool. So you just bought this course right here. Um, we're going to be doing a live three day virtual event where I'm going to go through, um, the, the PT Barnard stuff, right? I'm going to teach you guys funnel building or whatever, whatever makes logical sense. Okay. So we got grills, then we got our charcoal, then we got our hot dogs, and we got our mustard, right? It's the logical sequencing of event. Act like they're human because they are. What's the first thing they need? The second thing, the third thing, the fourth thing to give them the best customer experience on earth. That's what you're trying to create for them. If you do that, they'll give you more money and they'll be happier with the experience. Okay. If you do it all weird, let's like, get the PT Barnard book and you're like, Oh, by the way, you can lose weight. And then, Oh, by the way, there's this other like credit repair thing. It, it, people will be so confused. That's when they're getting, like they're getting spammed and they run away from you, right? But when you take them through logical sequencing events, it makes, it makes it really simple. So your guys assignment for tonight is just this. I want you to do the exact same process I just did. We map out as many written type things you can think of that you could create for, uh, for your offers, as many spoken things you create for your offers, many physical products, as many other type of tant, untangible things and tangibles and map them all out there. She got a whole, a whole bunch of them you could pick from and then come back. So, okay, what's my squeeze page offer? What's my sales page offer? What's my upsell offer? Pretend like it's again, you get an email address. You're trying to sell something for $37 and something for $97. And that's the assignment for today. So there you go. As that's offer sequencing, have some fun with that. And, uh, tomorrow will be a shorter training. I'm going to show you guys how to amplify and make each of these offers a thousand times more valuable. So, uh, with that said, uh, have fun with the homework and I'll see you guys tomorrow.