What's going on everyone? Welcome to the one fun only challenge. We are on day number three or four I can't remember but I'm very excited for today. We're gonna go over offer sequencing today Today is all about building on what we did yesterday now before we go and get started Please come over to the chat and let me know let me know what it is that was most impactful for you yesterday I want to be able to know uh for future trainings, but also what was the biggest aha I like to go in I see on social media over the place like you guys will comment on the biggest things that you guys like the most Yesterday it seems like people liked most. I don't know. There was kind of all over the place Let me know you said the excel example with the problems. You like that a lot price first value versus cost good stuff Okay, it's good. Uh, how the process just flows the ideas Uh, oh my gosh catching up don't know how to sell the excel example Okay, the excel example is good stuff that we made products based on problems. Ooh, that's juicy stuff right there, right? That's not normal. That's awesome. Uh commodity versus awesomeness The whole build During the offer was so eye-opening uh cleaning up the sick. Uh, I don't know. Okay, sorry. I didn't hear the one just model don't need a product Yeah, okay, cool. Okay, so the entire process that we're at right now is we yesterday was all about helping you kind of be able to brain dump What problems do I want to solve with a product? Okay, and understanding that your product the thing Whether or not it's yours you're selling somebody else's it doesn't matter But anytime there's an opportunity in your life and you start moving towards it Whether that's a product a problem is something an opportunity There is a series of follow-up problems that start that we're not there until you started Okay, and that's like the major key point is when you think about that like It's it's actually the biggest blessing ever when you think about it because I can go in solve the initial problems I want to And it will be the solution to problems that my customer wants But then what's gonna happen a lot of follow-up problems guys This is a never-ending cool game where they continue to have additional good problems Not bad, but good problems that I can go solve with future follow-up Products and continue to add more value to those that I'm serving. Yeah. Yeah, yeah Solving agitating. It's basically it. Yep, right exactly price and value not the same thing 100% Blake absolutely blue ocean I can't read that You missed the boom. Yes, sammy did miss the boom. I was looking For advice on ask campaigns and stuff on your podcast episode. I run ask campaigns. Oh good stuff. I like that building offer Offer creation is where the gold is be the detective not a creative genius, right? That's a big one. Absolute big one That's I think it's very alleviating for people as we continue to play this game Now one thing I do want to bring your attention to is that there were 6,000 people who signed up to take this challenge Already, right? We know that that first week it is frankly. It's meant to sift people out So I want to thank you very much for being here. I want to you should congratulate yourself throw a little part Hey, however you want to to celebrate the fact you're still moving forward on this Okay, we know this is not small what we're asking you to do We know it's not a big a lot of time in order if you actually do it. Okay. This is that's a big That's a big thing. Okay I'm here on now 250 which means usually I have about 400 by the time this is over. Okay? Hey, what today is is it is a build on what was going on yesterday? Okay, so If you haven't done so please go and and I have a Frequently, I will put a place on my board where I know the number one problem. I'm trying to solve at all times Okay, I know what it is. I'm trying to solve it all times. Boom. You know what that is. It's an anchor so Every single time I have started moving towards an opportunity. I've started building a product. I've started moving forward on something It's almost like the world Pops out and says are you sure you really wanted steven? Here's like five more Distractionary things I could just toss your way right now. You guys know what I'm saying? Here's like here's like five or six more Things I'm just going to put out in front of you to see if you really want it And it's going to come in the form of something that's negative in my life as I move forward Something's going to pop up and try and stop me. That's actually a legitimate good another opportunity That's going to try and stop me right there's going to be a lot of things that try to distract me along the way So what I'm saying is congrats. Okay, congrats. It's not It's not uh, it's not easy even just mentally. Okay, and for a long time I didn't want to admit that there was a huge mental aspect to this game Right, but it's a Tara spot on right shiny object syndrome squirrel 100% it can be exhausting And that's one of the purposes why we do want you to be in this group Okay, and we want you to be able to go into mighty networks that that app that we've got you in there We want you to be able to go in invent if you need to okay, don't make it a big monologue But you know what I'm saying like if that's the point of this one of the most shocking things to me about the game when I started this Was how lonely it got Okay, there was not another soul that I personally knew Who was playing the game? Okay, there was doing this Not another soul. How many guys are that way right now? You're like, man, I don't even know anybody else right now Right, and it was hard. Hey, it was like three straight years of me not knowing I knew that Russell Brunson existed I knew that what other people I knew it existed. I but I didn't know another soul In my sphere at all who was doing anything remotely close to what we're doing right now Okay, and that was the most challenging piece funny enough not the concepts not Taking action on certain things it was for me. It was a lot of loneliness. Okay, and it was really really hard for me to do That I was like, I can't relate with anybody. I'm having a hard time You know and I know a lot of you guys might start feeling like that And so that's one of the reasons why we have this network while we do these challenges Why we do funnel hacking live that's actually why I went to the first funnel hacking live that I went to in 2016 because I was like I gotta be around people that are just trying to do stuff I have to be around them like I'm sick and tired of being and feeling that way You know what I mean? And so I went and did that first. Now. How many guys are going to funnel hacking live? Someone said this cool. It's been all my life. Yeah, exactly right and I know for me It's the exact same thing. Oh cool. Cool. A lot of you guys are coming to funnel hacking live awesome It is by far. I have a marketing degree I have no idea what I've used from that marketing degree Everything that I use has come from funnel hacking live. It is the purest form of marketing knowledge I've ever found on the planet because it's not there with sleazy weirdo's case It's just like let's just teach you and let's just get you the info you need to move forward. Okay. I love I love funnel hacking live. So hopefully you guys are coming to that And I know it's in like a month. So I would go get tickets funnelhackinglive.com. Um, okay, so There was um, there was an analogy my dad used to teach me Well, um, he he I can't remember where we were. I think we were coming back from camping or something like that I did a lot of backpacking grown-up and uh, did a lot of maybe that's where this comes from but um My dad had this special ability to look at me every once in a while look right at me and go hey Amazing prolific lesson and I would go wow Amazing jarring response, you know And that is a lot of how my dad interacted with me and he's brilliant. He's very very smart And um, anyway one time he looked at me And we might have just done canoes or something like that and he would he would look he looked at me one time and he goes He goes son You'll notice it in life a lot of people Just get in a canoe And they kind of let the current just take them Okay They'll even just lay down. There's just zone out look at the look at the trees as they pass underneath and this little tiny slow moving river The danger is that they're moving Okay, they have the semblance of motion. They have the semblance of progress. They are actually moving But they're moving at a pace that life would already take them anyway He said it is so funny That most people won't just sit up Grab the oar in their boat and just use it Okay, he's like you'll find that a lot of people in life. They just they're not willing to grab the oar And they're not gonna they're not willing to go and actually create something out of themselves and move forward Now what comes with that is growth pains You're gonna get a little bit of shoulder and back muscles while you row a lot, right Your lungs are gonna get stretched and it's gonna be the burn I'm sure every once in a while some rapids will come up and you have to work extra hard because the path you took is a little bit More challenging. I love that. He taught me that though Okay, and he said he said grab the oar and that's basically what that meant. Okay, grab the oar Okay, you're all doing that and that's the purpose of this now. There's two ways to grab the oar in life Okay, number one is life can force you to grab the oar life can force you to start rowing Okay, and it can do that by massive Issues right personal issues that might go on Uh might get diagnosed with somethings a family member might be in jeopardy You might have your back against the wall in some way. Okay That it's not hard for people to grab the oar and the majority of life and and humanity will grab it When they need to in that scenario most people will do that Okay, most people though will not grab the oar which is the second way out of their own free will Okay, you can either I love they're one of my favorite guys, uh, he swears a lot, so you know, but his name is david goggins Absolutely love him and he says that what one thing that's really interesting about him is uh as he said As soon as I knew what I wanted all I needed was an opportunity to test myself Okay, and I was like, yes, that's that's that's exactly that's exactly what I've been trying to say straight on right and so What I'm saying is this can be the opportunity If you wanted to be this is the opportunity to pick up the oar and just start moving And a lot of times when I'll see people and please don't get offended by this, but I would be in college I would be doing things in the army with groups of friends whatever and I was not judging. I was just observing I was like, man, I I don't know if that guy over there is doing much with his life and I that's it's not to judge But I just haven't seen him do anything right now. When are I starting to feel a little bit of a drift? away From hanging out with that kind of person Okay, and I'm just saying if you're starting to feel that already after a week It is completely normal. It is totally part of the process. You're gonna get more uh Particular with your friends. You're gonna get more particular with Shows you watch whether you do or don't right? You're gonna get more particular with the it's fascinating You're gonna start guarding your mind. Okay. I'm very protective of two things ideas That I don't want in my head. There are poisonous. Okay, and my time. I am a time Nazi if I choose to hang out I'm doing it all out. Okay. If I choose If I choose to accept certain ideas, right? I I don't understand But then I think what do I want to let that in? Okay, and the further and further I've gotten down the path in this game That's been the pattern That's been the pattern the whole way. Okay like-minded people. My friends don't get me anymore, right? And please I understand what I don't like about the entrepreneurial world is there's this banner that's being carried lately That's like I'm an entrepreneur and I choose isolation. No, no, no, no, no, we don't need to do that Okay, I choose distancing myself from my relationships. No, no, no, no, no, right that I I'm actually very against that Okay, it'll happen naturally. You don't need to try to do that. Anyway, okay, but don't you see what I'm saying? What I'm trying to tell you guys to do is seek areas and environments and networks that grow you Don't be the smartest person in the room, right? Don't be the person who is Choosing to isolate out of status. I'm an entrepreneur, right? That's garbage. I hate that Anyway, and just seek to be around with other people Okay, that's why I go to fun hacking live That's why I get there because I've never in my entire life been around that many people who want the same thing that I do And it was a breath of fresh air guys. I remember I went I walked into the room I so remember this so clear as day. I walked into the room at funnel hacking live I had bootstrapped my way there didn't have money traded funnels for plane tickets I didn't even know how to build funnels when I started promising that I literally YouTubeed my way into knowing how to build funnels. I support ticketed my way into knowing how to build funnels I remember the time I went and I asked how to change background color inside of the click funnels editor Okay, I I went from like here all the way up You guys are like from here up. You have way more resources than I did. Okay, but I remember that first step Into funnel hacking live taken in a step and going Whoa There are there are more of us who are actually wanting to go our like Architect our lives That's a big deal That's a huge deal And my progress accelerated the more I hung around them That's why I joined russell's inner circle after I left click funnels Okay, that's and I was like dude. I'm paying full price man. Don't give me a discount There's something to that. Okay. All right. That's why I was like I need to go hang around these masterminds I need to get around these events I need around these people and people I see now you learn all this stuff half of it is just me freaking absorbing those I'm around. I'm not just like reading a book all the time. Okay You have to do that And so that's like one of the biggest major pieces because a lot of you guys you're gonna be how many you guys are the first person And again, we're not bagging on relationships. We're not bagging on we're not we're not making fun of family history You understand, but how many you guys are the first one in your family to really try and go Do something like this First yep, this guy. Oh, yeah, the only Yep, yep. Yep. Awesome. And that's not uh, I'm not I'm not negating those of you who have a family history of doing stuff like this That's very impressive as well. What I'm saying is those of you guys who are brand new. Here's what happens Okay, we teach this amazing stuff. I'm about to get to it in just a moment here We teach this amazing stuff. We start moving into it. You start having a haze Oh my gosh Things are not as I thought they were and your mind starts to begin expanded. You're like crap You mean I could actually like design my life You mean I actually have control over all the things that I do Like whoa And what's interesting is it'll be tasty Okay, I don't know how to describe it, but you know what I'm talking about, right? And you're like, oh, this is good crap and you go and you start discovering and discovering and discovering and you're like This is amazing. It's like finding right a new a new world that you never knew existed But it was always around you and then you realized that there was always an ore in your boat And you never knew that and you didn't know you were allowed to pick it up And you didn't know you were allowed to start rowing and that you were allowed to and you're like, what credentials do I have? You don't need any and you're like what and you start giving yourself the emotional license to create That is not normal And as you begin to move forward You start to go get interested genuinely in these things and those who you used to hang around with are going What are you doing? How many of you guys have already had friends and family right now or close ones or whatever who've said Why are you doing that? What is this you spend all this time this dude's yelling all the time. What the freak is with this boom thing? I mean his eyes are gigantic. Anyway, why even listen to him? okay It's hard And I know it is and that is a jump start into the game Okay, your Your identity is being redefined right now And if you take it on if you lean into it Lean into it two things will happen and they're both Good for the long term, but they can feel a little bit painful. The first thing is going to happen is that distancing that i'm talking about Okay, the second thing that's going to happen is you're going to start to look at what it is that you're overcoming in your own life To go build a funnel. Okay to go do whatever doesn't matter accomplish anything and you're gonna go in And you're gonna have to start self-working Okay, you have to start self-diagnosing you're gonna have to start looking at yourself going man. I feel like i'm broken right here Okay, I did that to myself for the first time in high school when I realized that I did not know how to speak I didn't do anything about it till college when I was like I need to go learn how to sell in the hardest environments For two reasons. I specifically had to learn how to sell and number two to learn how to talk That's why I did door to door. I tried to find an opportunity That would put my back against the wall voluntarily And it was one of the first times in my life. I picked up the ore Okay, and I just started doing it. I was like, oh baby. Okay, so anyways understand Understand what we're doing here and why this is such a big deal and it's so important It is an emboldening it is a changing your essence is actually shifting right now If you lean in if you move forward and if you continue to push down this path because it's like those rock tumblers Did you guys have those rock tumblers? Super loud. We put them in our garage in the nighttime We'd find the most jagged rocks Right, we find the most jagged looking rocks and we'd go put Put those rocks in the rock tumbler put it in the garage and The coolest transformations were the ones that were the roughest, right? That rock tumbler would spin the entire night for a week, right? And then we come back and it was this amazing beautiful polished rock doesn't happen without a lot of bumps. Okay So understand that that's what's happening a lot of time and we're only on day three right now And that's what I usually observe happens and that's why there's usually a bit of a drop-off because it can be a little bit uncomfortable Okay, it could be a little bit uncomfortable and I need to understand like this is like It we're I'm so stoked that I'll get to teach you guys how to build a funnel that I'm gonna show you guys how to build a offer Sales master's all that stuff, but what I'm really doing is I want to make it so that you have a hard time seeing life The same way when you leave this challenge That is what I do Okay, when someone finally realizes good crap the ore has always been here It's been there since birth I've never known it was there and I never knew I had permission to pick it up And then you Oh What What that's so exciting that oh my gosh, that's what we're doing. Okay today today what we're going into Is we're going into A little bit more offer creation stuff So I'm going to make an offer with you guys real fast, but then show you what we do. It's called offer sequencing. Okay So real quick. This is why offer sequencing matters. So you guys can all see my screen. Yes I'm gonna open up paintbrush here. We're all good funnels start Alrighty Okay, watch this so there was a you guys can all see that right I think Sweet. All right. Thanks unresolved life admin All right, check this out We were building a funnel for this guy once They came to us and they said hey our Our tape funnel is not working. They're selling tape like actual like tape. It was repair tape, but it's tape They came to us and they said hey, um, we are selling Okay, this is this is why what we do is so important You guys can grasp this one concept the rest of it will flow together really easily especially offer sequencing. Okay Stick with me here for just a moment here. Okay. All right So what they did is they had a page right here And they sold their tape Their tape and their tape was um, you could just buy it straight off this page and their tape was being sold for $25 Okay, it was repair tape is specialty stuff Okay, now let's say we have a customer who comes in All right one customer comes in And there we go And purchases what is the potential amount of money that that person could spend if they came through and bought the tape 25 bucks right exactly 25 dollars one customer coming on in has the potential for spending 25 dollars that's it. They had it on Shopify. You only could buy one Okay Okay, this is very important. This is very key and some of you guys are seeing where I'm going with it already. All right. Check this out All right So what we look at here is this thing called potential Average cart value meaning what is the potential that they are able to go in and spend in this session? 25 dollars right potential average cart value if they were to spy every single thing in that session How much money do they have the ability to even purchase only 25 bucks? Okay, so the average cart value Average cart value is still only 25 dollars. It can't go up. It can't go down That's it right each session is only that amount of money Now let's say that I think it was costing them I think like 22 dollars To acquire a customer meaning they spent about 25 or 22 dollars in ads to generate a sale Okay Cost per acquisition. Okay cost to acquire cost per acquisition These are the only numbers we care about in this phone game And this is the reason why I'm we're about to teach you what we are right here This is the one of like the biggest hacks of the game ever Okay Okay, what they did Is they came to us and they said hey, we are not being profitable here Okay, we're not being profitable here at all. Okay Would you come in and would you build us a funnel for tape? So Russell and I went and we built this funnel for tape Okay, I'm choosing tape because you understand like it doesn't matter if she's selling the most ludicrous things ever We did run for toilet paper once okay Like you need a red bull. I know I know I know you guys would all laugh about that I'll push pretty hard It's mostly just tasty. All right Now this is what we did first of all we did is we built a page where we sold the tape And we said hey, you know what what if you could buy You could buy one which would be 25 dollars right We said you could buy one two three four five Or 10 Okay, one two three four five or 10. Okay So for about 125 about two that's 50 obviously. Okay, watch this Okay, then what we did is we said, you know what let's add in like another cool little bonus That's really really small and cheap right underneath it right here And we put that price point there. You could buy one of them for 9.95. Okay This is the power This is the power of the funnel and why we're teaching you offer Sequencing the whole purpose of this challenge is to help you learn how to build a small front end funnel That's what we're doing right here. Okay Um, Stephen can you more our responses because it's blocking the screen? Oh move can you move? Yeah, I've got it off camera I'm just going to move to the side down in the corner Um, okay, so that was the very first page the very first page was like hey, you want tape. We have tape The next page what we did is once they put in their credit card and they bought right here on this order form What we did is we said hey Would you like to have more tape you want one more or two more? You want one more or two more I totally forgot my mouse today. I'm so sorry. That's why it's taken me so long Right. Do you want one more? You want one more or would you like two more? Okay, then on the next page we said would you like this expensive upsell that is uh, what was it it was It was like I think it was 97 dollars. There's something really cool not a lot took it not a lot needed to take it You guys following me so far Is there a tape manual I think that that was included as part of it to make the office sexy Okay, okay Now let's look at what the numbers did here about Of the buyers right of the people who purchased Uh, easily about 80 of the people took the number one right. They only bought one Uh, I think 12 bought number two, you know, and then it was super small percentages down underneath as we went Okay, about 20 took this bump right here, which bumped our average car value 10 dollars immediately, right? Uh, not overall right, but uh, uh 20 purchased it Um, funny enough. There was about 30 of people who purchased on this next upsell right here. Okay. There was an upsell right here Okay, there's an upsell right here and I think about 20 purchased that And there's another upsell right here obviously and then I think about 3% of people purchased this. Okay. What's the cost of the tape? I don't remember but I remember that at 25 dollars They were ready to rock and good to go. I think it was like $6 on their side Something like that. Okay Okay, so Check this out. What we did is we said, um I'm not gonna be able to run all the numbers with you in front of it But this is what we did though We went and we put this funnel out in click funnels and then we put this funnel out where then we went and we put the tape on Amazon it was on Shopify It was on I think on etsy as well Now each of those sites only have the ability to sell just one unit. Okay, but on click funnels We're able to go in and we were to look at the data, right? You could buy up to 10 Plus two more plus this hundred dollar thing plus this 10 dollar thing What is the potential average cart value now of the funnel? Okay? There was 10 right times the 25 dollars Uh plus the 9 95 Yeah, so we're at uh 259 95 259 95 i'm not amazing at math you guys can probably tell Right, then there's 97 dollars so 356 356 oh plus the other 25 plus the uh the other 50 dollars for that. Okay, 406 dollars and 95 cents. Okay The potential 406 dollars and 95 cents the potential average cart value of all of this Okay was 400 406 dollars You guys starting to see this This is huge the actual average car value. So we had a year's worth of data comparing Shopify amazon etsy versus click funnels funnel That little model right there. What was interesting is across the board um, um, it's pretty much straight on amazon Shopify and etsy The average car value was 25. It did not go any higher Okay, potential average car value was only 25. It did not go any higher This though 406 dollars the average cart value throughout. I think was um I think it was So this is like a year and a half ago. So i'm trying to remember the numbers right, but it was like 80 something dollars Okay, 80 something bucks and just because it was the same as everything else the average car the uh cost per acquisition Also 22 bucks. So all things held true now. What does that tell you? Okay? This is crazy This is crazy This means I never have to go get vc funding. I never have to take on a loan I never have to go give away equity in order for someone to drive traffic or eyeballs to my offer Okay, how much money can I now spend in order to acquire a customer? How much money can I now spend in order to acquire a customer? Yeah 89 bucks I could spend 89 dollars and the other guy can only spend 22 I'm going to crush them. Okay the mere speed of market share. I'm going to grab is going to be very impressive Okay, that is what we're moving towards. This is why we have it set up this way And this is the reason we are having you build a front end funnel in the one funnel way challenge. Okay, this is crazy This is huge stuff. It's mind-blowing to us that we can't Uh why 89 not 406 meaning the average car value the average person coming through Each time someone runs their credit card. It's not 25 dollars that we end up getting on average each time a credit card is run 89 dollars is coming in which means now I can spend 89 dollars to acquire a customer and still break even and have a business Okay, there was a guy another guy. We were building funnels for um, we built this funnel a Russell and I for this this guy Who did a lot of self-defense training? Okay, and we we built a funnel similar to this and for every dollar they were putting in on ads They were getting a dollar 50 back out and they were like crap Only a dollar 50 and we're like, I know isn't that crazy? They're like, yeah, that sucks We're like, no, no, no, we mean crazy is in like good. They're like, what do you mean? Like a dollar in and a dollar 50 back out. What else gives you a 50 return that you can do every single day? They're like, what what do we mean? We're like, you don't understand What a dollar in and a dollar 50 back out is a million dollar business Like what I was like just not even considering the funnel right here alone If we upsell anything afterwards, right? Let's say they come in and purchase then I have an email sequence that tells them Hey, we got something else here. Did you know we have something else here? Do you know if something else really expensive? That's a million dollar scenario Okay, what I'm trying to do is I'm trying to set your expectations So when you look at this, you're like, oh crap, this is successful And it's okay for the dollar in and a dollar 10 is coming back out Darn Most companies go in the hole for months before they break even back into the profit zone Okay, or a dollar in dollar back out or a dollar and even 90 cents back out But you got a hundred people on your list and you're gonna go upsell them to the other your other things The speed you will always buy hear me hear me here. Okay You will always purchase your customer somehow Whether it's with money or your time Okay, time is good because it's free if you don't have money then that's the way to do it Okay, if you have some money to throw in ads, okay, the second way if you have so many throwing ads money is speed Okay, so the fast I do not take profit on these front end funnels and I beg you to do the same Okay, do not take profit when you go in and you put a hundred dollars in ads And you get what uh, 22 dollars. So let's say 20 bucks Let's say you get five buyers because you put a hundred dollars in you get five buyers because it's about 20 dollars cost per acquisition five times 89 bucks That's 444 right take that money and go dump it back in Right take them and then you got 444 Or 445 dollars you went right uh divided by 29 you have 22 buyers times 89 dollars average car value And then you dump it back in you dump it back in and you dump it back in and pretty soon You're making way more money than the average person out there Okay, uh earlier last year I took four grand And I dumped it in ads and I knew for every dollar I was putting in I was getting two dollars back out Okay, that's amazing But that's not uncommon in this world And that's the hardest concept for people to understand Why are we creating offers this way? Why are we creating offer sequencing this way? It's because of this Okay, okay. Check this out. What I did is I put four grand in on ads and I knew I would double over and it did one week later I had eight grand The next week I took that eight grand and I dumped it in and I had 16 Okay, seriously, then I went I took 16 and then I dumped it at 32 I was like this is crazy Okay, my wife and I made 18 grand our first year of marriage and it was all student loans Okay for me at that time right I just remember I remember thinking that when I was dumping that money in okay, then I took 32 grand I dumped it in and darn it didn't straight up double over. I only got 48 grand back out Shucks, okay What we're teaching you here is a style of pitching that is one to many But you're doing it a way where you can acquire and break even on customers very fast Much faster than your competitors can do or even fathom and you're doing it profitably Everything you upsell them afterwards is pure pure profit, right? Everything you do after it Zemmick sent this is like this is some seriously amazing stuff and whenever I teach it to people they're like there's two reactions No, or there's like oh my gosh. So is anyone here going no Okay, this stuff works the book funnel um Here right here Okay, uh when we made the expert secrets book funnel not this one, but the expert secrets book funnel Oh cool, this one's in a different language Anyway, when we made the expert secrets book funnel, we were putting um it cost us about uh At first it was like 20 dollars and we got it down to eight bucks to acquire a customer And the average cart value at first was 44 dollars and we got it up to 66 So we were putting in eight bucks and they're pulling out 66 dollars average cart value What is that? I don't even know 66 divided by eight. So you put it saying I'm putting a dollar in and getting eight back out There in lies the secret my friends on how russell has never put a dollar of his own money in click funnels He's never borrowed any money for click funnels. He's never given up equity to just get eyeballs or traffic like you'll see on shark tank I love the show shark tank, but it makes me laugh You could skip that entire show and just build a freaking front end funnel like this and make tons of money. Okay click funnels does not Really even send traffic to click funnels.com It's actually very hard for them to sell click funnels with ads straight on most sass softwares that are out there They're all like that Okay, it's very expensive There was a vc firm that came to russell once and they said oh my gosh It takes you 120 dollars to get someone to take a click funnels trial and russell's like yeah, they're like that's actually really good Would you come in? Let's give you 100 million dollars in funding and just go acquire a ton of customers, man Right, that that's really really good in the sass world 120 dollars to acquire a sass trial. That's amazing and russell's like no We actually turned those ads off And they they were mad. Okay, they were like what why would you turn those ads off? That's absolutely amazing You're doing better than the majority of people out there and russell's like well, we don't I don't it's my own money We're not borrowing any money on this, okay? So i'm not going to take my company's money and just go like waste it on that kind of thing He's like so what we do then is we just drive people to the book right or the one funnel weight challenge Or something else that's small on the front and we actually make at that time 40 dollars per person Who comes in and gets a click funnels trial? And the guy was like that makes absolutely zero sense. What are you talking about? He goes well We have we have a front end funnel front end thing a book a cd something Right, we drive traffic. We know it costs us like in this let's just keep the scenario the same So in this 20 bucks to acquire a customer they spend an average of 89. So we're making 67 per person Because afterwards we invite them to come get a click funnels trial afterwards What? You see what i'm saying Very interesting very very interesting and then we just go make a whole bunch of them So like oh, you know what steven come. We know russle. I don't really want to take one funnel weight challenge Like no worries not anything but a thing come over get the book like you know what I don't want to get the book No worries come get this uh the funnel cookbook So you can see what kind of funnels work best for you right that is how we crush it inside of this world And it's not just on internet. It is not just on info products We've done it on supplements e-com right info b2b retail. It doesn't matter Okay, that doesn't matter. It's the concept okay network marketing. You guys love this one. Okay, it's the same thing Affiliate marketing. This is how I crush it in affiliate marketing I just create front end things that liquidate my ad cost But increase my speed faster than my competition could ever fathom This is why it works This is why this is exactly why we do it. So when we're talking about offer sequencing, okay When we're talking about offer sequencing what we're doing is we are taking the offer remember yesterday Uh, who's who's got a you know, let's just go with the same water, right? There was the water cooler I should have saved that thing uh, there was a water cooler. We're gonna give you uh, there was like the free drinks the free drink mixes Um, there was uh, whatever right? Um, whatever right there was this and then this and then this and then this Okay transportation service. Thanks guys. You're jogging my memory transportation Yeah, there was the delivery the cleaning and there was the You're actually buying the you're buying the water, but the bottles are free Or something like that. I can't remember how we worded it, but what we're gonna do is is this or the stand? You're right. There's the stand. Okay. Let me let me open this up again Let me show you guys what we're talking about here. Okay, because you're gonna go do this Now that you've watched Russell stuff here. Oops paintbrush There's the maintenance plan. That's right. There's the maintenance plan there. Okay. This is what we're doing here So what i'm doing is I look over on the side at all the things so by now in by now in the actual, um Challenge what you should have is you should have a list of all your competitors cool products that they're selling And you're starting to to save yourself You know what it'd be cool to sell that one or this one or I'm gonna this one was really cool Then you take the coolest ones from all your competitors and make that your offer, right? Let's say it's this water cooler thing now what we're gonna do is we're going to lead with something that's cool and free Right the model we're teaching you guys to do here is first of all a squeeze page Then the actual sales page or the order form Right, then we're going to teach you to do like a little upsell There we go. What does that do? It increases your potential average cart value which increases your cart value Which lets you spend more to acquire a customer than your competitors can even handle and build a list at the same time Okay, okay, so check this out. So I would say Uh water cooler cleaning transportation Say free drink mixes Actually, it's lead with a stand free stand. There we go. So if we were going to make a squeeze page right here the way I would do that I usually take the um The sexiest thing And lead with that for free on the front that boosts up the conversions on the front right lots of them You forgot the app. That's right. There's the app in there as well Oh, that's true Joshua. Thanks, man. Um, okay, then there was the sales slash order page meaning this is where they're going to put the credit card in And then here we're going to have an upsell To increase our potential average cart value So a little side note here. We went and we ran some numbers on click funnels And we went and we looked at click funnels as a whole from the top down And this this is this is actually proven. We're not just pulling this number out There are 73 000 at monthly users of click funnels 73 000 active monthly users of click funnels right now as I speak and um We went and we ran a whole bunch of numbers and we pulled out all those who were selling in the funnel Meaning they're not just capturing the lead on the internet and selling them offline Those who are selling on the actual internet, right? There's a cart on the internet We pulled those people out and we started looking at them and we looked at them and we realized That if someone had Someone had um an order bump remember that little 10 in that 995 thing I had on the other one if they had two upsells And a downsell Okay an upsell and a downsell meaning they say no to this one so it automatically says well, maybe you want a cheaper thing they sold By the numbers this is this is actual the actual number itself that we found it's crazy. Okay, check this out 540 percent 540 percent more than if you had done the same thing on Shopify or um some other funnel service that's out there Okay, just because there is the potential for someone to spend more money 500 are you kidding me? That's huge that example. I just did was only it showed a 400 increase from what the competitor was doing This is crazy stuff. That's why it's so powerful. Okay 540 percent more Then uh, if you had just sold it outright just straight up. Okay Crazy crazy. Okay, so check this out though. So I'm gonna go in and I'm gonna lead with the free water cooler for the stand Free water cooler stand right that's the first thing I'm gonna put on this page right here And I'm gonna ask for their email address And a submit button is gonna be right there when they click submit And they get pushed over to this page But that email address comes over here and I now have the real asset of the internet which is a list Okay, I'm gonna draw a little bucket here as if it's going in the bucket right there. Okay, it's gonna go inside of the list Okay, oh sweet. Check it out. Okay on this list. There's gonna be a series of automated emails. Oops As you can see I'm drawing with my mouse pad here my trackpad There's gonna be a series of automated emails that that sends out to them All right email next day. There's another email. We're gonna walk you through how to build all this Next day email next day email and what it's doing is it's soft pitching them Into everything Throughout the funnel. So this email could just say, you know what? Let's just come right on back here and buy this or buy this buy this and after three days I'm like, you know, maybe they're tired of that. Maybe they just want to buy this and buy this and buy this Okay, this easily has the potential to double your conversion rate when you have a sequence like that. Okay Okay Just for the ease of seeing it. So there's an email sequence. It's automated going out, right? Okay, so then we have the water cooler stand the actual stand itself Cleaning transportation So in this next one, let's sell the water The actual bottles We're like, okay, cool um Hey, you got the water cooler stand, but we have a service where we'll come out and we'll fill it for you every single month Refilling service Right, that's what I would That's what I'd put in there. Here we go There we go And you're like, cool sign me up for that. So they sign up and on the next page, right and this includes transportation Be cool if there's a little checkbox and it says free. Do you want her free? Yes, include this service, right? Um, so you may not have this little bump thing right here Then we say uh, then we could do the free drink mixes thing. Hey, we also want to make sure this is awesome for you So we will come and um, we'll clean it We'll do the free drink mixes um, we'll do the um What Yeah, you could do the filters as an order bump filter change with the stand transportation be Eating the cost of everything order now and get to Hot and cold filter Anyways, I'm just gonna put this there so that you understand the idea of it In this challenge, we're not having you build a second Whoop, we're not having you build out a second upsell or downsell Just to keep things super simple. Okay, um, so that you guys know how to do all this stuff But that's the basic idea of it is that you're gonna go in and decide Now the way to the decide the order how many guys have questions about the order? You're like, this is cool. What order do I actually go build this in though? What order this is what we call offer sequencing the chris versa. You said yes, okay So what I do then is we think through the lot What's the logical progression as if as if there was a conversation going on in their head What's the logical progression they might have? As cool. Oh my gosh. Check it out. I got a free water cooler stand. That's so awesome. Yeah, I love that Absolutely, it looks like a free delivery and everything too or whatever. All right, or maybe I have them pay for delivery But the stand is free when I follow up with the lead or whatever on the very next page It's like, hey, do you want to be able to we could we could just have this be the service for you, right and uh You're like, yeah, that makes sense because with uh, does that makes because I just said that yeah, that makes sense That's what I need to have them have the reaction be when they're go through the funnel Okay, oh that makes sense that makes sense There's a water cooler and then there's a water. You know what? I'm gonna need the water Now I totally get it. Yeah, okay. Sounds good. Let's sign up for that. Boom and just get us and no contract sweet You're just pre-pay for the first two months up front. No contract. Boom. Right or something like that Whatever you want to structure the offer as Then on the next page, it's like, oh my gosh, this is so cool. Hey, look, we really care about your customers You want to we know look at all these cool studies. It actually increases your stick rate It increases the average amount of money they'll spend you actually get a bump in revenue This technically what we found is it's not a cost. It's actually an investment You actually make more money if you want click this button right here and what we'll do is we'll add you Whoa, that's huge. What we'll do is we'll add you on Click this button right here and we'll add you to our free drink mix cleaning filter change service Which is only an additional hundred dollars a month or something like that. You know what I'm saying Whatever we structured that as yesterday, but that's the point. That's the point is uh, uh Is that you're upselling them as they go throughout in a logical manner? Oh, yeah, it makes sense. You know, I mean So I take the cool thing that's awesome and I lead with that in the front Free thing usually the free thing is the coolest. Okay in the scenario. We're having you guys go do We're actually going to do that with like an e-book. So this this first thing will right here will be an e-book Okay, e-books are awesome because what's the cost to ship an e-book? Zero right it's the cost of an email, which is nothing right? It's nothing. Okay Uh, so whatever is on your squeeze page should be on your ad yet. Yeah, technically. Yes, that that's how we would run run into that There's all the ways you could pull it as well, but yes Um, so this e-book right here. Let's say is an e-book. Hey come download your e-book on x y and z So the scenario having you guys walk through right now. I'm trying to teach you the concept now for what we're doing to this challenge Look cool e-book Okay on the next page. Let's say it's about The benefit of water drinking Let's change up the scenarios. You guys don't think they're tired is uh, this is about dog training come get your dog training e-book on the very next page what you're selling here could be hey Why don't you there's actually a Uh an in-home course that you want or that you might want that's about dog training We find that people especially you have a dog. That's a little bit If they're nice it can like have them do tricks and really impress visitors If they're kind of all over the place we have a place We have a place, um where you can start in the course though specifically for them so that they Tone it down a little bit. Okay, that could be what you're selling on this one But on the next one you're like, you know what as an upsell, um, I actually would love to be able to have I'd love to work with you if you want There's actually a training coming up and it could be a more expensive upsell There's a training if you want the the course is a thousand dollars. It's two days. It's in I don't know local region It's in Boise, Idaho. Let's say I'm driving at just a Boise area If you want to come right here, boom you click right here and we'd love to have you come on out It'll save your spot. We only do so 50 people Okay, you guys getting that It's it's the way you you lace out those sequences Someone said my course hasn't done yet. Can I pre-sale and offer ebook and then offer the pre-sale? Yes. Yes, you can Yes, you can't be a trist and that's actually one of my very favorite methods That's how I left click funnels and did that the first time 100 percent this model different from free plus shipping, right? Meaning the squeeze is just to get email and then they have to pull out the credit card to buy the sales page Yes, so it's a little bit different than the free plus shipping um It's essentially the free plus shipping is just the first and second page combined That two step order form acts like a squeeze page But it's yes, you're spot on is it okay to do an ebook? Then another book on the sales page or is that too much? I don't think it's too much The danger you guys is you cannot have these products Scratch the same itch Okay Meaning the water cooler thing it scratches one Oh, it'd be so cool to have one and on the next page if i'm like, hey, would you like to buy a water cooler stand? It's like no, I just got that, you know or if it's like it uh e-comm doesn't have this problem too much because You know it's different having two things is definitely different than having just one thing info though if you're doing info Info can sometimes trip up on this Meaning I am not going to say Hey, would you like Would you like um Would you like an ebook on dog training and on the very next page? I'm like, hey, would you like an ebook? On dog training or would you like a you know like no or would you like um? A pdf on how to train your dog, you know, it's the same thing said in a different way They could be like I just I just bought that it's like when rossel talks about selling abs like at like core abs training um One of the things that people will mess up on is they will say things like They'll say things like hey come here and get um Come buy this course on how to get six minute abs All right, six minute abs And on the very next page now in the customer's mind they think that problem is solved Meaning when I buy Emotionally, I now have six pack abs Even though I don't Right, so in the next page where I'm like, hey, would you like some more training on how to get good abs? They're like no, I just bought abs. I just bought abs last page like No, no, no you buy an education course. No, no, no, no my problem is solved. I just bought six packs I just bought a six pack of abs on the last page. I sell me something different Okay, that's the only dangers you need to make sure that it's not scratching the same itch Can't sell abs twice. Okay. You can't sell out two outcomes in a row. Okay That's the only thing as you're as you're doing that that way uh up sells What about the idea of of multiple of the same thing? Oh, you're talking about uh, like with tape one two three four five ten It could be a little different with the econ because I can have two things with tape and it doesn't scratch the same itch It's literally two physical tangible things, right? um Do you need A drop shipping service to make the free plus shipping offer work? No, uh, you don't have to um, I've I actually There's tons of fulfillment houses that integrate directly into click funnels And that's something that maybe we'll get into a little bit as we go For now guys, all I need you to focus on is just with that offer Figure out the sequence that you're going to be placing things in and then be Devil's advocate Why would I not want to buy that and write all those things down? That is your objections. Remember we talked about that two days ago. All right, that is your problems Those are your things you're going to solve with the sales message that we're going to dive into uh heavily next week as well Um more training tips another six minutes then go away another six minutes Five minutes. Yeah Can we bundle the entire offer and sell it through webinar you can that's one that's one method Now we're just doing slow front end things though as well here Not scratching the same itch absolutely. What's the best drop ship for click funnels? I don't know that I'm able to say those kinds of things over here like this uh, but if you go into the facebook group or or um the Uh Funnel rolodex is a fantastic resource for a lot of stuff. Okay How to pdf how to video training implementation. Yeah Yeah, no you could definitely In the info product model people will pay more people will pay more money for the same thing packaged in a different way You want the e-book right like a lot of times what we do in with books is we'll say things like Um With free plus shipping the books free just pay for shipping. Do you want the book? We will ship the actual book to you the bump will be the audiobook It's the it's not the same thing doesn't scratch the same itch Okay, because some people want to read it and some people want to listen to it some people want both I want both. I usually I always buy both. Okay, so we'll do the book then we do the audiobook Right, then the very next upsell will be the deep dive course Teaching the entire thing on the book in front of a live audience, right? That doesn't scratch the same itch Okay, it's pack same info packaged in a different way. It's one of the biggest secrets to wealth. I could ever give you ever Okay Sweet guys. All right. Well, hey jump over to uh the worksheet today Go walk through the actual worksheet. Make sure you watch Russell's thing He's gonna walk through again more the offer sequencing thing as well. Make sure you follow throughout what what your um I'm sorry. Make sure you follow the actual worksheet stuff and get it done. Boom. Are we click funnels affiliates? Do we upsell all click funnels products? Oh, if we are click funnels affiliates, do we upsell all click funnels products? You can yeah All right guys, we'll see you guys later and see you guys on tomorrow's training. Go get them