Because it's easier to get them to focus on the deliverable than it is to get them to focus on the reality, either the lower income reality, that the quantum leap is the marketing of your thing instead of being the doer of your thing, that's hard enough to get people to shift. This shift is even more difficult, right? And it's much easier to refocus, and it's easy to sell and work on the deliverables, right? So the speaking world that I came out, the National Speaker Association, they all go to that. It's easy to get them to sit in a room and work again on how to tell a funny story funnier, how to be better up here, because this is the deliverable. And they think the deliverable is the passport, but the deliverable is not the passport. Proof being that the highest income people are not the best speakers. When I was on the low tour for nine years, the question was always asked more politely. Well, not always, but mostly it was asked more politely. But the question behind the question was abundantly clear. How in the hell can you be on this tour when I'm not and he isn't and he isn't and he isn't? Who do you got to sleep with to get this gig anyway, right? I mean, that was the impolite question behind the more politely stated curious question. And from their standpoint that the deliverable should be the passport, that the talent and the skills should be the passport, at least half of them were right. From that perspective, they were 100% right because they're better up here than I am. And it now keeps them from ever getting there where I was. So this is a very, very, very big shift. I have a bunch of reference stuff here for you behind the little divider sheet that looks like this, manufacturers of their own status. I'm just going to quickly tell you what you have so we can fit into discussion before launch. But this is not in your book, but this is such a fabulous example of spin. Pete Willow sent me this, not too long ago, found it on the internet. Some of you may have seen it, but this is actually a picture. This is a real archival historical photograph. It's not rigged. The guy being hung is Remus Reed, who was a horse thief sent to Montana Territorial Prison in 1885. He escaped in 1887. He robbed the Montana Flyer six times. And he was caught by Pinkerton detectives and convicted and hanged in 1889. He's a direct relative of Congressman Harry Reid from Nevada. So here's the statement from Harry Reid's office. Arlene, where are you? Our genealogist? You'll love this. So here, I just gave you the historical fact, right? So here's the statement from Harry Reid's office. Remus Reed was a famous cowboy in the Montana Territory. His business empire grew to include acquisition of valuable equestrian assets and intimate dealings with the Montana Railroad. Beginning in 1883, he devoted several years of his life to government service. It's the time he was in the clink. Finally taking leave to resume his dealings with the railroad. In 1887, he was a key player in a vital investigation run by the renowned Pinkerton detective agency. In 1889, Remus passed away during an important civic function held in his honor when the platform upon which he was standing collapsed. Now you gotta give him points, don't you? So here's the first thing you got is a bunch of pages starting with your page 22 about this detective. And I encourage you to go Google them.