There's one of the, there's a guy who was ahead of this famous purely for being famous, I mean, Paris Hilton's famous for what? Just for being Paris Hilton. Evil's famous for being evil, but he did jump motorcycles over shit, right? I mean, so he did something. Now he wrecked more of them than he did anything else, and there's a lesson there, by the way. He's fabulously unsuccessful at what he was doing. But it's a great article on evil, and again, there's some real profound commonalities there, and I encourage you to go Google them. One piece of trivia that I didn't know until I did this research is he sold insurance for Clem Stone and the combined insurance companies in America, which I didn't know. My favorite, there's what I've learned from Esquire where they do, there's my favorite line. When you're mad at someone, it's probably best not to break his arm with a baseball bat. That's some real life wisdom. I was checking into a hotel, the Red Lion in San Jose, California, about 11.30 at night, and a desk clerk is on the phone to somebody telling him that his credit card's no good, and he's got to come down and take care of it. A few minutes later, here comes Evil Can Evil out of the elevator, and he's got a bathrobe on, and not much else, and he comes up to the desk, passed me, grabs the guy, drags him across the desk, and is beating him to a bloody pulp. I thought, probably not a good time to ask for an autograph. I gave you an interesting article about the guy that owns Cirque du Soleil. You might not like the methods described in the article, but the principles are valid. I gave you a Vince McMahon article that is all relevant to what we were talking about, and I gave you another Ogilvy. The last thing I gave you in this section is an article about Madoff. There are many, of course. Again, a lot of people think they saw something new there. There's nothing new there. It ain't as big as it's been made out to be, because they keep counting all the fake profit that's been paid out and the total amount of the money. The total amount of money taken in is maybe down 20 billion, something like that. It's still a decent sized chunk of change, and perpetuated it for a very long time. Again, I say the same thing to you I said about John Edward. And that is, forget the thing and understand the power of what he did, because if you apply strategy to something real and honest and not criminal, so much the better. But guys like Bernie historically over many years, who are able to separate apparently smart, intelligent, successful... Now, it's one thing, the guys that do the Mickey Mouse Ponzi schemes, and they got Harry and Bertha who work at the Ford plant giving them $3,000. There's not a lot to be learned from that. These guys, Bernie, the guys that did Homestake Oil Swindle, Bernie Kornfeld, if you go back, these guys, these guys took money from people who by every possible circumstance should know better and got away with it. So there's reasons why that money moved from them to Bernie. And the reasons are valid in every situation. I'm not suggesting anybody go steal from people. The reasons are valid though. If you had a chance to see it, last night's episode of Leverage on TNT, which TNT replays their shows 12,000 times in a week, so you won't have any trouble. There's a monologue in it, because the show's about a small-time Bernie Madoff type guy. There's a monologue in it, maybe five minutes, where he's explaining...