Trump's licensing his name and his identity to all these real estate projects, taking money off the top, points off the top, minimal if any risk. He's licensing a brand. He's Disney. You're a playboy. You're just a licensor. But what does the public think? They think he's in the real estate business. So it's an illusion. It's a perpetuated illusion. Is it an unethical illusion? You decide. Is it criminally unethical? Probably not. Will it bother, will it get him a warmer seat or a cooler seat in the afterlife? Who knows? I don't. But there's no doubt there's illusion involved. I would suggest to you, if you identify everybody of high status and you come to understand that a lot of their status is linked to the deliberate creation of illusion, that tells you it's necessary. And if you're not engaged in the deliberate creation of illusion, you're leaving a brick out of the wall. All told, here's the big fact. Your seven figure income will have less to do with your talent, your skill, your expertise, or your deliverables than it will your ability and willingness to create and exploit your own status. Who is this most disturbing to? Geez, all sorts of people. It's really disturbing to people who think they have talent. Never having had that handicap myself, I don't know exactly what that's like, but I do know people who think they have talent. Many of whom are bitterly disappointed with their financial and other outcomes in life because they think that having that talent is supposed to be the passport. But people who think they have talent. And all you got to do is find somebody who thinks they have talent, maybe really does have talent in a category, and name the highest profile, highest income people in the category who arguably have little or no talent, which incidentally seems to go together a lot, highest income, lowest talent, and watch them react. So, Owen's in the room. Where's Owen? Wasn't it you who, yeah, it was you on your questionnaire. I'm pretty sure, because I think you're the only artist in the room. So, who would you donate a big chunk of change to have lunch to? I'm pretty sure you named King Cade. You know, guys all know who Thomas King Cade is, right? He's the painter of light. And so, I think I can quote Owen, agreed to donate a big chunk of change to have lunch with Thomas King Cade, but said he'd be so nauseous the entire time he wouldn't be able to eat. But he did have a few questions he wanted to ask him. Now, that's exactly the typical reaction of an artist who thinks he has talent, may have talent. No, what do I know? I like the thing he gave me that hangs on the wall, but you know, on the other hand, I got dogs playing poker downstairs. So, what do you know, what are you going to do, right? But that's certainly the reaction of most artists to Thomas King Cade is they think he's an untalented schmuck who certainly does not deserve to be where he is. So, the idea that the talent has less to do with it than the willingness and ability to create and exploit status is so repellent and repulsive to talented people, it gets in their way. Stephen King and James Patterson are on the list, right, his authors. We have a friend who writes horror sci-fi novels. He actually got to essentially apprentice with Stephen King for a year. He thinks King's a complete hack. He's infinitely more talented. I think he's written five novels and there are twelve copies in circulation.