Because he had everything on this schedule was named Sutton, and it seemed like he was going somewhere and doing something for somebody, you know. But when you really microscopically analyzed it, there were preparation to speak days, there were research days, there were this, there were that, and they were marked with little footnotes and two-point invisible type. So the same gigs get counted five times. So there's that to see. Another thing that's there to see is all the books. Now I didn't go by fake books, they're real books, and I have read them. But the general reaction from people is, I don't know if I've ever seen anybody with all these books. And the smart ones then want to prowl, you know, and find stuff, which gives them something to do on a break. But it's the overwhelming, so that conveys that there's a lot of depth to this guy. Now to be entirely fair about that, there's some really old books in there that probably should have been taken out and thrown out. Years ago. And that I'm probably never going back to. I mostly haven't thrown them out because it's easier to have a guy come in and build more shelves than it is to take the time to throw them out. But on the other hand, it's a great visual. And they're not just in the neat shelves, then there's piles of them. And there's piles over there and piles over there. And I got these great vertical things. I don't know if you've seen these. They're like a metal bar with things in them so you can pile books vertically, but you can still get them without the whole pile falling over. Well those are great because they display a whole lot of books in small amount of space. So like books everywhere you turn. Well, it's something to see. There's interesting artifacts. There's things. There's weird things people have given me. And there's this thing from this trip and this thing from this client. There's the racing stuff. So the racing stuff is Ogilvy's cape and Rolls Royce. It's Halbert's sea hunt boat and the big yacht. It's your mansion with the fountain and the circular drive. It's the physical demonstration of success. Every high status, high income earner shows it somehow. Trump does it with the planes and the helicopters. It doesn't really matter. I don't think what you choose to show it with. If you like to play golf, it could be really expensive antique golf clubs and big pictures of you at Pebble. It doesn't much matter, I don't think, but it needs to be seen. It needs to be seen in my workplace where the client and the prospective client sees it. Because they didn't see the fountain and they didn't see the white glove butler and electric. So they got to see something. It's important for them to see something. Why? For a variety of reasons. Number one, they got to be desensitized to fee. You can't have them expect in a bargain. And second of all, they want to give money to somebody who makes a crap load of money. In case that's never occurred to you, it's important. They want to give money to somebody who they can see a lot of other people give a lot of money to. See, nobody responds well to the empty parking lot. So on a small physical example, what do we do when we open the new chiropractic office that hopefully is visible from the street? We borrow the sister-in-law's car, we borrow the brother's car, we rent some cars, we move them around. You don't let them sit in the same parking spaces all the time. Because when people drive by on the street, we want them to see a busy parking lot.