and go to the current websites. This is a guy named JJ Arms, and he changed his name because he's missing an arm. And his big sudden burst of fame, this is history now, 1970s, his big sudden burst of fame is he was hired by Marlon Brando during the kidnapping incident and theoretically cracked that case. There may be or may not be more illusion to that statement than reality, but nevertheless. And so at the time anyway, he was at least by claim, and perhaps reality, he was the world's most expensive private investigator. And so for most cases, the retainer was $100,000. So you brought $100,000 to the office if you were going to sit and consult with JJ Arms. I read this in 1976. And the thing that got my attention was to put the $100,000 on the desk before you can talk to me. And like I made a note. And so if you read this on your own time, what you'll find is that he's doing a lot of stuff. No other PIs were doing. Dramatic demonstration, control of physical environment, a very dramatic physical environment, guaranteeing results, charging outrageous fees, celebrity to a great degree. He really is a fabulous example. Also started a second business, by the way. He was an information marketer. They instantly created, as soon as he became famous, they created a correspondent school for people that wanted to become PIs. And that business, if you go to the website today, that business still exists today. So he's an information marketer along with us. The choreography of the visit to the environment, what people saw when they came there, is really spectacular. So all visitors to the premises are automatically photographed. And nobody gets in without having to pass his bodyguard. Well, they're probably not threats. But that's a demonstration in and of itself. His bodyguard is some giant Su Indian guy in full regalia. Kind of a memorable image. I think he's a fabulous example of the importance of what they see. And so whether they come to your business, in which case it's easier to control it, by the way, or you're operating in some other environment, if you think about, again, that the deliverable is disconnected, and that in many cases they can't judge the deliverable anyway. Certainly not before purchase and generally speaking, not after purchase, and to some extent, not really during the entire relationship. They certainly can't comparatively judge it unless they go by everybody's deliverables to the same extent that they buy your deliverables. So I'm not going to go around a country to 10 different cities and get all this done 10 times, rip it all out, have the next guy do it in order to figure out at the end who was the best guy out of the 10. I'm not doing that. How do you know if you'd have been better off spending your 100K not having anything to do with me and hanging out with J. Abraham the whole time? Well, the only way you know, I guess, is if you spent 100K there too. But then what about this guy? So it's other stuff, right? And one part of the other stuff is what do they see? What do they see? So for a restaurant, that's one thing. Cleanliness, like important, generally speaking to people. Is the staff attentive or is the staff hanging out over there in the corner talking to each other? So Arms constructed this what they see for prospective clients.