Nothing. The deliverable is nothing. The skill, talent if you wish, but skill, because it's a learnable skill. Anybody can learn it. In another place in your manual, I've given you a whole hunk, by the way, on cold reading. So anybody can learn it. So the skill is only a skill of performance. It's not a skill of any competency or transferred competency. It's just a skill of performance. There is no expertise other than the expertise of how to do the fraud. So none of the real stuff is there at all. It's entirely built on created status. Now, this is my theory about advertising, right? My theory about advertising, which you all know, is that you want to study the ads in a National Enquirer and a Midnight Star, whatever the other tabloids are, infomercials, because the strategies and the tactics used to sell the incredible, if applied to the credible, work even better. So I mean, if you think about it, if we can afford an ad in a National Enquirer in order to sell people some kind of diet pill that purports to allow them to eat 5,000-pound ice cream sundaes bought at Costco every day and lose weight, gee, imagine if we use some of that to sell something that actually had some validity and might work. So the same thing is true here. So in your reference, all this reference material, people who've manufactured their own status, which I encourage you to read microscopically on your own, I've given you some people who have some validity to what they do, like JJ Arms, but I've also given you some people where there's no validity. None whatsoever. Because what they've been able to do, see, what he's been able to do, I can't do. So he's able to go in and get 3,000 people to pay between $300 and $900 a piece to come for an evening to see this fraud. I can't pack enough people in at that price to give him something I think is valid. So I've got to pay more attention to what he's doing if that's what I'm, because he's got that down. It's magnificent what he's doing. And so you really want to study this stuff without passing judgment on the deliverables. So the next big batch I gave you that starts on page 32 is a favorite of mine, which I've always paid a lot of attention to, which is televangelists and the big church guys. The big, so I'm not going to be offensive, I don't think. And we're going to talk about value later. I think they all deliver value. So I'll lay that as a caveat. But I met and spent about 90 minutes once with Oral Roberts. And it was one of the most fascinating 90 minutes of my entire life. It was really cool. I was really excited about meeting him. And so is there anybody too young? You guys all know who Oral Roberts is, right? Who doesn't know who Oral Roberts is? OK, only a couple of you. Time has passed. But Oral Roberts University in Tulsa, Oklahoma, it was all built on the back of really, he's a revivalist tent preacher, if you go back far enough, who then became a big televangelist. And Oral is, amongst other things, he's a spontaneous healer. So this is tent revival brought to television. This is crutches and wheelchairs and up on stage and boom, healed. And the crutches fly. They go off and they're dancing with the stars. Well, I mean, of course, Leachman qualifies. So now we know what you're watching. Or we know what your finish is. One or the other.