that created, that supported his status. And I don't think enough people give enough thought to this what they see, whether they come to your place or your people go to their place, whatever. In thinking about this, so how many of you, how many of you have been to a one-on-one consulting day with me in Ohio? Raise your hands. Okay, all right. Couple interesting things about that. So most of you haven't. So I'll describe it. The parts of it that are relevant. First of all, generally speaking, there's sort of an expectation that there will be the compound and the mansion and the fountain and the white glove butler greeting you at the door and none of that is happening. The horse has got all the money. So if you wanna see that, you gotta come to the barn. It ain't all that pretty, by the way, but it's where all the money is. But there are things that are deliberately there for each client to see that I've had in place for a long time and been very intentional about. And that are a big advantage for me and my business compared to the old way and the traditional way of doing things, which is consultant goes to client. Big disadvantage under those circumstances. So there's certain things I want people to know that are best seen, right? So one is you see evidence of a lot of work. Cause you come into my work environment. I don't have a dress office for meetings in a work office that you never see. I have a workplace and we are in the middle of it. And more often than not, we have just cleared a space in it at the end of the long conference table, but the rest of it is covered up with projects. Most of the project stacks have little signs on them, little signs of who or what they are. I got that from Disney, when there's a famous Walt Disney story of right towards the end in Disneyland when they're good open and they were all out of money and he was still raising money from investors plus the media was coming. They didn't have any money left to plant flowers and shit. And they had weeds so all they did is make little signs with Latin names on them, didn't mean anything and run around and stick them in front of all the weeds. Accomplish is the same thing and all you need is three by five cards and some sticks. And so there's a demonstration, there's evidence that there's a lot of stuff going on and there's a lot of projects and there's a lot of work. I understand that in a typical consulting day, not all, it's certainly not reoccurring once with clients, but with a new client, what's supposed to happen at the end is we're supposed to agree on some sort of project and they're supposed to give me a lot of money. So that's what's supposed to happen. Doesn't always happen and it's not really the purpose of somebody that comes two, three, four times a year, but for the new client. So that's really what I'm talking about, is impact on the new client. So I want them to see evidence that there's a lot of projects and there's a lot of work going on. Now fortunately, most of the time, there is a lot of projects and there's a lot of work going on. But to be fair, you can put one project in one big pile or you can put it in five piles and bust it up and name it five things. You can integrate your projects with their projects and it kind of all looks the same, right? And so to be fair, you can like pad it. Early in my speaking career, I learned from, I need to convey and I used to do it, publish, he used to publish a schedule. And so if you called up and were interested in speaking him, or having him speak, one of the things you got in his packet was like a schedule for the next six months and the previous month, right? And I used to say, nobody has ever been better in the history of planet Earth at making, going to the bathroom and taking a dump. Sound like you were booked to go do something.