And when they pull in, we don't want them to be the only car. Same with a restaurant. Well, this is just the same principle. Why do they care whether there's a full parking lot or an empty parking lot? Because they want to go someplace that's successful. They don't want to go someplace that's unsuccessful. Same thing here. So if somebody's going to give me a hundred grand to write copy, what's one of the things important in their mind that they want to know? Am I the only jackass here? Right? Or are other people doing this? Right? And so there's lots of ways to make that case to them, but one is they want somebody to be successful. Then there's a demonstration thing I do that I can only do when I'm at home, which was one of the big advantages when I stopped going to other people's offices. All my stuff is there. Same. So I can go find things for you. Now, if I wasn't lazy, and I prepared a little more, I could find stuff for you in advance. And I could have it all nice and neatly arranged in the conference room of all the stuff that I thought I might want to show you during the day. But that's not as impressive and exciting as having you sit there or go look at books for five minutes while I go as the great hunter on your behalf into the mysterious back room and slam drawers and move boxes and come back having retrieved just the right thing for you to see. That's a better demonstration. Now, it also is the added virtue of me not preparing, which is a practical issue. But I tried it a few times. I actually prepared when I got stuff and I neatly arranged it. And I could tell it wasn't as exciting to people as having me go and come back with dust and hair. I found this for you. It didn't work as well. It didn't give them as good an experience. Yeah, it was from the standpoint of the deliverables or the skill or the effort that they were going to do with any of that. But it has a lot to do with the outcome. Now, of course, I've ruined it for any of you, but nevertheless, the last thing that happens that I very much want people to see is for the most case, most of the time none, at worst a few, but most of the time, no interruptions. Nothing happens during the day, but us, which is consistent, right, with part of the persona that I have presented. Phone may ring three or four times tops, because there aren't that many people that even have the number. And most of the telephone solicitors call after four o'clock and we're already done and gone. So the phone may ring a few times, but I don't answer it. Nobody else answers it either, because generally speaking, there's either nobody else there or Carlos upstairs not to be seen.