Okay, so now we're going to move into, this is probably my favorite part, as I was going through this whole discovery phase and like looking at all these patterns and stuff. The third piece here is by far all the stuff like the one that I've geeked out the most about, got more excited. And I feel like it's the piece that a lot of people miss. A lot of people are good at becoming the attractive character. A lot of people are good at causing culture building and things like that. This is where I think the majority of the mistakes are happening, especially working with inner circle members. After I become more aware of this, this is like the problem with most people's offers and most of the products. And so the third step here in how to create a mass movement is the new opportunity or the vehicle change that you're offering somebody. And so that's what we're going to be talking about during this session. And when I started looking at everything, like you look at all of the mass movements again, this is like a big thing. There's two things. There's offers that you're trying to help people become better. And there's offers where you're offering people a new opportunity, a new thing that they can have. You look at all the mass movements and none of the mass movements were ever built upon like, hey, we're going to help you become better at this thing. It's super uninspiring. And the true believer he talks about, if you look at traditional organizations like going to college or going to school, it's like you're trying to get better and you move up through the ranks. You go to like a corporate in the corporate world, like you start at the bottom and you're trying to improve your way to the top, which is super uninspiring and movements are not built on that concept at all. It's not built on like, I'm going to keep progressing it better and better and eventually I'll get somewhere. It's like, no, here's an entirely new opportunity I want to offer you. If you look at the spectrums of Hitler on one side and Christ at the other side, like Hitler came to the German people and what was his message? It was not like, hey guys, this whole thing sucks. All the issues we're having, like we should, you know, maybe we can get our, some of these, the fines and stuff and the fees are to pay lower and let's change some things. Hitler came in and was like, no guys, like this whole thing is not true. I'm not a big history buff. I don't know all the details behind it. He basically came in and was like, look, the treaty that they had after World War I, like that's false. This is not true and we're going to get rid of it. I'm going to offer you guys a new opportunity. Like we are the German people. This is our thing. Like this is, we're not going to make this better for everyone. We're getting rid of this old thing that we had that's holding all of us back and we're presenting a new opportunity as people got excited and they followed him. When Christ came, he didn't come back and say, okay, you guys are delivering to the Lord of Moses. We're going to do a little bit better. We're going to make it a little faster. He's like, no, the Lord of Moses is done. It's gone. It's over. We're bringing you, is the new covenant, new set, we're coming back and instead of doing animal sacrifices, we're going to be doing a broken heart and a contrite spirit. So there's his thing and this is a new opportunity. It was different than people like, wow, like I want to be part of that. Okay. You look fast forward to nowadays Steve Jobs when he came out, right? He's been, he's in the stage with his black turtle neck on. He's doing his whole thing. He didn't come to people like, hey guys, I got this thing. This is a CD player. Not going to be able to hold six CDs. We're going to have 26 or 36 without making that thing better and it would have been uninspiring. No one cared. He's like, look, you guys up to this point, you got to get CDs and all these things to be able to listen to your music like that's gone. Now he pulls out the iPod. You remember this? He's like, this is it. 2,500 songs done. This is a new opportunity. This is different. Okay. Every in your pocket, every, if you look at all the mass movements that are all built on that like offering people a new opportunity. And so what's interesting though is that most of us, we don't, we come back and we have this, this thing like there's improvement and then there's a new opportunity. And for whatever reason, I think it's partly because like how we've always been raised is like we're always trying to make people better. Like I'm going to help you to be faster or stronger or smarter or better. But as soon as you have like, for someone to agree, if you say, I'm going to buy my course, buy my product, it's going to make you smarter. For them to say, I want to buy that, they by default have to admit that they're dumb. If I want to be smarter, I have to admit that I failed. If I want to get whatever that thing is. And so there's this internal like struggle that will always happen when you're offering improvement offers. And there's a whole bunch of reasons why in the book as you guys go through it, you'll see some of the core ones in here. Excuse me. First one is the improvement is hard, right? How many of you guys want to come better at something? Like not mostly like it's hard like you've done it before. Like and so like to try to do the same thing and I'm going to try to do better. Like it's just it's it's painful. Like in our minds, we know like what a pain has to go through, right? Like this is I'll use weight loss. For example, if I've tried to lose weight 10 different times and someone's like, hey, we're going to lose weight together. We're going to do it. But it's like the same thing like we're going to do it. Like I've tried so many times. I know what that pain looks like. I know I failed over and over and over again. So I have to like get back and do it again. Like come back in to do it again. It's hard because my I can remember all of the the issues that happened in the past when I tried it. So that's what you're fighting against. Or if I can say like no, everything in the past, like that's like it's gone. Like here's this new again new opportunity, new thing. Then you have no like perception of like that can be easy or going to be hard. Like most of you guys became entrepreneurs. Like someone presented it like I bet half of you guys that happened in a hotel room or a home party, right? And you're like, are you kidding me? Like I can get paid for this. I can tell my friends and my mom and dad and I'll get paid. Like it was this new opportunity, right? And you came in and you were so excited. But those you've done a whole bunch of times like now it's it becomes like improved. How do you come better? And it's like the new opportunities what what brought you into into whatever it is you're doing right now, right? Somebody offered that opportunity to you. And so and because you didn't know yet, like I think most of you guys knew initially network marketing how hard it was going to be. You wouldn't have been all excited, but you don't know because it's a new thing. It's like it's so new. Like you don't you're not even aware of the pain you're probably going to have to go through. Like how many guys was there a lot of pain for you to be able to get to this room eventually, right? Like if somebody told me like, hey, Russell, you're gonna be overnight success. It's gonna take you 12 years and you're not gonna sleep pretty much the entire time. It's gonna be really, really hard. Your friends, your family members are gonna leave you a lot of times. Like you're gonna go through bankruptcy almost three times. Like all this stuff like I'm gonna sign up for that. Okay, but that's when you offer some improvement. Like they're thinking about all the stuff that failed in the past and like I don't want to do that again. But if I'm like, dude, this whole new thing, check this out. Then they have no idea what the past can look like. And so they're more likely to take that. Does that make sense? Because improvement is hard. People's mind. Second thing is that typically people that want to improve, like they're ambitious, right? And how many people would be your guests if you'll take the American population? How many of those people are actually ambitious and actually want to improve and get better? My percent. My percent. Yeah, I don't know how much you thought I had the answer. I don't know, but it's small, right? Okay, in fact, the funny thing is if you look at like most funnels, most value ladders, the people that end up in the very end are usually your improvement people. Like minor circles, most of you guys want to improve, you're doing, right? So it's on the back end, but I don't sell on the front end. If I was like trying to convince you guys on the front, like we're gonna make your business, like it's horrible, right? So the improvement like pops out the bottom, like you'll get the people that have high ambition, but most people are not ambitious. So if you're selling improvement, your like 99.9, whatever that percentage of the world is, it's gonna be like, I don't want that. Like that sounds nice and all, but that seems way too hard, right? So we have to understand that most people do not have ambitions. The next thing is commodity pricing. When you are selling improvement, your commodity is a lot of people trying to improve something, right? And so what happens when someone's commodity, we talked about earlier, it drives the price down over and over and over again. So as soon as you're like, yeah, I also help people to lose weight. Oh, I also hope you like, as soon as you're an improvement, then you're grouped with everybody else trying to improve that one thing and also in all the pricing drops. Or if you're a new opportunity, like I'm the only person in the world that does this, I'm the only person that can offer this, like there's no price barrier. Like you can charge whatever makes sense, okay? Which is a huge thing, is pulling that out, okay? So that's kind of the first piece to understand is every mass movement is created. The third piece of that is it has to be a new opportunity. And for a lot of you guys, this is gonna take some thinking through like, well, what am I offering people? Like what is this new opportunity I'm giving people? I gotta plug them into some kind of this new vehicle, this new thing.