Hey everyone, this is Russell Brunson.
I want to welcome you guys to our training today.
I'm excited.
Before we get started, I want to make sure you guys can hear me.
I had some microphone issues earlier today.
I recorded a video for about 30 minutes, and it turns out nobody can hear me.
So I want to make sure you guys can hear me.
All right, cool.
You guys can hear me.
Awesome.
OK.
Welcome, everybody.
So today, we're going to be talking about launch funnels, which is fun.
I don't think I've ever actually taught this concept before.
I've learned it from a lot of people.
We've done it a whole bunch of times in the past.
And we're actually working on a brand new one right now.
And so I've got actually working on two brand new ones right now, which are kind of fun.
So I've got a lot of this stuff in my head, and I'm excited to share it with you guys.
And hopefully, you guys will get a ton of benefits from it.
And I'm curious before we get started, how many of you guys have done a product launch in the past, or you're looking at doing one soon?
So either if you've done one in the past, say yes, I've done one in the past, or if you're looking at doing one in the future, say I want to do one.
So I can kind of see where you guys are all at.
All right, we've got some new ones coming out.
Could be as I've done them.
Past and future, OK, cool.
All right.
So I want to kind of give you background on this whole product launch concept, and kind of where I learned it from and where other people learned it from.
You can see right here on the bottom right hand of my screen.
You guys can see my screen, right?
I want to double check to make sure you see my screen.
A little while ago, I started putting it about a year ago, actually.
I started writing my first real book, and it's been A Labor of Love, and it's finally done, and it's actually going to the printers this week.
I'm excited.
I'm going to try to do a big New York Times bestselling launch in a couple months on it.
But this image, and some of the other images I've used during this training are from that book.
And so this is kind of the product launch script, and how I do it after doing this for now 10 years, how we kind of broke down the script, and I'll walk you guys through that here in a little bit.
But hopefully, it'll just give you guys my diss on just some structure and some ways to do it.
So when I first got started online, nobody was doing product launches back then.
People were just selling stuff, and it was way harder back then than it is nowadays.
We didn't have Facebook, or I mean, Google was there.
I never learned how to use Google.
They had other tools out there.
And so we were all doing our own thing, and different things were happening.
And I remember that I had built a little bit.
I probably had 10,000 people on an internet marketing list, and I was out there selling some training and things that I had learned.
And I remember one day in the mail, I got this huge box in the mail, and I wasn't expecting it.
I opened it up, and it was this big, huge course called Traffic Secrets from John Rees.
And it was so cool.
It was like 30 DVDs, and books, and manuals, and all this stuff.
And it was so exciting.
And I remember in there, basically there was a letter saying, hey, I'm about to launch my new home study course, and would love your help promoting it.
I know we never met before, but just want to send it to you, so you can check it out.
And if you like it, maybe you can promote it.
And I was like, well, that's pretty cool.
So I took the course, started going through it, and it was just really, really good.
And I remember that because he sent me when he put me on this little product launch list, and he started talking about his product that was coming out, and what he was going to do, and his launch sequence.
I remember getting these emails, and it was during the summertime, and I actually had a family vacation where I was going out to this place called Bear Lake, which is like five hours south where I'm at now with my family.
So we went down there.
And again, this is, man, 10, 11 years ago.
So it's been a while.
And we went down there, and there was no internet access anywhere at Bear Lake when we were there.
Like, this is before we had wireless or anything.
And so I didn't have the ability to get online during his launch week.
And so I remember going down there, I wasn't really thinking much about it.
I was doing my thing.
And then one day we went to this library.
It was the only place in the whole city that actually had internet access.
And there's a whole line of people in line that you had to wait in line to be able to actually to be able to go and check your email or whatever.
So I was waiting in line, and waited about 15, 20 minutes.
Finally got a shot.
And I probably had 10 minutes on the computer.
So I jump on real quick.
I'm checking my emails.
And I remember I got an email, one of the emails that was from John Reese.
And I was reading it.
And it was like a day or two after he launched Traffic Secrets.
And the email basically said, I think Sub-Scriber was like something like 18 hours, $1 million.
I remember I can still see myself sitting there.
Because I was just like a brand new marketer sitting there on this vacation reading this.
And he told the story about how he launched this thing in the first 18 hours.
It was a $1,000 course.
And they sold 1,000 copies in 18 hours, which was a million dollars in sales.
I remember sitting back in the chair.
And I couldn't even like, it was hard for me to even grasp that it was possible.
And I don't think I even checked any more emails.
I sat there and just kept thinking about that.
And then my time was up.
And I got up.
And I logged out of my email.
And I left.
And for the next couple of days, I remember just sitting there in this awe of just like, wow.
He made $1 million in 18 hours.
And I started just doing the math.
Like he sold 1,000 copies of a $1,000 product.
And it was the first time in my mind that that was even possible, that being a millionaire was even possible.
And I started thinking more and more about it.
And for me and for tons of other markers, when that one dude broke the four-minute mile, it was like, this is actually a possibility.
And then that kind of launched this whole product launch craze.
And then people started doing product launch.
Everyone else wanted, I want to make a million bucks real quick.
So they ever started making their home study courses and launching them.
And some people crushed it.
Some people didn't.
And it became this launch fest.
And then Jeff Walker came out and did his big product launch, teach people how to do product launches.
And then more and more people came out there.
And eventually it got the point where it was crazy.
There was literally a product launch happening.
And every, I would say, at least two or three a day sometimes were happening in the internet marketing industry.
And we kept seeing them.
And it was just crazy.
And it was cool.
We did a bunch of product launches for a while.
And then we took four or five years off from it, because it just got so crazy.
And I just hated the whole model and how it all works.
We stopped doing them completely.
But I started, I was watching what people were doing.
And Jeff Walker, he built this whole thing.
I went through all this training and his courses to understand what he was doing.
And Andy Jenkins came out with some amazing stuff on product launches.
And I learned a ton of stuff from him.
And they're all these pieces.
And so when we started coming together, when we launched ClickFunnels initially, and some of our other projects coming out here, I took the best of all these different worlds and kind of built them out into this process for me.
And so that's what I'm going to share with you guys.
It's kind of my process.
And then I'll show you guys how to, inside of ClickFunnels, how to kind of do this.
So the first thing, and I'll show you some examples of this, the way a typical product launch works, Jeff Walker in his book and in his course, he calls us a sideways sales letter.
So instead of having this long sales letter that someone comes through, it takes them the whole process and sells them, or a webinar or someone comes on, they sit for an hour or two hours and try to get sold, he calls us a sideways sales letter where typically, and this can deviate.
I've seen people do it with less videos, I've seen people do it with more videos.
But the typical product launch formula that most people do consists of four videos.
And it's basically taking your sales letter and knocking it over on its side.
And then video number one is part of that sales process.
If you go to number two, and video number three, and then video number four, and they take you through the sales process, where the first three videos are really heavy on content and training and giving tons of value.
And then the last video kind of releases the product that you're offering.
And so that's kind of what the side, he calls it a sideways sales letter.
That's kind of the concept.
When I first started kind of scripting out some of these for ourselves, I emailed Andy Jenkins, and I'm like, man, you have done so many of these things successfully, do you have a script for it?
And he basically sent me an email and he said, this is how I do it.
He says video number one is called the wow and how.
Number two is transformational education.
Number three is ownership experience.
Number four is the offer.
And he kind of gave me that.
And then I went kind of deeper and started, trying to figure out for me how to script it out.
So that's what this script is here.
And I'll go through this here in a minute.
But just conceptually, that's kind of the way that these videos are broken down into four video sequences.
So I'm gonna show you two product launches that we did inside of ClickFunnels.
This is actually with the old ClickFunnels.
So I'm gonna build you guys that one in the new editor, which is way better and way cooler, obviously.
But you'll see how I did these in the old editor.
So this first one, this is an example of how we did a product launch when we first launched ClickFunnels.
So some of you guys were part of this.
Some of you guys had not even heard of ClickFunnels when we did this.
We did this earlier in the summer.
And so I'll walk you through the process.
Oh, and the cool thing about what I'm gonna show you guys right now is you can do product launch funnels where they're like a live thing where you actually do a product launch.
Like day one, you do, everyone mails on, you know, every June 16th, everyone mails here.
Then June 28th, everyone mails here.
You can do that way.
What I traditionally do in better is building out kind of evergreen launch funnels, which I'm gonna be showing you guys today, where then we just drive traffic into the landing page.
They join the list and all the rest of the product launch happens after they join the list.
That makes sense.
Okay, so this is the landing page I created for ClickFunnels.
We first launched it, had this, the cool little video right here, which I'm sure most of you guys have seen this little cartoon video we made about ClickFunnels.
So there's the video here, headline, meet ClickFunnels, on the website builder, it doesn't actually build pages, it actually builds entire sales funnels, has some copy, and then an opt-in block.
Now for those of you guys who never saw ClickFunnels version 1.0, it kind of sucked because you couldn't add anything or change anything.
And so I was kind of stuck with what I had.
And so nowadays, if and when I rebuild this funnel, I'll have a lot more flexibility, but conceptually, this is what it was.
It was a landing page.
I was driving traffic into the landing page, and then after they opt-in, then we introduced them to this whole product launch.
Does that make sense, you guys?
All right, so there is the squeeze page.
Now if someone opt-in to squeeze page, then we took them to product launch page number one, and this is what it is right here.
And so you notice what we did is we had four videos across the top.
So video number one, which again is the wow and how, number two is the transformational education, number three was the ownership experience, and then number four was the offer.
So those are the four videos that they were gonna get.
But notice that these three were kind of grayed out.
They couldn't get access, and they only got access to this one that was lit up.
And so they watched the video right here, and hopefully some of you guys saw this video.
We also used this video, when we did the funnel hacks webinar, we put these, because I already done these videos from the product launch, we put these as the videos that people would see after they registered for the webinar.
And you notice on the side here, we also did the videos here on the side, which personally I actually like this more, and it works a lot better with the new, the new, what's it called, the new editor.
So I'll show you guys that as we start playing with the editor, okay?
And so we had the videos on the side.
So then I had the video number one, which again was the wow and how, and I'll break down that script later.
But for this video, it was basically, we were trying to make like, like if you look at the wow and how script, actually let me pull it up so you can see.
Okay, oh and really quick, if you guys are looking for where this script is, if you log into funnel hacks, you come down here to inception secrets, and I thought I had it open.
Maybe I don't have it open.
Anyway, if you log into inception secrets, and you log in there, and then right here in your product launch script, there's some training on the script, and there's the actual PDF, so you can print it out and have it and take notes on it if you need that.
So again, that's the side of funnel hacks, and then the side of the inception secrets product.
All right, so the wow and how.
So let me kind of explain how this works.
So video number one is the wow and how.
So let's say you have this new concept, and you're trying to explain it to somebody, right?
So first thing you have to kind of wow them, like wow, this is what it is, and it kind of show them how this process works, okay?
So you look at like, in a typical sales letter, you have your headline, right?
The goal of the headline is to grab someone by the shirt and stop them and say, wait, I gotta show you something awesome, okay?
So for me, video number one is the wow and how, wait, stop, wow, check this out, and then let me show you how this works, okay?
And then my basic script is first time my big promise, let me show you something, right?
How I lost a million pounds, or how I, whatever your product, your market is, like whatever your big promise is.
The number two is I share content piece, okay, so I teach some content.
Number three, I kill like the common myths that people might have, and then I hook to the next video.
So here's what happened in the next video, okay?
So if you look at this process here, so my goal is I'm trying to do a big wow and how, right?
And at this point, nobody had heard of ClickFunnels or ever had seen it before, right?
So I'm trying to wow them.
So I was thinking like, how do I, what kind of experience do I get somewhere that they're gonna have like this, wow, like this is a brand new thing.
And so I went, I took this, this is Mandy Pratt, she's an author and a coach, and so she's someone who has no technical skills.
I took her and we were gonna have her compete against an actual website designer, have them compete so you could build a sales funnel out the fastest, okay?
That was the initial thought behind this video.
And then as I sometimes do, I got really excited and then we started just thinking about really crazy ideas and we ended up renting out MMA gym and totally went over the top on it.
But conceptually, I was just trying to give this wow and how like, wow, someone with no website design experience can build a website faster than someone who's totally successful.
My big promise was I was gonna show them the anatomy of a half a million dollar a month funnel.
Okay, so that's kind of the concept of this video.
So I started this thing out basically in the storyboard if you've seen the video I talked about, this is Mandy, this is who she is.
I'm gonna show you how someone with no website design experience is going, can actually beat a designer.
Plus I'm gonna show you guys, here's my big promise, the anatomy of a half a million dollar a month sales funnel.
So I go through, we drive the MMA gym, we get some funny footage, this is Chris, who she's gonna compete against.
We sit them down and they start competing against each other to see who can build out a funnel the fastest, right?
So that was kind of the big premise of this video.
Then I go back to my office and I show them the wow and how I show them the anatomy of a half a million dollar a month sales funnel.
Talk about the common myths, you have to have a designer and a programmer, kind of go through that, still have some talk about my common myths.
And then if I hooked to video number two, I talk about like, let's go back and see who's gonna win.
Is gonna be Chris, is gonna be Mandy, who's gonna win?
Okay, so that's kind of the basic script I followed for video number one.
Does that make sense you guys?
Okay, someone asked me a question here.
Okay, so someone said, how do I make sure that, so in click phones, it's not super difficult.
All you do is I'm creating four pages, okay?
One version of the page, this one's lit up, version number, you know, page number two, the first two are lit up, page number three, first three lit up, page number four, all four lit up.
Okay, and so what I'm doing is when someone joins my list back here, immediately they get taken to watch video number one, and then maybe two days later, then they get the email, takes them to page number two, page number three, and page number four.
Does that make sense?
So what I do is I typically, I build this page out once, after it's done, then I just clone that page in my funnel, then boom, I have the next page, and I just make the couple of tweaks, and I clone it again, make the next page, and kind of move on from there, okay?
So again, this is video number one.
Now I switch to the next page, I clone this page, click me to video number two, and notice video number two, I have the two top ones are colored out, so and then if they click on this, take some back to the page one, or the same page number two, it's a different page URL, so I send someone directly to that page URL, and then they watch video number two.
Okay, now video number two for me is now my transformational education.
So this one's all about like, let's do this together, okay?
So what I did is I come back to them, kind of, you know, these guys competing, and then I went back, and I actually took Mandy back to the office, as if I was taking one of my clients there, and I'm trying to give them this, I want them to see kind of how this process works, right?
So for Mandy, I actually just sat down, and we mapped out her sales funnel on the wall, just like I would do if someone came to my office, we kind of built out the structure of it, figured out what it was going to look like, and we had this transformational experience with them, they had a chance to kind of share, okay?
So again, let's do this together, so I took Mandy and we did the progress, or we took it together, she'll prove that it was working, so we kind of showed how this was all going to work, and I did the content where we actually built the whole thing out, and then hooked to video number three, okay, so that was the next video here.
Notice everything else is kind of the same, then the third video comes in right here, boom, and my third video is now the ownership experience, now I want them to see how easy it actually is, so then what we did is we kind of finished up this whole storyline of these guys competing, Mandy wins, and then we went back and clicked funnels, and this is where I have my ownership experience, where I talk about, can you imagine what it'd be like when you can design funnels just like Mandy, in the next video, I'm going to give you guys access to a really cool tool, so I'm hinting to the offer, and I'm going to show them, let me show you how you can actually do this when you have it, so I log into ClickFunnels, I just showed them, here's how it works, I built out a whole thing with them, and with this process, and boom, and all is done, now they got this awesome funnel that's been created, okay, so that's kind of how video number three went, and then video number four now is the offer, this is where you actually go and you sell your product, and so for this one, we didn't really have a good offer video, I wish I would have done a better job, I just ran out of time, and so what we did is we actually did a Google Hangout, and for like, how long it is, an hour and 50 minutes, I just talked about ClickFunnels, and we did prizes, and gave away stuff, and it was really fun, and that's how we sold people to ClickFunnels the first time, okay, so again, I just want to kind of show you guys the structure, this is what I'm talking about, sideways sales letter, okay, it went video number one, was anatomy of a half million dollar month funnel, video number two is how to design your funnel, video number three, how to build your entire funnel in 10 minutes, video number four, let's go create your first funnel, okay, so here's your offers that I've got, here's what it's gonna do for you, here's what you're gonna do with it, and here's what you need to do it right now, okay, so there's kind of the script, and again, this script is kind of loose you guys, we tweak this every single time, and I'm gonna show you another product launch we did here in a minute, but that kind of, you know, a lot of people, we actually did a big event out here for my Ignite and my Inner Circle members, and a bunch of people were stuck, and like, what do I put in these videos, and so I gave them the script, and so you know, it doesn't have to be exact, but this gives you kind of a framework to use for how to craft your videos for your actual product launches, okay, all right, someone said, do you have to make a video, or can you do it with VSL?
Yeah, you can do it with VSL, some people do it with, one of our students did the whole thing with an iPhone camera, just holding iPhone and talking directly into it, you know, this one right here, video four was just a Google Hangout, so there's no right or there's no wrong, it's more of the messaging, right, it's how do you deliver, boom, the wow, and how the transformational education, ownership experience, and then the offer, and again, you can do it through PowerPoint, through iPhone video, through professional video, through Hangouts, through whatever makes the most sense for you, for me, I'm more talking about the concept and the structure of how the whole thing works, okay, that's our ClickFunnels product launch, let me show you another one we did, this one was List Hacking, and this one I actually put video number one on the squeeze page, just because I wanted to, there's no other reason than that to be honest, so video number one was actually on the squeeze page, this one, and this one didn't follow this script completely, the reality is I'd created some really cool videos ahead of time, and I didn't really have, I hadn't, I didn't have this script when I was recording these videos, I more had video done, and I started just making them, so these things work even if you deviate from the script, but the script should help give you framework as you're moving forward, so this one, this is what we did, video number one is me just kind of telling my story when I first started List Building and how I got in trouble, and I got my internet shut down, I almost got fined a whole bunch of money, and I got called the spammer, and I was like, I did it all wrong, and I kind of tell my story, and this is like the house I was at when I was trying to do the whole thing, so I just kind of tell, that's a horrible frame to freeze on.
Anyway, so that was kind of, that was kind of video number one was here, they opt in, and now if they've opted in, now I've got them into this product launch sequence, so what I did right here, then I had video number two, which is me telling a story about junk mail, okay, and this had, I explained junk mail to help people understand how real mail worked, so again, this is video number two here, and I just kind of told this, I just kind of told that story, and for me video number three, I went to my backyard and had all these yellow flowers here, and I told, this video kind of talked more about like what they were actually gonna get, and some things like that.
Third video, so that was the third video, and the fourth video is this, again, this was just like a random video that I recorded when we were out in Kenya, so again, this one didn't really follow any specific theme, or not, they had a specific theme, but didn't have like, it wasn't super tight on the script, but I was pushing people into a 14 day trial, so I didn't need to sell it as hard as I would, like a thousand or $2,000 course, but conceptually, do you guys see how it works?
It's all about like providing tons of value, so video number one gives them tons of value, video two, they get tons of value, video number three, they get tons of value, video number four now, you get a bunch of content, now you ask them for some money, okay?
I've seen people do this in so many industries, I saw one recently, some of you guys may know a guy named Vic, he wanted to join this MLM called Empower Network, and he wanted to do it, he wanted to do it in a big way, and so he just followed the same sequence, he made three videos, it was called Big Idea Mastermind, he had one video, two video, three video, and the last one, he pitched people on his thing, and he did that, and when he did that, he, I think he did like $800,000 in sales the first month, and I think he set a world record for the most front end sales of any person, any network marketing opportunity ever, and he did it all by following this process, tons of value, tons of value, tons of value, ask for the sale, okay?
So if you don't follow the script, don't worry, you guys, like I said, this is a proven script that works, but the key is you're just blowing people away with tons of value at each step, and then when you actually offer at the end, they're just like, yes, you deserve my money, I'm good with that, does that make sense, you guys?
Okay.
Okay, cool, so that's kind of the concept, so I'm gonna dive in now, you guys, now you kind of see kind of the concept of some of how these funnels work, and I'm actually gonna build one with you guys right now, would that be fun?
All right, so what I'm gonna do, let me see.
All right, so I'm gonna come out here, so you're going to click funnels, hopefully you guys all become masters at this point, so I'm gonna come out here and click on create funnel, let me actually make this bigger so you can have the whole screen, so you guys can see it better.
I'm gonna come here on launch funnel, and I create on create funnel, call it demo launch funnel.
Okay, now it's gonna go in here and check it out, so you can kind of see the structure is very similar, right?
It starts with an opt-in page, then you got product launch page number one, two, three, four, then you got your order form, if you can sell something, then you're gonna get your page afterwards.
That's kind of the core framework of the product launch funnel, and here's the templates that we kind of give you, the gate that you can use, and obviously you can tweak these and changes as well, so I'll probably do a blend of those two things, because I don't know about you guys, I like starting with the templates, but I usually tweak them and change them so much that they don't even look close to the same, and so I'm not sure if you guys do the same way, that's what I like doing, so I'm gonna do that right now with you guys, and we're gonna build out an actual funnel, and it'll be super fun.
Okay, so first thing is opt-in page.
I'm actually gonna just, I think this will be fun, I'm gonna kill two birds with one stone, so I'm gonna close these out right here, close that guy out.
All right, and I'm gonna rebuild my list hacking one, so I need my Wistia, I'm logging my Wistia account, so I can get my videos that are in here.
Oh, my login's failed.
Well, do you know our Wistia login?
Hopefully he'll build a funnel with Wistia login, so I'm just gonna start.
So again, first thing I do is I come in and click Funnels, where do we go, here we are.
All right, so my landing page, so I'm gonna find a landing page that I like, I'm gonna put a video on my landing page for this one, and I'm gonna click on the landing page, I'm gonna click on my landing page for this one, because I really like that idea, especially driving traffic from Facebook, people love it when you do kind of a reverse opt-in, when you start with some really good content.
So this is a cool one right here.
Let's see if that's what I wanna use or not.
Oh man, this is my favorite part of the day, you guys, I'm not sure about you guys, but I honestly, all I wanna do is just make click Funnels pages.
I'm gonna use this one, I'm gonna tweak it a little bit, I'm gonna use this template right here.
All right, so there's the page, open up the editor.
Plus loading to see if Brits do password works, to get in.
Not working, oh it did work, nevermind, cool.
Okay, so I've got, I've got like a million videos in here, so I'm gonna make sure I find the right ones.
So if you guys, Wistia is one of the integrations that we use inside of Click Funnels, and I really like Wistia a lot, there's list hacking, because the videos load really, really fast.
It's kind of expensive though, but just, you know, that's why I use this a lot, but it's not, it's more expensive, but it loads videos really fast, so I use it for a lot of things.
Okay, so this is the page, I'm gonna change this out right here, with the actual list hacking logo.
I change out the logo there.
Oh dang, it's on a different color background.
Oh, that's all right.
Say I have a white background, this is not white, so I'm gonna do, that's how I solve problems.
I'm gonna add another section here, and grab that section I just made.
If you guys have done this before, you can grab a section and just rearrange the order like that, it's kind of cool.
Okay, and I'm gonna make this background go full page, so the bar goes all across the top, I move the logo, oh I think I have to make the row first.
The logo there, I'm gonna make the logo big now.
Not that big, that's way too big.
All right, that's better.
I'm gonna shrink the margins on top and the bottom.
There we go, now the list hacking's on a white background, it looks a little better there.
Add bottom border, there, okay, so there's that.
I'm gonna delete this picture image here because I want my video in there.
So I'll come right here, I'm gonna add in a block for my video.
There's my video, and I'm gonna kind of like here into Wistia.
The video I'm gonna use is that one, I believe, yeah.
So I think all I need is this, let me see.
Place choose down here, choose Wistia, Wistia URL, auto play on.
Let me see what that page looks like now.
Cool.
I'm really excited now.
All right, so that video's in there right now, I'm gonna change though because I don't want, like this headline, so list hacking had been emailed us and actually make money with it.
So I'll come back here now.
Delete that headline.
All right.
It's funny when people start building stuff and click, I don't know if this might be boring for you guys, but for me, I love watching people do stuff and see how they use it.
Okay, so list hacking, underline that, I'm gonna make that, let's see.
I got like a dark red, make this part all black.
There you go, there's my headline, it's my video.
And then down here, so we had this kind of opt in, so I like that red.
Oh, there's a really cool thing, I just wanna learn a cool click funnel trick.
Okay, so check this out, there's this little thing right here, this little color wheel, on my top right hand screen it's called color pick eyedropper.
This is a little plugin for Chrome you can get for free and you click on it and then it makes these little like bullseye arrows and I can pick any color, so let's say it's right here, like this red right here, I click on that, boom, and it gives me the number code, so I can copy that and then come back over here.
Let's say I wanna make, so I'm gonna make this section, like the background color, I wanna make that red, and I just paste that color code there, boom, and it makes it that same red, is that cool?
Does that make sense?
So I can pick any color, so let's say I want it to be the color of my shirt, I click on this little color code thing, makes the little arrows, I come right here on my shirt and I pick whichever color I want, so I find that blue, click on it, it gives me the number for that color blue, I come back here and then anywhere that I'm at the color code, I can just copy that number right there, boom, now that's the accent color, now it's my shirt.
Is that cool?
Or what?
When I learned that, it got me so excited.
So again, it's a free Chrome plugin, it's this little thing it's called, if I can see if I can, if I go to, yeah, so it's called Color Pick Eyedropper, so if you go to Google Chrome, the App Store, Color Pick Eyedropper for free and then boom, it just gives you the actual colors of anything on your screen, is that awesome?
Yeah, something like that.
So it's not Google App, it's Google Chrome, so if you do chrome.google.com slash web store, they have this whole App Store, and so I use the Color Picker Eyedropper, so cool.
Anyway, that's just kind of my little tricks that I learned and so I use it all the time now.
So I actually wanted this red though, so I'm gonna come back, grab this red, and then I come back here, I'm gonna turn this, I actually have to look kind of cool with that blue, huh?
You know what, maybe I'll just leave that, that turn out cool when I thought, okay, if that blue becomes the winner.
Okay, I'm gonna make this, oops, move that above, I want a headline above it.
So add my headline in here, watch the list, oops, hacking, training videos now.
Boom, and now there we go.
I shrink some of this, some of these margins out a little bit, and I'm just gonna delete all this stuff, but there you go.
Now I got my opt-in page all done.
Let me check it out real quick and see what it looks like in normal size.
Sweet, so there's my, the video number one launch sequence, and it's right there, and someone comes and opt-in, obviously I go and integrate my email out responder, but now video number one in this funnel is, or page number one is pretty much done.
So I'll save that, and then I will exit out.
Oh, RC said, get the WP plugin ready so I can cancel ePage, so good news you guys, I actually played with the new WordPress plugin, and it's done, it's just there's a couple little tweaks, a little couple of bugs we found, so it is getting very, very, very close, you guys are gonna love it.
Yeah, so all you guys who have been waiting for the WordPress plugin is close, it's finally almost here, so excited.
All right, okay, product launch page number one.
So I'm looking at these right here, and now if you notice, you can kind of see these really quick if you preview them, you can obviously see them better, and most of these have the videos on the left-hand side here, they have content block here, or people ask questions, and the video's up here, they have links right here, or if you look at this right here, it's got the actual video images on top, so it kind of just depends on what your style is, what you like.
I think for this one, what I wanna do, I'm gonna probably do a mismatch of both, I'm gonna use this template here, I'll probably use this for page number two, video number two.
All right, so I got the page, and open up the editor.
All right.
Also, much of you guys noticed, we've added three or four new types of different types of countdown clocks, have you guys seen that?
This is better every single day, so if you look, we got the date countdown clock, the timer evergreen, the daily evergreen, so three types of clocks you can have in here, each do kind of a different thing, one is a countdown to a date, so let's say you know this is a real product launch that's happening in, on June 13th, you can put in June 13th, and it'll count down to that, and when it gets to zero, then it's there, timer evergreen, this is one, let me think, I use confused, one's a daily evergreen, so you say, every night, it counts down to zero at midnight or whatever, I think that's the daily evergreen, it goes out to midnight each night, and the timer evergreen, I can't remember what the top of my head with that one is, this is for you guys to explore and have fun with now too, I think I'm gonna use those too, so that's why I can't remember the third one, but anyway, there's some new elements that are coming in there, which is kind of cool.
Okay, so here it is, so video number two, so it kind of depends on how you want to structure this, now for me, my launch videos, I'm typically not gonna have something on the left-hand side here, so I'm just gonna change this, I'm gonna put one block in the middle, I'm gonna throw my video file right there in the middle, and then, I may have, let me think, what did I do here?
I had, so video number two was junk mail seekers, I didn't have any kind of download link or anything, so I probably won't have, so I'll probably just delete the rest of this block right here, I don't really need it, boom.
I might add a title though, so let me add, I'm just gonna clone this element, I cloned it, I'm just gonna grab it, move it up above, and then I'll add a little top margin there, cool, so I'm gonna call this one, actually you know what I'm gonna do?
Well, let me do this first, so this one is video number two, junk mail secrets, okay, that's it right there, well I think I'm gonna do, because I like having these locked video images on the side here, so what I'm gonna do is, I'm gonna actually make this a two column, so if you do two columns, I can make it where the right column is big, so it's two thirds, or the left column is big, and the right column is small, so I'm gonna do that, so then it goes like this, I got big and a small, I'm gonna put my video into the bigger one, and I think I'm gonna add my product launch, like the lockdown images right there, so I'm gonna grab video number one, these lovely, you can drag and drop things around, there's these driving me crazy, because I never could do anything prior to ClickFunnels, and I just hated it, now I can just, if I'm like, oh, I wish I was over here, and I can just grab it and do that, it's awesome, okay, so launch video number one, are these all the same, okay, those are the same, so I'm just gonna clone it here, because it's faster for me just to go and click on element, and click on the little two icon, it clones it, click right here, clone it, boom, there's video number two, curious how you guys clone things too, if you've played enough to know, I love cloning them, clone it again, I got video number three, and then video number four, cool, so I got all the videos there, it's kinda cool, I like that, and then I might move the Facebook comments, I might just move those up so that they are right underneath this video, I think I can do that, let me see if I can, yeah, cool, so I got my Facebook comments right there, and I might just delete this whole section down here, all right, so that's pretty sweet looking for me, again, this is like, you guys can make your own every like, but I think that looks cool, so let me preview this and see what it looks like, yeah, that's pretty cool, a couple things I don't like, it's kinda hard to see these right here, and you can't see that as well, so I'm gonna do, one thing that's kinda cool, and this took me a while to figure this out, but you know, like, over here, I can get, like, I can do the sections and the rows real easily, but it's hard to like, get the columns, you actually can't get them just by clicking on it, if I can move over to columns, and I hover over, so there's my right hand column, so I click on that now, and that opens up all the stuff here, so I can come right here to the column, if you want, I can kind of put like a white background behind that, see how that's kind of showing up over here, on the column there, which is kinda cool, probably gonna add some radius, so there's the corners around it a little bit, add a little top margin in there, yeah, that's way cooler, huh?
I might do the same thing here, so the Facebook comments show up, so again, I can't edit the, just the column elements by itself, I have to come over to the column block, and hover over it till I find that column, so boom, there it is, I cover it over, click on it, opens up all those things here, then click here, and same things, I can kinda go, oh, see it's just doing it down here, so what I'm gonna do is I need to add some top margin, and there we go, some bottom, maybe add, let's see, radius, so I can circle these edges out a little bit, some left and right margins, oh, wait, this one's not padding, there we go, that looks better, all right, cool, so I like that better, because now look at this, now when I save it, so look right now, see it's kinda hard to see some of the stuff, but if I refresh it, and boom, now, I can read their comments a lot better, so that's kinda cool, so there's now my product launch page, and if I come back to Wistia, I gotta find my second video, so junk mail is my second video, click on this here, come back over here, click on the video, change it to Wistia, GRL, auto play on, resave it, now when I refresh, it should have my video here, and there's video number two, now, a couple other things I would do, just so you see what I would do if this was mine, if I was launching this, I would just click on this, so this is my, well, let me do this, okay, so right now it shows video number one's locked, but obviously video number one's not locked, video number two it says it's locked and it's not, so what I would do is I would come back here to video number one, and I would take a screenshot of it, so there's a lot of tools, I use this program called Jing, J-I-N-G, it's free, it makes this little sun right here, and the sun's gonna fly up to the corner of my screen, I can hover over it, and it'll let me grab a little screenshot of something, I can screenshot this page right here, so there's the page, I'll click on this little capture image, and it captures it, and I'm gonna save this file, so let's save it as list hacking one, then I come back here, I can go and edit this image, I'm gonna put in a picture of that, of that video, let's see, desktop, G-H-I-G, where's it at?
It's always hard to find it sometimes when I just drop to my desktop, E-F-G-H-I-G, there it is, so that in there, and now I'll actually have a little picture of that first video, we'll be in that spot there, now the big secret you guys, I think a lot of people don't understand when they're doing this, they're thinking that there's some magic on how it unlocks each video, but all this is four different pages, that's how I do it, now this page, because this page is already unlocked, I'll just come back to the actual page and then I'll link to it, so somebody clicks on it, it would take them back to the home page where they can see video number one, and video number two is this one right here obviously, so I do the same thing here, hopefully I'd find a better screenshot than...
I hate how bad screenshots always look, come on, okay I'll see that for fun, so I grab this screenshot right here, snap it, save it, attacking two, then I come back here to this page right here, now I'm just going to upload, let's tacking two video page, does that make sense you guys?
E-I-H-I-G, E-I-H, um, let's go to second two, some say what am I using for screen capture, it's called Jing project, Jing, so I use the J-I-N-G project, and it goes to techsmith.com, it's one of their programs, it's free, it's called Jing, J-I-N-G, it's awesome, I love it, boom, now video number two, so there's, I got, you come to this page, and video number two is just the video that I already on, and so now that's done, so then I'd save that, and that's what I would do for this page, you guys, okay, I'd also change links up here, so I'd come back here and like, you know, video number two and three can be unlocked, but video number one, I would link back to video number one and so on and so forth, okay, so what I'm going to show you now is, so I go back out here, now you'll see, you know, I've got two of the core pages in the funnel done, right, opt-in page is done, launch page number one is done, now what I used to do, people are realizing this was possible, is I'd go through now and I'd edit each of these pages and try to match all the changes I made to the first one, but it was a nightmare, so one thing we added for you guys is called cloning pages, so now this page is done for product launch, instead of me going and recreating it three or four more times, I just come right here at the top and if you click on, nope, it's not there, down here, clone, see the little button says clone, I click on that, it'll clone this page and so then I have like the exact page I need and I just have to go in and add video number three and then it's kind of, it's kind of done, you know what I mean, so I click that, it'll take a second and boom, now it throws it down here and it's a clone version of the page I just made, so I'm going to use like, come right here, and it'll add to funnel and it'll jump that page from being down here in the extra pages, it'll pop up to the funnel right here, and it'll grab it, I'll move it right up to here, save it, and I'm going to rename this because now this is now launch page number two, I'll launch page two, I'll save that, I'm going to delete the old launch page two, because that's no longer needed, and I tell you what, that cloning pages thing is like, saved my life, because especially on product launches, because otherwise you have to redo it every single time.
Alright, so now, checking out, I got, so option page, page number one, page number two, page number two looks exactly like option number one, so I'm now going to open it, and all I do now is I come back, again for me, I'm using Wistia, so I'll come back and grab video number three, which is, oh, it's not in here, we have made a new one, huh, anyway, this is the old video three, but we changed it since then, so I'll just put it in for now.
Okay, so come back here, so I'm going to edit this video out, I'll make this one video number three, again, I'm going to grab just a screenshot of video number three, and I'm going to go back to the screen, and I'm going to go back to the screen, and I'll grab just a screenshot of video number three, hey, this is, okay, so I'll grab a screenshot now of video number three, save it, save it there, and I come back, and video number three is no longer locked, so I'll change that video out, here, hijk, let's take it three, boom, okay, and that's uploading, and now you'll see how quick and easy I just created the third page in the sequence.
Yeah, so the longest part is just kind of designing the initial, getting the initial page perfect, and if that's done, you can go and just reclone it, add a new video and add a new screenshot, and that fast you've got each of the pages done and ready to rock and roll.
Oh, come on, of course it's going to, there we go, and there's video number three, okay, and I'll go back, I'll clone the page again to it for video number four, I'm not going to do that right now, because you guys kind of get the gist at this point, but then we save it, and boom, now launch page number three is finished.
Okay, and you got number three, and then number four would be then the offer page, okay, so let me kind of show you guys now what I would do, so you kind of get how all these pieces kind of fit together, right?
So right now I've got squeeze page, video one, video two, video three, and video number four, which obviously I had my first page on the squeeze page, so I can actually oh, I did the wrong page back here, that's why that's not working.
It's like, why is it not, why is it showing launch page on this option page?
This is the one should be video number two.
So I refreshed that now, I should have all the page titles, right?
When you clone the funnels, yeah, anyway.
Okay, so I got reverse squeeze page, launch video one, launch page two, launch page three, I'm just going to delete four, because that's no longer needed for this funnel.
That's in my order form, it's like we didn't sell funnels, and other things we've already done in other videos I'm not going to focus on, but just, that's kind of the concept behind it.
Now, if you look at this, you guys, each of these launch pages, so there's page number one, there's page number two, there's page number three yet.
So what I'm doing when I do this, oops, they open a paint brush, you can kind of see conceptually how this whole thing happens.
So what we're doing is, somebody comes in to launch page, they give you their email address here, right, then from my email sequence, and I'll send one email out, then it'll take them to product launch page number one, and they watch video number one, and my goals get them to come here and kind of comment, right?
And they see like, here's the other videos that are still locked, you're going to see about soon, right?
So I might send like two or three emails here, like make sure you watch it, make sure you watch it, tomorrow we'll release the next video, and then boom, day four now, I would send the link out to the second page.
They'd see the next video here, and I might send two or three videos, like two or three emails saying, go watch it, go watch it, go watch it, and then they'll say, okay, in tomorrow, the next video page is coming out, and we don't really unlock it, we just send them the next link in the funnel, right?
So I can go watch video number three, and then we might send two or three emails about that, and they'll say, okay guys, tomorrow this is when we're un-launching and doing the big, huge reveal, where you can finally sign up and buy, or whatever that thing is, and then we send the link to page number four, okay?
So that's how we're doing it, you guys, it's very simple, it's not some magic where this unlocks at this time, and this, you know, all those kind of fancy things, it's just, it's four pages, when they opt in here, then they get the emails for the first page, and then when I'm ready for them, then you get the emails for the second page, third page, and the fourth page they buy.
And that's the way we do all of our product launches now, we make them very evergreen, so I can just drive traffic into here, they go through the sequence, and the sequence just works, it closes people, and it gets them excited and gets them to buy, and if you give enough value and content and make each of the trainings here, these content ones just amazing, then when it gets to this point right here, it's no-brainer, you will see in the comments, people are like, when can I buy, you know, unlock this thing, I want to buy, like, they'll be freaking out because you provided so much value, they just want to give you money, and that's what will happen all the time when you start doing it, okay?
And so, that's kind of how it works.
Somebody asks, so a couple questions I saw people coming, some of you guys asked coming in saying, on our initial funnels, these ones right here, the titles were very easy, and people could guess them, it's just up to you, like, you can make them complicated or not, I like having them kind of easy so that I can find them again sometimes, but the reality is a lot of times, click funnels will assign you some weird page link like that, and a lot of times, you'll be like using that because it's harder to guess, right?
Which is totally cool, but my thing is, like, if someone's guessing and they want to get ahead, I don't really care because that means that they're probably ready to buy, so I'm okay with that.
Another question is, someone's asking, it's like, those emails that are, you know, all the emails that are going out, through here, how are you sending those emails?
And so there's two ways to do it.
One way is, when you set up this, it's just like setting up an opt-in funnel, you add your auto responder, and your email auto responder can send those emails out, or if you want, you can have click funnels send those emails out for you.
If you want that, then just right here on the opt-in page, you click on email marketing, then you just go ahead and add number of emails.
So you can say, you know, email number one, send this out, you know, one day after they sign up, and this is going to talk about video number one, okay?
Then you create video number two, video number, and you go create all your entire follow-up sequence for your launch funnel, right?
There inside of click funnels, and click funnels will go out and send those emails for you.
You can still have them subscribed to your Aweber, or your GetResponse, whatever auto responder you want, then click funnels will be sending out sequences if you want, and both of those ways work.
There's not one that's better or worse, just kind of depends on what you like the best, okay?
Good questions.
What are the questions you guys have right now about the launch funnels, kind of how they work?
Okay, let's see.
Can we put a different image behind the lock?
So this is just an image right here.
So what I would do if you wanted to do that, I'm not really a good tech person, I don't know how to do that, but you can get like your screenshot of this image right here, and then you know how to do that.
You can put like a lock on top of it and have someone save it.
Again, I don't personally, I don't know how to use Photoshop, so I don't know how to do that.
If I was you, if I wanted that, I would just go to like Fiverr.com, F-I-V-E-R-R.com, and image editing.
And for five bucks, there's like a bajillion people here who will do insane image editing.
And if you just say, I've got three images, and I've got my three screenshot images here, and I just want you to put like a little play button or a locked icon.
I want a play button or a locked icon on three or four images.
I guarantee you for five bucks, you can get someone to do that really, really quickly for you.
So that's what I would do if you need different versions.
You know, maybe say, I need a black and white version with a lock, and then a color version with a play button.
And here's my four screen captures.
And you send them again for five bucks, and we can do all that for you really, really quickly.
If you know how to use Photoshop, then you already know how to do that.
But I never learned Photoshop, so I have to rely on my friends over at Fiverr to do basic things like that for me.
Good question.
Let's see.
So what's the mechanics to manage the prerequisites?
I must watch video one and release number two.
I don't do that.
Sometimes people come in and video number one and two don't get excited.
They watch any of them.
The video number three, they actually do watch it.
And video number three gets them excited.
And so that's why I always have the back videos unlocked so that someone watches video number three, and that's the one that grabs them and they watch it.
They're like, oh, this is cool.
Then they can go back and they watch two and they can watch one.
And people do that all the time.
So if you made it like if they don't watch one, they can't watch two.
You lose out on so many people who want to give you money, but whatever reason video number one didn't catch them.
So I would not lock those things out if I was you personally.
I don't.
And that's kind of the way I would look at it.
Will the webinar be available?
Yeah, this will be in the members area by tomorrow, just like we do with all the other ones in the funnel hacks members area.
What's the reverse squeeze?
Great question.
So a typical squeeze page is where we're basically you ask for somebody for the name email, right?
Reverse squeeze page is where you give them a whole bunch of content first.
And you're like, hey, if you like this and you want more, then give me your email address.
Okay, so you're providing value first.
Typically a lot of times your conversion rate is going down a little bit because someone's got to watch, you know, 10 or 15 or 20 minutes.
But the people who come through that come through after watching that.
Usually their relationship with you so much higher because they spent that time with you and they're more likely to buy, do all the other things that you need them to do.
So that's a great question.
You create a campaign in Fusionsoft to go along with it.
So Deborah, I don't use in Fusionsoft, but you definitely could.
I know some, there's a lot of Fusionsoft members here that do do stuff like that.
So you can definitely set up in Fusionsoft campaign to go out with emails and push people to each of the sequences.
So would you start out with an evergreen product launch and automated webinar to sell your first product?
Dave, there's so many variables to that.
I wouldn't even know how to answer that right off the top of my head because I don't know what your product is or things like that.
They're all good.
You know, I think with the product launch funnel, like the one that's kind of showing you, you know, typically we use those to sell higher ticket products just like a webinar.
So they're very comparable.
In fact, if you look at, when I did the training on how we use automated webinars, I actually, I kind of do in two tracks where someone registers the automated webinar and then they're getting emails where I'm doing like a mini product launch sink.
What's kind of behind it.
And so I think even a variation of the two works really, really good.
Okay.
How long is each piece of content?
That really kind of is up to you.
There's not really a set time that has to be.
I remember this is probably totally inappropriate for this training.
So I apologize in advance, but somebody told, I remember asking the same question 10 years ago.
I said, ask them, I said, you know, how, how do I know how long my training or how long my sales letter needs to be or things like that?
And the guy responded back to me.
It was kind of inappropriate, but it illustrated the point to me.
So he said, he was kind of an older guy and he said, he said, he said, how do you say it?
How do I say it without offending anyone?
So he said, he said basically, he said that your, your content or your training or sales letter, he says it's just like a woman's skirt.
It needs to be long enough to cover the subject, but short enough to still be interesting.
And so that's kind of what I go with.
That's kind of my thing is like, it doesn't matter how long it is, as long as it's still interesting and exciting and keeps you engaged.
If it's too long and it's boring, then that's not good.
But if it's too short and you don't cover the subject, it's not good either.
So it's kind of, you kind of find that happy median.
And a lot of times I make the videos and I show people and they're like, you know, it was hard to get through that.
Then I know that I was way too long, right?
And so that's kind of the, that's kind of how I judge it.
So hopefully I didn't offend anybody.
If so, I apologize.
Okay.
I got some questions that are completely on the radio.
Anything.
I asked him my Mac versus my PC.
I'm loving my Mac.
PC seems like a dinosaur now, but I still use it every once in a while.
Nick said, how do I use this webinar in the front end?
So if you go back, Nick, into the training and watch the automated webinar training, I walked through that, through that concept in a lot of detail and showed you the funnel we use and how it kind of two pieces fit together.
So I don't want to spend too much time here because we did cover that, I think last week actually.
So go back to watch the automated webinar training and I'll map the whole thing out for you in there.
Okay.
Oh yeah, good.
So someone said, if you don't want to use Fiverr, there's another program called Snagit.
So if you go, it's actually made by the same guys who made Jing.
It's a, it's Jing's big brother.
It's a Snagit.
It's kind of similar.
It's like image editing where you can add things.
You can do more inside of Snagit than you can inside of Jing.
So that one is just also text submit.
If you do snagit.com, that's another program I use a lot as well.
This one, this one's got a free like 30 day trial and I think it's like 30 bucks or something, but it's definitely worth it.
I've got it on every computer I own.
Okay.
Let's see.
Tony said, I'm a real marketer.
I did my first launch.
How do I increase my conversions?
Again, that's kind of a question that's loaded template without looking at it and knowing it and stuff like that.
You know, but you know, there's tons of things you can do to conversion to get.
If you ever read my book, 108 proven split test winners, I'll show you a lot of really cool things.
But a lot of us just testing ideas and trying different things and seeing what people react to and what they don't react to and make it kind of a fun game.
All right.
Cool.
Someone said, do I delay the opt-in for reverse squeeze page?
I don't personally.
I'm not a big fan of delaying stuff.
I know that's like the big hot craze and people love that.
I'm just not a big fan of it personally.
It doesn't mean it doesn't work.
I just don't love.
I like having it there so people know that my goal when you watch this video is to give me your email.
So I like having it there.
But if you do want to hide it, it's really easy to do inside of ClickFunnels.
I'm sure you've done it before, but if not, I'll show you real quick.
I open up my squeeze page and all I have to do is find that section and then I can add a timing to it.
So I take the section here, the whole blue section, I click on my little gear.
And down here, I've got my time delays.
I'm just going to say, okay, have this one fade in after one minute.
Actually, I'll fade in after like 20 seconds.
You can kind of see it here.
So if I save that now, then if you come back to this page here and I refresh it, notice this blue bar will disappear.
It's gone.
And then 20 seconds from now, the blue bar will appear.
So if you do want to hide the opt-in block and kind of surprise them with that, you definitely can.
And it's really easy to do just like I just showed you.
So we think we've got 10 more seconds left to see it pop back up.
We'll see you in a minute.
Someone said, with this, boom, there it is.
Cool.
All right.
R.C. said, how do you tie launch funnel with membership?
Same thing, you just do launch and then at the end of it, instead of selling a high ticket thing, you just sell a membership site at the end.
So launch is more like, again, it's like what I talked about earlier, it's the sideways sales.
It's a way to sell something.
And so we've actually done product launches where we sell a free trial.
We've done product launch where we sold a $3,000 thing.
We're going to be doing a product launch here in the future where we sell our $25,000 program.
So you can do it in a lot of different ways.
It's just a way to sell something.
That's more so it doesn't matter what it is, but it does work well with the expensive things, which is kind of cool.
But it also works even, I mean, not so much even better, but it works amazing with low, cheap front end things as well.
So good questions.
All right, cool.
Okay, so there's another couple of questions here, but most are support teams answering most of them.
So very, very cool.
All right.
So that's kind of what I want to show you guys.
Again, I want to just kind of give you the concept of how we do the product launches, how it all works together, how it ties into click funnels.
And I hope that helps a lot.
Let me also pull this up again here.
And again, this script that you've got here inside of Inception Secrets, that's the product launch script.
Again, it's not like it has to be word for word this way, but this should give you guys some good framework on the script that I use.
Whenever I'm making my videos, I print this thing out and I think of it through it.
Okay, video number one is my wow and how.
What's my big promise?
What's the content thing I'm doing?
What are the myths I'm going to kill?
And I hook the next video.
And I kind of walk through this as I'm kind of crafting out what I'm going to create for my product launch videos.
And so hopefully that serves as a tool for you guys to help you as you're kind of mapping out your funnels and mapping out your videos and things like that.
And yeah, and on that, I will get this video rendered out and put in the members area by tomorrow.
And I think later on this week, we have a traffic one we're going to be doing with you guys, I believe.
So we know the training happening later on this week and it's going to be a lot of fun as well.
So anyway, I appreciate you guys and hope you got a ton of us training.
And we've got hundreds of you guys on the line right now, which is exciting.
So I appreciate you guys being on here and being engaged and going through the training.
And I hope, obviously, I've been seeing a lot of funnels come out and it's been a ton of fun.
One kind of sneak peek.
We are going to be doing a click funnels, like funnel hack type live webinar or not live webinar, like a live seminar, a three day seminar coming up pretty soon.
And we're actually going to be asking you guys, those of you guys who have been creating funnels and each of these different niches.
Some of you guys, we want you guys, if you're willing and interested to actually present your funnels, if you're doing like a free plus shipping funnel, we're going to have you like presented if you're doing a webinar funnel and we're trying to get a bunch of people from each type of funnel to show what they're doing that's working.
So if you've got good case studies of stuff that's crushing it for you, let us know.
We may put you up on stage and let you kind of show off to all the other ClickFunnels members, which would be kind of fun.
The one other announcements kind of exciting this week, we've got, I think two or three huge features coming out that you guys just to be aware of that you'll see here coming out soon.
One is the two step order forms.
So for example, if we've got people asking me almost daily for fusing.comsecretslabs.com, this is like our free plus shipping book.
But you see here, we do like step one, we get the credit card and step two, we ask for step one, we get a shipping address, step two, we get for the credit card.
This feature is almost done.
It should be live this week.
And so you guys can all do these little two step order forms.
It'll be a new element inside of the element picker on order forms.
So that's when I'm like, so excited for it because this page is not in ClickFunnels yet and it's killing me.
And so I'll be able to pull this out of just static pages and put it in ClickFunnels as soon as the two step thing is done.
So it's almost done.
That feature is cool.
Our ClickPop feature, which most of you guys voted on the name.
So we named it ClickPop and it's amazing.
And those should be going live either today or tomorrow as well.
Which basically is you can go and put like a ClickFunnels button on any page and it'll pop up.
And there's some amazing designs like with the ClickPop thing.
It's going to blow your guys mind.
So that feature is coming out this week as well.
We're getting really, really close.
In fact, I'm going to get in trouble if I'm showing you guys this.
But inside of my ClickFunnels account, which I get to test everything first, make sure it doesn't break.
And then you guys get to have it next.
But check this out.
This is coming, you guys.
And don't ask.
I got in trouble because I talked about this last training people kept asking.
So it's not coming.
And this one's probably about a month away or so.
But check this out.
This little button says my affiliates.
The internal affiliate program is coming.
That means you guys can start running your own affiliate programs through ClickFunnels here in the near future.
So anyway, I will let you guys know more about this.
We'll probably be training on that when it's done.
But this tab will be appearing soon in your guys' accounts.
And you can launch your own affiliate programs, which is going to be exciting, right?
Who here wants to use ClickFunnels to have your affiliate program as well?
All right.
All right.
Very, very cool.
Yeah, something is a product launch script in the members area.
It's inside the FunLax members area.
And then you log into the Inception secrets part of it.
And then it's in there.
All right, cool.
So yeah, fun stuff's coming, you guys.
And we've got a whole team of people and all we're doing is thinking about new cool features and ways to make ClickFunnels better and better and better.
That's going to keep getting better for you guys every single day.
So we appreciate you guys being engaged, being on the trainings, giving us your feedback, testing out ClickFunnels.
Some of the stuff you guys have been building is insane.
And you know, some of these things were possible.
Like literally, we showed Dylan, who designed the editor, some of your guys' pages.
And he was like, I didn't know that was physically even possible to do with what we created.
And so it's been really fun watching the magic that you guys have been doing.
So anyway, we appreciate you guys doing that.
And we'll just keep making this better and better.
Add the features and the tools and all the things you guys want.
Just keep letting our support know.
They've been categorizing and archiving them and putting them in the right order.
And we're getting things knocked out as quick as we can.
So appreciate you guys.
Thanks so much for being here.
And again, look for our message for our next training, which is coming up here.
I think later on this week.
So it should be awesome.
And that is about it.
So thanks you guys.
Ken just said that I'm a true boss.
So thank you, Ken.
I appreciate that.
And I will talk to you guys later on this week.
Thanks, everyone.