Hey everyone, I want to welcome you to our little workshop today. I'm glad to have you guys here. And kind of the game plan and the reason why we're doing this. Obviously, if you're here, then it means you've either read the dot com secrets book, which I hope you guys all have, or if not, you watch the three hour webinar ahead of time that goes over very similar content to this. This goes into a little more detail and there's even more cool stuff in here. But the webinar also kind of gives you a really broad overview of everything. One thing that I've been doing this business now for over a decade and it's kind of interesting, like the one thing that I get all the time when I share these things with people is, like, this is really cool, but how does this actually work or fit in my business? And so that's what this workshop's about. The goal of it is not to reteach the book or reteach what you guys learned on the webinar, but it's to take the concepts and the core information and help you to see exactly how this fits for your business and your business and your business. That way, you can take the stuff and execute on it. One of my early mentors, his name is Dan Kennedy. First, I went to his event. He had this big, huge poster on the wall that was as big as this room. And it said, this doesn't work in my business. And I was like, I was so confused when I first saw the poster. And then his first presentation the day, he got up and talked about how every time he teaches this marketing stuff that people always say, well, that's cool, but it doesn't work for my business. And the reality is it does. It works for any kind of business. You just have to kind of think about it and figure out how to tweak it and make it work for your situation. And so that's kind of the goal of this workshop is to do that. And I was kind of take your guys' businesses, these concepts, and kind of blend them together and show you guys how they're going to work. And so what we have here, and you guys should all have this, this is called the dot com secrets blueprint. And this is kind of what we're going through today. And at the end of this, this should be all completely filled out. And this is going to be your blueprint. It's going to be taking everything that's inside the book. And inside the book, I had to cover a lot of things. I needed you guys to see a broad overview of everything, right? But then for each of your companies, you're not going to be doing everything. You're not going to be using all different, seven different sales funnels. All this and that, like, it's just not going to happen. Maybe in the future, you'll get to that point. But for today, we've got to figure out, like, what's the one sales funnel you're going to use? What's the first one we need to be focusing on? What's the process? What's it going to look like? And so that's what kind of game plan is going to be. So it's going to be fun. We're going through this and filling it out as we go through each session. And at the end of it, you should have a blueprint or a roadmap that's going to take you exactly where you need to go, which would be kind of cool. So for those of you guys who don't know who I am, I don't want to spend a lot of time on this. But I got started in this business, has been over 12 years now that I got started. And when I got started, I wasn't trying to be a business guru or anything. I wasn't like my goal wasn't to that. My goal was honestly, I wanted to make some money. I was wrestling at Boise State University. My wife and I had just gotten married. She was making a whopping 9.50 an hour. I was making $0 an hour as a wrestler. And we couldn't even afford our $400 a month apartment payment. And so I was like, I either have to quit wrestling and go figure out, you know, and go get a job or I got to figure out some of the way to make money. And I wasn't going to quit wrestling. That was like my main goal in life. So I wasn't with that side of figure out something else. I jumped online and started trying to sell stuff. I was I literally I was going to like desert industry and savers and buying garbage and then taking home and taking pictures of it selling on eBay. I was I tried. I can't even tell you how many things I tried to make money. Like literally everything and some things kind of worked and some things didn't work at all. And eventually I started learning more about like information marketing about creating products and things like that. And in fact, one of my very first products ever created. Some of you guys may have seen this before. It's called How to Make a Potato Gun. And this is like my first the first product I ever created from my mind. And we created it, put it out there. And the story is kind of funny. I was it was spring break and spring break happens right at the very end of wrestling season. So all the wrestlers, all my buddies, they basically spring break happened and they they headed off to to Vegas to go gamble and have a big party. And I had just gotten married and my wife wasn't going to let me go party while she was working and supporting me. And one of my buddies, same thing, he was also married. His wife wouldn't let him go. And so me and him are sitting at home for a week, bored out of our minds where our wives were working and and as you know, any good college kids do right. What should we do? Like, hey, we should make a potato gun. And that started this whole crazy thing. And we spent we spent the next week going to Home Depot and buying pipes and gluing them together and going online trying to figure out plans. And we spent we literally spent a whole week building all these potato guns and having a ton of fun with it. And I remember the next Monday I went back to school and I was at the time I was learning about marketing online and how it worked. And and I was learning about like back then there was a website called Overture where you could type in a keyword and it showed you how many searches each month were happening. And I was like, I wonder if anyone else besides me this weekend was looking for potato gun stuff. I typed it in. There was like 18,000 people a month searching for potato gun stuff. And there were no products out there. And I was like, light bulb, I'm going to go create a product. And so we went, I called my buddy back up and I'm like, hey, I'll pay you a hundred bucks if you'll let me film us making this potato gun. He was like, I'll do it for free, man. I'm like, no, I'll pay you a hundred dollars. And so we went and we got this little like handy cam and went and actually went and went home depot and bought the product and glued it all together and ended up creating this this DVD and this became one of my first products I ever sold. So it's kind of a fun story. And again, I wasn't trying to to be good at marketing. I just I was trying to make some money. And so this became the first product and I started creating more products and different information products and software products. Just making these little things and putting them out there. And and back then 10 years ago when I was doing this, it was interesting because the landscape was way different than it is today. Right. Today you've got Facebook and you've got YouTube and all these cool ways to drive traffic nowadays is way easier to drive traffic. But back then there was no competitions. That was one nice thing is that the one or two ways we had to drive traffic like Google, you know, I was the only person selling potato gun plans. Like there was not many people doing things. And so it was really, really easy. So most of our our sales processes were completely basic. Like we had like for our potato gun DVD, there was a there was a sales letter that just said, hey, I want to learn how to shoot potato guns. Here's a DVD. It's 37 bucks. That was basically it with an order button and people would buy it. And it worked. And we drive traffic. I spend, you know, a dollar on advertising and I make two or three dollars back. And it was just it was easy. That's all we did. It was so cool. But then as the internet started evolving, people like me kept talking about how cool this was, how much money we were making and everyone else was like, well, I can do that. And, you know, 10 years later, there's millions of people all now competing in every market that you're in. And so what, you know, these old websites that we had where we would just have a website and we drive, you know, spend a dollar on advertising and make two or three dollars back because all of a sudden now there were 10 or 20 or 100 people selling the same thing. We'd go and we spend a dollar on advertising and we'd lose three dollars. And all of a sudden, like it became very unprofitable. And so for a lot of you guys, especially if you're coming on the scene right now and you're stepping into the online marketing world, that's the landscape you just stepped into. You don't have it easy like I had it where I just had to throw up a sales page and I would make it work. And so for us, it's been 10 years of trying to figure out like, well, how do I now, how do I become profitable again? Like, I can't keep spending a dollar and losing three very long before I'm broke. And so we started just testing and trying things and all sorts of things. And I remember one day, one of my friends called me up and he was like, hey, Russell, we just added this thing to our sales, we had our sales letter. Now somebody bought in the next page, we put this page, it's like, hey, do you want to buy some more stuff? And he said, I call this a special one-time offer. And he said that, I started doing this and he said like 20 to 30% of people who bought my first thing started buying the upsell. And I was like, are you kidding me? Like, that's a big deal. And so I went back and this is at the very beginning of it. It was funny because we'd have like, back then you'd come to the sales page, you've got your credit card information, you go to the next page and it's like, hey, you want a special upsell? Put in your credit card information again, it's like, it was like a horrible, clunky process. They'd re-put in the credit card information. But even with that, all of a sudden we were getting 20 to 30% of people to buy these upsells. So I made an upsell for my potato gun product and some of my software products and all the things I had to add these upsells. And as you'll kind of see when we kind of go through this a little deeper, usually the upsell is more expensive than the front end product. And so because the upsell was, my upsells are typically about three times as expensive as my first thing. And because the third of the people were buying it, like it doubled my income, boom, overnight. And so these ad campaigns where I'd spend a dollar and I'd break even or I'd lose some money, but I had this little upsell all of a sudden became profitable. And I was like, this is it, we're back in business again, we can do this again. So we started doing that. But then again, other people started learning about it and more upsets. You know, other people started doing it. All of a sudden we stopped, you know, the bounce went back the other way. We're spending money and we're losing money. And so we had to figure out new ways like, well, we have an upsell. What if we added a downsell? What if we added an exit pop or what if we built an email sequence where we resold these people and we kept like tweaking this process and adding more things and testing things. And it's been 10 years of that for me. Like I've become obsessed with, you can ask my wife, it drives her crazy. We go anywhere and it's all I can talk about, I can think about. Like in my, we'll be in our rooms laying in bed and I got a white, like, pad of paper on that and I'm like, what if we did this? And it's just, it's ridiculous at this point. But it's like so much fun for me. And so that's what's kind of cool is this book, the reason why I'm so proud of it is it's 10 years of my testing and tweaking and trying and me gambling my own money. There's so many marketing experts out there that drive me crazy because they spout off theory and they've heard this and they talk about this. This book, everything in this book I earned with my own money, like gambling my own money every single day and lost literally millions and millions of dollars by bad bets, bad gambles. And I've learned a lot and we made millions of dollars the other way. And so this is why I love this book so much is because it's like my heart and soul, it's everything that we've learned put in a format that gives you guys a blueprint that you can follow and kind of skip 10 years worth of trial and there and just be able to start where we're at now and kind of run with it. So that's kind of what this book is about. That's what all these funnels and all the stuff we're talking about, kind of where it comes from. But I want to kind of lay that groundwork. She has understand what we're doing and kind of where we're at. So again, today the presentation, this workshop, I called it the dot com secret blueprint because I feel like that's what it is. You guys have the books kind of like the playbook. Here's the playbook. Here's all the stuff we can do. Now it's your job to kind of build a blueprint for your specific business. How would all these concepts, all these things, how does it fit for you? So that's what we're gonna kind of go through. And so there's gonna be a lot of things we talk about that are similar to the book or to the webinar, but I'm not covering everything. I'm covering just the, people always ask me, what's the shortest path to cash? If I'm gonna start right now, what are the steps to get me making money the quickest? And so that's kind of the goal of this is to build out a blueprint for you guys of the shortest path possible to go from where I'm at to where I want to be. And then in the future, you guys can add some of these other things and all the other stuff, but I really want to identify that for you guys so that when you leave here, you're not more confused. I'm not trying to figure out what kind of funnel do I build and whatever. I want you guys to know exactly what it is. I want you to have perfect certainty so you can go home and execute on the stuff. So that's kind of the game plan. All right, so the first thing that we talked about in the book and also in the webinar if you had a chance to watch it, is what I call the secret formula. And if you look at my entire business or this entire book, this kind of sums up what the entire thing is about. And it's funny because when you look at it, it's pretty simple. I try to make it as simple as possible. That's really the goal of business. And it took me a long time to kind of figure that out. And so the secret formula, the first step in this is we've got to figure out who. Who is the person that you guys want to serve? Who is the person that you feel like you can change their life the most? When I started my business, I never asked that question. I wish I would have. I ran for four, five, six years in a direction trying to sell stuff. And never thought about that concept even once. And because of that, I started attracting customers that I didn't like. They were hard to work with. And it was a very painful process. Some days I'd wake up and I was just sick to my stomach. And I'm sure some of you guys can relate to that. Some of you guys have customers or clients who you wake up and you're like, why in the world do I have to go and help this person today? They're not going to listen to me. They're going to be a nightmare to work with. And I thought that we had, I really thought like, if you want to make money, you just got to deal with it. You got to get thick skin and you got to kind of just give into that and work with anybody. And it wasn't until about two years ago for us that I remember waking up and I was so frustrated because I knew I didn't want to go to work. I had coaching calls and things I needed to do. And I just, I wasn't, I lost the fire completely. And which is a scary point for me. I'm like, if I ever lose this, and I, you know, that's never a good thing. Like you got to be passionate about what you're doing. And I lost that fire. I remember laying there in bed thinking like, I've got to change something. And about that time, it was actually over Christmas time, Tony Robbins and his wife Sage put out this video and I still remember vividly. He was sitting in Fiji and he got there and he said, you know, it's a new year. He's like, obviously we can change anytime we want, but the new year gives us this opportunity where we can stand up and like make change. He said, so right now I want you guys to look at yourselves. He says, if you're not happy in your relationship, change it. If you're not happy in your business, change it. If you're not happy with whatever it is in your life, with your, with your, with fitness or your weight loss, whatever it is. Like if you're not happy with something in life right now, I'm giving you permission just to change it. I remember thinking like, you know, I can make that change. I can just change it. I'm just going to do that. And so I said, how do I, how do I create my business in a way where the only people I'm dealing with every day are people that are awesome that I want to hang out with, people that I would literally, if they invited me to go to lunch with them, I'd be excited to go and not like, oh man, I got to go to lunch with these guys, right? And so it started out to this is like, who, like I really had identified who that person was. And I don't think most of us think about it. Like who is your dream customer? Who's the person that, that you would hang out with them because you like them, even if you didn't get paid for it. Okay. And if you don't know who that person is, it's hard then to, to be able to get them, right? So we need to know who that person is. I'm going to walk you through a process I went through to really identify who that person was here in a second, but that's the first step. Who is that person? Now, after we know who that person is, then we have the chance to go and find out where those people are at. Okay. And again, if you don't know the who, you can never find the where. And so that's why it's so important to know the who. So now I know the who. Now I got to find out where are those people at. And the cool thing about the internet, the reason I love the internet is because it's given a chance for people like me and you who don't have, you know, Walmart or Amazon budgets to be successful because the internet is cool because as you see here in this picture, there's a whole bunch of fish in one spot, right? The internet has this really unique ability to like categorize people together, right? You think, I was thinking about, back about when I was a, when I was a wrestler at Boise State and one of the things that all of us had mandatory study hall every night after practice and because most of us wrestlers weren't very smart and they didn't want us to fill out. And so all of us, the entire, we go to wrestling practice, eat dinner and then all of us had to go to the mandatory two hours of study hall every night. And one day I remember sitting there in study hall and I was on the computer and I had one tab with like my homework and the other tab was on themat.com, which is the biggest wrestling website in the world. And I was in the forums talking and chatting and also having some fun like commenting on people's things and all these things. And I also looked up and I remember looking around seeing all the other wrestlers in like, because I was sitting in the back and looking at everyone else's computer and I would say probably 90% of the other wrestlers were all on themat.com at the exact same time. And I was like, how interesting like all of us are on the exact, we're all congregated on the same spot. And I said, I was thinking like, I bet if you went to every college in America and you looked at the wrestlers in study hall, I bet they're all on the exact same website as well. And if you go to themat.com, you see there's like 50, 60, 70,000 wrestlers who all congregate there every single day. So if I knew that my who was wrestlers, where are these guys congregating at? Where are they hanging out at? Okay, it's not that hard to find it. They're all in one spot. And that happens in every business, every market you guys can think about. I don't care what business you're in. Right now, your dream clients are congregating together somewhere. You may not know where it is yet, but you got to find it. Because when you can find it, then there they are. You know, like it's an isolated spot. Now you just got to go and grab those people out and figure out ways to get them out. So that's kind of the next step. And the third thing there is after you've figured out where these people are at, how do I get those people in, right? This is like, it's bait. Like what's the bait I'm going to create to get my dream client to come to me? Okay? And so two years ago, when we were doing this, I was thinking like, what do I have that's going to get my dream client to come to me? Okay? And we had, we created a bunch of different products and services. And I'll show you, I'll show you my DotCom Secrets Lab book here in a little bit. But we created this book that basically was called DotCom Secrets Labs, 108 Proven Split Test Winners. And it was just a whole bunch of, it's beautiful books. Like 140 pages, all of our different split tests that we've been running over the last like four or five years. We put this book together. Initially I was going to sell for a whole bunch of money, but I decided, you know what, I'm going to use this as bait. I was thinking about it like, if you look at the title of the book, like 108 Proven Split Test Winners, my old client, the ones who, their goal was to get rich on the internet, if they saw that, they'd be like, I don't know what that means. What is, what's a split test? Why would I even care? And literally my offer, my bait, would repel the people I don't want to do, right? I'm not a fisherman, but I'm guessing that if you're going fishing and you know you want trout versus salmon, there's probably different bait you use that the trout are going to buy and salmon aren't going to. I'm guessing, I don't know. But that's how we're tearing it. So I knew that that book, like the people I don't want to work with are going to be repelled by it. They're just going to bounce off and not even notice it. But my dream clients, people who have a business, who are already making money, who are doing the kind of things I want, the kind of people that I want to sell, $25,000, $100,000 coaching package to and more, when they see that book, it's going to be like the most amazing thing in the world. They're going to be so excited. And so I said, you know what, this is the bait that will attract the who that I want. And so we put that out there and this became bait. And over the last year, we've given away over 10,000 copies of that book, which has brought in insane amounts of amazing business owners, people like you guys, into my world. And so then after I got the bait that pearls people out, then the last thing to figure out, one of those mistakes I think most of us make in business is that we're so focused on what's the product I sell. And I don't care what business you're in, if you're in e-commerce, or if you're in coaching, or if you're in whatever you're in, the products not, they're different products. The products not in a business. If you guys watch Shark Tank, Mark Cuban always says that. He's like, you've got a great product, you don't have a business. For me, what a business is, is not what can I sell my end client. The end business, the end thing is like, what's the result I can get for them? How can I serve these people at the highest level? And if your thought process is how can I serve these people at the highest level? How can I change their lives? How can I blow their minds? And if the goal is the end result, that's when the magic starts happening. That's when all the other stuff we're talking about with sales, you build things that get people to want to send up to you to get the end result you want to give for them. And so that's the secret formula. And when you go through the dot com secrets book, you'll notice I'm talking about a lot of things. Who is the person you're going after? Where are these people congregating? What's the bait that we're going to create to get those people in? And after you've got them in, what are the funnels we're going to use to send these people up? And that's kind of the game plan. It's kind of cool. Last week, our sales guys signed up. Our top level program right now is a million dollar program. So it pays us $100,000 down and 10% of their income until I've been paid a million dollars. So for me, that's the top of my mountain. If I can bring people there, that's ideal. Because first off, I can serve these guys at a different level. Literally, they're coming to me. I'm building out everything. I'm writing a copy. I'm building everything for them. It's a really, really cool process. And I can give them a result better than anything else I could do in the world. And in exchange for that, they're paying me a lot of money. I'll make a million dollars from this one deal because my goal is results. What's the result I can get for this person? And so like I said, when you go through this process, and we'll talk a lot about this today, the goal is to send people up. You're going to have funnels that start down here to give people little results, which will make them want to get bigger results, and they'll get them to kind of send up. And so that's kind of the secret for me. That's the whole concept here with the book, with this training, is understanding business this way as opposed to I have people coming to me all the time, hey, I'm in a network marketing program. I want to sell this. Okay, that's like a sliver of it, but you're missing everything else. You're missing who you're trying to serve, where are these people at? How can you get those people? What's the bait you can use to attract them? And then where else do you want to take them? There's so much more you can do than just that one thing. So that's kind of the secret formula. Now, I want to spend one minute on the who real quick, because I think this is important enough that I want to emphasize again. I talked about in the book, I talked about in the webinar. But for me, when I was kind of redesigning our business and thinking about who my dream client was, I tried to make it very tangible. I think about who is this person, what do they look like? And so I remember I sat down one day, and I wanted a female version of my dream client, I wanted to kind of see what the both of them look like. And so I sat down, and I remember I typed in a name. I was like, my dream client, her name's gonna be something like Julie. So I wrote down Julie, and I said, now what qualities does she have? Okay, well, I want to work with people that are successful and driven. Like if they're not already successful, don't want to work with them. Because people that are successful in one aspect of life, usually they can become successful in a lot of other aspects of life. They don't have to be successful in business, but they have to be successful in something. That's the first thing. Second thing is I like working with people that feel like their business isn't just like, I have a business, but they're passionate about it. They feel like they've got a message that can change the world. Okay, so I wanted to work with people that, that's what they feel. It's not just like I'm trying to make a quick buck, but what's more important to them is getting their message out and serving people. Okay, that's the kind of person I want. I wanted someone who values her personal growth over money, and I want someone who already has a business that's happening. Okay, I want someone who's already gone through all the beginner stuff, and even if they're making a lot of money, but has something kind of up and running. And so that was kind of my criteria. So I remember I went, I went to Google Images, and I typed in Julie, I typed in Successful, I typed in a couple of these keywords there, and I click submit, and all of a sudden all these images came up, all these random people. There's some weird looking people, there's like some Walmart type people, and then all of a sudden this picture popped up, and I was like, boom, that's her. That's the person I want to work with. And so I grabbed that picture out, and that became my customer avatar, was Julie. Okay, and I've got this picture in my office, and I look at it when I'm trying to figure out, like, when I'm creating products or creating servers or things like that, I'm like, would Julie want this? Like, would this be something that would change her life? If I'm like, no, Julie wouldn't know that. Like, maybe Julie's sister might want it, but she's not going to want it, I'm not going to do it. One of my friends, Perry Belcher, he, I'm probably going to slaughter this story, but it was really cool when he told it to me. He used to work at a company. He actually invented, he's never used that palm rail liquid hand stuff, so he invented that. He was trying to make these candles, the whole thing screwed up. They kept burning up and catching on fire, and they were going to throw this huge batch of stuff away, basically. And some guys were like, well, the cool thing about it is you can rinse your hands, and the alcohol kills germs. And he was like, let's package this thing up. So he packaged it, sold a whole bunch of them, ended up selling the company to some guys, and then it ended up selling it to a, it was kind of a cool story. But he told me that when he was doing that product and some of his other products, that he would go into companies like Bed Bath and Beyond and things like that, and he would take these products and try to pitch it to them. And he was telling me this story, he said that, I think it was Bed Bath and Beyond. He was there, and he was talking to the executives and trying to pitch, like, here's the product, here's why it's awesome. And the people kept saying, I don't know if, I can't remember the name, I don't know, let's say Julie, I don't know if Julie would like that. He's like, okay, and it shows something else. I don't think Julie would like that. And finally, he's like, you know what, if Julie's the decision maker, can we bring her in here? Because I'd like to talk to Julie directly. And they're like, oh no, Julie's not a real person. Julie's our dream client. We base all of our decisions off with Julie, want this or not. And he was like, oh, and had that like, aha moment. I was like, how cool is that the big huge corporations that are making billions and billions of dollars, they do the same process as well. And most of us aren't. Okay, so there was Julie, I was our first one. Next one, I wanted the same thing for a man. And it's funny, if you look at my coaching program right now, it's kind of funny, like with Julie, we signed up a lady the other day named Julie, and then she went through the training, and she messaged me, she said, Rosal, she's like, my name's Julie. She's like, I'm successful here. She's like, anyway, she's like, you nailed it to a T. She's like, I am Julie. I was like, in literally shooting, it was Julie. It was like so funny. Same thing with Mike, we just got a guy named Mike in our inner circle who looks almost identical to Mike. It's crazy. Anyway, so same thing like when I was developing Mike, I said, I wanted a former athlete, because I love working with athletes. I want someone who's already had a chance to change and affect someone's life in a little way. They've helped a friend or a client or someone, and they're so passionate about the effect and the result they got for something, they want to blow it up and take over the world. I wanted, again, same thing, someone who values growth over money and already has a business kind of running. So we developed that, went to Google Images, and boom, Mike popped up. I said, that's my guy, and I grabbed the picture. And now I know who my who is. I know exactly who those people are. Now that I know who they are, it was very tangible, and now I can figure out where to find them and everything else we're trying to, where to find them, what kind of bait is going to get them, and what kind of results I can get for them. So I want to make sure you guys think about that a little bit and you're kind of focusing on it. Okay, so that's the first thing. Now, if you guys go to your blueprint here, the first step here I have is result. And I want to talk about this for a little bit because I don't think, in fact, this is the first situation I've ever talked about this ever. It wasn't in the book, it wasn't in anything else because I never thought about it this way before, and over the last two or three months, there's been this trend of people who come into our coaching programs and things like that, where they come in and they have an idea, they've got something they want to do, but they've never actually gotten a result for someone before, and they want to start selling this concept. They read a book, or they went to a seminar, and also they want to start teaching, they're fired up and they're passionate, they want to change the world, but they haven't ever gotten a result for someone before. And it's been interesting, I think over the last month, I would say probably five or six people, when they come in our program, I tell them this is the first step you got to do, and I wanted to kind of bring this back to you guys, because I think it's the key. So what you need to do is if, and I'm curious, how many of you guys in your business you're in right now, do you have tangible results you've gotten for somebody? Okay, about half of you guys, and half of you guys haven't. So I want to tell you a story. This is a guy named Drew Canole, and my wife said he's pretty much the best looking man on earth. I don't know about that, but anyway, so Drew is a really, really cool guy. He owns a company called FitLife TV. They have like 1.5 million Facebook followers, a whole bunch of stuff, and big into juicing, all that kind of stuff. And so I had a chance to get to know him, I went to his website, I thought it was cool. I had a mutual friend, had him connect, introduced me to him, and I was in San Diego one day, and so it was kind of cool. I called him up, I was like, hey, you really know me, but Carl introduced me, I'd love to come meet you. And he was like, all right, that's cool, here's my address, come meet me. So I jumped in an Uber, drove up to his place, and I showed up there, I started talking about, hey man, just seen your stuff online, thought you were really cool. I was in San Diego, wanted to meet you. And it looks at me, and he says, so cool, he said, this is the weirdest thing. He said, three weeks ago, I bought Dotcom Secrets Labs off Facebook. He's like, I was reading, I remember thinking of him, I had, how cool would it be to have Russell come and do all this stuff for our business? He said, and right now you're sitting in my living room, I don't know how you got here. You called me today, now you're sitting in my living room. He's like, this is the weirdest thing in the world. Okay? And I was thinking, and Drew is like my customer, my dream client, right? And I had a couple options, I could have been like, well, Drew, you should give me $100,000 and I'll help, blah, blah, blah. But I was like, you know what, I don't want to do, he's got a bunch of stuff happening, he's really, really successful. And anyway, we kind of just talked about business a little bit, and then my family was in San Diego, so I spent a couple hours with them, jumped from my family, went to Legoland, and didn't see me again for a couple months. And then a few months later, I was just sitting there in bed trying to think, how can I get more of my dream clients, and how can I get more of the kind of people I want to be working with? And I had this high dip pop in my head, I said, you know what? Drew is like my dream client, somebody's got a really successful business, a bunch of stuff happening, they're having some struggles and can't quite get through the next level. And I said, I have an idea. So I called him up, I said, hey Drew, this is the deal. I would love to come out to your office. Typically I charge people $25,000, I'll come in, I'll spend a whole day with you guys, and I'm not going to charge you anything, but if I come, I'd love if I could videotape it, and if it helps you guys, I'd love for you guys to give me a video afterwards. And he was like, yeah, that'd be awesome. So jumped into the plan, paid my own way, flew out to San Diego, got there in a conference room, kind of like this, this whole team was there, and they spent about an hour giving me everything in their business, like the ups and the downs and all sorts of stuff. And they were in a spot, I didn't realize this at the time, they were in a spot where they were making over a million dollars a year, but they were losing money every single month, like they were not profitable. They had been, but because Facebook had made some changes and things like that, they were struggling. And so we looked at everything and I sat down and we built out a kind of a model and a blueprint what to do. It was funny because they didn't have a whiteboard for me, so I had markers and we were drawn all over the windows in the place and had all this stuff, and literally came and just tried to serve him the best way that I could. And as much as I could, and what was cool is that after we came and did this stuff form, a month later they rolled out the new funnels and new stuff and they went and just blew it up. They went from being unprofitable to where they were netting like 20 to 30 grand a day consistently from day one, boom, boom, just amazing turnaround, which was really, really cool. And they let us videotape testimonials of him and his staff and all sorts of stuff and it was awesome. And then I came back and I took those videos, put them online and we started driving Facebook ads to these videos of him talking about Russell came and just blew our minds, changed our world and guess what happened? Also, all these people started seeing, it wasn't me saying, hey, I'm really good at being a business coach, you guys should come hire me. They started seeing Drew talk about, man, Russell changed my life, boom, all these things. And he started sharing his results. We drove traffic to that and overnight thousands of, like his face produces applications for our coaching program like crazy. Like tons of people started coming in because we gave him this result, okay? And so for you guys, what I want you to start thinking about, and we're going to break for a second for you guys to do this, is I want you to think about with whatever your business is or your product, your service, do you have someone that you have changed their life? Have you given them the result? You've taken them through this process at your highest level. And if not, I need you guys to work for free for someone. I need you to find one or two or three people because this is going to fuel and drive everything out to you. The better success stories you have, the more you've changed someone's life, the better, the more people you're going to attract because of that. Okay? So the first step is start thinking like, the people I have right now, who are the ones that I can serve the most? Or if I don't have one, like who's someone I can volunteer my time? Who can I go work for for free? Okay? There's a kid that lives, that goes to church with us. And he was like 16 or 17 years old and he was trying to get a job last summer. And he went and applied like 20 different places and every place is like, sorry, not hiring, not hiring. And finally got so frustrated that he said, you know what? And he went down to the mall, he walked into some, I don't know, I think it was the buckle or something like that and walked in and just said, hey, I want to see if I can work for free for you guys. And they're like, what are you talking about? He's like, I've got nothing to do. You mind if I just fold clothes for you for a while? They're like, all right. So he started folding clothes and everything. He was just folding clothes like crazy and did that one day. Next day he came back, started folding clothes and after two or three days working for free, these guys came and said, hey, do you mind if we give you a job? He's like, yeah, be awesome. And boom, he got a job, like his dream job, right? And I think that's the key, guys, is like, if you guys want to slingshot your success, you've got to have some just amazing successors. You've got to change people's lives. And if that means that initially you've got to go and volunteer your time, it's worth it. I promise you it's worth it. So there's Drew. This is a picture of Liz. And Liz is someone, I did do it for free. She signed up for our $25,000 program, but we same thing, gave her a result. And the other thing is a lot of times you've had results for people and you can say, yeah, I helped someone so lose weight. I had someone so do this, this, this. But the problem is like, you knowing that you have a result does not turn into money for you. So the second step is after you've gotten these results, you have to capture them in a way that's going to inspire people. Okay? So I want to tell you something. Hiring Russell Brunson was, bar none, one of the best decisions I've ever made in my entire life. And I want to tell you that when you work with him, he takes you on this journey that you won't even know that you're going to go on. Like, at the very beginning I had all these hopes and dreams and visions and I honestly thought that, yay, I'm working with the overnight success maker. And like, I thought, whoa, I'm going to make like $500,000 in the first month of working with him. But you know what the eventuality is that sometimes in life it doesn't always work out the exact way that you want it to work out. And that's certainly where it got to for me. So my 2014 was one of the hardest years I've ever had in my entire life. Like there was cancer in the family. People were in hospital. I thought I was going to, at one stage I thought I was going to lose my partner. It just wasn't a pleasant scenario at all. And by losing my partner I mean like hospitalization, like really not like from really bad health issues. And you know there were just times when I promised you I wanted to give up. And sometimes I actually, when I say that I don't just mean give up in business, like I, for me when I hired Russell it really was like do, like sounds really dramatic. But like my life's mission it's so big. Like I really, really, really wanted to connect with someone who could get me to the next level, who could help me really get from that really stranded, grounded place, you know, sitting at my office every single day to a place where I'm, you know, helping like people all around the world. And that's why I chose Russell. But man it was hard. It was really, really, really hard at times to have to deal with those things that come up in your personal life all the time. Like it was not an easy scenario in 2014 but I'm really, really, really grateful that I listened to Russell. I'm really grateful that I hired him as a coach. Like the man has changed my life forever. Like you know once you're, like my mind has been blown completely. And there's no way back. Like I know that anything is possible now. So the reason why I chose it was not to kind of brag about anything. The reason is because I promise you guys that right now most of you guys have stories like that of people's lives you've changed. And can I see them? Like where are they at? You've got to capture. Because that's the goal. Giving someone a result and blowing their minds is one thing. But you've got to have some kind of proof element so you can then show people. Now I was talking to Mike about this yesterday. He's like well that's cool but I can't hire a huge film crew. All these kind of things. Ideally yeah you want to make them as good as possible. But I sat down with him yesterday and I said watch I can do one of these in about 30 seconds. And it won't be quite as good as that but it's going to be really, really close. It's funny because I've seen people who do have testimonial and testimonial videos of their clients. They're typically like persons awkwardly standing here. Sometimes they've got a little microphone. It looks horrible. Usually it's really blown up screen. Like really small in the middle and the person's like so I went to Keith's class and it was really awesome and I learned how to tap people out and I'm definitely coming back again next week. And that's how most people's testimonials are. It doesn't inspire anything right? So I'm going to show you guys really quick in about 30 seconds how to make a video on the low budget to make it super easy and super powerful. So a couple things that are important. I did this with Mike last night. I did it just with my iPhone. So you can use iPhones, you can use iPads. A couple things that are key. First off is I think the most powerful way is you've got to have some kind of interesting background. Like it shouldn't be against a white wall or something boring. I go outside and find something. This one that went outside and had kind of this nice trees and stuff like that. I like having people off centered. For some reason it seems more sincere. It seems really, really cool. Second thing is that the person that's being the testimonial should not be looking at the camera. If I'm filming this and looking at the camera, when there's a testimony where someone's looking at the camera, it seems very insincere. I don't know why but it just does. So if I'm filming, like I filmed Mike yesterday, I had my phone right here and I said, Mike, look right here. I had my eyes right next to the camera. So he's looking away. Do you know what's Liz was looking at the camera? She was looking away like she was being interviewed by someone. So you hold the camera, have them look to the side of the camera, not at the camera. That's the next step. And then second, you've got to be a reporter. You've got to feed them the questions that you want. The first time I learned this, we hired this guy named Jonathan Otto who does a whole bunch of really good videos. And we hired him for a week. He came out here for a week. He was doing stuff. And I found that he wasn't amazing at capturing video, but he was amazing at asking questions. And I looked at the process he did and that's what made these videos magic. And so for you, instead of giving me some microphones, like give me testimonial, okay, so it was really cool and I think I liked it. You've got to be the one like the Oprah Winfrey, right? Where you're bringing this out. And so what I do typically is I start asking questions. I say, okay, before you got started with me, tell me what your life was like before you got started. I was taking someone on a journey. They want them to tell me, okay, you know, Liz, she talked about where she was at, talked about the journey she went through and where she's at right now, okay? Beginning journey and then the results. So you ask them, say, you're getting a look at my eye right here when we talk. Okay, so when you got started with me, what was your life like before we got started? And they'll say, hey, this is what happened. They'll start talking back to you directly, okay? And notice how much more sincere that sounds. They used to say the second question, you know, second or third. Like, now when you're going through that process, what were the struggles you went through? What were the hurdles you had? And they can ask, well, you know, the biggest hurdles I had was I got stuck here, I got stuck here, okay? That's awesome. Now, what was the reason why you got started with me? I got started with you because of this and because of this. And these are the reasons why I thought I would work with you. Okay, now, was it easy when you first got started? What was the process when you first got started? I first got started. It was scary. It was hard. It was difficult. I didn't know what to do, but I decided to take that leap of faith and do it. Okay, cool. So after you did that and you started getting results, like, what's your life like now? Oh, my life's amazing. It changed me from this to this and it's been the greatest thing in the world. Boom, okay? That's a testimony now. That's magic, right? It's me feeding a couple of questions to get their journey. Where did they begin at? What's the process they went through? And what's the result at the end? Okay? Now, afterwards, you got to do some post-production. I don't know how to edit stuff. I've got Brandon who has his videos for me and a couple other people. I've heard, and my little kids do this. I know it's possible. On their iPads, they like, movie maker, I think. And the key is, you don't want to have you asking the question. Okay? And so one thing you coach this person through is that when I asked you, like, what was the beginning of your journey, they can't say Detroit. They have to kind of like, restate your question, right? So say, well, the beginning of the journey for me was whatever. So I get them to restate the question because the next thing is you're going to cut out you asking the questions. You don't want your voice in there. You want them telling the story and last step, add a music track and boom, you've got gold that fast. Okay? So that's the way you guys capture these. So again, getting a testimonial. So if you don't have any yet, you got to work for free. Second off, if you do have them, you got to capture those now because they become magic. And third off, this is kind of the process on how you capture them. Okay? So what are you guys doing now? We're going to give you a few minutes. I want you to sit down here and step in one on your blueprint. I want you to think about who is someone that you have, who you've already gotten a result for, that you know you could go and you could capture an amazing piece like this to give you proof elements of what you're talking about. Okay? So that's the first thing. If you don't have someone yet, then I want you to think about who are people potentially I could go and that I could work with, that I know that I could, if I was to go and work with them for free, you know, maybe a day or a week or something, I could blow their mind and just change their entire life. Who are those people? So I want you to write down kind of three people you can think of right now and we'll give you guys a little ability to do that and we'll take a little break here. Sound good?