Okay, so all the pieces coming together, hopefully, it's all like coming together. I told you, sometimes you open when you start a new concept and you had to build a foundation, it's kind of like confusing at first and then it all starts coming together. So now while creating the funnels, creating the bridges, creating the content is really, really exciting. It doesn't make you any money. The exciting part is when people start seeing that and traffic starts coming and a whole bunch of stuff happens. And so in our company, we've been focusing a lot on like, where do we need to be? Like what's happening? What's the evolution? Where are things shifting towards? I talked a lot yesterday about how, I don't think traditional Facebook ads for direct response marketers will be here in a year from now. Like it's transitioning, right? They don't want us promoting to registration pages and it's happening in other networks. Google happened a long time ago and other networks is changing as well. And what people want us to do, they want us to be promoting content. Like that's the future in ad networks. That's what they want us to do. So as a company, we're trying to do that. And then on the other side, it's like, how do we do that? But still make a crap ton of money, right? That's the key. And so at our funnel hacking event, we were just, you know, how many of you guys were at funnel hacking live event? Cool. So we were there hanging out and someone, I think it was Todd or someone on my team came up to me and was like, hey, there's this guy here and he's doing some really cool stuff for Brendan Bouchard. Like we should, you should talk to him. Like, okay, cool. So when we did the little breakout tables, you guys remember that? You came in a few months before and we met. I snuck in. Yeah, he snuck in and we introduced himself and kind of met and I was like, well, what are you doing? And he kind of tried to explain it to me. And then it was like kind of over my head. And then he's like, well, here's the results. And he shared with me the results that we're getting for Brendan. I'm like, holy crap, like this is, this is really, really cool. And it's different. And it ties directly into the strategy we're kind of talking about now. And so we were putting this event together a week or two ago. I was like, I know this is late notes. Is there any way you can fly to Boise? Cause he's doing it for us right now. I'm like, I'm seeing the results. I've seen the fruit of it now. I'm like, this is cool. Like I want everyone to understand this process for me and for you guys, for everyone. He dropped everything and flew out here to be here today. So I'm grateful for him. And I'm actually gonna be in the back taking notes as well. Cause again, I've seen the results and I'm curious like what he's actually doing now. So I'm going to learn the process as well, which would be exciting. So everyone that's stand up and put our hands together for Jesse Dobeng. Wow. Thank you guys. All right. So Russell has been giving you guys everything you need to automate your sales process. Right? You guys excited? Yeah. All right. Let's go out there and crush it with what you guys are building. And I got to tell you that there's three billion people that are about to come online. Half of the world isn't even online yet. You guys are probably thinking, oh, all these people out here, Russell, Brendan Bershard, Frank Kern, Ryan Dice. These guys are killing it out here. How am I going to catch up? Well, half the world's not even online yet. So if you can get positioned and get traffic and get media and build lists of people that you can connect with, you're going to be in position to crush it in your niche. So a little bit about me. You probably want to know who I am, why I'm here, why am I standing up here talking to you guys right now? Well, I started off, I was a basketball player. Okay, if you probably can't tell, you know, six foot five. I wish I had two more inches and I'd be LeBron James, maybe a white LeBron James or something like that. So, but I blew out my knee when I was playing basketball and my dreams of playing in the NBA were done. So, and I didn't have health insurance because I wasn't making any money. I was $100,000 in debt and I had to move back in with my dad after I graduated. And it was really depressing. I was actually building my business out of a spare bedroom and I was doing network marketing. How many of y'all have done network marketing before or are doing it now? And you probably know it's difficult and it was tough for me because I really didn't have a list. I had 30 people on my cell phone that I was calling and it was like my friends and family and I pretty much alienated my friends and family even to this day. Some of them, some of my family won't even answer when I call even if I was dying, seriously. Yeah, I went from the NBA to, what was it? NFL. NFL, no friend league, there you go. Yeah, I've heard that one before. Thank you. Yeah, it was tough. In the first year and a half, I made $1,600. Killing it, right? $1,600. Yeah, thank you. All right, so that barely got me gas to go to all these hotel meetings. I flew across the country, I saw Donald Trump talk and the things that he told me I used to this day. So I did get value from the whole process. I saw John Maxwell, Robert Kiyosaki and I saw what these guys are doing and I got inspired. So it was good, but I got so discouraged and I was so skeptical that one day I went online and I Googled how much money do the senior vice presidents in ACN actually make? So I just punched that in Google and it was shocking what I found. And I clicked on a Google ad, it was the number one ad and it said the 1% secrets that the senior vice presidents in ACN don't want you to know about. So I clicked on it, it was Jonathan, but I don't know if you guys, does anybody know Jonathan or know who he is? Okay, he was younger than me, he was two years younger than me and he's like, I'm doing this, I'm getting success. I have three downlines, not just one. I have three that are doing seven figures a year and I'm doing it because I have a list of 100,000 people. I'm getting 200 leads a day from Google and I was like, I couldn't sleep for like two weeks. I was just so excited, I was like, man, the internet, like I just really didn't understand how success could happen and how you could automate everything online. So I was just like, okay, so how am I gonna do this? I gotta find my niche and three months into it, my dad comes upstairs, he came home from work and he's like, Jesse, what are you doing? Are you still up here? You're just working, you're not eating, you're not sleeping, you're not even showering and you're not working out anymore. What's going on? Are you making any fucking money yet? And I was like, well, not yet, but I'm working hard. It doesn't matter where you start, it matters where you finish. I learned that from Donald Trump and I was like, okay, I knew I was gonna get success at some point. But my dad said this and I'll never forget this. He's like, you know what? And he like laughed, like a sarcastic laugh and then he's like, you need to get the fuck out there and you need to get a job like everybody else. You need to stop being a third class citizen, you need to be a first or second class citizen and you're a loser. You went to school for seven years and you didn't learn a thing. And I'm a competitive guy, I played basketball, I don't really back down from that kind of stuff. And I knew if I put hard work in, it would come back. So I pretty much got all my stuff, I packed up and I got out of there because I didn't want the negativity anymore. And I went to go sleep on my buddy's couch. So I was like, I'm gonna make this happen, I'm not around negativity. I know the secret, you know, law of attraction. And I'm gonna figure this out. So I'm sleeping on my buddy's couch, two weeks into it, my mom calls me up and she's crying. And I was like, okay, what possibly could get even worse? She's like, Jesse, you need to do something, they're calling me, they're threatening to take away my house, you need to start paying because I was $100,000 in debt. And some of it was a private student loan and it was in collections. So at that moment, my mom doing that, I was like, you know what, I gotta figure this out and I gotta do it now. So I got on the phone and I started doing websites thanks to Ryan Dice and their local marketing mentorship. I started doing websites for $25. And the cool thing was, the third website, the third person I called, the guy was like, you know what, I'm not gonna pay you $25, I'm gonna pay you $1,000, but you better do a killer job for me. So I actually knocked that website out in 24 hours. And he was like, wow, this is pretty good. Can you do five more? Cause I got all these other businesses, I'm a partial owner in this nightclub, in this restaurant, in this. So then I did all those and pretty soon I had 10 grand in my bank account in like a week and a half. So I went from like no success to like, I was dancing in the street with excitement. It was a little bit of success to what's going on now, but it was like life changing for me. And I got to a point when I was doing that, that I was like, okay, there's gotta be a next level. And what the next level was was getting traffic. Okay, they all were like, I got this pretty website, Jesse, but I'm not making any money. Well, you need eyeballs, you need people on there, you need your targeted, your target market to come and buy what it is that you're doing. So you need to do, we were doing local SEO. So we were actually leveraging Google Plus and we were running Google Plus like a social network. And that's how we kind of like got into this whole concept was we were using keywords and we were doing posts and getting plus ones. And we were ranking businesses on seven spots on the first page of Google for like, La Jolla Pizza, San Diego MMA, and they were getting like a hundred calls a week or more. And we were launching like pretty much launching these businesses from like startup to tons of customers. And we were doing call tracking and it was pretty awesome. But then I was going to seminars, I went to digital marketer and that was like, you know, my event and I was so excited about that. Like every time I went, I was like, I was just buzzing, you know, and I don't know, does any of you guys go to digital marketer, the trafficking conversion summit? Yeah. So I was going there and I just saw, there was like five people talking about Facebook marketing and how Facebook was like, what everybody was doing now. So I started buying trainings and started learning from some of the best people in the industry. And is Arthur in here? Okay. I actually went to his seminar and this is kind of where this whole thing started. I went there and I gave him a testimonial because we launched this product that I'm about to share with you. And it was, we spent $500 on Google. And it got nothing. It got zero sales. And then we did Facebook, the first $20, we got three sales and we built this fan page that I'm about to share with you. And I got to say thank you for sharing all that information and you really changed everything for me. So now I want to show you guys. Yeah. Thank you. So this is how it all started. Okay. I started this page and it went from zero to 25,000 targeted fans in our niche, like the perfect targeted people in less than 30 days. And we had the number one fan page on Facebook in our niche. Okay. And this was the page. It was plus size and proud. It was plus size women. We were doing, we were selling plus size lingerie. Don't ask me why we started that, but my business partner was like, hey, we did this research in the Ezra Firestone system, the brown box formula. And we landed on this niche and we started up this website called I love plus size lingerie. And we built the page for 500 bucks to get to 25,000 fans. And the reach was up over a million at that point. And we were mixing in two organic link posts every day out of 10 posts that we were doing. So we were doing 10 posts a day of content that were inspiring these women that were on the website or on the fan page, I mean. And two of them were just straight up links. Okay. And this is what some of the posts look like. And we were just tracking with a bitly link. So we knew how many hits they were getting. And we were selling these products like right when, the one of the reasons why we did this is because we wanted to do Halloween costumes, cause it was October. It was right before Halloween. So we thought that, you know, obviously people were gonna be buying that stuff. So we were also selling t-shirts and we were getting 300 to 400 hits per day. Unique visitors to our website every single day with a total spend of $500. And if you post on this page to this day, you're doing 10 posts a day, you're still gonna get that much. You're still gonna get probably like 200 to 300 because the algorithms have kind of shut down some of the pages. I'm gonna show you how to overcome that in this talk. But boom, 40 plus sales in the first month and a half. This is what it looked like. And it was just awesome. I mean, this was like, I'd never experienced this type of a thing where I'm actually getting sales. To that point, I was just marketing for other people. I was just building websites and helping other people get success. I didn't really launch a business for myself at that point. So we were able to generate $8,500 in sales. And this was just the beginning of something that was about to take our company, us, my business partner, and I forgot to say, my business partner, Mitchell, we partnered up and he helped us scale our company. He's really good at the backend stuff. I'm the guy, I like talking to people like you guys and making sales and making connections with Brendan Burchard and Russell. And he likes organizing the backend. So we have a really good mix of how we're able to do this. So our system was starting to really turn some heads and we were just getting a lot of excitement and then something crazy happened. This guy calls us up and Brendan Burchard and he was like, how did y'all get 75,000 fans on my buddy's fan page in less than 30 days? I've never seen this before and we were doing it like all the time and we were doing it for 2,500 bucks. And they were producing, you know, five million reach of people that you're reaching every single week and it was just unbelievable. So if you guys don't know who Brendan is, he's a New York Times bestselling author. He has several books and one of them, The Motivation Manifesto. We built this whole system that I'm about to show you and that thing sold over 500,000 copies in the last eight months. It's been on the New York Times bestseller list since the first day that it launched. And that's because we were able to create a media source and a whole bunch of different pages. We created a whole bunch of different pages that we were able to share his posts and his message on these pages every day and it's driving traffic to his sales funnels. And his sales funnels are deep. They're like six months of just automated everything and then they go into the next product. He has seven brands that are doing at least seven figures a year. And that's why he decided to invest in all of this traffic and to really start a media company and I'm just fortunate enough and blessed enough to be in this situation that now he's including me to do everything, to build all his sales funnels He's an investor in Kajabi, but we're gonna build out his sales funnels and click funnels and track all of this stuff. Yeah! Because it's just so awesome. Thank you, yeah. So, yeah, it's been amazing and we're really excited what we're about to do and everything that we've gotten set up and it's gonna be crazy. So now he's a top 100 most followed public figure on Facebook and as soon as he hit a million fans which we got him to a million fans in two months. We were spending between five and $10,000 a day in Facebook ads, but Oprah called him up on the phone and said, hey, what are you doing? You're blowing up right now. He actually landed Oprah as a client. We're gonna be running ads for her and building her whole thing this year. And I mean, this is what this is. It was an investment. He invested $2 million in Facebook marketing last year, but it's blowing everything up. It's taking everything to the next level. So he's one of the top motivational speakers and marketing trainers in the world and he was actually on Larry King Live after he hit a million too. So it's been pretty cool. So, and we've also been able to help Brendan on some major campaigns that he's conducted for Ariana Huffington, the Huffington Post, Dean Graziosi who if you don't know who he is, he's a big real estate mogul. And we were part of the Kickstarter launch for Ryan Grepper that did 13 million. We got 1.2 million people onto that Kickstarter launch and when we were doing retargeting, we were tracking all the links. Every time somebody did a link, do you guys know how retargeting or how it works? Or, okay, can I see hands of everybody that knows what retargeting is? How many people are doing retargeting right now? Okay, so that's awesome. So what we were doing was we were tracking every single link because we don't own Kickstarter so we can't put a pixel on Kickstarter. So we have to track all the links. So we were using tracking software. So then those people were going into an audience inside of Facebook and then the last five days, this is the key. The 1.2 million people, only a fraction of them signed up. We sold like 40,000 coolers at that point. But the last day, well, the last five days, we did close to $6 million in sales, just running Facebook ads. That's all we were doing. So the retargeting, all the people that already visited the website with the link and went to his website and that was just crazy. It was awesome when that happened. And then at that point, we launched Fan Page Traffic Academy. I went to Brendan Burchard's seminar and Experts Academy and then we launched our training and we just did 2.0 and we have over 200 people enrolled in our training so far. And we actually just sold it from stage last week or a week and a half ago and 100 people signed up. So it was pretty awesome. And we're doing our first live event in San Diego. So it was pretty cool. So there's three billion people that are about to come online in the next three years. I'm gonna show you guys how to get positioned right now so you can do this. We created a secret Facebook group. And I like talking to people like you guys because you're high level marketing people. I want you to be a part of this group. I was talking to Arthur about it. If I have a fan page with a million people on it and this is what our group looks like. If I have a fan page with a million people on it and you have a fan page with a million people on yours and you're in a similar niche, say you're in yoga and I'm doing health products. I have an organic juice, like this organic powder that I was drinking. So I got this product and then somebody else has like a yoga fan page. We can, I can share some of my posts on your page every single day. We gotta make sure that your strategy is good for your posting strategy. I gotta make sure I want your posts on my page. But if that's the case, think of every single day if I'm sharing my posts on your page and you're sharing yours on mine, your fans are gonna start liking my page, my fans are gonna start liking your page and we're gonna be able to grow together. All right, right now we have some of the highest level people. Brendan Brashard, Darren Hardy's team, Russell's team, Dean Graziosi's team. There's a lot of different people. Drew Canole, there's some big time people with 100,000 million fans, whatever, and we're all sharing traffic together in similar niches. So as we build fans together and we're able to do it, we're gonna be able to support each other. And we're gonna be able to get literally all the fans inside of our group of all the people on Facebook, and then we're gonna be able to support each other and launch brands. And this is why we're really excited because we're buying fan pages, we're acquiring as much media as we possibly can. So when we go and somebody's doing a launch, say he's doing a launch for his yoga mat, and I have a yoga fan page, and somebody else has another yoga product, hey, like when you do your next launch here, you create your product, I'm gonna have this page ready to promote you, just like a list. It's like the Dream 100, it's like we're all supporting each other. But this is, on Facebook, you can do links, you can do videos, you can do pictures, you can do quizzes, you can do little essays. I mean, it's just endless of what you can do. In email, you just do a subject line. If they don't click it, that's that. Here, they can actually see something. And if it's viral enough, which I'm gonna show you guys some tricks how to make it go viral, you will get the success that you want. So this is kinda like our whole system here, and I'll kinda explain it. But we first of all, we're doing fan pages. So that's kinda like the core strategy, they were building fan pages, and that's funneling down, and we're able to share with different pages. And then we're also doing dark posts, so we call them ghost ads. And that's like sponsored ads in Facebook. So the direct response ads, those are like the fastest way to see if you're actually monetizing. And I'm gonna give you guys access to this. You can just go to fanpagetrafficacademy.com and you can just download it. And a lot of the stuff I'm gonna talk about, you can actually get module one for free on our website. So it'll go over everything I'm talking about in more depth, and I'll show you screenshots, and I'll show you how this all walks through. I wanted to keep this, like, you know, me just talking to you guys and getting to know you guys up here. But so then once people start going and funneling through our fan pages and our ads, and we're doing retargeting, and we're getting people back onto our content, we're moving them through our funnel one step at a time. And I'm gonna go into depth with how that works, and it's pretty much three steps to really do damage, you know, for getting success. Okay, and then we have our five step sequence. You can do a webinar funnel, you can do a launch funnel, whatever you're gonna do, but you're funneling people over from your ads, and you're taking them to your blog. A lot of what we're doing is we're taking them to a blog post, because Facebook hates it when you take people away from their platform, because that's their money. The more people they got, the more advertisers are gonna come on. But when we take people away, they want you to give them value, right? If you're taking them out to dinner or something, you're taking your friends, girlfriend out to dinner, which you probably shouldn't be doing that. I'm not, you know, I'm just trying to see if you guys are awake. If you're doing that, you better treat her good. You better take her to a really good cariver, and that's what you need to do with your customers, or Facebook's customers, or Facebook's people. You take them away, you give them good value, you have a blog post, you have a video, you have something that'll engage them, and believe me, Facebook's keeping track of how long people are on the page. If they're just clicking X right away and they're bouncing, they're gonna be upset. You're trying to kiss your friend's girlfriend. I mean, you don't wanna be doing that, right? So, yeah, that's pretty much what we're doing. We're taking them to a blog post, and then we're doing the pop-up in eight seconds, okay? And then taking them through the funnel. So, it's taking them to the content, the blog post, and we're working with Russell to get that set up because they got a killer blog with the ClickFunnels blog. So, just take them there, give them the free value while they're getting and consuming the free value, then take them into the webinar, take them into the funnel. And then you still got them, and then you can retarget those people. So, then you can try to send them straight into your funnel on the next time. So, you don't need to do it on the first time, you just need to get to know your people. When you're building these custom audiences in these retargeting lists, when you're really getting to know these people, you're gonna have a second, third, fourth chance to get them, just like capturing a lead. So, those retargeting lists are huge. So, getting really good at that is awesome. So, anyway, we'll get through it. Fanpage Viralocity was born when we got all this stuff in place. Okay, and what that is, is it's, you have a brand page, and I'm gonna go through all this stuff, and you're sharing your best content, your links, you know, your most viral content of your message and whatever it is you're teaching, you're sharing that on your other fan pages that are actually a lot more viral, okay? Because your brand page, unless you're a public figure, even Brendan, we created a page called the Motivation for Smart People, his book's called The Motivation Manifesto. We created a page called Motivation for Smart People, and that page has sold more books with a million less fans on it than the Brendan Brashard Live, Love, Matter page that has 3.6 million on it, okay? And that's a community, and that was nine cents alike, between five and nine cents alike that we were paying to build that page up, and his page is like 20 to 25 cents alike. So, that's a huge difference, okay? One of them's credibility and it's your brand, but the other one is a community that's gonna go viral because it's not a spammy guy that is probably gonna try to sell me something. This is just a community for motivated people. So, it's a little bit more viral, they wanna share it a little bit more, it's more exciting. So, our strategy consists of building huge viral fan pages for pennies, creating multiple fan pages, sharing your content from one page to the next, organically, and building reach and fan growth, and creating the best content in your niche, that's so important. And Brendan will remind me of that all the time, that hey man, you guys are a freaking killer, but my content, just people just like it, you know? And it's true, Brendan's a likable guy, he's just really good on stage, he's been doing this for a long time, and yeah, his content is pretty awesome, and he's got four books that are really well written, and we just pull that, put it on pages, see which one does the best, and the rest just falls into place. So, with this strategy, we'll show you step by step how to build some of the huge community fan pages that we're building right now, and people that'll buy your stuff. So, these are pages like this one, okay? Prego and Mommy Chat, that's one awesome mommy, these are a couple pages that have a lot of moms on them, and the Love Community, okay? We started the Love Community from scratch, we bought, that's one awesome mommy, and we bought Prego and Mommy Chat, okay? And I'm gonna show you some pretty crazy stats to show you how many people that these pages are reaching, okay? And you can see awesome mommy has 700,000 fans, Prego and Mommy Chat, now it has over a million, and that's all organic. We haven't paid one dime to Facebook, we've paid $7,500 to buy that page, and it now has over a million fans, so the reach on that page has been consistently over 40 million, and at one time it was at 80 million per week, okay? That page is like crazy, I don't, I haven't seen anything like it. And the Love Community, we built that one from scratch, I think we spent $2,000 to build that to that level, and the reach has been up to about 2 million per week. So the three types of pages are brand pages, okay? Those are your brand, okay? We're gonna get into this. Then brand topic pages, those are the communities, and brand topic chat pages, okay? This is kinda changed in the game, but this is, it's not that easy, it's gonna take a while to start this kind of a page, you gotta be patient, but if you can do it, we have 14 admins that run the Prego and Mommy Chat page. So we encourage fan questions, and we get about 500 to 1,000 fan questions every single day, and we take the best ones, and these 14 women, filter these questions, and post at least five fan questions every single day, and then when they're on the page, we're engaging with them, we're liking, and we're commenting on, these 14 women are liking and commenting on the posts and making these people just love it, and they're coming back. So they're commenting, and then we're replying, and then they're replying back, and it's just a constant thing, and it creates trust, it creates credibility, and it creates just crazy viral-ness. I don't know what I'd call it. But you can pretty much do this in any niche, it's not that easy, but if you got 14 marketing people probably in this room, we could probably start an internet marketing page and promote all of our stuff. All the people that are running it will just promote all of our stuff. But we all gotta be on the same page, this would be like a partnership or a collaboration. And this is what you can do, and this page has been insane. I'll give you an example. With the Prego and Mommy chat page, during Christmas time, we had a bread pudding recipe, and we got so many people that were, it got like two to five million shares on the post, on the bread pudding recipe. And it was also getting 10,000 complaints a day because people were trying to shut off the notification that they were getting about this page because it just kept notifying, getting notifications on all these people's pages that were leaving comments or whatever, and they were like blocking the page, and it was still showing up because of Facebook, whatever, that it was getting 10,000 complaints a day. 10,000 complaints a day. I mean, the reach on some of these posts were like a billion people, something, not quite a billion, sorry. But like a couple hundred million. Like it was like one fourth of Facebook was seeing some of these posts, and one of them was this bread pudding recipe that as soon as Facebook took it off of our page, we got like 10,000 messages every day. Hey, I was gonna make that recipe for Christmas, what happened? Like everybody on Facebook, literally, it went to. And they were like flooding us with comments and messages that we ruined their Christmas, seriously. My business, like, yeah, we were like putting hashtag, we broke Facebook or whatever, to each other, like our team, it was like, it was crazy. So if you really engage people and you give something and it catches fire, you never know when it's gonna happen, but with these fan pages, it could happen, and you just, it's crazy. So yeah, we started a couple pages for Russell, and they're already at 100,000 people, and I mean, I think we started like five pages already, and we haven't even spent that much money. Like we're still testing, we're spending like 20 bucks a day, and we're building up these pages, and they're already at like 100,000, the reach is on a couple of them's over 2 million, and we're targeting people in tier one only so far, which tier one is US, Canada, Australia, and the UK, and those are the most expensive people and the reach on some of these pages is over 2 million. So your brand pages could be like your brand, I recommend doing a public figure page if you can, because a brand page like Subway or something, or whatever the name of your company is, just isn't quite as viral. Like a lot of people are like, oh, your fan page traffic academy, I went to your page, you got 500 likes. That's because we tried running that page, and it was like a dollar a like on that page. So we started up internet marketing pages and positivity pages and other pages that we have like 500,000 on. So, but they don't see that, so then they're writing these comments, oh, you guys aren't really whatever. That's because these brand pages aren't as good, but if you're doing like a public figure page, that's 20 to 25 cents a like. If you know what you're doing, that page will be reasonable, you can build yourself as an expert, and then you can start funneling traffic over to your product. But like Brendan Brashard, Experts Academy fan page, there's nobody on that page, but Brendan Brashard's page, 3.6 million. So just to keep that into perspective, I don't want you guys to waste money. So these pages are super viral, they're just awesome. So if you could say like, I love anything, and I got that from Arthur, or just create some kind of community, that if you can create this viral playground for people to just, you know, share their stuff and to like and comment, all of your stuff, it's gonna be game changer for you. So, and then obviously we talked about this one, if you can pull this off and find some people, and really create value and encourage fan questions and answer all those questions, then this could be a game changer for you. Okay, so you can drive people to a website where you can get them to opt into an email list, enter them into your sales funnel, put them into your buying process, obviously what we've been talking about, and that's everything Russell's been teaching you. And then we learned about ghost ads, which are sponsored ads that you can run in the news feed, and there's video ads, there's carousel ads, you can do the 80% clickable images, which are really popular and really awesome, so like if you hover over it anywhere, like 80% of the whole ad, if they click it, they'll go over to your blog or your website, so those are really cool. And this is what it looks like, here's a video ad from Dean that we were running, and they can click over when the video ends or see more, and they can click over and go to his blog, and then start buying his products, and really, you know, we're just trying to get his message out there, you know, so people can see who he is, and you know, we're getting like half a penny of you on this ad, so, and it looks like a post, okay? So these things are, sponsored ads are really awesome because they actually look like content, they just look like one of your friends posts, they just stay sponsored on them. So this is a good way to get your message and your brand out to your target market, and then run regular ads, or build fan pages, and then get people to go over, and go to your sales page or whatever, or your sales funnel, and it'll, it's awesome. So combine both of these two strategies that we've been talking about, if you do them both and you start building them, they're gonna crush it for you. So now, retargeting, okay? The three things that we've been doing for retargeting that have just been killer game changer, and have been awesome. So after they already visit one of your pages, you need to get a pixel on every single one of your funnel pages, okay? Every single one of your website pages, and your pixel in your ad center is the same. So you just copy it, and then paste, paste, paste, all your funnel pages should have the pixel, and then you gotta go back inside a Facebook, and make sure you set all the links, and you can exclude certain pages, so you can actually track buyers, and I can send people to people that haven't bought, so I wanna get them back to my opt-in page, because they haven't bought yet, because I can exclude certain audiences when I'm running my ads, and the first thing you can do, is send them to the same funnel step, but a different page, okay? You probably don't wanna send them to the exact same thing that's kinda, in my opinion, just a little bit rude. I would send them to a different look, and ClickFunnels makes it so it's super easy, right? I can split test, I can do a whole different page, in about, what, 60 seconds? And then boom, let's send a different ad for retargeting to somebody that already visited, but let's send them to a new sales funnel, or new opt-in page, or you can send them to a completely different offer. If you're an internet marketing, and Facebook marketing isn't their thing, maybe, just send them to, if you have a Google product, or some other product for something else, and see if maybe they're interested in that. And then the last thing, and this is like, game changer, send them to the next step in the funnel, even though they didn't take a desired action, okay? What that means is, say somebody didn't register for your webinar, who cares? On the day of the webinar, run those people to the webinar. Maybe they'll sit through it, maybe they'll buy, they don't need to opt-in, let's try to get them to opt-in, and then we'll communicate with them about the webinar then, but if they didn't, just send them straight there, send them to the replay. They'll probably end up going, they already took an action, they already look semi-interested. So the next thing, and this is huge, if you're not doing it, you gotta be doing this, conversion tracking, and we optimize all of our campaigns for conversions. A lot of our campaigns, we optimize them for opt-ins, okay, we wanna see people that are just gonna opt-in because ClickFunnels tracks everything else, so then we'll look and see all the people that we got to opt-in, and then we'll see where they came through, and you wanna separate everything. You wanna make sure that every audience, you're running different ads, and then those ads are going to different sales funnels, so get used to duplicating all of your sales funnels, so every single time you run an ad or a new campaign, you're gonna have a whole new funnel, but even if it looks the same, it's a new link, it's a new funnel, so you're able to know which ads are converting. You wanna know which ads are making you money, and which ones aren't, because if you don't know which of your ads are making you money, and you just think, oh, this opt-in page is making me money, well yeah, you need to know ad, opt-in, audience, sales funnel, offer, everything. You need to figure out all that whole combination, and once you figure that out, then scale it. Then start driving more traffic to that combination. Okay, this way you can track what ads are converting, leads and sales the best, we kinda went over that. Retargeting ads, make sure you're tracking all of your sales, when you're doing retargeting, now you don't need to track opt-ins, they're already hopefully opted in, you're gonna track sales, especially if you're retargeting people that already opted in, now you wanna track sales to know which retargeting ads are converting the best, okay, it's pretty self-explanatory. And then click funnels in infusion soft, or confusion soft, we, Russell's been calling it, we'll track the rest. And Actionetics is about to explode out of here, and hey, that's gonna be crazy. I'm so excited to use that instead of infusion soft and just have everything track. Then all you need to do is track all of your ads in Facebook and then click funnels will do everything else. It's gonna be amazing. So the next thing I wanna talk to you about, and this is like next level, and I've heard Ryan Dice talk about it a little bit, but honestly, this is where it's going. And we're testing this right now, I don't have a bunch of data and screenshots to show you this, but just understand the concept of this, mirror campaigns, okay, you can run ads simultaneously on Facebook when your auto responder emails are going out, okay, just think about that. So today I'm running, I sent out an email, and I got the same ad promoting the exact same email, sending them to the same website and everything. So whether they're on Facebook or they're in their email, they're getting the same message. And I'm gonna show you how to automate this so it can do it without you even having to do anything but write emails, okay, I'm gonna show you that. But just think about getting your message to the right person at the right time, and that's what it's all about. Because everybody's busy, my mom's probably calling me right now, I probably got 50 Facebook messages and 20 texts since I've been up here. Like I don't even, I'll probably miss the next thing if I'm on Facebook or whatever, I don't have time to watch that webinar, like half the webinars I wanna watch, I don't even have time to watch them. So if you're able to target them on Facebook and with email, and you have a sequence, and it changes every day, so it's not, I'm running one ad on Facebook and then I'm getting like, I'm sending out all these emails, it's email and ad, email and ad every single day, and it can do it automated. And that is, I told Russell I'm gonna push him, and that is what I want Actionetics to be able to do, because that is crazy. If that can happen and you're sending out emails and your ads are automatically working with the Facebook API, and you get to load up all your images that correspond with each email you're gonna send out, your image, I mean, man, you could just do so much damage. Like you could build out this crazy product grid of like, you know, Brendon Burchardt's six months of emails that every other day, he's sending something out to sell you something or get you some free content or something cool. Think if you had that all automated inside of Facebook and your auto responder, wouldn't you, I mean, you guys excited about that? I mean, dang, that's like, okay, and you can use something to do that, it works with Infusionsoft, it's called driftrock.com forward slash flow, driftrock flow, it's 300 bucks a month, and it'll automate the whole process. Okay, and it's really cool, but that's gotta be done, in my opinion, with Infusionsoft, and I'm sorry, Actionetics and ClickFunnels. Okay, so Mark Zuckerberg, he's clearing the Facebook news feed of low quality content, so this is a huge opportunity in my opinion, all the bad stuff and all the crappy people that are posting all the spam stuff and Kim Kardashian stuff, that stuff's gone, that's, he doesn't want that anymore. Okay, he wants good stuff that's gonna get people engaged and get people, you know, using Facebook more and just creating a better environment, okay, so how are we gonna do that? So, he's gonna provide a valuable resource to the Facebook community, but you gotta be creative, okay, you gotta think it through, you gotta have a plan to do this, and one thing that we've been able to do to get a lot of reach is high contrast images, okay, and I'm gonna show you a couple of examples in just a second, but that would be like black and white, so a lot of the things that we've been able to do with just a white background and black text and like a black, you know, image, black and white, have been crushing it because they pop out, they stand out, and you know, it's something that is gonna catch people's attention, or you can just use like bright colors, like yellow or orange, something like that, is gonna catch people's attention, okay, you gotta make it stand out a little bit, and then varying up your posts, okay, you don't wanna do the same post every time, you wanna do images, maybe multi-image the next time, maybe a video, maybe an essay, maybe a quiz, maybe a question, maybe a poll, so every day when we're doing 10 to 20 posts, we're doing maybe one or two of each one of these every day, okay, and I'm gonna show you how to automate all the posting, and if you don't have like a social media person, I recommend you guys all have one, and they're all located at the local colleges, you can get interns, there, you can get them to work for you for free, they get college credits, they'll come in, they know more about social media than half of us, because that's all they do all day, is Snapchat, and all the periscope and all these things, like all the new stuff, they're all, that's pretty much all they do, and they'll work for you for free, that's how I started doing this, I got my business partner's cousin, she's 19, she started running the show, she started doing posts for us, and then now we have 10 people in our company, and I don't do any of this posting stuff, I just check in and make sure they're doing a good job, I look at the reach, I look at all of our posts, we keep working on the strategy, like all I do is work on the strategy, they do all the work, so you need to start, what's that? What do you call it in social media? Just anybody that's like, you know, a social media expert person, somebody you can train, somebody you can plug into a training, and that's why we created our training, so we can just plug people in when they sign up, or we train in different social media teams for Darren Hardy, they got five people that are taking our course, yes. There's a lot of content, who is creating content? Yeah, our team is, so we have four different people that are focused on creating content, so they go on Google Trends, we're using something called Social Lead Freak, and just to see what all the popular posts are, we go on the Facebook graph search, and we just search for different pages and the most viral pages, and then we get ideas to do posts, okay, and we're using something called Canva.com, so you know, we're basically creating a hundred different posts in about an hour, and then we're scheduling them with Meet Edgar, MeetEdgar.com, so we schedule all of our posts, we just drop them all in, we put them, organize them, put them into folders, put them into Dropbox, or Google Docs, and then we just drop them all in to Meet Edgar, and we schedule them out, so like, you could work an eight hour day, or have somebody work an eight hour day, and they could schedule about 500 posts. Yeah, MeetEdgar, yeah. Yeah, MeetEdgar.com, and then, you know, we use Canva and Photoshop, depending on what image, you know, we're trying to create what level image, and it's awesome. So then you need to establish a posting schedule, and you can do that all inside of MeetEdgar, you wanna make sure like every hour, every two hours, it's consistent throughout the day, you gotta know when your people are online, you don't wanna schedule like 10 posts at midnight, they're not gonna trigger the algorithm and start flowing through the process, you know, you wanna check and see too, because a lot of times we do this, so we'll see which posts, like killed it, and then we'll stick that into a folder, and we'll recycle that same post. And then next time, we'll make sure that we do the posts at a different time or when those people are online. So if it killed it, we know that one's gonna kill it, we might drop a link in it, and we might post it an hour or two earlier or later, depending on when our people are online, and you can see when they're online just by going to your analytics, going to your Facebook insights on your fan page, or yeah, and then just checking and seeing the best time to do a post, and then that's how we establish posting schedule, and then we'll make a note by each post when we should post that next time, when we should schedule it. So it's, you know, we're doing it at a high level, and we're always trying to improve, okay? Okay, so here's a couple of images, and here's one of our ads that is doing really good, so it's high contrast, we got the black, we got the white lettering, we got a picture of me, so that's the brand, and then we got some cool little design just to make it look cool. And then this one's the same, but we got Brendan, so we're marketing that one to his retargeting list, so it's just killing it. You know, I think that one's like a 50% opt-in, we're running them straight to opt-in, straight to the Jeff Walker fake out, so they're actually clicking that ad, and then they go to an image where it has a play button with a very similar image of me, like obviously it's going to be a video, then they click it, hey, you got an opt-in to get the video, and then the next thing I start doing my little pitch, and it's doing very well, it's killing it for us, but this ad by far is the best, this one right here. Just white with black words, I mean, you could do that for anything. Yeah, that one's getting just crazy, and then this one's in second place, see it's got the purple with the white, so you know, those are just some ideas of what you can do, so if you want to really brand yourself and do it at a high level, you want to use like the white letters with the black things that pop out, and then brand yourself or brand your product, you can put your product in there too, or just use simple words, and then make sure it's all congruent though, if you take people from Facebook into your buying process, make sure the next step, you have the same message, so I have start marketing like a pro, see how I went from being laughed at to now killing it with Brendan Burchard, and I'm gonna show you how to market like a pro, make sure that's somewhere in your headline, somewhere on the next page, if you're gonna say that and then take them there, and then they're like, what is this, it looks completely different. I take screenshots of every ad I see, and I just put them somewhere, and then I think, oh, should I try this ad next time? Like, just take screenshots of everybody's stuff, just like funnel hacking, ad hacking, you know? So yeah, that's really, it's really powerful. So we purchased this page, I told you for $7,500, and look at the reach on this page, and when we bought it, it had 500,000 likes, we haven't spent one dime on it. That's just straight up 20 posts a day, and just scheduling a lot of posts, sharing a lot of posts, and posting fan questions. We bought the page off of somebody. Yeah, they didn't, they didn't, yeah. They created the page from scratch, they hadn't figured out how to monetize it in three years. They thought it was a cool idea, they had a good time doing it. They actually, they had somebody that was paying them like $500 a month to run posts on their page, so they were doing like two posts a day for 500 bucks a month, that was it. And then, you know, we're like, all right, well, how much are you making? They're like, well, this is how much we're making. Okay, we'll give you what you're making in one year for the page, boom. I'll take 7500 bucks, pay Palit to them, you know. If you can meet in person, we have a full training in our training of how to buy pages. It's basically a 45 minute process of learning, and yeah, we bought seven pages in the last year basically, so, and this is our best one, that's why I'm showing you this one. But yeah, and we just post all of Brendan's stuff. Every time we post something, it gets 45,000 reach. Every time, his message, his voice to the world is seen by 45,000 people, and this was nothing. This is like, so that's why we're trying to get as much as we can, because, you know, when Oprah's launching her book, her stuff's gonna, we can just funnel all her stuff on all these pages that we got. Ariana Huffington, same thing, she launches a book. That's how like, Brendan's able to go and get all these people, like Tony Robbins, all these people and work with them, is because he has a media source now. So if you wanna start building something, this isn't just, oh, I'm gonna do this and it needs to monetize tomorrow. This is something that you can build over time and then get people affiliates or, you know, different people and market their stuff and getting paid to promote other people's stuff on your page. So, in 28 days, look at this, 78 million people in the United States, it reached, 78 million. In the UK, 11 million, Canada, 6 million. Australia, almost 5 million people. That's crazy, and look at the age groups. Those are like the perfect age groups. When we go buy a page, we're like, okay, we wanna make sure the age groups, all the people that we wanna target, the reach, we would have paid 80 grand for this page, honestly. It's that valuable. And the most we've offered for a page is 75 grand and somebody said no and I don't know why, but he said he had offered for 100 grand, but I don't believe it. And then, okay, the software tools we went over, canva.com Photoshop for ad creation, Meet Edgar for post scheduling, Social Lead Freak for viral post research, so you can kinda see what people are doing out there that's getting a lot of reach. The Facebook graph search and Google Trends, you can always look on there and see what's most popular today and get some ideas for some pages to start. And then SumoMe, we use that for the blog popup after eight seconds, so you can use that with WordPress, so you can use Tumblr and then they have different templates that you can use for the popup. And then ClickFunnels and Infusions off. Those are all the tools that we use to do all of our marketing, right there. So on Facebook, you'll know and learn everything about your customers and your success relies on your ability to track your people and analyze data and make adjustments. Really, that's it, okay? So in Facebook gives you tons of analytics, ClickFunnels gives you tons of analytics, so now you just gotta go and do the work and spend the time and do it. So Facebook's the number one targeting platform for targeting people on the internet with ads. YouTube is also very, very effective. But we just focus on Facebook, but if you really wanna target actual demographics in people, you're gonna be able to do it with Facebook. And this'll work in any niche. I mean, you just gotta ask yourself, are my people, the people that'll buy my products and services, are they on Facebook? Do they use Facebook? If the answer's yes, then you can target them. We just gotta create a plan, you gotta start. Your ads are gonna suck right off the bat. Trust me, every time we start a new ad, I'm looking at it, I'm like, we're getting $20 leads. Like the first day, I'm like, but then that ad will settle in, it's weird. It'll just settle in and Thursday's horrible. If you ever try to run ads and start them on Thursday, oh man, they're like terrible. So don't track your success on the first day when you're getting $20 leads. You're gonna get that. We do it all the time. And then that same ad will just let it run for a whole week and then the average cost per lead, we'll see that it's two to three bucks. And that's good for the internet marketing space. If you get dollar leads in our niche, in your selling training products for internet marketing, you're killing it. Two to three dollars, you're killing it. Five dollars, you're doing all right. But don't worry if you're getting $20 leads right off the bat. And you gotta know you're a niche because in the health niche, I know some people are getting like 10 cent leads. It really, it just depends on the niche too. And you just gotta meet people, talk to people, see what they're doing and start trying all that stuff for yourself. Okay, so when done correctly, all the people are gonna like, comment and share and click links on your content. When you're taking good care of Facebook's users, they're gonna take care of you. They're gonna send you traffic. If you take care of Mark Zuckerberg, give him good content, take care of his users, he's gonna give you the blessing of good content because he wants you to continue giving them good value. So he's gonna take care of you. It's just, that's the natural cycle of life. Okay, you'll learn everything about how to serve your customers better when you can figure out what they want, okay? And Facebook comments is the key to your success. Okay, and a lot of people, they don't get this and this is where they fail. Doing fan pages, fan pages don't work. Those things are horrible, they suck. Okay, when we started our page, every single time somebody commented, I liked it. The plus size lingerie page, the plus size women page, I liked it every single time. Our whole team was liking it every single time. And we were commenting on every single comment. And then they would probably reply again and then we would always reply. We were the last one, no matter what. If you replied 10 times, I'm just gonna keep going. Boom. And then eventually, a post that should've only had like one comment had like 30 and half of them were mine. But honestly, small pages, when you only have like 10 comments a day, you can easily do that. We're talking millions and we got pages with five million people on them and two million people and one million and all that. I mean, you're getting 10,000 comments a day, how are you gonna keep up with that? Right, it's pretty impossible, but we still comment on as much as we can. But if you have a small page, you should be able to get this thing launched off the ground because, you know, so a smaller page could be even more valuable. I know some people that have pages with 30,000, their reach is five million. That's because they're like really in tune with what's going on. But you guys are busy, you're gonna be shooting videos and doing offers and like this is a lot of work. You need to get a social media person to run this for you because that's a lot of work right there. I'm talking about. So what exactly do you need to get success? Okay, you know, Russell's been talking about Dream 100 all week or the last couple of days that I've been here and you can target your whole Dream 100 right now and check this out. You can, if Tony Robbins, I can run ads to Tony Robbins people, I can put his name in there, I can do whatever. You just, you gotta be great. You gotta be, you know, ethical. I'm not saying go out there and post pictures of Tony and this, you know, the picture of Brendan Brashard, he's signed off on that, that's okay. So you just gotta be, you gotta do your marketing the right way, but you can market to your Dream 100 right now. You can set your targeting and I can target all of Tony Robbins people right now. The only thing is, it'll be more valuable if Tony sends the email, right? Obviously, but get this, if you can do that concept and target and get any kind of success at all, any kind of success and send screenshots and a little presentation and send that to Tony, look, this is what your people think of my stuff. You think you can get them to promote it or you think you have a better shot? I do. It'll happen, trust me. So you can, to set up your ads, make sure you're separating all your audiences so all your campaigns have separate audiences, keep your audiences and your funnels congruent. That means whatever audience you're sending to, make sure that funnel is speaking to that audience and separate it as much as you can. When we're running campaigns, we're probably running 100 to 200 at a time because we're separating all the audiences. Okay, we're separating Tony Robbins, men and women and all the age groups. They all have separate campaigns. So it's Tony Robbins, men 18 to 25, men 26 to 32, and then female 18 to 25. So we got like eight different audiences for every single audience because we're separating gender and age. Okay, and if you can get even more creative than that, go do it, you know? But make sure your funnel is talking to that age group, that gender and that audience, okay? And click funnels makes it easy to do it. So start with your dream 100, like your top three, and then you have like eight audiences times three, you got 24 campaigns running, and your funnels, each one of them, you're speaking to that exact person. You know, it's work, but if you can find those combinations, you're gonna get success, okay? And if you can even do half of what I'm talking about, you know, setting it up so it's that congruent, you're gonna be way ahead of pretty much everybody. Okay, and then clone your funnels to appeal to early adopters and late responders. It's a different message, okay? People that are gonna jump on the bandwagon today or somebody that wants to see that everybody else is doing it, now I'm gonna be on board, okay? And I know Russell talks about that, so that's huge. You know, make sure you're doing that, and your ads and your funnels are all congruent with that, okay? So figure out what audiences and what ad creatives are making the most money, okay? You gotta know which ad creative and what audiences are making you the most money. That's what this all comes down to. You gotta tie everything together and figure that out. Okay, bonus strategy, okay, this is the last thing. And I think Russell maybe talked about it, mentioned something on like the first day I was here, I wasn't hanging out too much, but this is what you can do. And there's a lot of people doing this. So if you can run and get your public figure page to 30,000, which it'll cost you about six grand if you're getting 20 to 25 cents alike, you can get your public figure page to 30,000 with the blue check mark. You can start running live stream, okay? You can start running live stream, and every time you do a live stream on a topic, you're gonna get a notification to everybody that likes your page. So all 30,000 people will get a notification. If they got notifications on their smartphone, then it'll pop up. So yeah, I didn't have one. So you're gonna get people on to your live stream, okay? Live stream, stage, webinar, that's the best way to sell something. It's an event, people feel important, they're excited, they're happy to be there, they took time away from their family, so of course they're paying better attention. Yeah, you can do live streaming. They have it built in just like Periscope, okay? Everybody's trying to do that. YouTube has one, they're all, you know, so this is the takeaway. You got your camera, your phone up, so you can get your employee, your husband, your wife, whatever, and you got three phones up there. You're live on Periscope, you're live on Facebook, and you're live on Meerkat or whatever, you could get 10 phones up there. I don't care who's gonna launch one of these, right? This is the best way to sell, and I could put it live, I have 10 phones, and I could say, hi, we're live on Meerkat, hi, we're live on Facebook, hi, we're live on Periscope, and we're gonna teach this topic, boom, and now you're teaching, now you got all three of your things covered, and all the people that liked your Facebook page will now start joining your Periscope, you know? They'll start joining all of your things, and you can promote, you know, I've seen Russell, he's promoting his Periscope on Facebook. So, you can start really building this thing, and if you wanna sell, live stream, I mean, I believe that's the next level, but yeah, that's it, that's all I got. I don't know if we wanna do questions or... My question is, if you could talk two different things. One is, could you talk to, you know, in recent time, we've seen the Facebook fan page engagement go down as algorithms are changing. I've seen Facebook fan pages I had, they got built with like click farms pretty much, there's low engagement, there's ghost towns, right? Whereas what I see is when I'm in communities, the communities are like all up in my news feed, like way more than the pages. So I'm wondering if, one, if just like your page strategy, and there's so much posts and so much good content, that's what keeps the page on the level of like a community. And I wanna also know, like, if you do any of this strategy to communities, like attracting new members to an open community, and then doing the same exact strategy to community, and if you've seen any differences there. So that's kind of one thing. And then the other thing I wanna know is like, how you feel about building your whole media company, like inside of Facebook's media company, and like, whether or not you, like what you see in the long-term vision of that, and just, you know, curious on your thoughts on that. Yeah, so I'm gonna answer the second part first, and because I'm really, you know, I'm passionate about that. Like, I've been really focused on what Mark Zuckerberg's vision is, the fact that they went public, the fact that they're trying to connect the entire world with Facebook, and they only have a billion so far. And they're really, you know, I'm investing a lot into this, but we're also funneling them over to all the other mediums. We're doing something called circular viral Ossie, I don't know if you've heard of that, but we're getting them over to the YouTube channel and getting subscribers there. And we're using Facebook, really, to drive the traffic everywhere. So we're driving it to iTunes, and we're building a podcast. And this, like, I wanna touch on this because I meant to talk about it. If you do a video, and you launch a video, you can transcribe that video, so you got the, you know, so you could put that on your blog, you could stick that underneath your YouTube. So you do a video, you also put the video on the blog, you upload it to YouTube, and then you put your links and whatnot to go to your funnel. And then you can also take all the audio out of there and build a podcast on iTunes with the same piece of content. Transcription on your blog. Yeah, transcribe it, put it on your blog, take the audio out of it, stick it on your iTunes, now you got a podcast. And now Facebook is driving traffic to all these things. So we're just leveraging Facebook to just branch out and build all these other places. Twitter, you know, Brendan Bershard wouldn't have anybody on Instagram or Twitter, but he's got 50 to 100,000 on each one just because we've been promoting it with Facebook. So you're not relying on the fact that, oh, we're just putting all of our eggs into one basket, we're branching that out. So you basically see Facebook as just the number one opportunity to reach people, because they've got the most people, and you've got this strategy for like really cost effective reach, and then you just shuffle them off everywhere and kind of build your whole media empire kind of thing. Yeah, yeah, it's called, you know, Brendan calls it circular viralosity. So yeah, you can, whatever's next, you know, periscope, that's next, boom. So it's, you know, and then we can build that. If that becomes better in Facebook, the targeting's better, I don't see them catching up. Facebook is launching Instagram with the same targeting platform, you know, we'll jump on there and just try to capture people, but you're trying to get them into your auto responder, and you're trying to get them to everything. So that way you can do the posts, if you got a team, now you can start doing your content on Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, your whole team should be doing all that stuff, and that way wherever they're at during the day, just like the whole concept with mirror campaigns, they're getting your stuff, because they're everywhere, man. They're just gonna keep bouncing around, people are crazy. You know, not to put them on the spot, you know, but Russell was like, the first time I talked to him, he's like, yeah, you can message me on Facebook, and then he's like, you can message me on Skype, and then now it's Voxer, you know, right? So it's like, you know, what's the next, like there's something better, it's about to come out, whatever, but we can get them over there easy, because you know, everybody's got a phone, they got the app, you know, so. What was the first part of your questions? Just speaking back to pages versus communities, and just how the algorithm's treating the two. Yeah, so, I mean, the communities are pages, but it's just, the better, the more likes, comments, and shares that you get, the more reach you're gonna get. Oh, maybe I said it wrong, I mean groups. Yeah, yeah, what we're doing is, and I didn't really mention this, but when we're building these pages, we're building a group to go along with it, because in the group, everybody gets a notification, everybody's way more engaged, the only thing is, driving links and selling them stuff, and all that stuff really isn't gonna happen, but when you're supporting them with the group, now when they see the posts on your page, they're gonna be like, hey, they served me the other day, they answered my question, like I like this page, I like this, you know, and you're just gonna build more people doing that, and it's just gonna grow. So the group will support the effort, it's more work, that's why you need social media people. Like my team's 10 people now, and all we're doing is focused on building this for us, our clients, and just growing our team, and yeah, I would just start and get somebody that understands this stuff better than you, about social media, and the young generation, they freaking know more than I do, they're teaching me stuff, so I don't know, does that answer you? Yeah, just a quick follow-up, so then you name, so if you have the I Love Bass Fishing page, you make the I Love Bass Fishing Community group as well, that you can invite people to the group from the page, and hey, we go talk there, get engaged, but you find in the group, if you're selling people stuff, they're kinda like, ah, get out of here, we're trying to have a discussion, but then that's why you still have the page, is the same name, is that what you're saying? Yeah, we just, yeah, so like the Mommy Chat, we have a Mommy Chat page and a Mommy Chat group, and we built that page off of the Prego and Mommy Chat page, so we've actually built three pages off of that page, it's so good, okay? We just named them something a little bit different, and they all got reach, one of them has reached a 10 million, it's got 60,000 fans on it, the one I showed you has a million, but that one has, the reach has been up over 10 million on that page, so now, if we post there and post there, we could post all the same stuff on all the pages, now we're tricking the algorithm, we're just outsmarting them, we're just getting the more people quicker, and we're kind of just building this whole system, but yeah, the group, you should have a group to support every single page that you do that you're gonna stick with and actually promote it, because that will bring people back and just get them more excited, so. And you syndicate the posts from the community to the group too? Yeah. Cool. Yeah. Awesome, thank you man. Absolutely, you're welcome man. You're welcome. I just want a little better understanding of the type of content or where it comes from, so if I understand this right, you have a small team, they go and check the trends and things, and they're posting all of the content on all of the sites, or all of the pages, is that correct? Yes, yeah, so what they're doing is they're finding the most viral stuff online constantly, so they're doing research, so part of their day is research, and then part of their day, once they have the research, and they have it on a little document or something, like all the posts they wanna create, and we actually put them into Dropbox and Google Docs, so we can see what they are, and then we just make similar stuff, and they're creating it, and they're just doing it really quickly. Well, I was always under the assumption that it would be difficult to do something like that, because if you hire someone, do they really have the sufficient subject matter expertise? You know, how do you overcome that hurdle? Yeah, you just gotta train them man. So, you just gotta bust your ass. It's worked okay for you. Yeah, honestly, it's like, you gotta just question everything. It's like, how I treated it, I treated them like they're me, and I'm just trying to guide them. I know that's like, you wanna create an environment where you're not micromanaging, but I was like, okay, I'm gonna micromanage you so you can do it yourself, but you gotta know my core values, but honestly, our training just... Well, I don't mean so much a methodology, but can you hire an 18-year-old guy to post on the mommy page? What does he know about that? I mean, that's why we have a group of 18 women you know that are moms, you know? Okay. So, but honestly, the person that runs that page in our company is the 19-year-old that I talk about as mom, and she has seven kids. So, you gotta find somebody that knows what they're talking about for sure, because she knows, I don't know anything about kids, or being a mom, you know? Okay, that helps, so that is key. Yeah, thank you. You're welcome, cool man. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, got one more. Can I do one more? Yeah, man. So maybe I'm speaking for all the lazy people out there, like myself, but what's the shortcut? So, we're all really busy, and we're all really focused on serving our clients really well and growing our companies. You said there's a training program, so if you were us and you're real busy, and you say, hey, I know this guy who does this thing that's gonna help my company with things that you have, you said there's a training program, and then you hire somebody, if you had kind of a five-step shortcut process, what would it be? Well, when Russell asked me to speak here, he said this was like a no-pitch situation, but I'm like going through this process, and I'm like, I'm trying to help you guys. Is it a pitch if I'm asking? No, no, you're not. I'm getting into it, I'm gonna answer your question, no problem. So, what we do, and what we've created, we serve as high-level people like Russell, like, is it done for you? That's our top level. And then we also have a training so people can go, and they can learn the training, go through the whole process, and while they're going through the process, they're in our group, and we do live chat. Our whole team is inside of there. So, I'm tagging people, hey, they're gonna answer this question, you're talking about groups, that's Jill. You're talking about ads, that's Mitchell and Addy. So, they're in there, they're asking questions, they're posting questions. The people inside the group, there's some really good people that know how to run ads. We have the best people in there. Like, I have 10X, people that paid 10 grand at 10X Empire, 100 of the 200 people are from that training, because I spoke there from the audience for 10 minutes about this, and 100 people signed up at a 200 on the spot. So, you can take the training, you start learning it a little bit, and then you get the team to go in there and start learning it, and then you and the team are gonna get introed into the group, where we can do live chat, and we can also do talking, and there's video chat with Facebook now. So, we can support you at that level, and then if you need like, hands-on experience, where it's like, we charge a thousand bucks an hour, and we dial you in. So, we basically like, you know, take you and see, okay, what have you done? You have to at least have started something with the training, and then we support you, and hold your hand through the process, and like, five hours should get you fully dialed. You know, you should be able to do what we're doing, because if I train my team how to do it, and they're doing the training, and they've grown a lot in the process, if you just do like, one hour every couple months, you're basically gonna get what I got, because I'm gonna be setting them up the way that I set my team up. So, that's how we support it, and then once we can get you to the level where you can spend five thousand bucks a day in ads, and you can actually like, afford to do that, then we can do done for you. So, we have a team set up to do all that too. So, those are the levels, you know? So, whatever level you're at, that's kinda where you have to start, and that's why we've created our program, and the reason why I created the program is because I wanna build the group. I wanna have all the fan pages in our community that there possibly are. I wanna get to a billion fans inside of there. Right now, we have 50 million plus of all the fan pages, and we're all like sharing traffic together and helping each other with Facebook ads. I wanna be able to launch brands that go into Walmart that have exit strategies, and like, have this whole media source, and all of us can share it together, you know? We just all gotta be like, cool with each other, and like get along, and then we're all gonna grow, you know? What is your dad thinking? Yeah, my dad, that's a good question. He is doing everything possible to retire from his job, because he's 65, and he's still working for a company, and he's making a hundred grand a year. But he saw what I did last year, you know? Which, like, I just blew up, you know? And then he's like, now he's trying to like learn, he's asking me all these questions, he's calling me like every day. What can I do, because I wanna work for you all, do whatever it takes, Jesse, like, you know, I'm so proud of you, like, just like, but a lot of my friends are like that now, you know? It's like, they just see the, they see the growth, and like, now I got like hundreds of friends, like, they just came out of nowhere, and you know, it's flattering, but it's also like, I feel like a jerk, you know? Because I don't wanna say no, I'm like the guy, the pushover, nice guy, you know, growing up, so. I just, yeah, it's tough, but I'm trying to like help him, I don't have a grudge against him, I love him, you know? It's like, I played sports growing up, I was good, because he got me into it, and you know, I watch Charger games, Podger games, I live in San Diego, like, we hang out, like, I'm going to the San Diego State Aztec football game on Saturdays with him, so, you know, we get along good, but he's gotta step his game up if he wants to work with us. All right, so. Good, thank you.