Okay, so today what I wanted to do is I wanted to kind of recap some stuff from yesterday. I know yesterday was kind of like, here's a huge brain dump, right? How many of you guys felt a little bit overwhelmed afterwards? Good, good, good. That's my goal. If you're underwhelmed when you leave these things, you never want to come back, right? So that's good. So what I want to do is I want to kind of recap a couple of the core concepts and then hopefully I heard a lot of common questions afterwards. So I'm gonna add a couple things I've worked on this morning to kind of hopefully bridge those gaps and so everything will make perfect sense to everybody. So that's kind of the game plan. Alright, so just to recap, any wrestlers in the room here? A couple wrestlers? Yeah. Anyone want to wrestle right now? No one? If no was here, he'd be in. I know he would. Alright, so this is what I want to stress. One thing I got, I think some people took and I wanted to kind of step back to the wrestling analogy was, I have this thing that's working. Now I got to go add all these pre-frame fun, all these things and that wasn't necessarily exactly what I meant. So talk about wrestling, there's three moves, right? Single leg, double leg, high C. So if I'm wrestling some dude and his leg is just right there, I can just grab it. It's really easy, right? I don't have to set him up, I don't have to do anything. So that's like my warm traffic. Their legs just right there, I just have to grab it. So I don't need to have a pre-frame funnel and content, all these things to get those guys, like they're in, like they're their legs just right there, I just have to grab it. But a lot of times somebody knows what they're doing and so they're gonna keep their leg back, they're gonna be a good stance, they're gonna block well, and so I can't get to that leg easy. So this might be warm traffic, I got to do something to get in there and then I can get in on their leg and take them down. Some guys are awesome and they're super hard and I have to figure out different setups and different ways to get in and it's harder and harder and harder and I get a lot of stuff to be able to get in on someone's leg. So this is kind of what I'm talking about with this funnel catcher process is your warm traffic is gonna be really really easy. Most of you guys are already advertising well to your warm market, like you don't need to be doing most stuff we're talking about. What I'm talking about is how do we grow that, how do we get people outside of your warm market, outside your hot market to your warm and into your cold and that's when it gets a little, you have to add more stuff to convert the further out in the funnel you go. So kind of just to recap this, so if they are, if they're hot traffic, your existing list, existing people, stuff like that, the bridge is really really short. Typically it's you just saying go buy something and they're like alright I'm in. So you don't have to worry too much. Warm, this is your JV partners, this is blogs in your market, this is Facebook ads to your follow, or to a similar interest groups that you're selling real estate products, it's to real estate people. So it's warm as people already know you, there's less of a thing, you might just have to go to webinar registration page, you might just have to do something really really simple. So the bridge is a lot shorter. And then the third one, this is more what we're talking about here today and over the last days is the cold. How do I now take my message outside of people who know exactly what a funnel is? How do I get it to all the people who've never heard of a funnel? How do I get my message to people who aren't in my industry, don't understand my lingo, don't understand anything and they go bigger? And that's where all these pre-framed funnels come from, right? Is I've got to figure out other ways to grab them based on an interest, bring them in and then from there I can educate them, I can warm them up, I can do all of things and bring them into my world, okay? Does that make sense hopefully? Does that make things less overwhelming? Knowing great, I'll do this for every single thing just when I'm trying to expand this and grow, right? Cool. And then again, the goal with all these trophies when you get them in is then to get people to fall in love with you through the direct communication, through periscope or blogging or whatever platform you like. Okay, so before I jump into this, who did their homework last night and wants to have me do it? Okay, come on up. All right, so you kind of walked me through everything and you gave me more than I'm looking for right now, so flip me side so I can write up here. If I can move this over. I wasn't really sure what I was supposed to be doing. That was good. We did more. All right. Okay, so we're just right here. So what is the funnel that you guys, like the product, I should start with the products. What's the product you guys want to sell? Tax cutting secrets. Okay, so what's the product? Start with the book. I guess that's the beginning, right? That's a trip wire, I guess. Okay, so we're selling a book. Okay. All right. Okay, so we're talking again for this process talking about cold market now, right? Okay, so there's a book and what's your book called? What's it about? Thinking outside the money box. The best concepts for worry for your retirement or off the beam path. Okay, so worry, free retirement. All right, that's the book. Okay, so now I want to come back. And so if we're going after cold traffic, right? So we won't go down the food court and people that have no idea who we are, what is a bridge we can create to get those people to raise their hand and come into this world? Do you want to pay less in taxes? Okay, so the hook is pay less in taxes. Okay, so I'm soon right here at this book. This is gonna be a book funnel, right? So you know, like free plus shipping or something. Yeah, free plus shipping 795 upsell. So that's the book. Okay, so now we're gonna work for a bridge. Okay, so the hook is pay less in taxes. So what kind of funnel do you want to use to get people to be like, sweet, I'm gonna pay less in taxes. Well, I thought the funnel was break even free plus shipping. And then the next step would be the perfect webinar and then high ticket sales. That's also happening to this side of it. Okay, we're saying there's a book offer right here, right? Okay. And so you can go to your warm market and buy my book. It's awesome. Well, three times sweet. I'm in but working food court and you're all these people like how many of these people to want wealth free retirement, right? So like what is it a survey funnel? Is it gonna be a contest? Is it gonna be like what kind of thing can we do full quiz surveys? Okay, so it's gonna be a quiz. What's the quiz gonna be about? Lane was working on that. Boom, I like that. Okay, so the R U thing too much. Cool. Okay, I like that. Do you live through court? How do you guys think the government's screwing you over? You want to find out how much you're over paying in taxes? Okay, that's good. I like that. Okay, so there's a bridge. Alright, so we got the bridge now. Now we're coming out to the platform, right? So what kind of content can you create to get somebody so like I'm on Facebook, scrolling around, I see something, an article or something that's gonna get me to want to take this quiz. Okay, so I've written a book. I've been in USA today. Been in Forbes, Financial Planning Magazine. So I'm a contributor to Retirement Weekly, which is a market watch. So I keep on trying to do things and a reporter will ask me a question. I stay up and stay at work late and I just write an answer for them hoping it'll get in one of those publications. But we also have a copywriter that writes different free reports for us. Remember the names of some of them? We have like five or six. I don't remember all the names. Okay, let's make one up right now. So here's an article on Facebook. So Facebook is equivalent of the food court, right? Okay. The cold masses, right? Millions and billions of people hanging out on Facebook. So I'm scrolling through my news feed. I gotta have something that's gonna grab me. And so is there a story of some average Joe like them who paid way too much in taxes? You know, top your head. Or... Okay, so let's say like Suzy Jacobson from Boise, Idaho paid $1.5 million dollars too much or whatever. Big masses, $1.5 million is not gonna relate to them. So maybe it's like paid... We were able to get her a $2,200 refund after taking this three-second quiz, right? So take this... It takes 30-second quiz and you figure out exactly how to completely just lower your thing. And then you got an article here talking about Suzy's story and how awesome it is. And there's a link to the quiz. And out here there's a link to the quiz. And so it's her telling this story, how she saved this much money because she took this magic quiz. Okay? So there's your content now. And that could be one thing. And again, content's gonna be... You're gonna keep creating more stuff, right? So there might be a YouTube video telling Suzy's story. And then it might be... So each network you can have different thing. But that could be a good pre-sell article, right? And then from there, all the stuff we're talking about today, how to get traffic to that. Okay. Does that make sense? Yeah, it makes sense. What do you guys think? Is that clear anything up on your right side? So that's what we're talking about. You figure out what is your selling and you know the funnel for that. They come back here. What's the process we're talking about? So you're gonna get some money. Because if I just went to the food court, I'm like, hey, read my book. Have you ever read a book? Ever. Yeah. They're not going to. I wasn't looking at it as a product being just the book. I was thinking it was tax cutting strategies. So there's tons of them. Maybe the book's not the place to start. No, no. I think it is. But I'm saying this dude right here is not gonna like read this book to find out if you can save $2,000 in taxes. I gotta read. I don't know. They just not have $2,000. But who wants a free book to that's good for someone to the markets. Like something like me is like annoyed by my taxes. I'm a warm market. Like I'm in like I'll read the book to figure it out. But again, the masses aren't right. So the masses of they'll take a 30 second quiz to see how much the government screwed them over. They're right. They're pissed when they find that out. They watch that and then they find out now they have pain. Now you create that pain. Now they'll read the book. Got it. But they're not gonna read the book until they know they're getting screwed over. Right. Got it. You gotta you gotta take that pain and agitate it and poke at it. And that's what the quiz is all about. Like, holy cow. Did you realize that's how much money you lost? Like someone if you guys ever seen the real estate guys probably know what it is. There's like some site you go to and you type it in and it's like all the money that people owe you. You just see that it's like like for merchant accounts from housing you moved and all these like like I got friends making tens of millions of dollars in there. You just go to site and just type in your name. It shows how much money is yours and type in it's like it's like $13,000 for my name and you're freaking out and then like you tell you're anyway because there's now there's suddenly pain now I care. And so that this bridge page here that's the goal is to take someone from where they're at over here where there's a one day they're like wow Susan paid $22,000 should a quiz to find out maybe I'm maybe I'm paying too much let me find out who take the quiz now causes pain now I'm willing to read a book. Well in my seminar one time I did a show the sample tax return something called the tax torpedo it was done by the Wharton school and I had my accountant do two tax returns two people have $69,000 in income and one paid $3,210 less in tax. So I usually say that in my seminar. That could be a great great post to be another good post to people whatever right. It's what I'm doing is like I'm always trying to find these hooks and these angles right because this this ad on Facebook will run and work for a while but after a while it gets ad fatigued so I got a new one so then boom now you got this one like two people say amount of money one paid $3,200 less what was the difference take this free quiz to find out it's one about that boom boom boom right and then you got another case study another one so this content is like what are hooks that we can put out there to grab people and bring them back into the bridge which means I'm into the book. So basically just use case studies of your current clients think of all those different stories and those all can be different little ads. They didn't have to be your clients they can be like just dude you read about on Google or just yeah like anyone that's ever been screwed over by taxes which how many guys have been screwed over by taxes you know a lot of content in this room right here right so yeah just yeah. That's everyone's biggest expense people don't really realize it but and as you get into the upper end you can say hey you want to save 1.2 million in taxes or you can say hey I can you know capital gains is voluntary yeah state taxes are voluntary yeah and you'll get a deduction from the government if you decide not to take you know pay those two yeah but it's good yeah it could when when Jesse talks they too he'll show you other other ways but you create that then how can we get that out there so yeah I could be I might send an email to that in promotion I might put on my fan page and promote it I might if there's other fan page on my post and other so there's a whole bunch of ways that we will promote that content which is what we'll be talking about today but yeah how do you get eyeballs now on this message I could I might yeah like if I'm sending an email out I might I might post it on my blog and then drive by an email ad to that to do that might be so again I'm coming back to like the different networks right and some networks like like let's say it's Instagram right they're not gonna let me have a huge article that's not how it works but I have a picture with Susie holding up a check smiling and saying Susie saved $2,300 take this free quiz to see how much money you know the government owes you and that's an Instagram picture and all of a sudden like boom that's getting people to come over who's fear ever seen that ad it's like it's got this guy he's holding his credit score it's big it's like this guy dropped his credit score or raises credit whatever by like X amount of points you guys seen that ad I guess one of my friend you know my friends that says that he's killing it tens of millions of dollars and it's just like that little quick ads guy like showing his credit score smiling and like little headline and and it's everywhere like if you start if you're like me and like you go to sites just to find banner ads like you'll see all over the place it's but how many guys go to like sites to read content I'm gonna go to the Fox News and read up yeah I go to sites just like scroll for the ads like that I'm such a nerd but that's right should you keep it just on one topic is like when I first told you tax-cutting strategies in the book there's also some social security strategies one lady came my seminar I found her a hundred two thousand two hundred eighty eight dollars because she didn't realize she'd collect a survivor benefit offered to husband that died 12 years prior when we call it so security she had just turned 66 and at 66 you can get a hundred percent of that number and it was 21 thirty one a month times 12 months times four years so we found her a hundred two thousand two hundred eighty dollars but it has nothing to do with tax that was just savings we found her an increased so security I would make another bridge then do you have a you have a quiz you could take to find out how much you got lost in social security so I'd hate this whole thing like this doesn't have to change the books the same I build a new bridge now that's that quiz about social security and I build content push people in social security so multiple bridges are multiple different top topics driving to the same book yeah great I think my click phones we got click phones right mm-hmm bridges for authors for speakers network marketers chiropractors like we have tons of things out here all lean back to here and then tons of content pushing pushing into there and the reason what we I kind of picked tax because I figured everyone saves taxes yeah you're right so all right so that help give her a round of applause anybody else want to do that Bonnie trade besides okay so we will start over here with your product right so what is your product I know but for everybody else so I teach entrepreneurs how to get super high quality videos websites graphics design and virtual assistance for teeny tiny prices cool so I'm gonna write outsourcing I don't know it's more than that but just I'm gonna have this big space that's her and you're through a webinar yeah there's a webinar funnel okay all right so we will go out from here so obviously one market entrepreneurs are in hot markets in so for the cold market what is a cool bridge we can build here help them okay so I have two ideas so you can tell me what she think would be better so one idea would be to create a quiz it's like what's what's your success blocker and kind of create you know are you overwhelmed are you feeling like technically overloaded are you do you have like a staff that's kind of crappy that would be like one angle does your staff suck does your stuff do you have people but they're terrible so that's one angle another angle would be to create a quiz it's like you know we have a free video series for you like from a Facebook ad like we have a free video series for you what would you like to learn about how to get super high quality graphic design videos websites or just how to you know get out of overwhelm or something like that so I'm not really sure what would resonate better and that's where you come in what do you guys think I think the right title for it say it again what how you kind of had said it um so so essentially it would be a quiz that would help people identify where are they getting stuck are they stuck because because they don't have time to get to their most profitable activities are they stuck because they are just technically overloaded there's just so much technical stuff and they don't have the capacity to do it are they stuck because maybe their brand looks really ugly you know all of those different areas kind of lead to different types of outsourcing are you stuck quiz yeah how but I liked the success blocker but I don't like plagiarism so I'm like what would be another version of that yeah success blocker find out which which time killer is I like that okay so something like that again it's not gonna be perfect right now but yeah it's the time killer quiz right we'll call for that for now okay so we got the bridge now alright so now we come back out and move more to a platform level so what kind of bait plot content bait we put out there it makes somebody want to take this quiz okay so think about tell me your your first story first time you use outsourcing the first time I used outsourcing yeah the first time it was like your big a hobby like holy cow this is the first time I had a really big success without sourcing I quadrupled my income in three months that was that was the big whoa I quadruples for right quadrupled yeah for X income by hiring people for $3 an hour no it's it gives it away too much I think I think it's by considering we're from the quiz so how I forced my income by by discovering my number one time killer okay something like that right then you got an article telling the story and they hear you talk about all those kind of things like the story of it now it's like doesn't really make sense to me like whoa she forks the money by from a time killer like how many guys feel like as entrepreneurs that like you're at the office and like everyone's sucking your time from you and you ever get anything done okay so everyone hands on or seven else is like either you're lucky how many employees or your line okay so I think most of us can it can play that like you feel like you're getting your time sucked away so like that something like that could be a good one is kind of your personal story where some other ones we could we could think further that would suck them into this quiz yeah what about stories about other people that I've helped like and like how you know Patrick got like a $650,000 a year contract by outsourcing this is that's not relevant because it's to it's giving away the outsourcing what about what about do you have remember you showed me our first call like this website right here costs $25,000 this one costs $200 yeah like can you guess which one like like one one site costs 25k one was $250 can you guess which one it's like boom boom I can almost be just be a quiz even as well like a pre-frame quiz that's a fun idea they have to pick like okay which one which one was expensive and they pick and you're like wrong or right correct you know that could be a really cool like just that I kind of like the man woman one just like yes no like which one you think is the is the winner I think I think I don't fully understand like how this the platform bridge relates to the quiz like I think that's like the gap for me I don't know if anyone else feels that way like maybe I'm just dense so let's get so so the different ways I mean sometimes this is just an ad right like right now you've got you driving just a Facebook ad directly to here right and we're working in a market right if I want to go bigger let's say I want to go and I want to target like entrepreneurial right you're right or why you're something like that who they may not know the outsourcing thing or there might be different I said like they don't really get that it's hard to go figure out straight from here to here you're not gonna make you're not gonna break even cuz it's the market's too big and it's too much of a jump for them and so instead you go like to the YEO audience right in Facebook and so we're gonna an article that would that would relate to that right so they're young entrepreneurs there whatever and so I'm writing something that they're gonna be like whoa like that's like it's bait for them specific right so it's for me to be able to target different audiences that kind of make more sense yeah I know that like the audience I want to bring in here for me like let's say it's here's click funnels I want to bring in chiropractors I'm writing a chiropractic content piece and then I drive chiropractors to and then if I want to bring in a different audience so it's kind of thinking through that like who's the audience you want to bring in and customizing something for them so you can target them bring them into the quiz and bring them to the thing you actually want to do you want to polarize people in those articles like what I want to fundamentally put you know piss off certain audiences and be like like this is a terrible example but like why if you're a web developer you need to be outsourcing now like I'm getting things for $10 an hour and you're getting paid 80 you know like would that be like that can be add like like website website designers are freaking out or they're pissed off that I'm sharing this or yeah and then target companies who have website designers the owners like what you kidding me yeah okay cool yeah and then again come to other networks right so maybe Instagram you've got a picture of you I did I did a I did one kind of like this for our split testing thing where I got I took two two websites that we had split tests and I blew them up kind of big cards and I did a whole video me holding both of my which one you think one you can do one of you holding that like which which website I think cost to me fit that could be an ad in Instagram or on a blog or anyway but there's again there's so many ways we can do content you know that you got kind of look through that yeah one could be a podcast where someone interviews you or whatever and then that you put that up you drive traffic to this podcast or some pushes people through the quiz and yeah I like that a lot I like the idea of like doing a lot of podcasts and like getting you know talking about my story my message my mission and then you know taking to something that like would authentically help them like really help them figure out like where are they getting stuck and then and then giving them a customized video series they're like oh you're getting stuck on not having a virtual assistant here's a video about that because they feel like then you get super targeted and then people are happy and it's beautiful yeah I love it yeah yeah that's awesome you all hear that that was really good talking about like Max's like Cosmo where they have like the quizzes like eat this not that and you're like in the newsstand like I got to buy this thing to find out what you know and things like that and looking at at companies like that who are amazing at it we do it for thousands of years and modeling and seeing what their quizzes are and kind of replicate and that's awesome yeah I mean it's 100% like everything you're doing here is all about trying to track our dream customers right so I'm not gonna create something here it's gonna bring somebody that hate into my world and so but if you know like if you're like a third person was a married like Garrett White's new headlines attention married businessman how to have more sex with your wife that have more sex and power in your life without having to get a divorce or sleep with a procedure something like that like that's his ad right and it's powerful right like married business man who aren't getting it at home we're gonna respond to that right so like he's definitely doing that to cut people in half figure exactly where yeah so for her for my for markets like business owners want to be home to be attention you know married business owners are business owners with family home here's how to how to get X amount of more hours at home with your kid you know whatever that is but that's definitely something you could do if you're if you know like especially if you know like who did you want to sell or who's currently buying things of that and the common things about them and taking that back out to this level yeah so that's a good question so for us the shift can't come right here right came back here and so it's changing our front and product so it wasn't like how to get rich on the internet it was like our split testing book was where this whole thing began right where somebody wants to reach on the internet they see a book called 108 split test winners they they're like it repels them they're even what it is they're confused and so they leave right the person who gets it that's like it's like the coolest thing in the world right they want that and they want to figure out testing okay and so I'm what's interesting about this is like there's a there's a warm market that will buy that right and then it run you run out of track and some businesses like that's all you want okay and so for me like let's say I want I want people who split testing like this cool thing for them right so they're more likely to buy everything else I'm doing but there's business owners like let's say there's chiropractors down the road of no idea what split testing is right so that's the process that I got to take someone from cold to warm through this process right so here I might be like I'm gonna show you guys a way to double double you know how many people give you money on your website by whatever right and they come over here and then there's a quiz or a you know pick which website think wins now there's a video where so now like they just found out that their website could suck it came right here they picked the wrong website like I can't with that one actually made more money there's a video me saying this thing that we do is called split testing where we take two things we figure out which one's the best you find out one's best and you can double or triple your income so they went from cold to all of a sudden wow they got this concept they're warmed up and I said here's a split testing book and now they're like whoa this is the that's the coolest thing the way two minutes later they know what that was I didn't make it didn't mean anything to them but I brought them through this through this process took them from cold to warm really really quickly because now that I because I caught I created a need for me I created like a desire for this thing that they didn't have a desire for before and then and I have the desire now the product is is exciting so I guess that's one of the big parts of this is you're taking people were cold and this process the goal of it is to create a desire for what you have over here yeah yeah the ads just people raise their hand like and then the process is to create desire yeah most of our ads are like if I do the doc I'm sure book I talk about inquire interrupts I like I called that because like national inquire like you're walking you're buying groceries and you walk by and you see that like the three headed babies gave birth to an alien you're like what the like you got it like it sucks you in right like good ads are the same way like you look at 90% of all the ads and ad networks right now like the headlines are like the headlines are like weird something does something and right what is this weird thing and then make sure it's your hand and then you're then you're in so yeah I'm trying to get some stop in the tracks take interest create desire by thing yeah that's why it's important when we go when you go into each network is to see what people are doing see what they like and then we model that it's all it's a whole fun acting concept right I don't buy we don't buy it on Instagram now but if and when we're in the next year we're gonna be able to get a lot of people to see right I don't buy we don't buy it on Instagram now but if and when we do also like a week going through every Instagram thing on earth clicking at everything trying to see like what the process that that network is used to and that they're enjoying that they're going through and then we'll model this based on that right in the Facebook same thing with whatever we're we're kind of doing cool thank you so much this was really helpful I really appreciate all your comments and stuff thank you all right funny we may actually what time is it okay we'll go quick on yours because we are out okay so what is your product our product is slimming sport legging sport legging slimming one slimming slimming like spanks no it is the board textile which contains active elements which help you lose weight it has microcups so it is kind of a weight loss supplement wearable socks you put on make you lose weight it is tight and there is there are active components inside when you exercise those components go into your skin into your blood and helps you put on tights that lose weight okay yeah she's talking to a warm audience I'm talking to a cold audience right you notice that she's using techno babble I'm using it's spanks right it's spanks to make you lose weight pull our whole body up we're melting okay all right so sports slimming sport legging when you heard that did anybody know what it was I said it's tights you put on make you lose weight where you're like cool does it make you look skinnier is actually make you skinnier it makes your skinnier so it helps you losing weight it does not make you look skinnier okay so you guys need to work on naming because that doesn't make any sense to anybody here okay but anyway that's that's another thing okay all right so there we go okay so there we come back I think all right so there's product all right so now what is a bridge that will get somebody to understand that these actually you put them on and you lose weight well I'll tell you what my bridge was I'm sure whether it makes anybody understand anything I was thinking about doing a quiz and the quiz would be what is like what is the what are your real body measurements what real body measurements of you could be yeah how to put it in good words basically women are running around and doing things and they always say yeah bike would never be like that but they never know how they can be because they just don't know and if you fill in your parameters several things then I can tell you what's your normal measurement for your breast hip waist and this is normal so if you sport exercise and do supplements like legging then you can get there step by step so quiz would be take this free quiz to to what to find out your real size yeah for the women in the audience is that something that's interesting to you I don't I have no idea for me I don't confuse me find out your real size I would do something like um like will these magic socks help you lose weight something like that okay because I got magic socks to make me lose weight I don't know and like number one are you a man or woman I'm a woman number two are you 10 pounds overweight 50 pounds a million pounds number three okay all right so we have some kind of quiz that tells them to help them figure out if this will actually work for them okay this is kind of a cool concept think about it like I think like a men's testosterone like hey take this quiz to find out if our pill will help you lose test start doesn't work for everyone take this quiz to find out who if it'll work for you or not right hey it doesn't work for you congratulations all right one of the only question that matters is do you have a credit card congratulations all right okay so now we got content out here what kind of content can you develop to get people to want to take this quiz to find out if they can lose weight yeah I have no idea do you have any case studies people that have done it sorry do you have case studies people that lost weight with this yes how much just like give me an example of someone that might have lost weight like somebody who would just wear those leggings for two months and don't do any exercise would lose um half to one inch on thigh and on hip and if somebody exercises then they lose about uh one inch per week okay so uh weird no not per week sorry for two weeks two weeks socks suck fat out of legs that's a freaking sweet headline weird socks suck fat out of legs how many how many how many of the women in the audience would click on that if you saw it like you're on new side you're like weird socks suck fat on my legs you like huh I don't even know okay so there it is right then you have a story about this lady who wore these magic socks for two weeks and it was awesome it like doesn't work for everyone but we've got this cool quiz take this quiz right here to find out if these socks could work for you different body types actually works for take the thing over here take the quiz all of a sudden that I congratulations your body type works it'll work for you buy some socks cool okay sounds like a plan thank you so much yeah I want to sell those sounds like fun now yeah we all want to do it I want some weird socks yeah it's good okay thank you cool all right give her a round of applause thank you thanks all right did that help kind of make yesterday all more clear hopefully good good good last thing when you leave boys and be like huh what's he talking about all right cool so again kind of kind of recap what time are we at I make sure we leave Jesse enough time to do his magic all right 10 o'clock cool okay so just kind of recap again typically for your hot market the bridge is very very small I should have made this like two rungs because you don't have to do much right warm market maybe three rungs there's a little more and cold is where we're talking about all these things so we're taking people from way over here and we're warming them up we're creating desire through the process and getting them to want and need our our solutions okay all right so hot traffic again just really quick recap how do we convert hot traffic we do through all these things from our Seinfeld emails we do webinars we do periscopes we blog we talk to these people we connect with them we're an attractive character we are awesome they have fun hanging out this like we're just engaged with them and then they want to give you more money so hot traffic is the best which is the goal of all the other kinds of traffic is to turn people hot right get them into your world and then they'll just keep giving you money for forever okay and then there we're talking with them from like the most aware we can just talk to them we can use techno battle because they're excited by that they get that it makes sense to them okay all right so I'm gonna have exercise for you guys now before moving to warm and to cold traffic so I learned this initially from jay abraham this is like 10 years ago they wanted me to promote one of their products they sent me this big old box like this big of every jay abraham course in the history of time which was amazing if you were to buy it then I was like it was like five or six grand or more if you were to buy the whole thing so I geeked out I'm told like jay abraham immersion for like a month and a half it was awesome and uh one of the cool things that I learned from him and I'm gonna do exercise with you guys right now because I think it's important he talked about like for you to find strategic partners and uh an advertising networks and everything whatever it is you have to look at like where's your customer standing right now okay so this is the or excuse not customer but like your product is right here right and you got to think like what are all the things that somebody needs before they get to your product and what are all the things they need after they get their product okay so for example let's say um i sell website design services okay so I that's my business that's what I do so I'm right here so what are all the things somebody needs before they need to hire me they got to buy a domain hosting um you know whatever so there's those kind of things happen before they ever need me after they got a domain and hosting now they need me now I'm relevant and after they they uh after I design their website what do they need they need traffic they need auto responders they need all the all the rest of the things right okay so for all your guys business what you sell it's the same thing like there's a whole bunch of things somebody needs before that you're even relevant to them and then there's you and there's all the stuff now that happens after afterwards okay so this is important to understand because like where do we find our traffic from from this side or from this side where do we find our partnerships from from this side or from this side if I'm a website designer I want to hook up with a domain registrars like if I could get go daddy to send me like their clients like hey you spot a domain you should hire Russell to build your website like that'd be amazing right because it's just like I want all their customers okay and the same thing like if I got people on this side who they they're working with accounting and they just got a business license things or maybe over here's a business license maybe they got stuff over there there's partnerships here as well where I can send people there and make money but then they can also refer people back and there's kind of this really cool thing and so you guys start thinking through that with with your business with your product your service like what's all the things somebody needs before they enter into your world and what are all the things they need after after you okay does that make sense okay so I want to spend like four or five minutes and just draw like a little timeline draw you in the middle and then write down all the things you can think of before they get to you and all the things after okay all right cool so keep thinking through this you guys because this is like really it's one of the keys to traffic like thinking through this like when you can understand that and get it like all of your customers are already there you've got to figure out who are the people that have it right so I'm transitioning out to warm traffic a little bit so with warm traffic um this is what we start talking about right now how many guys have heard me talk about dream 100 at least 100 times okay good no I did this morning so no I can print them out later though okay so dream 100 I'm not going to go into a big a big thing about this I talk about a lot and ignite train talk about a lot we can continue to talk about it but you need to be doing this right so when I figured out who are all these people right before they come to me all these people afterwards those are my dream 100 those are the people that have my customers and it's time to start building relationships with them okay in the last year I've probably sent out man probably 15 packages to my dream 100 in the mail this month we sent out two we sent them us versus them t-shirt a month three or four weeks ago we sent them out um uh oh was that making noise we sent them out uh um a little corvette cars in the mail like we're sending them stuff all the time because we're trying to get them engaged and trying to get them to listen to us there's so much noise so much stuff happening okay and so uh how many guys have sent something out to people on your dream 100 a couple cool like just do it it works I promise so much easier than like buying ads and testing I just get your warm market or an Azure customer make them think you're cool help them serve them give them stuff whatever it is but just build that relationship because one relationship uh like I've told you guys before one uh we've got uh Mike Filson like I've been working his relationship for a long time and it's kind of funny like I don't know if I should say it's on camera um when we first launched ClickFunnels uh I'm gonna tell the story anyway we first launched ClickFunnels he was gonna be he was gonna promote it and then he didn't because he thought like for a little while he was gonna be a competitor to us and I was like so mad and I remember being upset and I was gonna like yell at him and I was like you know what whatever I'm just gonna I'll just be cool to him because he's in my dream 100 he's a friend like I'm just I'm just gonna like just not even worry about it right and a lot of people um when they have partners and things who don't like we had a conversation Matt in the inner circle on uh on Tuesday I think about like JV partners and like the question was like how do you get JV partners not to be flaky right I'm like well this is reality for us like we'll get we'll send out 100 packages to give people promote we'll get 30 people who commit saying yes I will promote and then only 10 ever do and then like those other 20 I just want to yell at him I'm like I do too but like you have to be nice to him so like Mike was a perfect example he told us the whole time he's gonna promote ClickFunnels we're really excited and then the week that we were launching it he messaged me he's like hey turns out we're gonna be competitors instead of partners and I'm like what do you mean it's like oh I partnered on this thing I was just like so mad like I wanted to I was like live it and I was like you know what like oh I'm just whatever I'm just gonna blow it off and just keep moving forward so I blew it off kept moving forward month and a half later messaged me back never mind we're not gonna be competitors anymore and uh they've done 700 uh you know they're yeah almost like just shy of a million dollars in sales force in the last eight months and if I would have if I would have been like a jerk to him can you imagine like a lot of money I would have lost out on so I'm grateful that I was really nice to him and so like your dream 100 they're typically they're people that are they have traffic right they've got things happening they're gonna be high maintenance they're gonna be flaky they're gonna like all sorts of stuff and it's your job just to serve them and give to them and do whatever you can and if you do that doors open like one partner you see one partner can make you rich like can be insane amounts of money and so uh if you haven't started building a dream you want to hear it now is the time to do that and when you get home on monday is the first time you need to send them a gift or send them something yeah that's something they stay see your own plots that's awesome I want the magic fairy dust I'm gonna hit you up too that's awesome okay so dream 100 that's your warm traffic okay and again if you're struggling who like where do I find these people a lot of times you're thinking like you're direct competitors right which could be good but again it comes back we talked about earlier like who are all the people that need that uh like that are working with your customer before they need you and all the people afterwards those are the people look for that's how you kind of start branching this out beyond just like your typical partners and friends and things like that okay all right and so uh again for me it's usually list owners bloggers podcasters people have big social media followings like those are where I'm searching for people because those people have access to distribution channels if you think about this like um think about this like all all that this is is distribution channels right you look at like how things happen back in the day right there was like there was uh three cable or there's three tv channels there's abc mbc and cbs right there's three channels that was like the just distribution channels and I was talking to tony robbins when he got started there's three tv channels so he's had infomercials running all three of those channels and it was 100 distribution everybody's house had the only those three channels so it's all three of them so everybody saw tony robbins for like 10 15 years okay and then all of a sudden then cable popped out and this and millions of channels and all of a sudden like it became it became hard like you can't buy ads on every single channel and uh it's really hard right and the internet came around and ever talked about building lists and building followings and those kind of things and all you're really doing is building a distribution channel for yourself or for other people okay and so i'm doing i'm trying to find like who are the people already have distribution channels to my to my dream audience like where are those people at okay um people have already have email lists they already have they already bloggers have huge followings there's already people have podcasts um john leadum is in two podcasts with me the very first one we did a podcast we talked about my book he sold 800 copies of my book from one podcast it was awesome a distribution channel to his people and they came into my world and bought a bunch of stuff so where are the distribution channels that your existing clients are already in like that's it who are the people that have those distribution channels and you're going to kiss their butts like crazy to get into the distribution channels like that's it that's as complicated as this part of the the warm traffic should be okay finding those people identifying him and figuring out how you can serve them what you can do gifts you can send them ask and then ask him to to do stuff okay all right and again typically with those kind of partners there's somewhere here in the in the warm area so we're doing solution aware product where this is the kind of ad you'll be running to those people's uh uh distribution channels and last is cold traffic okay and we talked about this a couple times earlier today is step number one is creating content bait that's going to put that we're going to put out there to grab our dream customers okay what's the content bait that's going to get somebody to say whoa what is that you get them and then you can pull them in create desire through this process and get them to actually purchase your product so number one's content bait step number two like we talked about is the preframe bridge here which again can be the quizzes contest articles all the different things we talked about yesterday and then again those people usually they're either unaware or problem where so that's you're speaking to them at that level okay all right a couple other things I want to talk about the kind of setup the rest of today when I am doing this we talked about this yesterday with going into networks and seeing what the ads look like in that process okay this is like uh I talked about conceptually this is like a real-life example okay so um this how many guys have seen this ad of the creepy lady pulling her skin like this okay if you look at this ad or any ad again I I spend half my time just going to new sites trying to find ads to click on them and you see the ones that that are really successful some people go from an ad directly to a squeeze page and go direct an ad to a vsl and and sometimes you can make those work I've always struggled to make those work but if you look at like what's the site look like that this ad is on right so there's a site and if you think about it like the average the average customer I don't want to be rude or anything but they're not that smart okay so they are over here let's say they're on Fox news and they're reading all these articles about all this stuff and all of a sudden they see this lady pulling her skin do they think that's an ad no they think that that is an article on Fox news they're like oh my gosh this is legitimate this is a real thing okay so if she clicks on the Washington dermatologist hate this lady and she's pulling her skin off they're clicking on that and if you take them from there to a vsl what just happened you lost you lost you lost the credibility you lost everything right and so you go from there to something that the content is similar it matches it feels like it feels like they're going somewhere similar right so you go from there and now you got the site again it's not Fox news but it's consumer report news or whatever the site is you have the article here that matches the style okay and this is this now is your preframe bridge okay and then the article now can sell the you know sells the product or the service okay but we're matching the media so when I'm going to a site I'm buying ads I'm looking at what does the site look like what do what do the real articles look like what are they structured like I'm going to make my thing match and look very similar to what the real site looks like so that I look like contents I'm part of this process with them okay now there's there's typically with with advertising on on sites there's like two there's two methods right one is like being the annoying banner ad that's like the flashing clown with the yellow and you're trying to get someone to like click on it right and there's the time for for that which is not really what we're talking about during this event as much the other one is is content we're inserting ourselves inside the content so when you're doing that and john's gonna talk about show you guys a bunch of sites and things like that during his presentation but think about like if I'm creating something I'm matching the media my ads gonna look like what the page is on when I come over here when they click on that my article whatever's gonna look very similar to where they just came from right you're kind of matching that so that way that there's no incongruity they're they're filling the the process all the way through okay does that make sense okay here's a good example in email ads this is an old ad we ran a little while I was actually excited I found this so anyone here ever buy ads in town hall I know you guys do okay so town hall is like a conservative republican news site right one thing that's interesting it's really interesting is that almost every market especially all the major mass mass markets like weight loss money finance like things like that almost everybody who's buying your stuff if you if you take all your customers and you run like a demographic thing on it you'll find what's interesting is like almost all of them are conservative white republicans like those are the people who are giving you money every single day okay I don't care what your political beliefs are or whatever it does not matter the people that are the majority of people who are giving your money are conservative republicans they love to buy everything okay and so when we're looking at cold traffic like where is the majority of the cold traffic at it's in the conservative republican sites okay like that's a hopefully big ahasov if you make your pre-framed bridge convert to conservative republican sites you have unlimited traffic like that's that should be the goal okay because there's tons of them they all have email lists they've got sites they got tons so if you can make your I mean these guys you said 250,000 opt-ins you get off of sites like this just for your gun giveaway right from the email site yeah do you guys ever buy on the actual site site cool okay so this site right here this is actually an email newsletter right here I believe yep this is an email newsletter so this is the one they were sending out and so I have two ads on this newsletter can you guys find them so warning protect your money from Clinton and Obama and these right here this is actually one big banner ad by design is so I could have like looks like three I got three places people clicking those one ads that's my ad there's another one there can you see my other ad right down here is my ad block too so all I did is I looked at like what they were already sending out okay right there that's my bald head right there this is an ad we ran uh April 19,008 this is back this is funny that like this is when Obama and Hillary were all fighting this is uh the primaries that we were running these ads so that's who I was targeting back then anyway it's kind of funny so but look I'm looking at like here's here's the content they're putting out there I don't want to be the ad that's like I'm an ad like I want them to think that I'm content and if I can make my headline a little better than the other annoying head like this headline Robert Dinovac white we're Hagel that's a horrible headline right isn't it made made my escape from the 95 daily grind better isn't it warning protection money from Clinton and Obama better headline Obama's dirty secret Hillary's worst nightmare like these are things that speak to the conservative republican right so I'm looking at what's the newsletter look like and then I'm gonna buy ads that match the content in there um something make money I don't remember it's it's this ad's been this is a old one but the concept the concept is there does that make sense okay and so again we're gonna show you a bunch of different ways to to promote stuff but email is what I want to spend a few minutes on because this is my my favorite way to uh to drive traffic so um basically when you look at the email world right there's tons and tons and tons of lists out there people that have email lists okay and it's also very very dirty world it's really easy to get to get scammed and to buy ads and just get screwed over so I'm gonna give you guys some some uh some ways to make it so that you um don't lose your shirts doing email because if you email the work like it's it's amazing that's when we launched nurse cell initially we did 100 through email uh we were uh we found a list that converted well for us they had a list of like how three or four million people and what's cool about is we we rented the list but we said hey we want to send we want to send out to one eighth of the list every Tuesday okay so what happened is that Tuesday we knew that email was going out to like 300,000 people so we got everything set up and working like here's the page and then Tuesday it hit and we watched sales come through and Tuesday sales are coming through Wednesday a few and then by you know by Wednesday night like pretty much all the sales are done because email is like you get a fast pop you get a lot of people really quick and so we're watching we're split testing a bunch of stuff and then by Wednesday right okay what happened we look at it okay this be this and so then we have the whole rest of the week okay based on what we learned from that little that push let's change some things move some things around and next Tuesday came out we had a new control new version ads came in boom we're watching what happens we had a day and a half of watching traffic they make decisions so for eight weeks we were just testing on this one list the same traffic source which is key some people test like traffic source a and then traffic source b and they're making like oh this one converted better but it might have been the list it might have been a hundred different things right so we'll pick one list and we'll just again break it up over eight weeks and use that eight week process to test and tweak and test and tweak until at the end of eight weeks we've got something that we know converts I can go out and then run that ad to you know a dozen or you know a hundred other lists as well okay so that's kind of how how we would typically do it all right so a couple things the first the the best email list you can rent are your dream 100 okay this may seem counter to you like aren't they just promoting as an affiliate the answer is yes sometimes but sometimes it's hard to get affiliates to promote and so one thing you got to understand is that what most affiliates are looking for when they judge like if I promoted this was a successful or not they're judging on EPC like I said a thousand clicks how much money I make I made two thousand bucks so my earnings per click I made two dollars every click I sent right like those are the kind of things people are looking for and so sometimes I go to affiliates and I hate to promote this and I don't know if it's going to convert I don't know there's all these things that they always issues they might have and so that's cool like when you normally send out an affiliate offer like what's like what's your EPC like what do you need it to be and they'll say oh well like you know on average make a dollar fifty EPC or an average will make three dollars EPC whatever like they they know their number is so I do a lot of times I come back say how about this then I'll just give you a guaranteed EPC so I'll pay you three if you usually get a dollar fifty click I'll pay you two dollars per click guaranteed and they're like really like yeah okay how many clicks can you send I'll accept three thousand okay cool well I'll give you a check for whatever and then let's just watch the clicks and then I'll just give you two dollars with you know whether they buy or not doesn't matter to you just send the clicks and I will I will I'll just pay you for the clicks okay and that's like my favorite way to do it because then typically you know who that person's list already is right you know what's good you're probably on their list you're aware that's your dream customers and that way you're not you're not just kind of rolling the dice a lot of times with these things you're just rolling your dice you buy an ad and you're like hope something happens you have no idea where this you're it's typically like your warm market and you can you can uh it's the safest okay so that's big is understanding your EPCs now a lot of times when you guys first get started you may not have no idea what your typical EPCs are right I got something on your side through your funnel you should be learning like what are my EPCs how much on average do I make when I send an ad out right um you guys all you guys all clear what EPC stands for okay earnings per click so five hundred thousand clicks and I make twenty five hundred dollars it's my math class for today how much was my earnings per click two dollars fifty cents okay that's about as good as math as I am so I made two dollars fifty cents for every click okay and so my funnel I know those metrics not my funnels I know for my book funnel what my EPC is I know for our webinar funnel what our EPC is it's nice because if you know this again when you buy any kind of ads if I go to Facebook I know hey I can spend up two dollars per click and still be profitable two dollars and 45 cents and still be profitable so it's it's important for you to learn your EPCs and that way when I go to the affiliate and I say like right now we're averaging three dollar EPCs like it's actually awesome I saw Anthony send an email to my gear the other day and uh and he said he did this perfectly he said hey Mike uh I guarantee you two dollar EPCs but most of our affiliates are getting thirty seven dollar EPCs but I'll guarantee you at least two like how do you say no to that like I guarantee at least two but if I make but if it's thirty seven I make thirty seven dollar EPC like that for an affiliate it's just like I can't lose that deal right did you have a question okay so this is key like so if you know if you know EPC and this is like again funnel building 101 like this is the key number next did you know that now I know what I can spend on Facebook and Google and YouTube like I can know what I can spend everywhere but it also opens up this whole hold all right and go to affiliates now and give them guaranteed EPCs and I can go in there and get a lot of traffic okay so that's number one that's the best list you can rent number two are industry specific lists okay so when we were doing Neurosel we did a lot of and I'll talk about it like conservative sites and it worked on all the sites but the best thing the the list that did the best for us I just went to Google I typed in neuropathy email list rentals and I found just random guys who had neuropathy sites or I typed in diabetic uh because there wasn't any neuropathy email list but there were diabetes sites so diabetic email advertising and there'd be these diabetic blogs and there's a page that says email advertising on it's like hey if you want to read it and listen we found a couple like really big lists one of them they have like 85,000 people who had diabetics or diabetes and it was like 1500 bucks to buy and add to their list and that one converted amazing because they were people that already had diabetes we knew exactly what the issue was right with conservative sites I'm kind of going after like a lot of you know a ton of people and so I don't really know but if I can find industry specific ones that's the best and the one thing that sucks about this is typically in most industries there's not like someone that's said here's all the diabetic email lists you can rent in the world here's you have to go find them you gotta do some work right you gotta go to google and type in coaches email list or weight loss email list or you know whatever your market is you gotta kind of search for those and and find them but when you do find them and they're gold like instead of like you know making on a let's say like a conservative site I might break even or maybe double over which is awesome here I might get like eight times or 20 times over because they're like so specific and it's really it's just awesome so you guys you gotta do some work and find those okay then usually I just search in google and I look and I look and I look yeah good questions or questions like if I'm running ads from this list and this list and this list are my send them all the same funnel or do I clone the funnel have a bunch of different funnels so what we do is we we use backpack our affiliate program and so like Brent does all of our email ads John does all our facebook ads and our twitter ads and that so they have an affiliate account and they create a affiliate account and they create affiliate tracking links for each of them and then in the affiliate tracking you can set up like sub IDs you figure out all these different tracking sources and then they're already the same funnel but then I get it in a month export and Brent say okay here's the eight list Brent rented this month list number one did this list number two did this list number three and so we should all through our affiliate platform and they sign up as affiliates and that's how we kind of track it that way you don't have to clone the list a million times over yeah the way the good if our good link trackers the way that it works with backpack inside click funnels is like let's say here here's the landing page I want to send you right so it gives you a link then you can depend two sub IDs sub IDs so what might be like here's my here's my link whatever click phones comm below and then there's like a question mark and it'll say like okay so sub ID number one will go right here which might be facebook and sub ID number two might be the ad so Tony Robbins page right and over here might be okay solo ad this is solo ad he sent out and it's to the town hall list uh January 12 right and then solo ad so usually we do like what's the source is usually our first sub ID so facebook solo ad you know whatever that is banner ad twitter ads we see like here's all the sources and then the second sub ID you can break down to keyword you can break down to uh the person's list to whatever those things are and so when you export at the end you know end of the week or the month you can say okay for this solo ad we spend you know $1500 and how much do we actually make okay we made three grand cool let's run that one again or oh lost money let's not run that one again okay the other thing to kind of uh note the way that we look at like if we're going to run something again or not as I come over here I look at like what's the actual price of my product right so if I'm doing the click funnel's webinar is the end goal and it's a thousand bucks I'm testing a new source if I'm going to test this solo ad I'll spend usually what one one cell of something would be so if I know if I make a sale I'm going to make a thousand bucks I'll spend a thousand dollars in ads here and see if I can break even if I do sweetheart keep going if I don't then I kill that source and move on to the next list okay so I'm usually willing to gamble the the the price of one product sale on some like this okay that's kind of how that's kind of how we we judge and if it doesn't if it doesn't make money uh during that initial test dump it and move next one and you'll find a lot of losers and you'll find a lot of winners as well yeah um mostly it depends if they ask most people don't ask so what he's asking is what you can do is let's say you're sending out a solo ad a lot of times say okay send me the creative that's the email ad that's going to go in it and uh so sometimes it's sometimes it's like a banner ad in email kind of ones I showed you sometimes you're like it's the whole email is yours and so you can give them the html code for the email and you can put in like a tracking like a facebook pixel or a retarget pixel so if somebody opens that email it retargets them instantly and you just start falling around banner ads and stuff like that so yeah we do do that by default and most people never say anything most of those guys uh send the send their own emails yeah most of them like um either we'll give them we'll give them like swipe copy but they usually they're all in formatting and their thing so it's more of like the bigger list they're usually like give us the html code that we want for the email okay industry specific list uh next now we're the mass media list this is like conservative republican news sites okay how many of you guys know some conservative republican news sites let me just go to some of those you frequent them on your own none of you guys I think you're all lying okay these guys do and they're making like freaking tens of millions of dollars okay if not I don't care what political belief you are you need to start finding these sites okay town hall news max like like you need to start going to these sites and looking at them because a couple things first off all your dream customers are there so you gotta figure out what they're thinking about second office you guys are looking at all the other ads that are there like I just go to these sites and just click on ads all day long you'll see like wow that was awesome I could do that ad but with my market I can look at a landing page it's cool I can funnel hack that and like this is where we're getting all our stuff for funnel hacking yeah we export all of our buyer lists we uh paid expiry equifax a whole bunch of money to go through and do a huge demographic profiling on them and we found out it was like 98% of our audience with conservative republicans uh bill glazer the same thing gkic got all done pulled it out conservative republicans did the same thing in uh survival market in finance market in a whole bunch markets the buyer data doesn't lie okay so you mass media now uh there's other site there's a there's a really cool site we test a lot of things on called arca max arca max is just a company that builds up newsletters they have like a health newsletter and they have a joke of the nade newsletter and they have a religious newsletter and they have all these sorts of weird ones right and you can go and you can rent uh things from them as well so it's arca max i'll make a list of a bunch of uh different places and post them in the in the facebook group see i can look deeper but um but i would just start to look i would start searching the republican news sites like that's that's where the majority of things are coming from and just look for them find them um you know the the talk show hosts glenn beck and they'll like look at their sites look at their things like there's um that's where the that's where the buyers are at okay mass media list uh and then the last thing and it's funny because i used to recommend this is the first thing now i don't so much anymore um last is list brokers in some markets there's really good list brokers in some markets there's really bad list brokers so like the financial market um i know really good list brokers awesome so if you guys are in that market ask me i can introduce you to him um in like the how to make money on the internet market there's like a thousand list brokers and i'll sell crap so like don't even use them and there's kind of like people in the middle there you got like uh dedicated emails dot com is uh is a list broker and they're they used to be amazing and then now they're kind of trend i don't know i haven't had as good experience now as we did like two years ago with them and so it's just it's harder like it's more and more people than buying emails these lists that were like golden lists because they only get like one or two solo ads a month or now i get like four or five a day like i don't know if you guys are on ryan and perry's list they read their list they're uh their um uh their survival list and i think they charge like 25 or 30 grand to send email out to that list and they mail like eight times a day which i would too if i was making that much right but like that list is not as good as it was when it was getting one today or once a week right so just mostly like some people are buying lists in in the mass markets like the quality is just dropped down dramatically and so that's why like i'd really find someone who has a real relationship with their list and they maybe do an ad once or twice a month versus a list broker list that's being brokered out and they're mailing it daily or multi times a day because just the quality is not quite as good so it takes a little more work the other ways but it's just uh the quality will be will be way better on that so yeah depends on each list because he's personally a different style right some people um it's just like some people it's just a banner ad they throw in the email some people it's like they're they uh they'll have a top section says hey um world net daily uh sponsored message uh wanted to show you this and there's like a block we even add and then underneath there's more articles for them and there's a lot every list is kind of different so kind of depends on what their format is and then uh and they'll tell you like okay and you can buy different spots sometimes you can buy the the top one third of the email plus the headline or sometimes you get the the middle block but not the head you know everyone's a little bit different i want the subject line i want the top like i want or the whole thing for sure i want as much real estate as possible i definitely want subject lines i want everyone opening it opening it because they want to click on my thing on the next page good questions okay so that's for any email lesson for me this is my favorite like i just i like it because i can get a quick i can get information really quick i buy an ad the ad goes out within the next within a day or two i got it i know like did it work did it not work did i make money i love his money did my page convert um and so like for us typically when we're launching something new first thing i'm gonna do is email because i want to get set a whole bunch of emails out find out conversion rates do my optimization do my conversions stuff and then what's done then i'll go out now let's go buy a banner ad now let's go do facebook ads i'll go do all these these other things but for me i like leading with with email i'm not i'm not not everyone agrees with that uh steve gray who spoke at one of our uh ignite meetings uh six months ago he's the opposite he goes banner ad he goes to site buys their banner ads like crazy they convert then he buys email ads so he works opposite of me but he's a he's a media bar he's a banner ad guy so everyone's kind of different but for me this is like where i lead with because it makes sense to me i get email i i just it it's easy so that's where i kind of focus that initially all right any other questions about email stuff like i said i'll list it in the members area a whole bunch of conservative sites we buy on i'll list a whole bunch i'll give a whole bunch of stuff so you guys can have the trail of where to kind of start out from the endless brokerage as well aren't you leaving more for them yeah a lot of them just because they're so cold i mean depends like if i don't offer like these guys are like hey when free gun and ammo i just go straight to that because it's like these guys are like freaking free guns and ammo for me it's a little bit harder right like i got to convince somebody they need a book about internet marketing you know like so that i got to have some process in place to get them it to create that desire before i show them the actual product