Anyway, I want to thank you guys for hanging out last days. I know we covered a lot of really cool stuff. We went deep a couple of times, deeper than probably some of you guys are used to in the marketing stuff, but hopefully you guys enjoyed it and got a lot of good ideas and tips and things out of it. So this presentation has nothing to do with funnel catch at all. It's just something I've been thinking a lot about, something we're implementing, and I thought it'd be fun to talk about. Usually when I talk about stuff in this kind of format, then it helps me to get things done faster. And so it's kind of taking my ideas and crystallizing them. And so I hope you guys don't mind that. So it's fun. So I want to talk about continuity hacks. How many of you guys currently have a continuity program in your business right now? Nice. How many of you guys don't, but would love to have one? Maybe you guys have one, but want a bigger one. How many of you guys just want more money? Whatever it takes, I'm in. All right, cool. Okay, so as I was thinking about this, I had a couple of questions. My first question was like, everyone's got something they really, really want in their life, right? So what are some things you guys really, really, really, really want? Live at the beach. Okay, that's a good one. Shall I write that on the board? So we got beach. Is this a burning man? Okay, burning man. I don't even know what that is, but it kind of creeps me out for some reason. I don't know if I want to know. Okay, the beach, burning man. Both of those you guys can get for really cheap, right? Like you just walked to the beach. You just light some things on fire in the desert. Lake house. Okay, now we're talking something that's actually cost money. All right, lake house. An RV? RV. RV, half a million dollar RV. Big RV. Your kids take care of a house. What? A castle. Castle. What is that? Jet. What? Jet. Oh, private jet. Okay, private jet. So you guys have little goals and you guys have really big goals. Okay. All right, so it's funny. I was listening to Tim Ferriss do a talk and it was kind of cool. He was talking about how a lot of times in our mind we have these things we want, right? I want this. And he says that anytime you give yourself what I want, just ask three wise and usually you figure out what you already have, what you really want. Why do you want to work at live at the beach? Like, because I want to like whatever. Then why do you do that? Why do you do that? And then you come down to like, oh, I just want this thing. Like, for me, my big goal, my big dream, my whole team knows what it is. Who here in my team knows what my dream was for forever? That's my house. My big house. Yeah. I just wanted my house. I want it forever, right? And my house is not, we got it. We moved in like three months ago. And have all you guys seen the pictures on Facebook like the wrestling room and stuff? So it's pretty fun, right? So it's completely ridiculous. My wife's still embarrassed about it, but it's awesome, right? And that's all I wanted, okay? And so most of us, like we have these big things, right? But it's like, for us to actually have those things, like the number's really big in our head, right? But the reality, if you break it down to like recurring, like how much does it cost per month to live on the beach? Three grand, okay? Like three K. To go to Burning Man, how much does that cost? Five thousand. Two to five. Two to five. Five thousand. Two to five. Two to five. Two to five divided by 12. So you're looking at monthly, monthly you're like a hundred bucks a month. All right. Okay, so a hundred bucks a month over there. The lake house, how much does your lake house monthly be? If you had no budget, what would it be? So a hundred to grand, you're looking at what? That four grand a month? House payment? Yeah. A four K a month, big QJARV? Half of the bucks you're looking at, what, 3,500 bucks a month? I can't read my handwriting. Something else. The castle, yeah, how much did your castle cost you? 25 million. Okay, we're not going to talk about castle link. That ruins my whole illustration I'm trying to get. Okay. All right, so my house, my house we bought for two million, right? Now who knows the monthly payment is not about two million bucks. Just shy of ten grand. So ten grand a month covers my thing. So that's number one, okay? Oh, question number two, I just gave the answer. So how much would it cost you per month to actually have that? Okay, so it's a good thing to figure out like what actually, like what your dreams actually are, what it's going to be, right? Because a lot of times we think two million dollar house, but I don't have to write a check for two million dollars. I just have to write a check for ten grand a month, right? So it's kind of cool. It's a down payment which sucks, but after that, saying care, it's just one number, right? So the third question is what's the monthly cost of your membership side or your continuity going to be? So what are you guys going to charge for your continuity? 25 bucks a month. 25 bucks a month, who else? 67, 14.95, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30, 30. So we have a 30-year thing. So we're going to charge, we have a 30-year thing, right? So click funnels, we're 97 a month, we have a new one coming out that is like 50 bucks a month. So you figure out what that is, the magic number, and then you have your big math equation. How many members do you have to have here to get what you want right here? Okay, so click funnels, 97 bucks a month, I have people I have to get to cover this. 100 times 97. So I only just want to get it right. What was that? So I only have 100 members in click funnels to live in a $2 million house. I just want to give you a perspective. It's really not that hard. That's why I like continuity, because that's kind of what it is. You figure out what your goal is, figure out what your monthly costs are, and how many members, how many people do you have to bring in to serve to actually get that thing. It's a lot less than most of us probably assume. Now, obviously we have hard costs, we have advertising costs, things like that. But when all is said and done, you don't need a membership site with 20,000 members to live a good life. It can be a lot smaller. A couple hundred people will set you for life. In fact, Dan Kennedy, when I went through a whole bunch of their training with their newsletter stuff, like they, for years, have run a print newsletter, a membership thing. And I can't remember if it's him or Bill Glazer, but one of them told me, they said that for every thousand members you have paying you a monthly thing, that should be worth $1 million a year in revenue to you. So that's like the metric. If you get a thousand members, you should be making about a million dollars a year off that. Can you just think, how does that work out? It has to do with what we talked about yesterday with the whole thousand true fans, right? So thousand true fans who are paying you whatever, $97 a month or $50 a month. But then if you have a thousand people in your continuity, that means there's a whole bunch more that are in this world as well. Plus these people are the ones typically who are buying your upgraded things, your other coaching things, more expensive. So this number, if you get a point where you got a thousand members, which we could call, like we talked about earlier, thousand true fans, if you defined a true fan as someone who's paying you monthly to be part of your thing, that should be about a million dollars a year in revenue. So that's kind of a metric to look at, right? We think about that with, we always talk about email lists, like you should average at least $1 per month per subscriber on your list. And then this is another cool metric to aspire towards. A thousand active members should be a million dollars a month in your bank account. Okay. So how do we get a bunch of members? That's something I've been thinking a lot about over the last, probably a year or so. In the past, we used to run big, huge continuity programs. We do free plus shipping offers, put people on a forced continuity, we made a bunch of money. Then I found out people didn't like us very much. And so we stopped doing forced continuity programs. And so when we did that, though, we had membership sites of seven, eight, nine thousand people at a time paying a lot of money, and they were awesome. But the customer experience wasn't that good. So we hadn't run membership sites like that for, man, for a long time, for probably six or seven years. And so I kind of steered away from continuity a lot. When ClickFills came around, obviously it's continuity. It's been awesome. We loved it. And I've been thinking, like, how do I bring back some other continuity? Because I really enjoyed it. I enjoyed the relationship with people that were in our programs. So how do we do it in a way that's really ethical, that's awesome, that people love the process and they really get a lot of value out of it? And so I've been watching some of the people who have done this really well lately. My favorite one to show and talk about is Ryan and Perry's continuity program. So I'm going to show you guys their process. How many of you guys have bought the credit card knife at least once? That's it? What? The lighter. The lighter? Can you have out the paracord bracelet? Any of their survival life front end products? Really? Man, I think I have at least a hundred credit card knives. So I'm going to walk you through the process because this is worth funnel hacking. Right now they're doing $1.7 million a month in continuity from this funnel. So it's worth funnel hacking. In fact, I just bought it again during the break just because it was fun. And it cost me $4.95. So their free play shipping friend and offer is this. It's a credit card knife. Costs 30 cents in China for this credit card knife. You fold it up, it turns into a knife like this, and then you can stab people with them. Or open letters or whatever people do. If you got them out of office, these are everywhere. I really have ordered hundreds of these. Everyone's got them on their desk. If you're ever in my office and someone comes in to try to do something to you, just put their hands, grab, there's a credit card knife you can grab and stab someone real quick. So this is it. One of their content articles, actually, they push out to the networks and stuff, talks about how TSA has confiscated more credit card knives than any other thing in history. I'm crazy like that because they're putting their credit cards in the organ and things. So this is their credit card knife. Now, I'm sure it's like a Perry Belcher thing. He's one of the smartest people I ever met. But Foundry Things in China, super cheap. Put them up on Facebook. Month one, they sold 130,000 of them. 130,000 buyers added to their list the very first month, and then Facebook kicked them off because they didn't want to sell knives on their list. But they figured something out, right? People like credit card knives. And they were trying a million ways to monetize. It's like, okay, we sold a whole bunch of free credit card knives. How do we make money off these people? And so I've been watching this one, Funnel Hactum. Man, over the last two years, hundreds of times because they keep evolving and changing and tweaking it. And recently, it's kind of settled in kind of the sweet zone. And what they're doing is amazing. So first off is credit card knife. Now, the model that they do, they call it going freemium, freemium to premium. Okay, so freemium to premium. So this is a free knife. Now the second page, after I buy the free knife, the other thing they did cool, two Christmases ago, they did a thing where every credit card knife you gave away, you got 10 bucks to Philly Commission. They knew their numbers. Did anyone remember that campaign? Or anyone participating in that? So I sent this out to my internet marketing list. I was like, hey, I bought you guys a Christmas present. It's a free credit card knife. We made like, I don't know, like 10 grand for Christmas just by giving away free knives. It was awesome. So they had insane amounts of Philly's promoting and push. It was like, I mean, hundreds and hundreds of thousands of these things they gave away. All right, so that's the step one is to get the credit card knife, right? How many of us think you could write credit, write copy for a credit card knife, free credit card knife? Yeah. Hey, who wants a free credit card knife? Just tell us where to ship it. We'll ship you one. Okay, that's the level copy. Yeah, they charge I think 4.95 shipping or 3.95 or something like that. Yeah, so that's step number one. Page number two now is they take you from freemium to premium. And if you watch this video, it says, hey, you just got the free credit card knife. It's super awesome. It gets what's even awesome. This knife is even awesome. How would you guys like this knife? And knife people are like, oh, yeah, I want that knife. This knife sucks. This knife is awesome, right? And so this is their upstair. This is their premium, right? So they say, if you want the sweet knife and that's called the Hofer Richter, this is like their brand. In fact, they said this is the number one top selling knife in the world right now. And it's just a brand that Ryan and Perry made up. So anyway, so if you want the Hofer Richter knife, it's amazing, right? And everyone's like, yes, I want the knife. It says this is the deal. We'll send it to you for free. You'll send it to me for free. That's amazing. But you only get it for free if you join our Family Protection Association. This is our association right here. And if you join the association, we will give you this sweet knife right here for free. I want to join this. I want a knife. Association sounds sweet. Like I'm into knives. And these guys probably own the knives. They're enjoying the continuity program. Now for them, they bill you, when you buy the knife, they pay you $10 shipping and handling right now. And they get a 14-day trial. And after 14 days, you can bill $20 a month to be part of their membership site. So you buy it. You get the knife. And you get this cool kit in the mail. It's just sweet. You get the kit that shows up. Inside there's got your card. So this is my official and an FPA member, which means I'm never alone. That's what it says. They get special discounts and perks. I got a little sticker that I can put on my window, I guess. And some things. But that's it, right? So I get this little box. But it feels awesome. I was like, dude, I'm part of the Family Protection Association. How sweet is that? I got the cool knife. And right now I'm paying $20 a month. And I haven't for a while. I keep forgetting to cancel. It's $20 a month. And there's probably a cool membership site with a bunch of stuff. Honestly, I don't really know. I just went through the sales process. So that's step number two. And the process is going from freemium to premium. Now, the third step is they're trying to cover their ad costs now. Because so far they've made any money, free plus shipping, $10 shipping. But no money's actually happened yet. I put them on a 14-day trial. But I haven't actually made any money. So I want to make my money back. So then the third is kind of an offer where you try to break even. This is like your break even offer. And third offer for them is this battery power. Something, I don't even know. It changes every time I buy. It's kind of different. But this one today I just bought is this battery. I think it was like $60 for this battery thing. So that's the third product in their upsell. And again, their goal on the third offer is not to make money. It's just to break even. And so what happens is, where did my little laser go? All right. What happens is when people come here, all these customers are falling down here into continuity. Right? And that's it. So they went from having this no-name brand to now they do over $1.7 million a month in continuity just from this little funnel. Now what's interesting is that they have the credit card and I funnel. But then they took this exact same funnel, right? And then they tweeted. They made one that's a free paracord bracelet. And they did that and then ran it on Facebook. But the rest of the funnel is very similar. And they got this thing that if you're stuck in your car and you can't get your seatbelt out of your car, it's blowing up on fire. It'll cut your seatbelt. Yeah. So I got one of those. Then they have a bill of rights so that if the cop pulls you over, you can pull your bill of rights out of your pocket and read it to them, I guess. They've got all these little free-plus shipping front end things. They get people in. I think they've got probably a dozen or more of them. They have a flashlight. They've got a whole bunch of them. So that's pretty cool, right? So I like that model. That concept is really, really cool. It got me excited. Now, in this business, I don't have physical products, but it got me excited. How many of you guys have watched any of the Funnel Hacker TV episodes that I've done? I've only done two. I need to do more of them. I actually recorded a bunch. I haven't been online yet. The second episode was from Trey Llewell, who, unfortunately, he's not here today. He's part of Ignite End Inner Circle. But he's got some, I can't remember what it's called, something he's doing this weekend. So he wasn't able to come. But he kind of took this. He saw this model. He's like, I think this works good. I want to do that, too. But I'm going to do it in the gun market. So he went over to the gun market. And on the Funnel Hacker TV episode, he walked through the whole funnel. Basically, it's almost identical. So he came here. He gives away a free one-ounce thing of gun oil. So who wants, like, what kind of person wants gun oil? People that sell guns, right? So they do the free gun oil. They click on the button. And then they upsell more gun oil, premium to premium. But if you want more of his gun oil for free, you got to sign up for his NGOA, which stands for the National Gun Owners Association. So he's the proud owner. Guess how you start an association? You just say, I started an association. So they're maybe an official way, but I don't think Trey did one. He just said, I'm part of the NGOA. So we started the NGOA. All you got to do is you pay an extra dollar right here. And then he ships you out more oil. And then afterwards, he bills you $38.60 per month. Why do you think he charges $38.60 per month? I have no idea. That's such a weird number. I thought it was weird. I asked him. He's like, I don't know. So he charges $38.60 per month, which is double this, which is kind of cool. So more money, right? And then after that, then he's got his upsell to try to break even. So his upsell here is a gun cleaning kit. If you guys watched the episode, it's so funny. I was like, how did you find the gun cleaning kit? He's like, oh, this is what I did. I walked out the door, and I walked to Walmart. I walked out of the gun section. I was looking around, and there were some gun cleaning kits. And they were like $20. I was like, I'd probably pay about $60 for this. So I bought all of them on the shelf, went back, took a picture of them, threw them in the upsell, and people started buying them. Then we just go to Walmart, and we drop shipping from Walmart. And then after a while, we found out it was a good offer. So then I went and ordered them and got them really cheap, and now that's our offer. But he didn't sit around waiting for like, I go to China and drop, order home as a gun kits, and he just went to see if people would buy it first, which there's a big lesson just in the end of that. When we launched NURVCELL the first time, I don't know if I should tell myself, but we had NURVCELL working, and then we had no upsells at all. We needed an upsell, and so Todd was in Boise. Todd's the developer of ClickFunnels, and it was like one o'clock in the morning. We were like, we need some upsells. We had upsells that didn't make money. So we went online. We were trying to find an upsell we could sell. We found these people that had a nerve cream called NoxyCare. We were like, cool, people buy a NURVCELL, helps their nerves. NoxyCare, be creamed for their nerves. So I went to the site and bought 100 bottles of NoxyCare, hadn't shipped to our warehouse. And then I woke up one of my designers, and I'm like, I need a little bottle, and I bought a domain called NURVMEN. I'm like, I need a bottle design that says NURVMEN on it. So he designed a real quick bottle. We threw it up on the page, and I made a real quick video about NURVMEN, and we plugged that in the upsell flow, and then we passed out, and I went to bed. We woke up in the morning, and we'd sold like 40 of them overnight. And I was like, sweet. So people were buying NURVMEN, which was our branded name, but then we only had NoxyCare, so we were shipping out this other product. No one ever said anything. No one ever asked. No one even knows what they're buying most of the time. So we're shipping out NoxyCare, and after a day or two, we're like, OK, people are buying this. The upsell rate's awesome, so we call the company like, hey, we need you guys to make some cream. We're shipping out a bottle of this thing called NoxyCare. You need to turn it into NURVMEN, and so they looked at the ingredients, formulated it, and boom, we ordered a couple thousand bottles, and then we were in the skincare business. But I didn't do that until I knew that people were going to buy it, sending with Trey here. So just kind of a cool way to get stuff done before it's going to be done. All right, so this is Trey's model. He's got the gun oil. He's got shooting targets. He's got some weird things that I don't know what they are, and a whole bunch of stuff. He's got probably 10 different front ends or more. On his interview, he told me that his goal was to launch a new funnel every week. That's their company thing. Like, every week, we need to launch a new funnel inside of ClickFunnels and a new front end. The upsells are pretty much the same, but just new front end over it. So every week, they're like, new thing, new thing, new thing. They test it. The ones that suck, they get rid of the ones that work, they just keep blowing it up, keep driving traffic to it. Which I think is a good, it's a whole like, Apple a day concept, like a funnel a week, which is pretty cool. And Trey, I'd say, is probably, of everyone using ClickFunnels, probably has the most transactions every single day. He's got a dedicated support person to help him export orders. It's crazy, but they are selling so many of these things, it's just nuts. In their membership site, I think right now, they've got three or 4,000 people in their membership site, and his goal is to get up to 10,000 people. He's cranking, he's going to be there really soon. But same kind of concept. And in his membership site, same thing, it's a digital newsletter and some other things and I don't know what else, but I think that's about it. Any questions about that at all? You guys see the patterns? It's what I find a lot of people, I like seeing the patterns, like, wow, premium, premium, offer, break even. Premium, premium, offer, break even, getting people in the continuity. So I started looking at this thing, okay, in the businesses I'm in, like, what, how can I replicate that concept and kind of do something similar? And so we've got a newsletter that we run in the Dotcom Secrets Company, and so that's kind of all I wanted to do. We've got a physical newsletter. How many of you guys get the physical newsletter? Cool. We've got a physical newsletter and then we've got a membership site that kind of goes with that. And so for those of you guys who are selling info products like me or want to have an info thing, this is just my dizz that I'm doing that might hopefully kind of help you. So the first thing I want to mention on this is, I think it's important to kind of figure out, like, we talked about, yes, like, finding your voice, like, how are you publishing content? What's your process? And for me, like, I never really had a good one. We ran a print newsletter for, like, six and a half, seven years, it was just like articles and we sent them out. It was good, but it wasn't, like, amazing. I think that the launch of the Dotcom Secrets Book with little hand sketch and that kind of concept kind of has become me and, like, how I publish stuff now. So if you look at everything in this process, it's all based on, like, hand sketch drawings, right? If you look at the middle of this funnel, this is my membership site. The content inside of here is hand sketch drawings with videos of me going deep into, like, what and why and how and kind of those things, right? And so each month, there's basically two, there's a newsletter, there's a newsletter that goes over a couple cool split tests that ran that month and then there's a video going deep into one of our scripts or one of our trains. So that's kind of what's inside of our members right now. And so we've been running this now for, like, six or seven months. So we've got six or seven months worth of stuff in there, right? A whole bunch of really cool things. And each one of these things, when I'm creating them, I'm creating them knowing that I want each one to stand alone as its own front end. Okay, so I'm just like random article or random video or anything or just, you know, a newsletter with a whole bunch of random stuff. Everything is very focused on one thing so I can break that out and it can become its very own front end, right? I want to be able to have a singular sales letter to sell any of my newsletters or any of the DVDs that go with, you know, DVDs and scripts. Like if you notice each month when you get it or if you log in the members area, which you guys all should have access to this as well, like each newsletter is focused on, not just like, here's like five cool tests, it's like, here's all the tests we did for our webinar follow-up sequence. So now I can turn that into products like, hey, who wants to know all my webinar follow-up sequence? That can be its own front end. You know, so everything stands in and of itself. That kind of makes sense. Okay? And there's, again, there's method to that. You'll see here. Okay? So that's what I'm taking everyone there as a membership site. Now I'm pulling out a piece, right? So for example, perfect webinar is one of our best-selling free plus shipping things ever. Like it's a piece of paper and a DVD that kind of explains the paper, but it's a piece of paper when all said and done, right? And it's sold, man, over 10,000 copies. Like it's one of our best-selling things, right? So it's just one example. But again, well, I'll go through the ones, right? So we got perfect webinar is the first thing, right? There's my freemium. And then from there, my upsell is my premium, where they get basically whole packet full of DVDs and CDs and scripts and just a big, like, a whole bunch more stuff, right? So it's like my info kit. And then the third. Yeah. So this is a free info kit. When they sign up for it, then they get put into the $50 a month newsletter slash membership site. And then my third thing is that I have an upsell right here. And this one, I think I sell for $297. $297. This is my offer to try to break even on my ad costs. Now what I'm trying to do, and this won't work for all of them, but like for example, this one right here, this is the perfect webinar script. And then this upsell right here is the perfect webinar seminar we did, which is like two or three days. We're at that event. We did the webinar on stage. We closed everyone you guys all watch. Yeah. So it's the recordings of that event. And so these are very, very congruent. So the conversion is really good. Some things I don't have like an event there. So it's more of like a generic thing. But same concept is, premium, premium, offer to break even on ad costs. And my goal is if I can break even through here, boom, a customer drops down here. I added $50 a month to my bottom line. Okay. So what you guys will watch me do, so I'm telling them what I'm going to do, and you'll see this every two weeks from now until next January when you come back. And you're like, Russell, you told us about this. We saw it. So we've got perfect webinar that's already working. And then I'll be pulling out right here, StarStoreSolution, which is three pieces of paper and a CD. So StarStoreSolution will become a new front end right here, same upsell. And I'm not sure where the upsell here will be. Push people in here. And then I've got my OTO Bump script, which will be right here. Boom, boom, boom. Last month I did a DVD on our webinar follow-up sequence, not a DVD, but an eight-page newsletter on the follow-up sequence. That'll become a free plus shipping. Boom, same thing, same thing. Every two weeks, I'm coming out with a brand new front end. And that front end will go out there, and then it'll bring new people in to the thing. So are you guys getting this so far? Is this kind of cool? Okay. So I want to tie this to everything I was talking about last two days, because it's all the same thing for me, right? So if you look at, again, the voice I'm trying to define here, which is like the hands-kiss drawings, hands-kiss drawings, hands-kiss drawings. When I go to the content side, we're going one step back even further. And the way that I'm promoting this, outside of obviously I'm an email list, I'm going to have Facebook ads going to here. So then on top of that, for every free plus shipping, I'm going to take, how do I explain this really easily? So here's like my perfect webinar one, right? Perfect webinar. So I've got this part here, here's my three secrets, here's my stack, here's my close, here's like 13 different closes. So you guys have all seen this a million times, right? So now what I'm going to do is for my, what should I blog about today? So I'm going to be like, okay, I'm going to take out close number one. I'm going to write a blog post right here called One of My 13 Best Closes. I'm going to make a little cool little doodle image like this, talking about that. I'll post it on my blog. And it'll be one of my 13 things to get the rest of them for free, go over here to perfect webinar, get the free script, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, into the thing. Okay, and then the next day, what should I blog about today? I'm going to pull out how I do beliefs. Pull that out, make an image on that, write an article, post it on the blog. John takes that, blows it up, drives it all over the place. Push people back to here, boom. And then the next day I'll pull out close number two. And so for during that two week period of time, when we launch it for two weeks, we'll be focusing on doing a whole bunch of stuff. Every day or every other day, I'm not sure. Hopefully, as often as I'm able to do, we'll have a different blog post pulling out just a piece of this, putting these things out there. And that's all content I'm pushing into, into that front end, which puts people in continuity, which puts people all the way down through. That makes sense? And that's what I'm doing. So it's $50 a month, right? So it's $50 a month. Each month they get a newsletter and then a script and a DVD. So this comes back. So there's two things they get each month, right? Remember I told you each month I'm trying to launch two front ends? So I got to create the content anyway. And I pull out this becomes one front end, two weeks later this becomes the second front end. Next month I create my new content, boom, boom. That becomes front end, second front end, and just this is the process, right? That's funny, I've been looking at myself and probably a lot of us, how many of you guys do, I'm guilty, probably worse than any of you guys. We're doing this and we're doing this and we're all over the place doing things. I look at, when I'll send them, what are we? We're publishing companies, right? Real publishing companies, they have a schedule, they have things, and there's a process they follow and I've never been there. I'm like, oh, let's just throw that against the wall and let's throw it, whatever it is. And I'm trying, how do we systemize this? We know the model, we know what works. And the real reason why it stops making money is because we run off to a new project, right? So how to make it so it's a consistent type thing. And if I say, look, I know that every month I got to create two pieces of content and that's done, I got to create a front end and a front end and I'm done. And then throughout the day, pull out pieces to blog. Now I have a publishing schedule and what's cool is that if I create this, my team can pull out things to make the content. You know what I mean? I've already recorded the whole thing. I don't have to go read write a whole blog post, hope they have people that can take that. They've heard me say they can take it, rewrite it, boom. Now we've got the pieces and we can build an actually publishing schedule. So I think for all of us, at least on our side, we're trying to get really good, like, this is our publishing schedule and if we build a publishing model and look at trade, once a week he's launching a new funnel and they're crushing it. They're going to be at 10,000 members by January when you guys see me. When you guys come next January, I might guess it'll be 10,000 members paying him 40 bucks a month. That's 400 grand a month in continuity for him and his team. It's awesome because he's got a schedule once a week, once a week, once a week. How do we get people to stick in here, right? The second part, like, what we're doing is we're also opening up a new part which is our software part for DotCom Secret. So I told you guys yesterday about the quiz software we created, right? So the quiz software is the DotCom Secret software product. So it'll be in there for people. We're creating a whole bunch of little, like, little mini software products. Kind of like, if you guys watched AppSumo, not AppSumo, what is it, it's Nose Other Company. Sumo something. Not SumoMe, I think. Yeah, SumoMe. So what he's done is he's created a whole bunch of these little front-end software to get you into his whole world, right? And so what we're doing now is the same kind of thing. There's a whole bunch of little software tools that I've kind of created for myself that I just use that are awesome to get stuff done, right? Outside of ClickFunnels. So, like, for example, if you guys open my emails and you see all my emails have, like, a picture with, like, a little play button in the middle of it, you guys are like, how do you do that? Like, I want to just put a plate. Like, isn't that annoying? Like, it seems so easy, but how do you do it, right? So I just built this, I might do Doral in Romain. He made this little script. I grab any image off my desktop. I pull in the middle. There's, like, 10 different play buttons. I click what I want. I say what size I want the picture. I click a button and it uploads it to Amazon. I got an image and I just link to it in my email. It takes, like, two seconds. It's not just going to be, like, one little app inside of here, right? And then the quiz software. So we're just going to have a bunch of little apps that, like, make life easier that kind of go inside of here. And that'll be part of the membership size as well. So those are added benefits, two reasons. One, to increase stick rate. And number two, so that people don't just, I'm just going to go buy everything else out here. So that's kind of the main other thing there. So and this is why I know a lot of people that make tons of money, continuity income, off cold traffic, but it's hard to do it. And typically if continuity is your first sale, typically it's not a good, like, a lot of them can screw up your relationship with your customer. Like, back in the day, like, I saw the effects of our company. We had a lot of, like, free plus shipping offers and putting people in the forced continuity. And, like, when that's their first relationship, they can build and they're confused. You look at my headlines on these, if I have another thing. My headline, I can't see it, it's very, like, it's, I'm as clear as humanly possible as continuity. In fact, my headline, I think it says, join our $50 a month newsletter and, like, I call it the $50 a month newsletter. Because I don't want, like, I don't want to screw up a relationship. Because I'm like, what, you build me? Like, yeah, like, the headline said you were going to get build. Like, I tried to make it as clear as humanly possible. Or they're going to have lower conversion, happier people. So for me, like, I'm a very big believer on, like, the first, typically the first interaction with someone shouldn't be continuity, but the second or, you know, other ones in the funnel are. Which is why I do like this model, right? Because you're not saying, here, get a free credit card knife and we'll give you a free trial to the family protection. You know what I mean? Like, which is absolutely what people did for years. It's saying, here's this really cool thing here for free. Awesome transactions done now. Hey, cool, you got the first transaction. You do want to be part of this. We got something even cooler for you. You know what I mean? That kind of a concept. So, which is why you most, none of mine are leading with the continuity. Okay? So for ClickFunnels, for the first year of our business, we just have like this long form like, like, SAS sales letter style sales letter, right? And because we're like, every good SAS company's got a good SAS sales letter on their homepage, right? So that's what we should do. We're funnel hacking all these people, right? So we had that and like, our conversions were all right, but they're never great. So we're just like, that's what everyone else says, that's what we'll do. Then we hired Neil Patel, who's got a whole bunch of SAS sites and everything. And he's like, your guys' conversion rate sucks on your page. I'm like, yeah. And then I showed him our webinar registration page. He's like, what's your conversions on that? I'm like, oh, you know, most traffic sources are about 70% opt-in rate. He's like, why don't you make that your homepage? Like you can't make a webinar registration page your homepage. It doesn't make any sense. He's like, but you're getting like nothing over here and 70% here. Why don't you just do it? We literally for like three hours sat there back and forth fighting about it. And then finally Todd's like, screwed, I'm just going to test it. I'm like, I don't want to test it. That's embarrassing. No one goes to a homepage of a company sees a webinar registration page. That's like the stupidest thing in the world. And Todd's like, I'm testing it. I'm like, whatever. So he sets up a test. We go to bed at night, come back in the morning. And it has made us on average about $70,000 to $80,000 a week in brand new income that we never even knew about. So if you go to click phones.com now, you guys may have noticed that the homepage, all it is, is a big old webinar registration page. If you guys know, is there anyone who looked at it and like, why would you do that, Russell? You're so stupid. You don't have a webinar registration page as a homepage. The reason is the extra $80,000 a week that it's out of Torb Bottom Lines. So it's been awesome. I text Mike, or I was voxing Mike Filstein the other day. He's got webinar jam. And he was like, he'd voxed me, hey, we did this thing on the webinar jam page that increased our conversions by 11%. I was like, oh yeah, we treat ours in a webinar registration page, add an extra $80,000 a week into our income. He's like, what? And he was like, I wish I could have played the vox for you. He's like, that is the stupidest, most brilliant thing I've ever heard. It was like two o'clock in the morning. He's like, I'm calling Andy to wake him up because it doesn't make any sense, but that's freaking huge. I dropped an F bomb, and it was like two in the morning in my bed. I'm like, why is my wife not here? He's going crazy. And I have a call with them tonight trying to walk through the process. They're changing all webinar jam registration into a webinar registration page. We know webinar sales, but it's just funny we haven't. So dot com, secrets dot com, which this has been my homepage forever. It's like, hey, click here to opt in. So when the new webinar sells, our continuity is finished, this will become a webinar registration page as well. The button on here will be getting people to register for the dot com secrets webinar, where I'm going to show you my weird marketing experiments, and then boom, get people in the continuity from there as well. Oh yeah, it's a webinar. I didn't realize he changed that. That makes my day. I wonder if Quick Sprouts that way too. Yeah, I was telling them afterwards our numbers. I wonder if he's turning Quick Sprout into a webinar registration page. Oh yeah. Okay, but this is funny too. This is the one we talked about surveys the other day. Check this out. You want more website traffic? So let's just say I was the owner of Google. Yes, I want more website traffic. Oh, it makes me long enough to forget. The last one did make you do that. I don't know my password on this one. Anyway, it goes through this little algorithm and things like, oh, we found 17 errors on your website. Fill out this form for free consultation, which brings you into this coaching funnel. And it's just like, I put in Google, eBay, I put every site that's perfect. And then anyway, it was pretty funny. Again, I'm sure you guys know. So that is kind of the process. So between us building out front end funnels to bring people in, turning our home pages into webinar registration pages to sell, we'll be selling basically this for $497.00. So I'll get a year access to the newsletter, to the membership site, the software, everything like that. That's how we're going to be building up the continuity program. And my goal personally is by our next meeting to have 5,000 people in there, which we're almost at 1,000 right now. So to be almost six times increase to get people in there. So that's my goal. I'm coming in to you guys that by January, we should have some awesome stuff happening on that site. If that's the model, that's the process, that's what we're doing. Is that a recorded webinar? Are you doing a live? It'll be live the first time, and it'll be auto webinar from that point forward. Yeah. Any other questions about this at all? We have a live one that goes, well, it's a kind of, it's go to webinar, but there's someone that pushes play on it every Wednesday right now. And then that one happens, and then we do usually one or two a week with different partners. And usually that'll be on a Thursday. And so they'll promote our Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, we do the webinar. Friday we do a replay, and then Saturday, Sunday we do a bunch of follow-ups, and then close out on Sunday. In fact, if you log into the Dotcom Secrets Members' Area, last month's newsletter went through page by page, emailed by email, and showed you every single thing in there. So how many of you guys have ever logged into the Dotcom Secrets Membership Area? A few of you guys. This is awesome in there. I keep adding cool stuff for you guys. It's going to keep getting better and better. Like I said, the quiz survey software will be in there, hopefully. As long as the beta test next week goes live, hopefully within a couple of weeks that'll be in there, you guys can start building out surveys, funnels, image up letters, throw your play button, just everything, all the cool little weird tricky things we use we're going to throw in there and you guys play with in half. So what I'm going to do is, first off, I just want to thank you guys all for making the commitment. First off, to join the coaching program and being here. I know that it's not a small financial commitment. I know you put trust in us, me and my team and everybody to coach you and guide you and help you in the right way. I just want to thank you guys for putting that trust in us. We don't take that lightly at all, as you can hopefully see from this and from everything we try to do for you guys. But if you guys, our team is amazing. I love you guys. Can everyone give a round of applause for Brent and John and everyone who's kind of done this? It's awesome. Well, I am so grateful for you guys. I told you guys this before, but one of my favorite things about this is I have a chance to live my entrepreneurial ADD through all of you guys. I don't have to go launch every one of your companies. I get to watch you guys and kind of participate and be part of it, which is good for me. It's like therapy for me, so it's really good. I appreciate you guys letting me do that. For those who are in the mastermind tomorrow, mastermind starts at 9 a.m. We're on the third floor. We'll be on the third floor tomorrow, and then that's happening Friday and Saturday. For all of you guys, Monday, we start with the Ignite 10-week program. We'll be getting out an email to Christian. Probably send an email to you guys Friday or Saturday with kind of a schedule. Each week we'll send out one. It has all the phone call and number, all the stuff for the weeks you'll have it. Those calendars, by the way, he scheduled dates on Christmas and Thanksgiving, so it's flexible. I'm not wearing shoes right now. Time's going to be moving around. Just be cool with it, and if you're trying to look for a structured schedule, it's never going to happen, but I promise you we'll get where we need to go. It'll be fun. I was teasing Mike. He posted on the Facebook group, like, what's the schedule for Boise? I'm like, I don't even know yet. Come on now. It turned out great, right? Our goal is to do what you guys exactly need, and that's what we're always trying to do. It'll be flexible. Some Mondays I might have a kid thing that I have to do and might move on Tuesday, but that schedule is kind of ish what we're going to be doing. That'll be going for the next 10 weeks. It's going to be a lot of fun. I encourage you guys to play full out. Be part of that. Be engaged. Do the trainings. Create the funnels, and if you do that, they're in the process. You'll come out with something really, really cool on the other end. I want you guys not only just to do it, but like, get engaged in the Facebook group. You guys, hopefully you guys have gotten to know each other the last two days, and this is an amazing group. Leverage off each other's talents and things like that, because you guys are some amazing people. I'm just honored that you guys are here in this room with us. Other than that, we are done for the day, and I'll see most of you guys again in January. It'll be awesome. Thanks everybody.