Hey, this is Russell again, and I was actually just putting the finishing touches on the High Tickets Seekers webinar and putting it into the offer for this coaching program. I was trying to think like, how do we make this the most irresistible offer in the world? How do I make it so that you'd be crazy not to say yes? So if you're in the members area right now, it means that you did say yes. You're intelligent enough to understand the value of what we're offering. And so you're here, and I wanted to make this the most complete system for you as possible. And so as you know, we already helped kind of set up your two-step funnel, which if you already have traffic and already have business right now, you can just plug that in to wherever your existing traffic streams, and the two-step funnel will automatically start generating leads and applications for your call center. Okay? Now in this program, we also helped you find your staff, how to set up your call center, train your staff, plus giving you guys the resources to continually train that staff over and over and over again. And so really the last missing piece, I think, is for people who may not be able to drive their own traffic right now, or maybe they want more traffic. And so I was trying to think like, what should we do? Should we go and do a bunch of training modules on how to drive traffic? And I realized that, you know, I don't think that's going to benefit you nearly as much as if I give you guys this special gift. We have a product that we sell internally here called our Instant Traffic Hacks. We sold it for up to $1,000. And what it is, is, you know, in most companies, you know, a lot of people get in there and the entrepreneur is trying to do everything. You know, like I told you guys earlier, the high ticket stuff that a lot of people are teaching the entrepreneur, you need to be driving leads and calling on the phone and doing the coaching. And I just don't agree with that. You know, I signed up for this business not so I would be, you know, in the business 24 hours a day for it to make money. You know, I started this business to be an entrepreneur and kind of be able to step out and to find people. And you know, one of my goals is to become an absentee owner, right? I want to be, I don't want to be here. I want to have people and systems and places running everything. And so a long time ago, I started, when we started driving traffic to our websites, I really sat back and said, look, traffic is one of those things that, that me as the entrepreneur, I don't need to be doing it. And there's parts of what I do because I just love it. Like it's really fun for me. But traffic is a very mechanical thing. Okay. It's not like copywriting or, you know, things like that that take kind of an artistic thing. Traffic is very, very systemizable. And so what we've been doing for almost 10 years now, probably eight years, eight years ago, we started setting up these traffic systems inside of our, inside of our company. So when we found a way to drive traffic that would work, we'd create a little system and that way we could either outsource it to, to that third, you know, to, to somebody to, to run for us. Or if we hired a new staff member, we could come in and show them the training videos and they would know what to do. And so that's kind of what we created. And for a long time, we had all these traffic systems and recently went back through them all. And some of them were updated, were outdated. A lot of the SEO ones no longer relevant. And I started looking at like, what do, what do we actually do to drive traffic in our company? Now, if you know anything about our company, we, we sell a lot of different things. We sell supplements, we sell coaching, we sell info products, we sell, you know, kind of a wide gamut of things. But I looked at it and it really broke down to there were only about seven things that we do to drive traffic. And so I started going back through that and I said, look, let's, let's redo this. Let's really focus on not like every way that it's possible to drive traffic, but just the ways that actually work, the ways that are actually worth spending time and effort on. And, and so we went back through and kind of started creating these new videos that just focused on what's working now. And we created a membership site called Instant Traffic Hacks that basically has all of these traffic hacks that we use inside of our, inside of our business. And so, like I said, we sold this in the past for up to $1,000. But I thought, you know, if, if the one thing keeping you from success is adding more fuel to your high ticket business, let's just give this to you right now. I want you guys to have the ability to drive traffic so you can start growing and scaling your, your business. And so I'm going to give you guys this gift of access to Instant Traffic Hacks. Now I want you to, again, when you, when you get in there, realize that this is a product that other people have spent a lot of money on and you guys are getting as a gift, but also realize that, you know, it's, it's not so much like the, all the modules on Facebook, they weren't created to teach you how, you know, all the theory behind Facebook advertising, it just shows you what we do and what works. And so that's kind of their, their shorter videos, but they're very powerful, they're very much the point. You can look at them, follow them, model them and implement them in your business. And what's cool is the Instant Traffic Hacks members are always updated. So if Facebook changed an algorithm or if email marketing changes, or if solo ads, you know, whatever, whatever systems we're using, if they change, we update them in that members area as well. Feel comfortable knowing that this is an ever-evolving members area that's always up to date with what's working right now. And so that's kind of it, you guys. So if you're looking for fuel, you're looking for more ways to drive traffic and leads and applications into your high ticket business, Instant Traffic Hacks will give you literally unlimited traffic. This is what we use in all of our companies. And now you guys can use as well. So down below the Shabee Link, you click on that, it'll create you an account inside that members area. It'll kind of like this members area and you have access to all that cool stuff. So hope that helps you guys out a ton. Appreciate you being part of this training and hope you enjoy this unadvertised. Well, I might advertise it, but this special bonus I think is going to help you out a ton. Thanks, you guys.