And John is a public speaking coach. I know. And he said, hey, if you guys noticed something happening over the last couple of days, I was like, yeah. He's like, if you notice the speaker is all speaking, they all sell something, you notice how much money they're all making? I was like, yeah, I'm freaking out. He's like, this is the world called public speaking. And it's different the way you think. He's like, there's two ways to make money as a speaker. One is you can be rich and famous. And he's talking about these rich and famous people. He's like, but if you're rich and famous, you make like $50,000 for keynote, maybe $100,000 if you're really big. He's like, or you can be not rich, not famous, and you learn how to do one to many selling, okay? And you can make way more money than any celebrity. And he started talking about his stats, his numbers. I can spoke at this event. I made 500 guys spoke at this event, made 300 guys sharing these numbers. I was just like, this is insane. I got to figure out how to do this. Right? That was my first thing. I got to figure out how to sell. Like I've seen it now. I've seen like, like my whole paradigm, my world is destroyed now. I can't ever go back to being normal. Yeah, it's like the whole like red pill, blue pill thing. I was like, I have the thing. I was like, okay, this is the new reality. My life will never be the same. Right? So I'm like, okay, I have to figure this out. So I go home and start watching videos, people presenting. I remember thinking, I'm like, man, these guys aren't like, yeah, they're good presenters, but they're not that smart. I know way more than them. Like five hours on stage, I was so much, I could teach so many better things. I had no better how to get traffic. I was like, I want to be the guy. Right? And then one day, one of my friends calls me up, he's like, Hey, I'm doing a seminar. Do you want to speak at it? I was like, Yes, I do. That would be amazing. He's like, cool, come in and make an offer, you know, speak and make an offer. So I'm like, Okay, this is gonna be awesome. I remember making a presentation. I was like, Okay, my goal is not to make a presentation. It's so good. It's gonna give everything they need. They're gonna mind is gonna get blown with how much I know. And then they're gonna come with me and buy my stuff because I'm like, because my stuff's my content is better than anybody else's. Right? Make the presentation, get my shirt, my tie on. You guys saw a clip from the presentation. So you knew how well I close. But I got up there, I start teaching like crazy. I'm trying to do my clothes. I remember saying something I said, I literally said, I'm not gonna insult you like the other speakers. Everyone else is gonna do the whole thing, talking about how much money is worth and that I'm not gonna insult you. Mine only cost $1,000. And that was it. And then typically happens you get enclosing usually the back of the thing that turned the radio, the music on, ever clapping you and you run the back table rush is happening. But because I just cut my thing off, I didn't know how to do anything. It was just like I ended and nothing happened. Audio video didn't do anything. I sat there, pitch quiet, nobody moved. I was like, I don't know what to do now. How do I get off the stage? Oh man, my friend comes, Hey, give me a great job. Give me a standing ovation. I was like, I want to die. And I remember sneaking off that stage and I was in so much pain, so embarrassing. I just like pitch my like put my whole heart out to everybody, extroling them, I had to create all this stuff I put together, I put it out there, try to sell it and nobody bought right now. There's speakers of your backstage like, Hey, how much money did you make? How many do you sell? I'm like, Oh, none. Oh, Oh, I remember the first gasp. This thing guy offered me. I'm so embarrassed. And I remember afterwards I ran to the, to the lobby hotel got my elevator went to the hotel room, I shut myself in the room. I was so embarrassed. I did not leave the hotel room next three days. I was like, I don't want to see anybody. I want to see any speakers. I want anyone to know that I blew this whole thing. And I remember, I don't know why I vividly remember this, but I remember ordering coconut shrimp and Hagen Dazs ice cream three meals a day for three days, eating that in the room, just like, this was the worst ever. I'll never speak. It was horrible. I was like, I'm never going to do this. But I still went back and I was like, I saw a human being just like me woke up just like me put on his pants the same way the day before, get on stage in a 90 minutes, make $100,000. Like, if you can figure out, this has got to be a learnable school, I got to figure it out. Right. So I got to learn how to do some obviously doing wrong. So I started going to other events. I went to Dan Kennedy, then I remember Dan Kennedy, Bill Glazer, and I watched them. I was like, what are they doing? How are they doing it? And they offered a public speaking coach, which I couldn't afford a public speaking course. So I bought the public speaking course. I started listening to it. I remember the very first training is like, yeah, a lot of people think that like, the secret is teaching everything you know, is like, that's not how it works. Right. And you guys know, and all you guys know why now, right? Because we're teaching everything we know what's happening. We are placating to the monkeys. We're talking to conscious mind and they're like, Oh, this is awesome. This is response. And they're freaking out on all sides. And they're like, I want to buy the thing. The elephants is like, no, you felt this 500 times. No, there's no way it's going to happen. Right. And we think we're so smart. We're talking to these elephants or sorry, talking to these monkeys. We have no idea that the conversation is never about this conversations about our conversation with the elephant. Right. And so I started learning as I realized that like, it's not, it's not what I thought. It taught me that we have to tell stories differently and do things differently. So we started, I started studying, started learning, started changing my presentation. I started going to other events and watching great speakers, what they did, how they did taking notes on it. Right. A couple months later, I got invited to speak at a seminar. So scared. So nervous. Get up there. I tried it differently. I followed the process as closely as I can. And I didn't kill it. I do know that six people slowly stood up and walked to the back of the room and gave me $1,000. I made $6,000 in the event. I was like, this is amazing. Like, yeah, I'm a speaker. Of course, it cost me more $6,000 to fly to the place, get the hotel room, all that kind of stuff. But it didn't matter to me. I got to care if I lost money. Somebody gave me money for something I did. I was freaking out. I was like, this is the beginning. Okay. And that started me on a two and a half, three year journey where I started going to seminars all the time. I would go to every single seminar. I'd sit in the audience and I would listen to the speakers taking notes, what did they do, how they do it. Oh, look how he did that. Look how they did the clothes. Look how they did the transition. I started watching over after person after person, speaker after speaker on stage, understanding and learning what they were doing. And then backstage, I asked them a question like, what did you do that? Why did that? And I started getting more and more information, right? And from that, I take my presentation. What I would do is every time I have a presentation, I would take that slide deck, I would save it and my speaker move and I save it, call the title of the event and the date and then I take the slides and I make the changes based on everything I learned, make a new version of it, go and present it live and see if it converted or not. Okay. If it didn't, you know, if it did or didn't, I take it and next time I spoke, I take the same slide deck, I save it again as a new slide deck. Whether it was in the date, I do it again, I do it over. And so every single time I do speak again, I have a new slide deck, same as the deck, but I just copy a new one, tweak things, edit them, copy, tweak and keep doing that, right? And my presentation got better and better and better to the point where I could walk into a room. I could see how many people in the room I knew exactly how much my head was going to make, almost to a T. I knew what the conversion rate was going to be in a room of any size. So 100 people in the room, I knew it was going to close that. 500 people I knew it was going to close that, right? Because when you understand these things, like people think the same way, like when you get a thing where you're converting it 10% or 50% or 90%, whatever it is, like you'll continue that from room to room to room, right? That's the power of like getting a presentation that's going to work, right? So I did that for all of the years, three, four, five years, I was doing that over and over and over again. And then 2008 happened, like live events stopped happening, the whole thing fell to the ground. And I was like, dang it, that was how I made my money, what I'm going to do now. And so back then, about that time, we started using this thing called telephones. They were here, I've heard it on the phone before, they were hooked to the wall with a big old wire, and we started doing, they call them tele seminars. And so we get on a tele seminar, what we do is you promote a tele seminar like, Hey, at five o'clock tomorrow, we're doing a phone call. Here's the phone number, call in. And you hope people would show up. But you never actually knew what they showed up. So you pick up the phone and you hear all this chatter, it's like all these noise and so you start or something, something, it would mute everybody. And you're like, I have no idea if there's 10 people or 100 people or I have no idea if there's online. And then I would do a presentation, I would do the same thing I would do on stage, I would just talk it out, I would do this whole presentation and I would sell, I'd hang up the phone, I looked at everybody by and like, Oh, sales came through or they didn't, like, yeah, you had no idea, it was really what you couldn't see anything. Right. And a couple of years later, go to webinar, came out, it's like, this is amazing. It's like a tele seminar, but you can show the slides, which is even better, right. You can see people are actually on which helped a lot. I kept doing it over and over and over again. And it was crazy is, and there was a five or six year period time when people weren't doing live events, nothing was happening. And then shortly after that live event started coming back up again. And all the people I knew were great stage presenters already tired, they all disappeared. And remember going to an event, in fact, it was Grant Cardone's first ever 10x. It was not the one that we did three point $2 million to sales app. It was the very first one that like 2,500 people in the room. I showed up there and grants like speak and sell something. He's like, just like, make the pitch at the very beginning. I don't like tell them what it is, then just teach them after that. I was like, What? You think, Yeah, just that's how it works. I'm like, I don't think it works. You know, I know how this works. Like I'm the greatest salesman in the world. This is how it works. I'm like, Okay, I'll do that. I'm not going to do that. I think I know a little different. So I went back and I had my I did my presentation, right? Same thing I've been doing for a decade. Made my presentation, get it out there. And I remember I was like, Grant, I need a table with the whole bunch of order forms and like 50 of yourselves, people take orders. He's like, What are you talking about? Just send them online. I'm like, I promise you, if you send online, no one's gonna give us any money. Trust me. Like I'm not an idiot. I've done this before. I said, Dude, just send them online. Every other speaker said people online. I was like, Okay. And so it was crazy. Dave Woodward is there. Alex and Layla Hermose, the three people who were there in the room I knew, and I had a box of order forms and a whole bunch of pens. And so Alex was the one one door Layla was one door and and Dave was one door and no tables. We had a box of order forms and a handful of pens. And so I did the whole presentation sold and like a third of the room sprinting over there and Alex Layla are throwing pens to people in order forms and Dave is and they're like, Oh, it's just crazy. It was chaos. And Grant was backstage. Like what just happened? That was the most insane thing ever. I was like, Yeah, I decided to not do it your way and do it the right way. Right. And we killed it. Okay. And then it's crazy because then the next year, you've ice me the big stage, right? And guess what the very first thing he tells me, yeah, this is too big. So don't have tables. Like you just have everyone order on their phone. That'll be fine. I was like, No, like we have an app. You just go and you click the button and people will just behind the phone will be way better. I was like, Grant, if you put my offer in the app and next to all the other offers, I will kill you. Do you not put it in the app? He's like, No one's gonna buy this thing. I was like, Do you trust me? He's like, No, this is the way to do it. I'm like, Okay, but everybody else is offered in the app. I don't care what you do. This is the way to restructure it. We're gonna have tables everywhere. This time he allowed me to have tables, which was super nice. Thankfully. And we did the pitch as you guys know, set a world record. And not only that, I also all the other speakers combined. So thank you. And so that is the president. That's like how I learned this stuff. This is the most valuable thing in the world. And people are like, Russell, how do you make so much money in your funnels? Because all the funnel is me doing a presentation, but I put it on a website. That's it. Okay. The reason why my funnels converge because I know how to sell one to many. I learned it and I mastered it on a stage in front of people in a really embarrassing way. A lot of times I tried over and over and over again until I perfected the process and eventually create something called the perfect webinar because it's perfect. I started teaching the people and then I saw a friend I had one of my friends who dried it and they made a bunch of changes and they messaged me like, Hey, I took the perfect webinar and I decided I was going to change this and I moved this and I did some stuff differently. I was like, dude, I called it the perfect webinar because it's perfect. And you're telling me that you improved upon it. Like, really? He's like, yeah, like, well, I haven't done it yet, but like, do something that I thought would be better. I was like, dude, I've spent a decade and a half of my life doing this over and over and over and over and over and just trust me. Just copy it. Just I promise you the framework is perfect. Just use it. Don't screw with it. Just use it. Of course, he didn't do it because he improved upon it, bombed, came back. Why didn't it work? I was like, well, because you didn't do it. There's a perfect one. Just do that one. So much easier. Okay. So that was the perfect webinar. As you guys know, this is what it looks like. This is the framework. And for me, I'm very slide heavy because I like to be able to know exactly where I'm going. And so I have a lot of slides where I'm doing a presentation. Okay. You don't have to use slides. The nice thing about slides is it keeps you on cue. You know, there's different types of presentations. If I'm up telling, I doing a presentation, I can go all over the place, have a lot of fun. But when I am selling, there's a script and I stick to the script. Basically, I learned from Dan Kennedy. He's like, when you watch Dan Kennedy speak, he said, if you watch me speak, he said, you'll know every single time I grab my cup of water in the exact same sense, I take a drink, I laugh at the same times, I cough at the same times, everything's happening perfectly to a script because I know it works. Okay. For me, it's the same thing. You've watched my front-to-back presentation that I've done live, probably 200, 300 times now. I guess flawless. I know exactly what I'm saying, what I'm saying it. I know when the beats are on the cues, I do not deviate from the script that works. Okay. So this is not just doing presentations, but when you are scripting to sell, I try to follow as close to the tee. Every slide is not there for you. The slide literally is there for me. So I remember what story I'm telling to break a false belief so that the elephant will allow you to buy the product and so you can change your life. Okay. That's why I do it that way. All right. So the perfect webinar is the key to this whole thing, understanding the whole thing. Now there's been times in my business, in my life, when things have completely fallen apart. Okay. I remember a couple of years ago, we built a company, I played about 100 employees, and the whole thing imploded. I don't want to get long to that story other than it was one of the most painful times of my life. Like I said, 100 employees, and one day all of our merchant accounts got shut down, everything got frozen, we couldn't process money. And these people I thought were my friends, my family, I was like, these are my, you know, these guys are here because they believe in the vision, believe in the mission, what I'm doing. As soon as the paycheck stopped, within hours, they bailed on me. I had people online talking trash about me. I had people in my personal family who walked out on me and went help me. It was horrible. And so I'm losing everything. My tire self-esteem walked out on me. Like everything we had just fell apart. And there was me, there was Brent Co-Peters, a couple of us, we were the last ones left over, and we had to clean up this office. It was a huge office. They were going to sue us because we had to break the lease to get out of it. And remember the last night, we're trying to like hopefully not get sued. So we're down there and they're like, the sales guys had dumped candles all over the carpets. We're scraping wax on the carpet, just praying they're not going to get fined for the destroyed carpets we couldn't afford. And we were moving into a new office. We had no money to pay the rent. Like everything just completely fell apart. And I remember the last night we were in that office, I emailed my list, and I was like, I got to figure out something. So I put together an offer, jumped on a webinar. I remember we didn't have desks left. We had the laptop plugged into the wall and the wireless thing that I had unplugged when I got done. And I sat on the ground in my, I remember I have socks on, I was sitting on the ground. I did a webinar, followed the script, followed the team. Webinar ended, closed the laptop, unplugged the wireless router, unplugged everything, shut the door, turned off the lights, locked the door, jumped my car, drove home, just thinking my world had ended. Got home, opened my computer, surveyed sales, came through. Boom, $30,000 in sales. Enough to cover the rent, enough to pay for the last few employees I had, enough to put food on the table for a couple of days. I was like, okay, we have an offer, we have a webinar. Let's do it again. Let's do it again. Let's do it again. Right? We started getting cash coming back in. Like we understand the skill, you don't understand, like this can save you in any kind of situation. Right? Like it gives you the ability to be able to speak, to persuade, to change people's lives, and in doing so, getting paid your money. Fast forward a couple of months later, we were still, we're in this new office. We're trying to figure out how to, how to like, like reinvent ourselves. Like what's our next business? We just met Todd. Todd was working on these projects. We couldn't pay him. We're trying this, trying that. Everything wasn't working. And we kept creating offer after offer after offer. And I remember eventually I was like, I should write another webinar. I'm pretty good at those things. So we created an offer. We called it dot com secrets local. I spent like two or three weeks writing a webinar, scripting out perfectly, flawlessly, slide by slide, everything like that. Went out there, emailed our little list time, did the webinar, and it converted. I was like, oh, thank heavens, I made some money. And I called a friend, had just a webinar on my list. Do you want to do it to your list? It worked really well. He said, yes. So we did webinar his list, put the money 50, 50, it converted, it converted, it converted. In 30 days per year time, we were making enough money. I didn't tell that part of the story, but we were basically my assistant that had prior to this whole thing happening. She was doing the bookkeeping for me and she didn't pay payroll tax for a year. She didn't think we had the money. So instead of telling me, she would do quick books to say, yep, I sent the check, then she didn't send it. And I didn't, I didn't know. I don't know how to read books or that kind of stuff. I was just kind of freaked out. And it was crazy because she didn't pay payroll tax for a year. And I found out because one day my dad was out in the books and he was like, like, there's no money, where did all the money go? And then he got a letter from IRS because he was kind of overseeing what she was doing. And basically he said, Russell owes like $300, $400,000 in back taxes. And remember my dad calling me, he's like, you don't understand, like, you don't get fined if you don't pay payroll, or you don't pay these kind of taxes, like you go to jail. I was like, cool. Okay, I gotta figure this out. That's where the dot com secrets local webinar come from. We had to figure this out. We put it together, put together a webinar, we launched it within 30 days. We made enough money to pay off the IRS and save myself from going to jail. Which is like the greatest thing in the world. Okay? Like a webinar, doing one good webinar, one good presentation, selling one to many, saved me so many times in my life. Right? Times in the darkest, the scariest, like those are things that got me through it. And then on the other side, like we finally finished ClickFunnels. We put it out there, we launched it the world, not converting, not converting, not converting, then going to a live event, putting together a presentation, getting on stage, doing my presentation, right? I told you guys the story before, I did the presentation, like half of them ran the back, they bought the thing, I took that presentation, I was like, this is the thing, we have the presentation, we did it over, we did it over, we did it over. The last 10 years I've done that presentation live, in 10 years, probably 300 plus times, spent an odd webinar, I would say, conservatively probably four or five million people have seen that. And that foundation, that webinar has gross ClickFunnels over a billion dollars in sales. Okay? So thank you. I want you to understand, like this skill set, like it's the thing that gets you out of debt, it's the thing that gets you to the next step, it's the thing that gets you to like have the impact that you want, like it doesn't matter where you are on the journey, like understanding and mastering one of many selling is the key for you to get the things you want in life. Okay? It's the thing that unlocks everything else for you. Okay? Now, again, when you guys, some of you guys will have an opportunity to stand on stage, this is insane, but the coolest thing about the world we live in today is you don't have to be on a big huge stage. Right? If you get there, awesome, do it. But the power is the fact that we can put these things inside of webinars, you can put them inside of funnels. Like I said, this screenshot here is me in front of 9,000 people. This right here is me in front of 42,983 people every single month, month in and month out, while I'm hanging out with my kids, doing other things, right? I told you guys this story early before, we went from having 60 full-time sales people to replacing that with just one single funnel. Okay? We launched ClickFunnels, Tai Lopez, asking the question on during the interview, like, hey, how in the world did you guys, like how many sales people work for ClickFunnels? I was like, it's just me. I have one to many presentation. We drive a lot of traffic through it and that's it. Okay? That's the power of having one, one to many presentation to sell whatever you're trying to sell. Does that make sense? You guys getting this? Cool. Okay. All right. There you go. That was the first 15 minutes of a presentation. Okay. So what did I do? A couple of quick things to know. Right? I told you guys this story, how I discovered this thing. Right? Now, what is this? It's a vehicle for you guys to make more money, right? Okay. And there's a lot of vehicles to make money. You can make money in real estate, the stock markets, you can flip stuff on e-bake, you do Amazon, you can, there's a million things you could possibly do. Right? But I'm showing you guys the way that I figured out the, the big result I needed, which one time was like, how do I get out of debt? How do I save my company from falling? Right? How do I grow? How do I take this ClickFunnels turn into a billion-dollar idea? Like the answer to all those questions was one thing, which was create the one to many presentation. Right? My goal is to tell the story so strong and so definite where all other options don't make sense. Like, wow, I could learn how to fill the house by spending like all this money, fill the house, or you know, whatever it is, or man, if I just learned one presentation, I'll change everything. Right? Like in the first 15 minutes, you telling the story, the goal is to make it so all other options for them to get the results seem irrelevant. It seems stupid. I was talking to Steve Larson today about, about presentations and I told him, I said, the thing that I've done more in the last two years than, than prior is this first 15 minutes, my goal is trying to figure out how do I discount every other possible option to get the result? So the only logical one is this, right? You do that through telling story after story after story. Okay? So that's the first 15 minutes. Now my goal is in the first 15 minutes, if I tell the story is right, boom, it pushes down the big domino and you guys are ready to buy. In fact, I'm curious at home, how many guys are right now? They're at home right now? Or just like, I'm ready to buy. Like, this is like, whatever Russell's got, I'm in, this is amazing. I need to figure out and make a one to many presentation, I am in at whatever cost. That's you. Say, I'm in right now on the side. I want to see it. Okay? What's cool about this is there's a percentage of people that's all it takes is you just show them that you tell them the original origin story, you show them the thing and boom, they said, I'm in, I'm going to do this and they're ready. Okay? All right. That's kind of how it works. All right. Now the next thing to understand though is that for the majority of your audience, again, we've got these monkeys here, they're in, the goal is to get us in, we've got fear, we always have those things that are coming up as well, right? And so what happens if the initial 15 minutes, if we tell the origin story correctly, a lot of people are in, but if people aren't in, the reason why is because there's one of three things that are usually keeping it up. Okay? There's three core false beliefs. The first false belief that keeps them from moving forward is the map. So the thing I'm telling them, so for me, it's like one to many presentations, right? One to many presentations like, oh, that's cool. But I don't know if that vehicle, if that's the right vehicle for me. Okay? So secret number one, my whole entire focus is to go back through and explain this, teach the framework in a way where they're like, oh my gosh, that is the right thing. I think I could actually do that, right? The second false belief holds them back is their internal false belief. They may say, yeah, one to many presentations is awesome, but I don't think I can do it. I don't believe that I can actually do it. Okay? So the next story I'm telling is to rewrite this false belief. They're like, oh, I actually could do it. I do believe I could do it. Okay? And then third false belief, okay, what normally happens is the first thing people don't believe is I don't believe in the framework. I don't believe in the vehicle that you're trying to offer me the map. I don't believe I can do it. The third one is their brain's looking for some other outlet. Like, okay, I believe the framework's right. I believe I could do it, but I can't do it because of this reason. Like, there's some other reason why I can't do it, right? And the weight loss market is typically like, here's the weight loss plan, right? Boom. In terms like, this is awesome. And then you explain how it works. Like, okay, I believe I can do it. But the reason why I couldn't do it is because my spouse, she buys cookies for the kids, and so it's going to be hard so I can't do it because of that. Like, our brain's looking for some other outlet. Okay? In my world, it was with funnels and persuasion, things like that. They can believe the funnel's the right thing. Right? Number two, they believe that they can actually do it. They're like, oh, but I don't know how to get traffic. So they discount everything. It's like, even though I do believe this could work, I don't think I can do it because of that. This external reason. Okay? So the next three core false beliefs I'm doing is trying to knock down all those three things. Okay? So I'm going to be telling stories, weaving them in. Number one, to break down the false beliefs about the vehicle. Number two, the internal false beliefs about them being able to do it. And number three is the external false beliefs about anything else that might be holding them back. Okay? Now, traditionally, this takes place over the next 45 minutes. Okay? If I'm doing a 90-minute webinar, the first 15 minutes of the origin story, the next 45 minutes, I'm going through and I'm teaching the three secrets. That makes sense? Okay. And it's these three secrets right here. So I'm going to jump over right now and I'm going to go through the three secrets for the presentation of the offer. I'm going to be making you guys here very soon. All right? Okay. Jumping back into Russell mode. Here we go. All right. So here are the three secrets that we're going to be covering over the rest of this presentation. Okay? So there's one of many secrets. The secret number one, I'm calling this offer secrets. I'm going to show you guys how to create a level 10 offer that you can easily sell any product you want for anywhere from $1,000 to $100,000. And we'll see them very inexpensive to your dream client. That's the first thing I'm going to teach you guys. You guys want to know about that? Okay? Number one. All right. Secret number two, I'm going to show you guys how to build your own stage. Because obviously, getting like, being on stage, this is amazing. But imagine if you build your own stages. I'm going to show you how to build your own stages, how to perfect your pitch, how to build your platform, and then scale your one of many presentations. So you people, so millions of people around the world can hear what you have to say. And number three, I'm going to show you guys how to create a starving crowd. Okay? I'm going to show you how 160 second one to many hack that will fill your funnel with your dream customers. Okay? All right. So let's jump right into secret number one. So secret number one is how to create a level 10 offer you can easily sell from anywhere from $1,000 to $100,000 that will seem inexpensive to your dream clients. Okay? So step number one, as we are creating an offer, the very first thing we have to figure out is what is the problem we are going to be solving for our dream clients? Okay? This is step number one. What are we going to be solving? A little while ago, I had a chance to do a really cool interview with Myron Golden. And in this interview, as Myron always does, he drops a ton of gold. And the very first thing he talked about in the interview was figuring out what is the problem we're going to solve. So I'm going to show you guys a really quick video clip from Myron helping you understand like this is step number one of creating an offer of changing the world is figure out what is the problem you're going to solve. Initially, people understand like the first thing is like for you to be successful, you actually have to have something to sell. Right? People all the time, like, I'm on the internet trying to make money. I'm like, what are you selling? Like, why don't I'm trying to make money on the internet? Like, how do you start? Yeah. So phase number one, it's believe it or not, it doesn't even start in my opinion, it doesn't really even start with having something to sell. It has, it starts with the ability to solve somebody else's problem. I can solve a $1 problem for a million people and make a million bucks. Or I can solve a $10 problem for a hundred thousand people. I can solve a $1,000 problem for a thousand people. Or I can solve a $10,000 problem for a hundred people. Or I can solve a $100,000 problem for 10 people. And so when you're first starting out, it's hard for you to believe, but maybe it wasn't hard for you, but it was hard for me to believe that there was somebody out there who would be willing to pay me $10,000 or something or $100,000 or $3,000 for that matter. I remember when I did my first premium value offer, I made the price in my mind so high, I knew nobody would ever pay me for this solution. But I said, if I don't make the offer, the offer, I don't make is the offer they can't take. So I put the price tag on it, $3,000. Exactly. And I didn't care if they didn't buy it. I was doing it for the reps more than for the revenue. And two people bought it. Wait. And there were only maybe 10 or 15 people in the room. Two people bought my $3,000 thing. Like, what just happened? Oh, the price was too low. The next time I offered it, I made it $4,000. Seven people bought it. So back up to answer your question. I think that the first thing we have to do is we have to find a big pool of people that all have the same problem. Right? Whatever that problem is, it's either going to be a financial problem, a relationship problem, a health problem, but a business problem, some kind of problem, a technology problem, a software problem, a leadership problem, a delegation problem, an automation problem. But there are all kinds of problems in the world. And there are all kinds of people who have problems. And the bigger the pool of people is, and the deeper their pockets are, the more I can charge for the solution. And the reason I can charge more for the solution, if their pockets are deep, is because people with deep pockets have problems that cost them more money if they don't solve them. Okay. And you guys get this? The very first step, right? The very first step to figure out, what is the problem I solve? What Myers said was so powerful, is like, you want a problem that a lot of people have. Okay. It's a problem just one person has, it's not going to make you a lot of money. Okay. My potato gun offers, much as I love it, the problem is like, is a small group of people who actually want to make a potato gun. Okay. You want to find a big pond of people, it gives you the ability to grow and to scale. And then you want to find people to actually have the ability to spend money. Okay. If they're able to spend money, it makes it way better because then they can actually give you money. Right? All right. Now a couple of things is you are creating your presentation. The first thing I like to do is reverse engineering my goals. Right? So the goal is to make a two comic club where we are. The goal is to get a two comic club right here. It's like, hey, how am I going to actually do that? Okay. And there's a lot of ways like Myers kind of showed you guys a lot of ways to do that. Right? You could have a $10 offer. I think I sell $100,000 to get two comic club award. How many of you guys does that sound like a lot of fun? That sounds really, really, really, really hard. Right? A hundred thousand copies of a $10 book makes you a two comic book award. Or you get a $100 offer and sell $10,000 to get two comic club. Right? Or you have a $1,000 offer and sell a thousand to get two comic club. Or you could do a $10,000 offer, sell 100,000, 100,000 offer, sell 10 or a million dollar offer and then you just got to sell one. How many of you guys just like, just rather just make one million dollar offer and then you got it that fast? Right? Okay. The crazy thing is like the effort takes you to make a million dollar offer is the exact same as the effort takes you to make a $10 offer. So just putting that out there, like for most of you guys, you should be focusing on the deeper end of the pool because the more money you're charging for something, the easier it is to get to your goals faster. I want to show you guys just two different things. So I have a hundred thousand dollar offer and I have a million dollar offer and how many of you guys want to take advantage of those today? Yes, yes, yes. All right. Everyone's doing this. Okay. I'm gonna walk you through what they are so you can see. Okay. And they're powerful. So the first one right here, this is a hundred thousand dollar offer and this story is really cool. I told the story a little earlier for you guys, but I did a podcast and I was like, Hey, I will help someone write a one to many presentation. And if they're interested and I said, I'm going to do it for two people. You have five one to one, five one hour phone calls to come in and the entire golden calls and we're going to spend five hours going through the five parts of the presentation, get it done, then you have a webinar and you can go and you can launch it and put out to the market. Right. And it was crazy is when this guy, Chris came in and actually signed it for, he brought the hundred thousand dollars to be cash and there's two kind of funny sides of the story. Number one is he had to figure out how to get a hundred thousand dollars through the airport. Anyone here ever walked through an airport with a hundred thousand dollars in cash? They think you're a drug dealer or something, right? And so he put it in like this briefcase, he was carrying it through and somehow he got through TSA and got it through and got it to the hotel, gave it to me and then he handed me the briefcase is like, now it's not now it's yours dude. Good luck with it. And so I'm like coming back home like, I don't even know what the rules are or the laws like do they lock you up? They find you with a hundred thousand dollars cash. And so it's funny where we're going through airport security and I get there and we're also like kind of like trying to make a documentary based on because that's what we do right. We film everything. So my team's all got cameras and they're filming as I'm going through like, like the metal detector I'm putting out there goes through and obviously gets and gets pulled off like, oh no. So it goes over there, TSA agent grabs it, pulls it over, puts their gloves on, looks at me, opens it up, opens it up, looks at me, looks back down, starts and stops, goes back again, looks back at me, closes it, shuts it, turns it around, and I like walk over and I'm like, take it. And I started walking away really quick. I was like, I don't know, like what am I supposed to do? It's the scariest thing really. He didn't say anything. He just stared at me awkwardly for way too long. And then I walk over to like the candy aisle and this is me standing holding a briefcase of a hundred thousand dollars cash. I was like, anyone knew what I was doing right now? I would get mugged in a heartbeat. So, but this is a hundred thousand dollar offer. I said I only did it for two people. We did recently launch a hundred thousand dollars a day, which is similar. It's easier for me to fulfill all the people coming. They spend a day with me and what's cool about the way it works, they come for a day. I spend there five or six hours to go through, I get as much of the webinar presentation as possible. And the end of it, what I do is I take the webinar, I stand on stage like this in our office and I actually present the entire webinar for 90 minutes. They can see me pitch their offer, they film the whole thing, and they leave with the video and then they can go and actually just copy me and do it to themselves. So that's my new hundred thousand dollar offer, which is really cool. Okay. So that's what a hundred thousand offer looks for me. Okay. Maybe think a hundred thousand dollars, that's a lot of money. You're at Russell, right? Like, is it? Would you be a hundred thousand dollars to have a presentation that can make you millions or tens of millions or a billion dollars? Like, now a hundred thousand dollars seems really, really inexpensive, right? You can be ever creating an offer or creating something that seems inexpensive because the result is so big. Okay. I also have a million dollar offer. Okay. Now, the million dollar offer I got into because I have really expensive tastes when it comes to old books. And so, number one is I found this old book set from a point of view. It cost one point five million dollars. There's a whole documentary for me as a scene. Anyway, it's amazing. So I bought that and I bought some more books. I bought a lot more books. I couldn't stop and that was like, I need a museum for this book and I want to do events. And so eventually I found this movie theater in 60 thousand square foot movie theater in Boise, Idaho, 20 minutes from my house. And I was like, can you imagine if we had an event center where we could have all my books in like in the museum, but then we could do live events there. Like, and so I started looking at it. We're like, if we knock down some of the walls, we could take two or three movie theaters and turn into a huge thing. We have big stage and event center, all sorts of stuff. And I could have my inner circle, my masterminds, our prime movers all come there. And like, we could change the world in the spot. And it's like, amazing. But how much do you think a 60 thousand square foot movie theater costs? It's not cheap. So I'll tell you that. Now, the problem is like, I don't have enough money to write a check for that. So I go to the bank. I'm like, Hey, bank, will you give me a whole bunch of money so I can buy a movie theater? And I go for it. Like, so I can put my old books in it and then my friends can come and we can like talk about stuff. And they're like, that's the dumbest business idea ever. I'm like, no, I swear it's gonna be good. People will pay me to come and look at my books. And then we'll talk about stuff. And they're like, Russell, you have a good track record, but this one makes no logical sense. I'm like, I swear, just give me some money, please. And they're like, no, I was like, crap, okay. So I talked to another bank, pitches them, they say, no, again, I'm like, okay, I got to figure out something to do. Now, this is something that's powerful out of offers. Okay. And I told you guys the story yesterday about Myron, right? Myron said, don't you don't buy things with money, buy things with offers. Right. So how do you do that? And there's another story. Some of you guys may have heard this story before, but the Beatles, there's a story about Paul McCartney and John Lennon. They wanted to build a swimming pool and they didn't have money for swimming pool. So they said, hey, let's write a swimming pool. So they said that they sat down, wrote a song, went and presented it, launched it to the world. It's called Love, Love Me Do. From that made millions of dollars, built themselves a swimming pool. Right. Okay. Another of my mentors, Dan Kennedy, he always says like, when you have something you want to buy, he's like, don't buy it. He's like, send the bill to the herd, send it out to all the people. Right. Interesting. In fact, it's funny. Dan was telling me this, he said that after he got his second divorce, I believe, he has second divorce. And after he announced that, hey, I'm getting divorced, my wife's is happening. He got a fax, he doesn't do fax from one of his members. And his members like, hey, Dan, when are you sending out the special offer? And he's like, what are you talking about? He's like, well, you're, you're getting going through a divorce. I'm assuming you're losing half the money. I know you're not going to pay for it. So I'm assuming that we're your herd are going to pay for it. So what's the offer you're going to make so you can pay for this? And Dan's like, you're correct. Made an offer, send it out and cover it and everything. So send the bill to the herd. Right. And so that was next to the how do I make money? Like send the bill to the herd. Okay. So how do I do that? And then the last thing, obviously, one of my favorite books is Rich Dad Poor Dad. How many guys read Rich Dad Poor Dad in the past? Okay. One thing that Rich Dad Poor Dad talks about in this book, he's got two dads, a rich dad and a poor dad, right? And the rich dad, it makes a lot of money. The poor dad obviously is poor. And he said that he learned something watching both of his dads. He said the poor dad look at something he wanted really, really bad. And dad's like, oh, that looks really cool, but I can't afford that. He said, this rich dad look at something you'd say, how can I afford that? Right. A little shift in language patterns that changes everything. So I'm looking at this insanely cool movie theater, all these cool books. I was like, how can I afford that? How can I afford that? I need to make an offer. Okay. But this offer, I need like to make tens of millions of dollars to pay for this offer. So what if I had a million dollar offer, I don't really make like 10 or 15 people to buy it and I should be fine, right? And so we're at Mastermind and Paradise last year with a year and a half, a few years ago. And I was thinking about, I was right now at the offer, I'm like, oh, I got really scared. I wasn't going to do it. And then like five minutes before I was going to go on stage, I leaned while there comes by and she's like, so you're going to make the offer, the million dollar offer? I was like, no, that's embarrassing. Like, no one's going to give me a million dollars for an offer. She's like, Russell, you have to make the offer. I was like, but I'm scared. She's like, it doesn't matter. You got to make the offer. Like, I don't have any slides or preparations. Like, what's the offer going to be? I'm like, I don't know. So we sat down with the pad of paper, right? All right. When somebody gets the signs up, they're going to get this and this and this and this, we're right out of the whole offer. And she's like, okay, go on stage and do it. So like two minutes later, I go on stage, I show this video talking about the library, my vision, everything. And I come on stage all scared to death. I wish we had, we probably have a video. I was backstage watching the documentary freaking out. I was like, I don't want to do it. I don't want to do it. Eileen's going to yell me if I don't do it. This is so like, so for the guys who are like nervous about making offers, I get it. Every step is the more nervous things I think, what if they let me make fun of me? What if they don't buy it? What if nobody, like all the fear, all the fear. But as Myron said, the offer you don't make is the offer they can't take, right? Video ends. I know, no, the option. Like, I'm the next speaker. I got to walk out there. So walk back out there. Like, what do you guys think? Like, yeah, okay, I have a million dollar offer for you. And I laid down a million offer. Here's the first thing. Second thing, boom, boom, went through the offer, laid it out for everybody. And in that one 45 minute presentation, we raised $14 million from that one offer. Okay. So when you want something, the key is make an offer, right? Put it out there. Okay. So the next question again is what problems can you solve at each price point? Now there's a lot of price points. I want to focus on three right now. I think there's a three that most of you guys should be focusing on, right? What kind of problem could you solve for $1,000? Okay, if you can figure out a problem you can solve for $1,000, you just got to help 1,000 people solve that problem. Boom, two common club. Okay. Now number one, number two is what could you do for $10,000? What kind of problem could you solve? If somebody gave you $10,000, what kind of problem could you solve for them? Okay. And then you only need 100 people and boom, two common club award. Okay. And then what kind of offer could you solve for 20,000? If somebody gave you $25,000, what kind of problem could you solve? Right? Because then you only need 40 people. So if you have a $1,000 problem you can solve, you need 1,000 people. $10,000 offer, you need 100, $25,000 you need 40. Okay. I'm curious for all you guys at the home actually. Ever at home? Let me ask you this question. How many of you guys, you think that you feel most comfortable? You want to solve a $1,000 problem, write $1,000 in the chat. If you want to solve a $10,000 problem, solve a $10,000, $25,000 problem, write $25,000. Let's see where you guys are kind of filling in at. I don't care what you are. Everybody might feel more comfortable. Okay. About thousands, $25,000, $10,000, $10,000, $10,000, $10,000. Someone's got a $5,000 offer. Okay. $5,000, $10,000, $10,000. How about over here? Oh, we have an 8-8 offer. I didn't get it. There's an option. There you go. $5,000, $10,000, $10,000, $25,000, $20,000. Okay. I solve a bunch of $5,000. Hey, all my $5,000 people you guys want to write the second. Here's the big secret. The difference between a $5,000 offer and a $10,000 offer is this. The $10,000 offer, you ask for $10,000. The $5,000 offer, you offer $5,000. That's it. You're welcome. I just doubled your income that fast. But Russell, if I do that, half of my clients will fall out. Half your clients will not fall out. What will happen about 10% of your clients will fall off. So you lose the problem, children. You make 90% more money. Or better than that, it ends up being right. It's insane. Just so you guys are fully aware. So there you go. $5,000, $10,000, $10,000. This is actually a really funny story. So Alex Ramose was in a circle way back in the day. One of the funniest things is when he transitioned from doing gyms to actually selling licensing to his gyms, the very first person he called, the person signed up, he did the phone call and the guy, he made the offer, he was like, sell it to you for $6,000. The guy said, yes. He's like, oh. So the next call he picks up and he's like, it costs $8,000. The guy's like, sure. He's like, okay. He makes the third phone call. He's like, it's $12,000. The guy's like, okay. Next one picks up. It's $18,000. The guy's like, sure. Signs up. $22,000. $26,000. $28,000. You got all of that $32,000 before people started dropping off. That's the power of creating an offer that changes people's lives. So anyway, for all of you guys, I want you to pick which one you're going to be focusing on. You're going to make $1,000, $10,000, $25,000 offer. That's step number one. Step number two now. What is the cost that they don't take you up on this offer? One of the biggest problems people have is like, I don't know how to justify this because I don't have a course that's worth $1,000. I don't have a mastermind worth $25,000. You have to understand it's not the cost or the value of the actual product. That's what you're all missing. So I'm going to pass this one back to Myron Golding to share you guys. It's the cost. What is the cost that they don't take you up on this offer? Here you go. One of the things I think about when I'm thinking about their problem is how much is it costing them not to have this solution? And so when I present it to them, before I ever show them how much my solution costs, if they say yes, I show them how much it costs to say no to my solution, before I show them how much it costs to say yes, because I've evaluated that. And some people think, well, yeah, but that's true for making money offers. That's not true for other kinds of offers. Sure it is. So one of the people who I met in your mastermind is Annie Grace and she teaches people how to get control over alcohol. And she says, Myron, I got an event coming up in two weeks. Do you have any tips for me? I said, it depends. What are you going to sell? She said, nothing. I said, is it okay if I coach you? She said, sure. I said, that's the worst idea I've ever heard in my life, like my face melted, right? And she said, oh, what are you going to do? I said, what are you going to do if you're not selling them something? She said, oh, I created this 80 page manual. We're just going to work through the manual during the three day event. I said, can I coach you again? She said, yeah, I said, that is the second worst idea I've ever heard in my life. She said, well, what should I do? I said, sell my coaching program. What do I put in it? Take the stuff from that 80 page manual, put it in the coaching program. How much should I sell it for? What would make you smile? She said, I don't know, $4,000. I said, great, sell it for $6,000. What? But how do I charge for this? So that's the question you asked me. How do you charge for this? It's not a make money offer. I said, here, I said, okay, but it doesn't cost them anything if they don't buy it. Oh, it doesn't really? Has anybody ever gotten divorced because they couldn't get control over their alcohol? She said, yeah. How much do divorces cost? Well, at least half, half a what? Everything. And I said, have any of the partners who divorced their spouse because they couldn't get control over alcohol gotten in a relationship with a new partner? Yes. Have any of the people who got in that relationship with a new partner had one of the children molested by that new partner? Yes. Have any of the children ever been molested by that new partner ever committed suicide because they were molested by that new partner and felt like they didn't have anybody to talk to? Yes. How much do divorces cost? How much would it be worth not to have one of your children molested? How much would it be worth not to have them commit suicide because they feel like they have no place to go? And if people who get so toe up from the flow up by drugs or alcohol or whatever, realize that that was the ultimate price they were going to have to pay, they would get control over it. But you have to show them how much it's going to cost if they don't get it under control. She said, oh, now I get it. Yes. And I said, you said you're the best at this. You said there's nobody else that has the stick rate and the results that you have. Are you the best? Oh, I'm the best. I said, I thought you said you love these people. She said, I do. I said, then why would you let them come to you, the person who has the best answers for them, and then not sell them something, but let them go out into the marketplace and pay $30,000 for a rehab center or $25,000 for this, that or the third, when they could pay you $6,000 and they could have victory for the first time in their adult life. She said, I never thought of it that way. So I showed her the cost of them not getting the result. And then she showed them the cost and they came to her thanking her and tears, paid her and their lives have been changed forever. Yeah, I want to make sure everyone caught that because I think what people miss a lot of times is they think, I'm selling a course. The course is worth $1,000. I'm selling a mastermind. Mastermind is worth this. And you're saying it's not the tangible thing. It's the benefit of what comes from that thing, the fruits of it, right? Because that's the shift. Right? Like me getting you to spend $25,000 and we're telling the boys, the Idaho for a mastermind that, you know, to come here and you couldn't buy a hotel room. It wasn't the $25,000 that's got to the mastermind cost, right? It's the transformation that happens as a result of the transaction. Too many people who are selling things are seeking the transaction. And if they obsess over the transformation of their potential client more than they obsess over the transaction, that's when the game changes. Okay, so that's the question. If someone doesn't take your offer, what's the cost of an action? Right? That's what I think about. That's what you're selling towards. Not selling towards, well, courses normally cost $497. Therefore, my course is $497. So I know the result you would get by having this is the transformation. Like, that's the thing they're paying for is the transformation. What is that actually worth for them? Okay, step number three then. After we figured out exactly what the problems we're solving, we figured out the cost of an action that we write out was called an offer stack. You haven't seen me do this before. Here's the first thing you're going to get. The second thing, the third thing, we're trying to increase the perceived value of the thing that we are selling. So we create an offer stack. Okay, the very first slide I create anytime I make a presentation is the offer stack slide. Okay, those are the guys who are my prime movers in the Prime Mover coaching program. The entire first day, the entire first lesson is all about just creating one slide, one slide only, which is the offer stack. Here's what someone gets when they invest. These are the things that we're going to use to help you to have that transformation to actually change your life. Okay, step number three is right off the stack side. Step number four then is right out the headlines for the four core stories. Okay, typically if you watch any of my presentations, it's the headline, which is the headline of the entire webinar presentation, the event, and there's a headline for each of the three secrets. Okay, I did a webinar a little while ago and basically I wrote down the headlines right here and I went live. I didn't have time to do slides and stuff. I just went through secret number one, how to instantly outspend your competitors, ethically still all potential clients in your market. So I write a headline for each of the secrets that gets people intrigued and excited to actually come in and listen to the presentation. Okay, now again, I was kind of laughing because Garrett's talking about him trying to do slides and he stressed out. He didn't want to do slides. You don't always have to do slides. Okay, a little while ago, this is man, this is the very beginning of ClickFunnels. I'm yeah, we're a little into ClickFunnels and one of my friends called me and said, God, this is software I'm launching. He's like, we promote it as an affiliate. I'm like, dude, I'm so busy. I don't have time. He's like, please, he's like, we have like prizes, top prize is getting gets like a BMW, blah, blah, blah, blah, you can totally win this contest. I was like, I don't have time, man. I'm sorry. And so I didn't participate in the launch launch was happening. Ever is promoting for three or four weeks. It was getting down to like the 48 hours left. He's like, dude, Russell, please promote my thing. Like I'll do anything if you promote it. I was like, I haven't promoted. I'm behind on sales. There's no way I could win it. Now people have been selling for three weeks. Right? He's like, you can win a car. I'm like, dude, I don't need a car. I don't want cars. I'm not a car guy. I couldn't care less about a car. He's like, what do you want? I was like, well, how much does the car cost? The car would be like worth $80,000. I was like, well, I would love to have a cryo sauna. But I'm too scared to ask my wife if I could put a cryo sauna instead of our house. It's like, if you make the prize a cryo sauna, where you I went and you just have to send it to me, I got to figure out, sorry, I didn't buy it, but I would want it. We had to put it somewhere. I would play. He's like, done. Okay. And he messed with me. Like, you were the weirdest person I've ever met. You don't want a car. You want a cryo sauna? Yes, I do. So I was like, okay, well, I got like, at this point, like 36 hours before car closes, I'm competing against 100 other affiliates from promoting for three, saying, how do I win? Oh, I should credit one to many presentations. I don't have time to make slides. I don't have time to anything. So I got it from a whiteboard and I wrote out a headline, wrote three headlines for three secrets and an offer stack. I opened up Facebook on one phone, Periscope on one phone, like all the different things back in the day, we click go and I started talking. And I have like a little clip of this Facebook live. He's on see it. Here is Russell doing the perfect webinar shortcut. All right. Hey, everybody, how you guys doing over in Periscope and Facebook land? We've got a fun different presentation. So right now three secrets, secret number one, it's all about the script. And this is probably the best gift I could ever give anyone. This is what perfect webinar is like. It's like making money, raise all over the place. If you want it, you got to act now. This is the bribe. Third thing you're going to get, you're going to get the ability to watch me do a perfect webinar pitch live. And I'll talk to you as all gets soon. Bye. All right. So there's been a perfect webinar. My prep time for that entire webinar was less than 10 minutes. I'm like, okay, what's an offer? I can give him this and this and this. What's the headline? What's three secrets? All right, go. And I was live. Okay. From this one perfect webinar, did the presentation. We had a couple hundred people live on each of the platforms, made a bunch of sales. And then we turned that presentation, turned on some Facebook ads through it ran for 24 hours. In 24 hour window of time, over 100,000 people saw this strange, perfect webinar. My affiliate commissions, when all of a sudden there was over $100,000 in sales and I won a cryosana. So thank you. So when you learn, you match the skills that you don't have to go and spend three months building out slide deck after you learn to understand it, you can do it very, very quickly. Now what's cool about this is as I was on stage doing this on Facebook live, my friend, Caitlin Poland, was back when she was running Ladyboss and building things out of time. She was watching this and she's watching. She's like, Russell's in the perfect webinar. He's doing on a whiteboard. And she's watching it. She's literally on her whiteboard, like wrapping these out and drawing things out and she's getting done. And like within an hour of me ending the webinar, she went live on hers. And this is what hers look like. So this is her same kind of thing. And she click go. You guys want to see a clip of her doing hers? Okay, here it goes. So I'm about to be here telling you about the three big secrets I use to lose 65 pounds and keep it off. I know, but I'm ready though. All right. Secret number one, what's under these secret strips right here. It's coming. If you say to the end, I'm going to reveal all this for you. And the recipes are freaking amazing. So you're going to get your recipe instructional videos that we've done for each and every one. And all the ladybosses out there, they're already living it so they can tell you. And then there's the fit at home workouts, okay? And tutorial videos. She's down 37 pounds in five months. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. That's awesome. So Kailen did as well, crushed it. That actually ended up beating her live webinar slides and everything. They started driving apps. That thing got tens of millions of views and built the Ladyboss brand off of little purple webinars like that. So we understand this many skills that you guys have. It's very, very simple. I don't have to go spend six weeks building an offer and a presentation. You just go put it out there, try it. And if no one buys, it doesn't matter. No no's. You start over. If it does work, cool. You can start growing. You can scale. You can go back and spend more time developing it. But it gives you a ability to understand how it works to go really quickly. So to get people to move, number one step, we have to have a level 10 offer. After that, we have to create a one to many presentation. And now we can get people to move towards their goals. Secret number two, how to perfect your pitch, build your platform, and then scale your one to many presentation. Now, when I first got started online, I would do it most internet marketers do that launch a product, make some sales, and then like, it would end and launch another product, make some sales, they would end and launch another. And like, I did that. I was launching a new product every 90 days for almost a decade of my life. That's what got really good building funnels, by the way. But it's really painful and tiring and exhausting. Okay. And then I had a chance to meet this person right here, Mary Ellen Tribby. And Mary Ellen Tribby, she's kind of a legend in the direct response world. She, I heard rumors of her before she went to a publishing company called Weiss Publishing. At the time they were like, doing like eight or $10 million a year, she came in with 18 months, got her to do $80 million a year. Then she went over to a GORA to win the division over there. She walked, I think it was early to rise, she walked in the time they're doing like $6 million a year. She spent a year and a half with them, got her from $6 million to like $120 million. And so I heard these rumors about Mary Ellen. I'm so excited. I mean, the very first time I was like, I just have one question for you, please. This is kind of weird, but you're famous for taking companies like $6 million to $100 million in like a month and a year and a half. How in the world do you do this? And she kind of smiled and she laughed a little bit and she says, you internet marketers are so smart and so dumb. And she's like, what do you guys do? You do the equivalent of writing a Broadway play. Like you hire the best script writers in the world, the best actors you train, you perform, you practice, you get it perfect, right? And because you happen to live in Boise, Idaho, you're like, I'm going to do a play here in Boise, Idaho. So you market, you promote, everyone comes very first night, you have sold out audience, people come through, you perform the show flawlessly. It's amazing. Standing ovation, curtains closed. And then that night, everyone celebrates, you go to bed next morning, wake up and you start writing a new play. So that's what you do over and over and over again. All I do is I take your guys' hard work that you already did and I take that play in Boise, Idaho and I take it on the road. I take it from Boise to New York to Chicago, every single place around the world. I was like, what do you mean? Like, how do you guys, she's like, you guys just do one advertising promotion. She's like, I take that when we're on through Facebook, through Instagram, through Tripoli, we just blow it up over time. I was like, oh my gosh. So we launched ClickFunnels. That was one of the very first things. I was like, I keep doing these every 90 days, launching a new product, launching a new product, launching a new product. And I was like, okay, what would Marielle and Tribby do? If she was my CEO and I had to hire her right now, what would she tell me? She would tell me, like, do one presentation, perfect it and then take it on the road. Okay. So again, we launched ClickFunnels. This is two months after ClickFunnels launched. I had a very, a chance to get my very first presentation. I'm at this event. I do a ClickFunnels presentation. It crushes, people jump over the tables, they're buying. I was like, you know, converted. And I knew I was like, okay, this is a presentation. Now I can go write a new presentation next week and launch a new product where I can take this on the road. How does that? I don't know what that looks like. I knew the webinar was converting. I knew that I knew the presentation converted. And so I started texting everyone I knew who had the email list. I was like, Hey, I have a webinar crushed. Do you want to do a webinar next week? Yes or no. I email, I texted, I am at Dream 100. So I texted 100 plus people. And from that I got 20 or 30 people like, yeah, I run a webinar, so I started lining up. Okay, we'll do one on Monday, one on Tuesday, two on Wednesday, three on Thursday, I was lining up as many as I could, right? And then as I'm leaving the hotel here, jump on my plane to fly back home, leaving the hotel, got my bags and walking through the lobby and this lady runs up to me and she's like, Russell, your presentation was amazing. I wish that I could buy click funnels, but I'm a coach and I don't sell supplements. So what you say, yeah, like your presentation is amazing, but I don't sell supplements. I can't use click funnels. What are you talking about? She's like, I'm a coach. You showed a bunch of supplement funnels and I don't have a supplement company. So I can't use click funnels. I was like, you know, it works for coaches too. Like I have coaching, I have a book funnel, I have a high ticket funnel, I have a mastermind for all these funnels. I have them. She's like, you see what you can use click funnels as a coach? I'm like, yeah, she's like, hold on, don't move me. She runs back in the audience, grabs your friend, the grab her word from, come back on the thing, fills it out, hands me like, we had no idea, we thought we had to be selling supplements for click funnels. We're in. I got two more order forms. I was like, weird. So I get on the plane, I'm flying home, like, why does she think that? I open my slides back up and I start looking. I was like, I talk about supplement funnels a lot. I'm like, okay, what do I need to do is I need to go and insert some things inside of my presentation that speak to that. So the next time, no one else have that concern. So I added five or six slides in there that show like, yes, you can use supplement funnels, but you also use it for coaching funnels or for these kind of funnels, these kind of funnels. In fact, here's mine here. So I add a bunch of slides in there, the plane lands the next morning. I have my very first webinar lined up. Actually, I had two webinars lined up. The first one was with my own list, which should be my hottest buyer's next one's one of my friends lists. My friend lives in Israel. He set up a webinar. So we had two back to back lists, right? So the first webinar I do, we get, I think we had about 500 people on and these are like my true like Russell Brunson fans, people way back there follow me. So I do the first presentation, I do the webinar, it crushes. I think we did like 30, 40,000 dollars in sales on a webinar. I was like, this is amazing. And then Todd, the genius he is, is looking at everything, trying to figure out how he can optimize stuff. And he goes, he looks at, go to webinar and there's all the people's comments and they're all time stamp based on there. So he exports all the comments he looks at it. He's like, Russell, he's like, everyone's getting confused right here. They're all asked this question over here. They're asking this question. And at the end, we're doing the clothes. They're all asking this question. I was like, Oh, so we looked at that. So we started finding spots in the slides and we started editing slides, inserting, inserting slides and stories to resolve the false concerns so that when they were freaking out at its false concerns, I want to get rid of these false concerns. They're adding and tweaking. So we did the time we cleaned up the presentation. Four hours later, I'm live with a whole group of marketers in Israel. And I go live, I do the presentation about 500 people on same amount of people on it. I do this presentation this time. This time we close like over 120,000 dollars in sales. I was like, that is amazing. And Todd's like, let's export the comments again, exports all the comments we're going through. It's like, wow, those ones aren't there. But people asked this question, this question. So we took that, edit the slide deck, did it again, did it again, did it again. Okay, I was doing one webinar day, two webinars, send nights up to three webinars, over and over and over again. I got better and better and better at it. Okay. Fast forward to the slide. I remember eventually, one of my friends, Joe Lavery, posted on Facebook and tagged me on it. I thought it was so cool. He said, Russell Brunson, I'm on, oh, how good you are at our webinar pitching. Watching right now, every trick in the book, being used like a pro, every slide, every section, every word crafted intentionally, the sequence, the stack, the FAQs, the video testimonials, the offer, almost every objection, plan for and obliterate the countdown timer, overwhelmingly awesome execution. I don't think I've seen a better presentation, bro. Okay. And I was like, well, of course, I've done it 400 times. I know exactly like, this is the process, right? It gets better and better and better at the point where you start converting higher and higher and then you can start growing, you can scale, and you can take the show on the road. Okay. So that's how the game, that's how the game is played. Now, for most of you guys, the way that we do this now is we try to set up one webinar every single week. For me, I love doing webinars on Thursdays. It doesn't really matter when you're doing it, but this is typically the promotional schedule. Okay. What's going to happen is, if you start promoting a live event too early, people don't show up. Okay. So I don't have a long promotional schedule on promoting for two or three weeks ahead of time, because the only people who actually show up with people are buying about two or three days before the webinar starts. So we start the promotional schedule on Monday. Monday, we promote Tuesday, Wednesday, promote Thursday, morning, promote. And then Thursday, I do the webinar live, do the whole thing. Okay. If I do it correctly, what typically happens for me, a webinar, like a six-figure webinar usually closes about 5% meaning of the people who are on when I start the page, if 5% people buy, usually this is the webinar ends up being about six figures. Okay. If I get to about 10% of the people who are on during the webinar are buying, that ends up being a multi-million dollar webinar. Typically, if I can get 15%, that's the click-frozen webinar converted out for three years, 15% of the people who are on during the stack in the clothes, I mean, to build a billion dollar company. So I'm looking at trying to get that to convert as high as possible. So I don't go directly to an automated webinar. I do it live. And I do it live again to get that conversion from 3% to 5% to 8% to 10%. Right. These little shifts in conversion equal tens of millions of dollars out the back end. Okay. So Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Wednesday, Wednesday, Wednesday, Thursday, we go live, Friday, I give them a replay, Saturday and Sunday, I give them urgency and scarcity. And then we pull the webinar down. And then Monday, we start a brand new page, brand new funnel. We throw Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Wednesday, I go live again on Thursday, Friday, I show them a replay, Saturday, I give them urgency, scarcity, replay. We pull that page down. We start a new thing. I'm taking it from Boise, to Chicago, to New York. I'm doing it over and over and over again. First year ClickFunnels is a little webinar live over 70 times before we ever perfected it. Okay. Now I have a funny story about our friend Garrett J. White here. Garrett has been listening to me talk about this and tell the story for a decade now. And I think two or three months ago, he sent me this message and I thought it was awesome. So I thought I'd play it for you guys all here right now. Here we go. Oh man, I want to send you an audio and tell you thank you. And I'm having one of those student moments. Here's a student moment. You ready? It's a moment when you have your coach, aka mentor or leader telling you to do something for years. And of course, you don't do it. You're like, I, you know, I'm not going to do it. I don't need to do it, blah, blah, blah. I've heard you talk about doing a paid traffic perfect webinar every week for a year. You did it 60 or 70 times, perfected the pitch and off of that webinar, that pitch you built the $100 million empire, which is ClickFunnels. I am 17 paid webinars in live in 2024 with our current offer and we are liquidating and profitable and making money. And I'm sitting here having this moment. I'm getting prepped for another one tomorrow and I'm watching your perfect webinar content again. And I'm just sitting here going, dude, what kind of idiot wait to talk? And yet my students do the exact same thing. So your frames work. They're incredible. And I don't see how any of us could think about automating a webinar without doing this 30 to 40 and 50 times. And I know my content in and out every week we're like twisting, adjusting and tweaking frames. No wonder your presentations are so solid. And what it's doing for me is allowing me to sell under a game of structure that has deep containers for all of my energy. Whereas up to this point, I didn't sell on energy, dude, I just sell certainty I'd deliver by the bucket holes. So on this glorious Monday, wherever you are, it might be around the world, my friend. Thank you for who you are and thank you for what you do. And hope you're having a fantastic day. Did Garrett round of applause? Okay, question for you. You told me backstage, you finally automate how many times do you live before you started the automation? 37 37 times. Now it's perfect. Now it's automated. Not one time, not two times. 37 times. That's how you win. So you build a hundred million dollar empire. Okay, you guys didn't come in this room to make 50 bucks or 100 bucks, right? You came to this room to start movements to create empires, you do it by consistently showing up and doing over and over and over again. Okay, now the goal of every funnel, like I said, it is one thing and one thing only. The goal of every funnel is to deliver your sales presentation and the sales presentation then delivers the offer. Okay, so we have to become masters at the one to many sales process. That is the key. That is the big secret. Okay, a lot of people ask me what funnels should I use Russell? The reality is it does not even matter. There's a lot of funnels that are just tools. Every single tool in the toolbox works. They do different things, right? My three favorite funnels right now to grow and scale businesses and brands are these a free challenge funnel or webinar funnel or live event funnel. Okay, which one's the best Russell? They're all great. Third doesn't matter. Pick one. Okay, right now you guys are in the middle of a live event funnel. You guys enjoying the process? It's amazing, right? Okay, sometimes you're just webinar funnels. Sometimes you challenge funnels. Somebody do a lot of them. It doesn't matter. People buy different ways. Okay, some people would never show up for a three-day event ever, but they'll show up for 90-minute webinars. Some people won't do 90-minute webinars, but they would challenge. So I do this one and this one. It doesn't even matter, but I still deliver the exact same message just through different different medias. Okay, all right, that leaves us now to secret number three. How do we create a starving crowd? Okay, I'm sure you guys a 60-second one to many hack that you can use to fill your funnels with your dream customers. And this concept came from one of the legends in our industries in Gary Halbert. He was nicknamed the Prince of Print, probably one of the greatest cooperators of all time. I had a chance to interview him when I was in college before he passed away and he's amazing. And Gary tells a really cool story. I used to watch videos of his old events and he'd come to an event and he'd tell all the students he's like, all right, I want to compete against you guys. We both have a hot dog stand. You can have any competitive advantage you want in the world. And I guarantee if you give me one competitive advantage back, I will win. And like, what do you want? People are like, okay, I want, I want the best tasting food. I want organic hot dogs. I want to be able to have, you know, I want to have best toppings, the best things like people give always different things like cool, you can have every one of those things. I will still beat you every single day. The only strategic advantage I want is I want a starving crowd. If I had that one thing, I will beat everything else. Okay. So you understand that our goal is to create starving crowds. How do we create stuff against people starving for more? So they want you. They are seduced. They want to come more towards you. Right? Okay. So there's a lot of ways to do this. One way I'm sure I just want to give you guys one really cool and now that's really, really powerful. Okay. It's taking this big, huge, perfect webinar and we're going to make a little tiny mini version of it. Okay. Now the person who kind of started doing this to our community, he's talked at Funnel Hack and I have two or three times around. It's really cool. His name's Eric Thane. Now it would happen. Come on stage and talk about this, but we don't have no time for that. So I took his stuff and I asked him, okay, if I kind of shared a mini version of it, but basically it takes the perfect webinar script and he shrinks it down to his 60 second framework. Okay. And the way he does the framework, there's hook, story, insert three secrets and then the offer. Okay. So you're taking the entire perfect webinar shrinking down to just 60 seconds and it works really well. And then you can use that for shorts, for rills and things like that to start creating desires, start creating a starving crowd. So they'll want to start coming to you for your longer form content. You guys want to see how this works? Okay. I've got three versions here. I got one of me, one of Eileen and one of Eric doing this. So the first one I'm going to watch right here, this is me doing a 60 second perfect webinar. Here we go. I subscribe to every email newsletter I possibly can. I've never unsubscribed from any of them. And here's why. When I tell people to do this, first off, they always freak out that I grow so I don't want to have a hundred thousand emails in my inbox, but there is actually a way to do it. We're going to have to deal with all of those messages. And so here's how I do it. Step number one, I set up a new Gmail account is just for the email newsletters. I want to read step number two is I set up a separate folder for everyone, the newsletters I subscribe to that women. They send email to the list, hits the inbox and goes directly into a folder. Step number three, if I want to work with that person's my dream 100 or maybe I'm buying ads in their newsletter, before I contact them, I go to that folder, I can see all the emails they sent out recently. I can read a bunch of them. And that way when I contact them, I have information about what they're working on in their business, what they're focusing on. It makes the relationship so much easier knowing what they're actually publishing. And so for you, if you've got a dream 100 list or someone you want to work with, I highly recommend doing the same thing. Join every newsletter inside of your industry that way you know exactly what's happening. When you contact people, you'll know exactly what you talk about with them. Boom, there you go. Many perfect webinar. Okay, here's Eric Thane doing his many perfect webinar. I've founded multiple seven figure businesses and this is what my calendar looks like. You see, true productivity isn't doing more work. It's getting more output per unit of input, which actually means doing less work but getting more done. So here's three things I do to get more done in less time so I can grow my business without eating up all of my time. One, clear your mornings, move all your meetings and other tasks to the afternoon. It's been proven that we're actually most productive in the morning because it's easier to get into a flow state, whereas later in the day, you get tired, your energy level drops and your willpower is lower. Two, do high leverage activities. Use your morning to do highly valuable work that moves the needle in your business. These are things like writing copy, creating content, building systems, working on the business and making connections with other people. Three, find creative space. Every day, take an hour off. Every week, take a day off. Every month, take a week off. And every year, take a month off. By taking one step back to let your mind reset, you'll gain massive clarity on your direction so that you can come back and make 10 giant leaps forward. If you want to maximize and automate your time, I've created a list of 20 tools I use on a daily basis to automate my life so I can get more done in less time. Comment tools down below and I'll DM it to you for free. Boom. All right, air ground pause. Our last one here is Eileen doing her 60 second perfect webinar. I know people who are broke, but they have a million followers. How is this possible? Let me tell you. People can have attention, audience, and incredible engagement. However, they could be broke as a joke and ready to choke because they have not learned to monetize that audience completely different skillset. The one thing that needs to be created is figuring out what that audience wants to buy. You can do that by doing these three tips. Number one, ask that audience, hey, what's your number one challenge trying to accomplish this XYZ? Then step two, listening for all of their responses. Gather that intel. This is like a brain trust literally telling you what they want to buy. And then number three is creating a package around that thing that they want to buy. It could be a mastermind VIP day with you. People will always pay for proximity, but mastering monetization is creating an offer around what that hungry tribe of buyers wants to buy. If you'll do this, you will not only have attention, but you will have monetization. Hey, if you're enjoying this content and you want more resources so that you can crush your communication and grow your business, comment the word success down below where my team will shoot you my best and free training. All right. Finally, we have a pause. Okay, so you see, we start understanding and learning and mastering this one many selling process. It's not just 90 minute perfect webinars. You're also using it short form to get traffic and people start coming to you. You start creating a starving crowd. They hear your messages over and over and over again. Right? Some of these rules are crazy. You get 100,000, 200,000, 500,000 people to watch this story and starts creating desire, creating interest. Then they come back into your world for the long form content where you can give an actual presentation where you can move them into the things you really want. Okay? So I have a question for you guys. We've covered a lot so far in the last hour. My question for you guys is if you think if you follow this process, like, let's say you go back down when we're done here, you focus number one on building out a level 10 offer, an offer that you can sell for a thousand, 10,000 or $25,000, right? Something where you find a pain point that the audience really needs help with, right? If you have that. And then number two, then you create a one to many presentation to help break all the faults, beliefs in people's minds so that they can move with you so you can help change their life and they can get them to actually buy. And then from there, you go on the road of going every single week, week after week, going live, doing the process, putting your rules out, getting more traffic, more people, building a starving crowd so you can get your two common clothes, two common words of impact. How many of us feel like if you did that, if you follow this process, you could actually be successful. We've been talking about over the last couple of days. Okay. Yeah. This is the game plan. This is literally what we do every single day. Okay. It's something all of you guys can do as well. All right. Really quick. I'm going to jump, boom, break the fourth wall. I'm back. Okay. That right there, you guys, was the next part of the perfect webinar. Okay. With the first part, it's basically an hour. We did the origin story. We talked about the three secrets. Now after that, if we've done our job correctly and we've done the presentation correctly, knock down the big domino, people are ready to buy and now they just need you to make an offer. Right? Now, what most people do is they do the offer wrong. They present it weird and it just gets awkward and then people don't buy it. Right? How many of you guys have ever been to a car dealership and you find a car and you really want this car? Are you ready to go buy it? And then what happens then the salesman starts talking to you and asking you these questions and keeps trying to sell to you and he like sells you out of actually buying. Has that ever happened to you guys before? Finally, you're like, just get me out of here. I'm out here. Right? So it's important. Even if someone wants to right now, if you don't present the offer in the right way, then everything can fall apart. Okay. So we present the offer through a process called the stack in the clothes and usually the stack in the clothes takes about 30 minutes. Okay. And again, if we do this correctly, then the big domino fall, everything goes apart and then we can transition to people and actually buying what we want. Okay. So that's how the perfect webinar works. How the last step, which is the stack in the clothes. Okay. Now, when I moved from the content training section into the actual offer, the very first thing I do is I ask for permission for them to allow me to actually sell them something before I do it. I didn't used to do this. I used to like go from the awkward of like, I'm teaching you a bunch of content and now I'm going to sell you something. It's this awkward transition. It's painful and it's embarrassing and it's just like the worst thing ever. And I had a coach one day tell me before you transition from the content to the offer, always ask their permission. And I was like, I'm not going to ask them their permission to sell. Like that's like the scariest thing in the world. Right. Like I said, there's no way I'm going to do that. And I remember the next time I spoke, I was doing something and I was, I was doing it. I teach you, I start transitioning the offer and people are standing up and like walking out awkward and like, you got some people who are like, always, this is a sales pitch. And then I was weird and so I thought, okay, next time I'm just going to try it once and see how it works. So next time I did my entire presentation, the content size presentation, I stopped and said, okay, that's everything I had planned for you guys today. But I know that like everything I gave you is great, but I want to be able to work with you and take this on the road. Like, like, I only had 90 minutes to talk to you. I'm going to get so much done, but imagine if we could leave this, this environment and get a spot where we actually sit down and we can work together and workshop and get things actually done. I think I could change your lives. Are you guys cool if I spend five or 10 minutes really quick going through a special offer we created for you that will take you to help actually help you implement this into your business today. You guys okay if I do that real quick? And then they say yes, right. You make that transition and then from there you transition to the close. Okay, that's kind of a process work. So I have a question for you guys right now. This is my question, right? Over the last couple days, we've been talking a lot about cell phones and driving traffic and showing you all the amazing tools and features like flip phones. I've been going live twice today, went deep showing you guys the one to many selling from and how you actually do it. How many of you guys are excited about one to many selling? You're like, this is amazing, right? This gives you leverage, it gives you a change everything. But the reality is, like, if I just left you guys right here, like, you have a bunch of ideas like how do you actually implement? How do you do it? How do you make sure you don't go the wrong way? How do you make sure you have accountability and someone to actually help you? Okay, now obviously, we came here today at this event to spend some time with you guys to share everything that we can show you about this, but there's a lot more work to do. Like I want to get down to in your slides, figure out what your office, figure out what your hook, what your stories like, all that kind of stuff. And I can't do that here because we have so many people and so we put together something really special. We can actually take you outside this environment and starting Monday, you can work with me and my team to start actually building out your offer step by step and then your slides step by step and then getting traffic step by step. You guys cool if I spend 10 or 15 minutes real quick going through exactly that special offers for you guys? You guys cool with that? If your home cool with that, if your friends are cool with the question, say, yes Russell, yes Russell, I want to see because if not, I'm good. I know this stuff already. I can just leave and go back to bed. Okay, these, okay, you guys want, all right, all right. Okay, does that have your permission to share this with you guys? Okay, cool. All right, so I created a really special offer for you guys. I'm curious to hear how many guys would like my help to do a couple things. Number one, how do you guys want my help to help you actually create your level 10 offer? Right? One that is a big enough problem, big enough audience you can actually make some money from, right? Okay, number two, how many guys want me to help you to actually write your presentation? Okay, and then how many guys want me to help you to actually take it on the road, help you to get traffic and so you can start growing and scaling your personal webinar over and over again so you can get your two commas worth of impact? Okay, very cool. My goal for you guys and hopefully your goal is similar. My goal for you guys is to get you to win one of these awards, either two comic club or two comic books. Not because, not because I care about you guys making a lot of money, I actually couldn't care any less. Okay, but I know for people who win a two comic club or the amount of lives I've had to change to make a million dollars out of a funnel is huge. Presenter of two comic club X, like it's phenomenal, like literally like if you could see the impact that you will have by going after and pursuing this goal, you will change more people's lives in the pursuit of this dream and pursue this goal than anything else you could possibly do. Okay, you moving forward is like a boat moving through the water and behind you is this wake of contribution. The people's lives you change by you pursuing this dream and pursuing this goal will change all these people's lives forever. Okay, that's what I'm interested in. Okay, the awards are just the goal, right? It's something to move towards, but the wake of contribution, the people's lives you change because you pursue that goal is what I'm interested in. Okay, but once you have that same goal, okay, how many of you guys have a goal to win a two comic club award? And we was like, I'm gonna win a two comic club award or if you've won one already, I'm gonna win two comic club X or if you won that already, I want two comic club C. Which award do you guys want? Let me know in the sides. Which one do you want? Is it X? Is it C? Do you want the two hard award? Which, which comic do you guys want? I need to see in the chat which one do you guys all want? Because I'm not moving forward because I know I've got all the awards. I like them all. All right, which one do you want? We got to scroll these up. All the messages come in but I can't see them. Oh, here we are. Two comic club X, you want to see? See? Two comic X, two hard awards, two hard awards, two hard awards. Cool. Okay, I told you guys before, Napoleon will talk about there's two things, right? You just have a definite purpose and then that was step number one and step number two is a burning desire. Now a burning desire is not like, oh yeah, I want to win a two comic club Russell. A burning desire is like, I will do everything in my power to make sure I'm successful. I will burn all the other ships, I will burn the boats, I will do whatever takes to be successful. Okay, I want to show you guys a really quick video. It's from my friends Dana Derricks. He won Intercircle Member of the Year, year two and he came to Funnel Hacking Live, seven or eight years ago and when he got off Funnel Hacking Live, he sent me this video the next day and this is someone who didn't like kind of want a two comic club award, didn't want to dabble, but this someone who's like, I will figure out how to do this at whatever costs, whatever takes. So check out this quick video from Dana Derricks. Dana Derricks here. I just wanted to shoot a quick video for those of you that were at the Funnel Hacking Live event, you were absolutely blown away by it. If you're like me and a lot of the people there, we walked away without one of those nice fancy awards called the two comic club award and that kind of left a little bit of a sour taste in my mouth and what I mean by that is I want one of those and I don't want one of those, I want a lot of them. This is my wall, right? At my office. This is a permanent marker. This is what I'm doing. This is a wall with a permanent marker. This is my name. Okay, see what I did there? Now, guess what I get to look at every single time I walk into my office? Guess what I'm going to do for the next 12 months? Okay, that's going to piss me off every single day because that needs to be covered up. Now, I encourage you to do the same thing. I don't care if it's in your office, if it's in your bedroom, if it's on your refrigerator, if it's on your forehead, I don't care. Do that. Okay, you're going to be standing on stage with some of these. Okay, good luck to you. Okay, all right, so you had a definite purpose because you had a burning desire and he increases that desire by singing it day after day after day after day, right? That's the key. It was crazy about the story. Is Dana Dary set that goal? Drew the thing on his wall. My wife would have killed me. I don't know about his wife, but in less than 12 months, Dana was on stage at Funal Hiking Live receiving his Two Comma Quebec's award. Give me a round of applause. Because for him, it was just like, oh, yeah, I have a goal. Yeah, I want to do that thing. I have a definite purpose. I want to go to the Comma little board. It was beyond that. It was a burning desire. Okay, that's the people who succeed those who have a burning desire. Okay, all right, now I'm looking for a few of my dream clients who I can help turn this calling that you have into a career. Okay, we do this so that you can change the lives of the people you've been called to serve. Okay, that is the mission statement of ClickFun. That's what we do here. Right, we free all entrepreneurs so they can change the lives of people they've been called to serve. And the way you're going to do it the fastest is by creating one of many presentations, one of many sales presentations that you can plug into a funnel. Okay, that's it. That's the game plan. All right. Okay, so the special offer I created for you guys is called Fountainhead. Somebody was like, why did you call it Fountainhead? Okay, partly because I enjoy I and Ranch, wrote Alastair, I first looked at what's called Fountainhead. But Fountainhead, if you look at what the word actually means, it's a metaphor for someone who's an original thinker or a creator who's the source of innovation and progress. I don't know about you guys, but for most of us, like that defines us, right? We are original thinkers. We are creators. We're someone whose goal is innovation and progress. Okay, and my goal as coaching programs is to take you guys from a fountain from an innovator from a creator into someone who's actually a prime mover, who's taking their ideas, innovating, creating, but then using it to create movements of people that they can change the world. You are the immovable mover, but you have to learn how to move people. Okay, that's the game plan. That's how it works. All right, so we walk through the outs for work. Step number one, the first thing we got to do is we have to create your level 10 offer as soon as humanly possible. Okay, every second you do not have a level 10 offer, you are literally bleeding money. Do you understand that? Okay, I've had people who've been coming from like for a year after year after year, they still have an offer out there. I'm like, dude, you've been going every single day, you don't have an offer out there. You are bleeding money. We have to stop everything else you're going out and focus on getting you an offer that people will want to buy. Step number one, okay? Let's get that out. Okay, so the first thing we're going to do is decide the prime mover foundation. Step number one is going to create your offer. Now, for all you guys, it's going to be different. Some of you guys are going to be 1000 offer, some of 10,000, some of 25,000 offer. I don't care which one you're going to pick, we're going to pick one of those. The good news for you is I've sold people offers at all those prices. I know how to create a really good 1000 offer that we'll actually sell. Again, here's the one idea of Grant Cardone's event. It was a 3000 offer we sold a bunch of them. So I can teach you how to build a 1000 offer that will actually convert. Or if you want to sell a 10,000 offer, I've got one as well. This is a 10,000 offer we have for our certification program. And I've literally sold, people are like, well, you can't sell webinars over $1,000. You can't sell a webinar over $2,000. Who made up this rule? It's the stupidest rule in the world. I created a 10,000 offer, wrote a webinar, pitched it, and guess what? We sold millions of dollars worth of this thing. So we can teach you how to create a 10,000 offer that you can also sell through in one of many sales presentations. 25,000 offer, same kind of thing. We've got multiple 25,000 offers. Whenever kind of offer you want to create, I know how to do it. I've done it over and over and over again. We have a recipe. It's not complicated. You follow the recipe and boom, you have an offer now you can put into the marketplace. That's the first thing. Then we go through and create an entire offer stack. Now you have an offer you can sell. Some of you guys are like, but Russell, this is so cool, but I don't actually have a product. I don't even know what to do. I'm at the very beginning. I'm so confused. I'm overwhelmed. If you are stuck or frustrated, overwhelmed, don't know what to do. I've got really good news for you. Don't worry. I created a course called Course Secrets. One of the best products I've ever put together and teaches you how to create an actual product. This is you. You don't have a product yet. The very first thing you do before you jump into the primary coaching program is I'm going to give you free access to this course. You go through them. The time it's done, you will have an entire product done. This is your framework. It's going to be all the things like everything you need to be able to have something to actually sell. Teach you how to create your framework, how to teach your framework, how to record it, how to put in a membership site, all that kind of stuff will happen. By the time you finish Course Secrets, your product will be done and now we can start running and create your one to many presentation. Step one is creating the offer. Step number two then, then we have to create and write your one to many presentation. The difference between a million dollar offer that bombs and one that makes a ton of money is the presentation. That's it. The offer does not sell itself ever. How many years right now know you have an offer that's better than anybody else in the marketplace? There's so many in the marketplace who's kicking your butt. How frustrating is that? What you do is better. You can change more people's lives, but they're winning. The reason why is because you do not have the skill set yet. The good news is it's a very learnable, very easy skill to master. But until you do that, no one's going to buy the offer. No one's life is going to change. You're not going to make any money and you're literally bleeding money. So that's the step number two is writing the presentation. So here's how we're going to get done as fast as possible because money follows speed. I don't want this to be something that's going to happen money on or someday or in the future. I need this to happen to you guys today. So this is the way the coaching program works. There are six facilitated trainings. These facilitated trainings are amazing. Each one is a one day event and there's six of them. The very first event you're going to figure out your level 10 offer. You're going to create that offer and you're going to build one slide and one slide only. Your offer stack slide. By the time the first event is done, you'll know your offer is and you'll have a stack slide. You'll be good. After you've done that, then you've graduated to the second step. Second step, we're going to figure out what your one thing is, your three secrets. You're going to write a couple of headlines. By the time the second event is done, you will have four slides done. Offer stack slide, headline slide, three secret slide. You have three slides, that I mean. Okay? Those are the three slides. Then you move on to number three. Number three, you're going to figure out what is the origin story. We're going to build on that part of the slide. Next one, you go through six events and by the time the six events are done, your offer is done, your presentation is done, your funnel is done, and now we can start driving traffic and have something that can work. Okay? So how does this actually work, Russell? Okay? The way it works is we're doing facilitated trainings all the time. In fact, the very first module number one literally starts Monday. There's a live training happening on Monday where you can jump in. So Monday, we can get started figuring out exactly what your offer is and getting that done so you never have to stress about it again. Okay? If you're like, but Monday, what if I'm not ready by Monday? Monday, the good news is my team does these facilitated events. See six events multiple times every single week. So I can do it on Monday, but I can do it on Thursday. I can do it on Friday. I'm doing it two weeks now. Like, it doesn't matter. You guys have access to this. You go into our calendar. You find out when's the next module one you'll jump into. It's a live one day event. Okay? My trainers walk the entire process until it's done. We've done the module two and module three. Some of you guys are crazy. You're like, I'm going to get these all done this month and you go four weeks in a row, boom, boom, boom, boom, and get it all done. And that's totally cool. Some of you guys are going to go a little slower and then we do one per month or one product doesn't matter to me. Okay? In fact, one thing I'm going to do, I wasn't, we're planning to do this. I was just going to give you guys access for like 12 months or something, but I want to make sure there's no excuses like, I can't do it. I can't figure out time. So I'm going to do this really cool is everyone who gets involved today, I'm going to give you lifetime access to this for the lifetime that we're doing this. Okay? What that means is kind of like imagining when to college and you go to college, you pay for one semester of college, but then you can go to college for the rest of your life forever for free. Never cost anything else. That's what this is. Okay? The reason why I slaughter you guys are probably going to do more than one webinar in your future. You're going to do a webinar for your $1,000 course and you're like, I want to do one for my $10,000. I want to make $100,000. Okay? So all you do is every time you're going to get a new presentation, you log in, six events, watch the first one, boom, you got your offer done. Watch the second one, boom, you got your one thing, your three secrets. Watch the third and boom, boom, boom, and then you watch the next funnel. Okay? So we'll give you guys lifetime access to the facilitated trainings. Who's lifetime you're probably wondering? Is it Russell's? Is it yours? Okay? It's the lifetime of the program for as long as I'm doing this, which is going to be a long time because I love this game. Okay? So six facilitated trainings and they are amazing. We've got 100 plus people going through right now and the results have been amazing. Okay? This way, facilitated trainings work. You log in the membership site, you see all the trainings in there, you pick a date and time, you go with a live coach, live coach, you see his calendar, you're like, okay, there's one on Monday, sweet, I need a module number one. You go through the process and then, oh, sorry, one step, I forgot. So the utilize training with the coach and then after you don't the live training, the coaches that have two jobs. Okay? Job number one, do live training, job number two, answer questions for the rest of the week on anybody who's stuck with any part of live training. So we have open office hours happening multiple times a week. So you do live training, I'm stuck in the office, I still can't figure out how to make it work for me, Russell. Cool. Jump on the call, he'll ask you the questions or he'll work you through the questions, help you figure out the offers. If you still can't figure out, then he will call me, say Russell, so it's okay. Still can't figure out the offer, what should it be? And I will jump in, I'll intervene and I'll help you get it figured out. Okay? That way, you're never stuck. I do know why you guys are getting stuck. Okay? The facilitated event happens, open office hours happen the rest of the week. If they can't figure it out, they jump with me, I get the answer to you. That way you will be doing it, everybody's stuck. And these events are happening, like I said, multiple times every single week, every single module. So wherever you're at in the game, you can plug in and start using it immediately. Okay? And after you get that, then you move on to the next event, and you keep doing that until the six events are done, and then boom, you're ready to rock and roll. Sound good? So the end result of this section of the training is you will have a presentation, every single slide done, offer, sex slide done, everything finished, you have a presentation finished, and now you can go out there and you can start presenting your presentation to the many. Okay? Because again, the process is simple, right? Create a level 10 offer, write a one to many presentation, boom, and you're on your path to newcomers worth of impact. Okay? And then you go out there and you have a chance to launch it. We launched the funnel, we're so excited, and this is what happens. You launch the funnel, okay? You give your one to many presentation, you make your level 10 offer, and then you earn your newcomers worth of impact, right? That's the goal. Okay? That's what we're moving towards. Now, as I was putting these slides together, Chris Cameron, who's here in the office in the room somewhere, he's one of our facilitators. He's the main facilitator for this program right here. So he's on the calls, everybody, he's like, hey, do you want some success stories? He's got tons of them. People are going through these events that blow in their mind. I'm like, yeah, give me some. And so he sends me this video, and it was insane from Nadia Nicole, who are the Wealth Twins. They are literally in the program right now. I don't know if they've launched it like a week away from launching, they're almost to the end. Is that the launch now? All right. They did one in my life. Sweet. So they are at the end, they got the webinar live, which is amazing. This they sent like a week or two before that. So check out this is what they said about what's happening inside the Facilitated Training programs. Hi guys, I'm Nadia. And I'm Nicole, we're the Wealth Twins. We want to talk to you about experience in Fountainhead. Guys, if you ever tried to implement the perfect webinar in the past, I've ever done webinars, you know, building out one is not easy. But really, what the Way Fountainhead is set up in the program to lay out the content and the tools and resources they give you, it makes the process so simple. It's kind of hard to fail. Yeah, speaking about those resources, this takes it to the next level because you actually have live coaching and open office hours, where you can ask questions. And not only are you able to ask questions, you're asking those questions to people who have done this in the past and have been successful with this. I think this is an excellent coaching program and it's helped us transform our webinar. Truthfully guys, if you want to be successful and you want to work with people who are really invested in your success, along with actually implementing and learning how to implement the perfect webinar the right way, then there's no brainer. Join Fountainhead and then thank Russell later. Awesome. Give him a round of applause. Okay. I mean, as you can imagine right now, you're getting started in six weeks from now or six days now, depending how aggressive you are, your webinar could be done. I mean, I've been thinking about this for a long time, like a week or a month or a year or two years or five years. Okay, I first introduced the concept of the perfect webinar in the script almost a decade ago. Okay, yeah, most people are like, I read the book, I read, I saw the thing, I saw Russell, he talks about it over like, but you haven't actually done it yet. Okay, this is our, my job is get you off the sidelines and plug you into the game so you can actually get the thing done. Okay, so the very first thing you're going to get when you get started today is you're going to access the Fountainhead coaching program, which is amazing. Again, you're going to help you create a level 10 offer. We help, if you don't have an offer yet, we'll give you course secrets, we have master your one to many presentation, total value right now of $24,997. Now I have a question for you guys. Listen, you do all the work, you go through the six events, your webinar is done, you launch, you put it out there, right? You're so excited, you put out there, you make your one to many presentation, you make your level 10 offer, and then you're on your way to two-pounds with the impact of the problem is you make the pitch and nobody buys, and it feels like this. Yeah, what do you do then? Okay, a lot of people are like, oh, okay, this one to many stuff is scam, Russell doesn't work, this doesn't work, everything's fake, this isn't, like, I knew it, give my money back, all the false police are coming back, start freaking out, and the reality is when the first time you do a webinar, it's not going to convert, it's not going to work, I promise you that. I remember in your circle, when people joined your circle originally back today, we told everyone at Creative Webinar, we were going to launch it, and you were only allowed to focus on one webinar, so they made a million dollars, that was the focus, that was the goal everyone was doing, right? And so they're focusing on it, and the night before everyone messes with me, okay, Russell, when webinar's live tomorrow, I got 300 people registered, it's going to be amazing, and then they're minding, like, we're going to make, like, all sorts of money, and I always mess with them, and I'm like, cool, so excited for you, just so you know, it's probably going to fail, don't stress out, as soon as it's done, mess with me, I'll tell you what to do next. They're like, what, I thought you were going to be all pumped up from there, I know, I just know, I've been on this path over and over and over again, first one is going to suck, it's not going to be very good, but that's okay, this is not the end all be all, this is you learning the process, okay? The very first webinar is not going to go good, okay, and the reason why is because you suck, in fact, I want to bring Gary back one more time, because he said something in the front of the hockey line, the very first front of the hockey line we ever had, it was so prolific, so powerful, we all understand this, okay? Because the very first webinar you do is going to suck, and this is the reason why. So first of all, if you understand, no matter what you try, in the beginning, it's going to suck, because you suck, but you'll get better and you'll suck less, as you keep doing this, and eventually you'll suck less, so little, that you'll actually be good. But just surrender to the fact that you're going to suck. Okay, so at first you're going to suck, okay? And that's okay, everybody does, this is not something we do once, I'm giving you guys lifetime access to this, okay? Because I need you guys to get better and better and better. Your movement is waiting for you to get better, okay? People that followed me 10 years ago, a lot of people didn't follow me because I wasn't ready, I kept doing it, and they kept doing it, I found my voice, I got better at it, more people started following me, okay? But it comes from constant, consistent repetition and doing the things, okay? Again, the big secret, doing a weekly webinar live. So we're going to do a webinar live, we're going to go through the process, we're going to promote it, you get traffic, you're going to do a first webinar, first one's going to bomb, you're going to end up in your hotel room eating hock and doze ice cream and coconut shrimp, crying your eyes out, depressed, it's not going to work, you're also in your mind, you're here to vox and wrestle, don't worry, it's all good, we're going to try again next week, export the comments, see what's wrong. Export the comments, 99% of the time, what did you guys do wrong? Spoiler alert, you talk too much, you start talking to the freaking monkeys, it's not about the monkeys, it's about the elephant, okay? So that's what's going to be the answer, then you come back, you're going to tweak it, you're going to pull out all the techno babble, you're going to simplify it really good, you come back to the second webinar, you're going to go live, it's going to go awesome, you're going to promote it one day, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday webinar happens, you go, you crush it, and you get zero sales, you're like, dang it didn't work again, why not? And when you look at the webinar and what's almost always going to happen is you kept teaching too much, you were teaching the what? No, you go through the process, you learn, you teach the how, sorry, you teach the what, not the how, and you were teaching the how, so you pull the how out, you do the webinar again, boom, third time, go, so you're going Monday to promote, Tuesday to promote, Wednesday to promote, Wednesday to promote, Wednesday, boom, you promote it, it goes live, 300 people on, they register, you close 15 people, and you're like, off to the races, and then you're live again, and live again, and live again, and you're going to build this thing, and you're going to build the movement, you're going to build something that will change the world, okay? You have to learn mastery, this is not something you dabble, and hopefully get good at, it's something you have to master, so the second thing you're going to get when you're getting involved today is actually we call, access what we call one to many mastery, okay? One to many mastery is after the six things are over, and you got your webinar done, and launch it, now we're going through the process of iteration over and over and over again, it gets you better and better and better doing this, okay? This is one of my favorite things we offer, a whole bunch of really cool things, number one, inside of the one to many mastery, I do funnel debriefs and sales, how many of you guys enjoyed the funnel debrief I did yesterday, show you guys how to see the four funnels, yeah? Okay, we do this every single month for this group, okay? So this funnel debrief, I'm going through, showing my webinar funnel, showing this, what worked, what didn't work, like this whole event's done, guess the first thing I'm going to do, I get home, maybe not the first thing, I'm taking that first, but I'm going to be doing an entire funnel debrief, what happened to funnel hacking in live 10, for our final head members, they're going to see it and get a whole bunch of ideas of like what they can do, what they can tweak, what they can add from that, okay? So we get access to all the funnel debriefs, there's a lot of really cool things in there, every time I do a new funnel or new launch or new webinar, we do funnel debriefs and plug them in there. Second thing is the webinar swipe file, how many of you would like to see every webinar that I've ever done in my entire life that converted, okay? If you're like, man, I don't know how to pitch $25,000 off of Russell, well here's three webinars where I did $25,000 off from stage, go watch them, see how I did it, I don't know how to pitch $1000 on our continuity program, Russell, oh here's one I did right here, so you can literally see all the webinars I've ever done in the past, how I positioned, you can watch it and then just model what I did, okay? So this is the webinar swipe file of all my best presentations, number three is called improv webinars, okay? This is Allison Prince, you guys may not know, but the very first time I met Allison Prince, she came to Boise for an event where I was teaching one to many selling, we spent two days with her and with the entire group, at the end of it I picked one person on stage, I was like, I want to do an improv webinar with you. So I had Allison come up and I said, tell me about your business and I spent 15 minutes asking her questions, I wrote her a headline, wrote out three secrets, wrote an offer, she sat down and I went live, boom, and I did her entire perfect webinar for her and then gave it to her and then she took it back and then she did it. This is what I do now for 100,000 our day clients, they come in and I do the same process, so what's cool is I have four or five of these already in here and every time I have 100,000 our client, when it's done, I plug that improv webinar in here and that way you can see me pitching other people's products and you see like, I don't have to know anything about your product, as long as I know human psychology, how to speak to the elephant, I know what the offer is, I know a couple different stories, I can sell anything and you guys can as well, okay? So you'll see me doing this over and over and over again and you guys will become masters, we're literally gonna, you could become a pitchman and just go to other people's offers and sell them for them if you want to, like that's how powerful you'll get at it. So that's the improv mastery, copy and paste closes, I showed you guys some of the stories I tell to rewire the elephant, is that pretty cool seeing that in the last session? Okay, we have a whole section here of copy and paste closes, they're different closes that I use to get people to tell stories, you guys can take these, you can copy and paste them into your presentations, like the Mark Schultz close, you can grab that one from here, other ones as well. Every one time I see really good stage presenters that have really good closes, I plug these in there as well, so this is an archive of videos and presentations with the greatest speakers in the world you can watch to see exactly how they are doing this and you can model these closes inside of your presentations as well, so that's a bunch of things you get, there's a whole bunch more, but those are my favorite things inside the one and many mastery, which is all part of it, and the coolest thing about this, this is a living product, this is not like a membership site that's got old stuff in there, like I'm always adding this, it's a community, you can talk there, you can hang out in there, so something's always growing and always getting better, okay? So the first thing you get when you invest today, again, is fountain head, we're going to learn how to create a level 10 offer, we get core secrets, one and many mastery, number two, you get the one and many mastery, everything I just showed you guys right now, total value right now of $54,994, okay? Now next thing is again, I told you guys that the goal of every single sales funnel is literally just to deliver your sales presentation so you can actually make an offer, okay? And I told you guys before, of all the funnel types right now, they're the best to do a one to many presentation, it all comes down to one of these three, either a free challenge funnel, a webinar funnel or a live event funnel, okay? The cool thing is I love these funnels, I do them a lot, we debrief them a lot, but we also coach you guys on how to do these as well, so if you're like, I want to do a live event funnel, cool, there's training that I'll show you guys, if you want something else, and all this training right now is found inside of a second section, it's kind of hidden inside the membership site, where we stored all of the linchpin training. How many of you guys last year, if I'm like a live member, I went deep teaching the concept of linchpin, okay? I'm still obsessed with linchpin, but I found after coaching it for the last year, most people don't have a good offer and they don't know how to sell, and so they've ended up with the linchpin, they struggle. That's why we're leading right now with this, teaching you guys how to sell, how to create an offer, after you've mastered that, then the next step is to plug into linchpin. This is how you grow a company for a million dollars year to a hundred million dollars year, is the linchpin, okay? What's cool about this is linchpin training, there are six live events that happen multiple times every single month, so when you are ready for that, when you master one of many presentations, like cool, we're also, I got this, one more two comic book, how do I get to a hundred million dollars? I'm like cool, plug into linchpin, six live trainings, you have lifetime access to it, jumping in and our guys will walk you, exactly how to do everyone the funnel, how do you build a continuity program, how do you build a MISKI funnel, how do you do your dramatic demonstration, your challenging webinar funnel, how do you do your high-take funnel, like all that stuff is in there as well for you guys, these are live trainings that you can access whenever you want, you have lifetime access to them as well, okay? So again, you get the fountain head, you get one of many mastery, you also get the linchpin coaching program, total value of $79,991. The next question is like cool, Russell's awesome, but I don't have a list, I don't have a following, or how in the world do I get people to actually show up every single week? That sounds nice, I would love to have many people to speak to every single week, the problem is I have one and I don't have any many, how do I get the many, right? Okay, so that's the next part of the offer, I want to give everything I need to be successful, okay? So we have another really cool program put together recently called conversation domination, this is how to dominate attention on every single platform, okay? This is how you create these starving fans, okay? And I got this concept initially, I was actually at TNC and Gary Vaynerchuk said something that was super prolific and powerful, and this is like a 30 second clip of him explaining it one more time, so this is from Gary Vee. I think this is the television in 1965, if you look at TV 1965, that's what I think this is, and I think YouTube, Instagram, and Facebook are ABC, NBC, and CBS, so do I think, and then I think I within it is MASH and happy days. Got it? So that's the system, and so what you need to do is for your business, figure out the channels where you could be the star of that network. So that's the concept, what we do inside conversation domination is we teach you guys how to become the master of each of these different networks. Now initially, I'm not going to have you guys go and do all of them because that's the dumbest thing in the world, you can pick one to focus on, and then from there, it's like when somebody opens YouTube, if you decide to YouTube your thing, when your dream customers open YouTube, they should only see you, right? Conversation domination, okay? If Facebook's you choose, same thing, on Facebook they should see you everywhere. If they're on Instagram, whatever platform you decide to pick and focus on, you want it set up where someone opens that phone, all they see is you over and over and over again, okay? That's a great conversation domination to get people to start filling up your funnels week in and week out, okay? So we have our webinar registration page, we know every single week we do a live event, and then the focus is like how do we start getting traffic from all these sources, okay? We layer them in, they're the first one, the second one, the third one, the fourth one, that's how we consistently get a thousand, two thousand, five thousand people every single week to be coming to our live events, okay? We'll show you guys how to do that through conversation domination. Inside the train, there's a lot of things, there's, we teach how to do it through Dream 100, how to do it through traffic that you earn, like free media, traffic control, paid media, this is, I believe, the greatest traffic course on the entire internet. It's cool because it's always evolving and growing, this is not a stagnant course. Yeah, next slide. This is a living product, everything that we're learning, what we're developing, what we're innovating, all goes in here, it's a community-sized well, so we're all talking, hanging out, networking, figuring out the best ways to get more traffic into our funnels consistently, okay? So again, first off, you get fountainhead, next you want to get many masters, you get the linchpin coaching, you also get conversation domination, total value right now, $99,988, but wait, there's more, okay? And this is one more thing I thought would be kind of cool. This is something that, I call this a Black Card, the two column club X Black Card coaching, and this is something that actually came last year, I was with the Atlas Group, and we were at this place called Pirates Cove, my favorite place in the world, we all come and we have a huge mastermind meeting there, and while we were there, I remember us having this conversation around a dinner table, and I was talking about how for my team, the way I train my team, is like, if I need them to do something, I make a video and I send them the video, right? The copies are on our page, I make a video, I send it to my team, they fix the copy. If traffic's not working, I want to change the strategy on Instagram, on Facebook, whatever, I make a video, I send it to my team, and they make the updates. And remember, I think it was Andy said, I would pay you any amount of money, if you would just give me those videos so I could give them to my team as well. I was like, that's a really good idea. There's a problem, I could solve that, right? And it's a deep problem. Like, how many of you guys are like, all of the training videos I send to my staff training them how to do traffic conversions and sales, how many of you like those trainings you could have and just give to your staff as well, okay? All right, so in the future, we're talking about training this into an actual like high, high ticket, like very big coaching program, right? Everything that we found here is typically what you're going to be doing, but the two comic book back card is like, all this stuff you'd give to your staff to train them to actually fill your funnel, get the traffic. Now, maybe you don't have staff yet, maybe you were the staff, which is totally like possible. I was the entire staff for the first like five or six years of my business. I was the traffic guy, I was the Facebook guy, I did all the things, right? I was the copy writer, I was doing everything. And so you could use this to train yourself in the short term, and then you start building a team, you started plugging this in to the hiring team, okay? So black card is all these videos I give my team for everything. So this is the program, again, in the future by plan, this is to be like a $60,000 high ticket program for people who want me to train their entire staff and their teams, which is about $50,000 a month. But because you guys are here having as one beta access to this as well, okay? All right, if you guys want beta access, when you get started, say what we'll do is I'll give you guys access to this, and I will give you lifetime access, which means you will have access to this. And as I'm adding things in the future, when people are paying $70,000 a year, you have access to it as well. As long as you promise me not to tell them, you got it for free. You guys don't promise that? In the comments, say I promise. Russell, I promise. Otherwise, I can't give it to you because I need to make sure that they don't know. Because this is what the offer is worth, okay? Okay, these guys promise on the side. Okay, okay. All right, I'll give it to you guys. This is going to be amazing. You're going to love it. Okay? All right, so that means here's everything you get when you guys start today. You get the found head coaching program. You get the one to many mastery, linchpin coaching program, conversation nomination, the two comic book black card, $129,000. Obviously, I'm not going to charge $129,000, right? This is like if I was to charge each individually, it'd be insane, right? My goal for you guys though is to get you guys here as quick as possible. How do I get you guys to win a two comic book award or two comic book bags, get next level as quick as I can? And my question to you is that let's say you go through this process and you go and you win a two comic book award, right? Would winning a two comic book award be worth $129,000? Yeah, I made a million dollars. I will pay you a hundred and a second tenth of it, right? So of course, if you get the goal at the end, it'd be worth $129,000. So it's not crazy like to think that, right? This is the problem. This is the solution. You pay one tenth of it for the answer. It's not that big a deal. Okay? So my question is if all this did was get you into two comic book would it be worth that? Would it be worth $100,000? Okay? Now, does this work? Okay? I showed you this earlier. In the last, since we started the two comic book, 2,522 people have won a two comic book award, which is crazy. 342 have won two comic book X, 105 won two comic book C, and nine people have donated a million dollars to charity for money they made in style at their funnels. Okay? Isn't that amazing? So this is not something we're just making up and hopefully it's going to work. Like this is something we've done over and over and over again. It's tried. It's true. It's worked. It's proven. I can show you guys thousands of case studies of it. But the reality is, do you guys want to have these results? Okay? My question is do you want to be on stage next year? Now, for you guys, it's interesting because stage next year is actually in February. So like five or six months away, which means I want you guys fast tracking to the two comic book as quick as we can. Because I want to get you guys started today. So not waiting until money on and money on like people always wait way too long. Okay? I want you guys to get started today. Okay? So $129,000 is a huge bargain by start looking at like what are other things that cost this amount of money? What's the equivalent of going through this? Right? Like if you go to college and you want to get a college education to learn how to make money, this is the graph I found. This is a couple years old. We actually, I forgot, Krista sent me some updated numbers. College is actually way more expensive and you're starting salaries the worst down they used to be. But if you want to go to Stanford for five year tuition in Stanford, it's $189,000 to get a degree and then you're starting salaries like 65 or $67,000 a year, which is crazy. That's like one webinar. Like give me anyway. It's insane, right? Duke University $38,000 per year and the starting salary is $56,000. Is that crazy? Okay? Now obviously I'm going to charge you guys $129,000 that this is worth. But I want you guys to understand like that's the equivalent we're talking about, right? In the end of this, you don't leave with a diploma and a skill set that's not actually useful in this world. You leave with a skill set you can use over and over again whenever you want to. Okay? There's three ways you started. First way, number one way is obviously if you want to spend a million dollars, you can come and get a C license holder and then I didn't talk about the million dollar offer. Basically the million dollar offer is you have a chance to come and we help produce a whole event for you at our new event center, but I didn't talk about that. Second way is if you want to do $100,000 a day, $100,000 a day is basically you have a chance to fight a boys for one day, help them map out the webinar, you get to meet pitching your webinar, you can take that video and learn it and master yourself. Or the third way is join right now the Prime Over Coaching program and you get access to everything we talked about today and a whole bunch more for just one payment right now of $3,997 and then after that there's two more payments of $3,997. Okay? So it's three payments, plans basically. Or how many of you guys would like that but you'd like a discount? Okay? How many of you guys would like to save $2,000 right now? Okay? If you want to save $2,000 right now we have a really cool thing where you can prepay and instead of paying three payments where I have to finance it, if you pay one payment of $10,000 you get access to everything right now. Okay? And again this is not a coaching program that starts and ends and expires and you're gonna get done next three weeks. I'm gonna give you guys lifetime accesses. So this is equivalent of going to college, you pay for one semester of college and you need to go for as long as you want in the future. Okay? As long as you want. Okay? Imagine going to Duke University and paying for one semester and then getting access forever. Like that would be insane. Okay? That's literally what we're giving you guys here inside of this right now. Okay? So the question I always have when I'm making any kind of investment, I'm logically gonna want to think okay, if I'm logically gonna make this investment what's it gonna take for me to get return on my investment? Right? So if you go through on day number one, you figure out how to create a $1,000 offer, all you gotta do is create a webinar and sell just 10. You get 10 people to buy your $1,000 offer, boom, you're break-even. And now you have the skillset and plan it into your brain. Right? It's like the Matrix. Now it's planned inside your brain. Now you have that skillset for the rest of your life and you can do one to many presentations over and over and over and over again for as long as you want. Okay? So you have $1,000 offer, just 10. Now if you decide to create a $10,000 offer, all you gotta do is sell just one. And then everything you make after that is free. I shouldn't be charging you guys a percentage of everything you make from this point forward for the rest of your life because that would make way more sense. Can you imagine with like Alex Hermosi when he first came in and he was broke as a joke and he came in, I showed him this stuff and he went and built it. Can you imagine? I would want a percentage of all the stuff he's done now. That'd be way smarter than me. But in reality, I want you guys to be successful. That's my number one goal. And so I just want to make the simplest you can use. I don't want a complication, all that kind of stuff. And so when you come in, like I said, you make $10,000 offer, you sell just one. Now you're break-even, everything after that. You keep the skillset, the talents, everything else. Plus yourself, lifetime access, you continue to keep going through it. Or you make a $25,000 offer, you make one sale, you already two and a half extra money, and you make a second sale. It gets crazy really, really fast. So whenever I make an investment, look at that logically, how much do I do? It's like, this is not that hard. One presentation should do it. So you go through six weeks, make a presentation. Hopefully you make a couple sales. If not, make some tweaks, some changes, we go back within two or three times. You should have a spot where you've made your return investment back. And then you have a skill set for the rest of your life. So what are you guys going to do right now? If you are ready at home to rock and roll, all you're doing now is go and open up a different browser window and go to funnelhackinglive.com slash prime mover. Funnelhackinglive.com slash prime mover. And on that page there's going to be a form. If you go fill out to figure out which side you want, if you want to spend $10,000 up front, or if you want to use the payment plan, both those options are there. Now I want to talk through a couple things real quick as you guys are making that decision. Number one, is only to remember, when you get the spot where you come on stage this year or next year at funnelhackinglive, I give you a two comic club award. This is kind of crazy thing about it. Of the million dollars you just made, the $10,000 investment is less than 1% of that investment. It's kind of crazy. Now if you go and you win a two comic club x award, it's just 0.1% of the $10 million you just made. It's literally if you look at just the fees that Stripe and PayPal charge you to process that money, it's like a third of what Stripe and PayPal charges you to process the money. They didn't even do anything. I'm here with my entire team, coaching you, helping you, mentoring, getting you on the path. And these guys get two times as much money just for processing the money you're going to make in the interim. Which is kind of crazy. So again, what you guys are going to do right now is open up a new browser window, go to funnelhackinglive.com slash prime mover. And then during the break, if you guys get started in the break, I got two really cool bonuses. The first bonus is we're going to ship you out our prime mover kit, which means you're going to get a t-shirt, a whole box of really cool stuff to get you on the on the path, right? And then you'll be able to wear prime mover t-shirts with me every single day. Number two is I want to do something cool. I haven't told McCall this yet. McCall did a really cool breakout session yesterday called Russell Hacking. Anyone watch her Russell Hacking presentation? Okay, if you guys watched it, it was really, really cool. She basically went through all my presentations of all time and hacked what I'm doing. And it was so cool. I didn't even know 90% of the stuff I was doing. She's like, you know, you this, you know, this, you know, every single time you make an offer, you always do this, this and this. You know, that this is the story you always tell 100% of the time before you you transition this part of your offer. I was like, I had no idea. Was there any of that? And so her presentation was really cool. She went through it all. It was so cool though. I asked McCall, I was like, Hey, at the end of this month, I'm doing another selling online event. Would you be willing to come and do some special sessions actually breaking down each and every one of those things? And so this is the key. When you guys sign up during the break right now, I'm going to give you a 15 minute break here and say, can we sign during the break? First off, I will send you private access to McCall's session so you can go and watch it. But number two, I will give you VIP access to the selling online challenge that is starting at the end of this month. We have a chance to go see the entire selling online challenge to help reinforce these principles with you. But then number two, to see all these other things I didn't have before from McCall showing you stuff that I didn't even know I was doing and it's going to blow your mind. So that's the other bonus of you guys started during the break right now. So there you go. So last one, one last recap, everything you get the found head coaching program, you get the one and many master, you get the Lynch pink coaching program, conversation nomination, two comical black card, total of $129,000. And then you get started for just one payment of $3,997 today plus two more payments of $3,997 over the next 30 days, or you can prepay and get $10,000 right now. And again, we got to do it now is go to funnelikely.com slash prime mover. In fact, I want my team to pull the page real quick. We do this. All right, this is what's going to look like when you go to the page. You're show up and here's the live page. This forms really simply you can come and ask a couple questions. First question is a simple one. What's your first name? You type your first name. Second one is what's your last thing? Type in his last name. Then there you got your email address, your phone number. Let's ask a couple questions. When you're done with that, you click submit, they'll take you to the next page. We show them the next page. The next page is really cool. There's a video me talking for like a minute. You click on that if you want to, then you go down below and there's two options. Okay. Option one is like you are ready to rock and roll. You're ready to start like you are like you see the link. If that's your case, you click right here on yes, I'm ready to go there. They can order for me. You can sign up for the 10,000 up front or the three pay or fake. This is amazing Russell, but I have a question. I got something my subconscious mind. There's one thing just holding me back from being successful. I got to figure it out. If you need some help with that, all you do is click on request the call back. Click on that link right there and my team will kind of like in the first come first serve basis will call you back and figure out what question you have. Hope you resolve that question and then get you enrolled in the program. Okay. So that's the game plan. And again, you got two options either ready to rock and roll, click on the left hand side. I'm ready to order now. If you need a phone call to talk through something and figure out finance and where everything might be, click on the call back and that'll get you there. Okay. All right. Just full of slides back up. Thank you very much. So again, that if you to go to that format, I'll go to what's the link again? FinalHackingLive.com slash PrimeMover and getting your star which is one payment 3997 today where you can prepay at $10,000 to get started. That's the game plan. You guys, I hope you enjoy this offer. I appreciate it. Hang out with you guys tonight. We got one last thing. I'm going to give everyone a home. You got a 15 minute break. You got 15 minutes right now to go get started at FinalHackingLive.com slash PrimeMover after 50 minutes is done. We're going to come back with one last thing to set up before dinner and then we got two or three more fun things happening tonight. You do not want to miss out on. But again, you got 15 minute break right now to go to FinalHackingLive.com slash PrimeMover. Go get signed up and in 15 minutes we'll be back here and get started on the next set of the event. Thanks you guys. We'll see you soon. I feel so close to you right now. It's a false view. I wear my heart upon my sleeve like a big deal. Your love pours down on me. Surround me like a waterfall. And there's no stopping us right now. I feel so close to you right now. And there's no stopping us right now. And there's no stopping us right now. And there's no stopping us right now. I feel so close to you right now. And there's no stopping us right now. I feel my way through the darkness guided by beating heart. I can't tell where the journey will end. But I know where to start. They tell me I'm too young to understand. They say I'm caught up in a dream. Well, life will pass me by if I don't open up my eyes. Well, that's fine by me. So wake me up when it's all over. When I'm wiser and I'm older. All this time I was finding myself and I didn't know I was lost. So wake me up when it's all over. When I'm wiser and I'm older. All this time I was finding myself and I didn't know I was lost. So wake me up when it's all over. I tried carrying the weight of the world. But I only had two hands. Hope I get the chance to travel the world. But I don't have any plans. Wish that I could stay forever this young. Not afraid to close my eyes. Life's a game made for everyone. And love is a prize. So wake me up when it's all over. When I'm wiser and I'm older. All this time I was finding myself and I didn't know I was lost. So wake me up when it's all over. When I'm wiser and I'm older. All this time I was finding myself and I didn't know I was lost. I didn't know I was lost. I didn't know I was lost. I didn't know I was lost. I didn't know I was lost. I didn't know I was lost. I didn't know I was lost. Give me, give me, give me some time to think. I'm in the bathroom looking at me. Facing the mirror is all I need. When I'm to the Reaper takes my life. Never gonna get me out alive. I will live a thousand million lives. My patience is waning. Is this entertaining? My patience is waning. Is this entertaining? I, I, I got this feeling that you know that I'm losing control. This is magic in my bones. I, I, I got this feeling in my soul. Though I had a toy of stars. This is magic in my bones. Playing with the secret dynamite. There was never gray and black and white. There was never wrong till there was right. Feeling like a ball of hoodlin'. Seeing all the vultures circling. Burning in the flames I'm working in. It's dark and lean. My patience is waning. Is this entertaining? My patience is waning. Is this entertaining? I, I, I got this feeling that you know that I'm losing control. This is magic in my bones. I, I, I got this feeling in my soul. Though I had a toy of stars. This is magic in my bones. This is magic in my bones. Taking the mirror of my mind. Turning the pages of my life. Walking the path so many. Pasting a million times. Drown out the voices in the air. Leaving the ones that never cared. Picking the pieces of and building to the sky. My patience is waning. Is this entertaining? My patience is waning. Is this entertaining? I, I, I got this feeling that you know that I'm losing control. This is magic in my bones. I, I, I got this feeling in my soul. Though I had a toy of stars. This is magic in my bones. This is magic in my bones. Drown out the voices in the air. Drown out the voices in the air. Drown out the voices in the air. This is magic in my bones. Darling, darling. I'll turn the lights back on now. Watching, watching. As the credits all roll down. Crying, crying. You know we're playing to a full house. House. No heroes feel and want to blame. Wild woods, dead roses, filled stage and the thrill. The thrill is gone. Our debut was a masterpiece. But it didn't for you and me. Hope this show, it can't go on. We used to have it all. But now's our curtain call. So hold for the applause. Oh, oh, oh. Wave out to the crowd. Take a final bow. Oh, it's time to go. But at least we stole the show. At least we stole the show. At least we stole the show. At least we stole the show. At least we stole the show. At least we stole the show. At least we stole the show. At least we stole the show. At least we stole the show. At least we stole the show. Darling, darling. You know that we are sold out. This is fading. But the band plays on now. We're crying, crying. So let the velvet roll down. Down. No heroes feel and want to blame. Wild woods, dead roses, filled stage and the thrill. The thrill is gone. Our debut was a masterpiece. Our lines we read so perfectly. But this show, it can't go on. We used to have it all. But now's our curtain call. So hold for the applause. Oh, oh, oh. And wave out to the crowd. And take a final bow. Oh, it's time to go. But at least we stole the show. At least we stole the show. At least we stole the show. At least we stole the show. At least we stole the show. Welcome back, welcome back, welcome back everyone. All right. So here is where we are. Number one, I want to just give a huge congratulations to all the new Prime Movers. Congratulations on taping that leap of faith. Congratulations on betting on yourself. I cannot wait to see you walk across that stage and get that two comic club award. I'm so happy for you. Congrats to all the Prime Movers. So here's where we are. Here's what we're going to do. We've got about, let me see, and my clicker is not clicking and that's okay. We've got about 85% of the way through today. Remember, and you guys have been doing amazing at this, we are going to finish the day strong. We are going to play full out. We've got a very special, we've got a very special evening session, evening for us, maybe wherever you are, that's going to start in a little bit. But before we jump into that, we want to give you time to do just a couple of things. Number one, if you have any questions with regard to the Prime Mover offer, we want to give you a chance to talk to a member of our team and to get started. And for all of those of you who got started, here's what I want you to do. I want you to go ahead and grab a bite to eat. And then I want you to be right back here in front of your computer in 20 minutes with your camera on. I want you to go ahead. Number one, sign up for Prime Mover. If you have not done so, get started with Prime Mover. Number two, talk to our team if you have a question. Number three, grab a bite to eat, come back to your computer. We're going to get started back with a very special two-part evening session in 20 minutes. We're getting started back. And I want you to just keep something in mind. Just one idea that you learn from the special presentations that we have for you this evening. Could add six potentially even seven figures to your business. So you're going to want to make sure you play full out. So enjoy dinner, bring it back. You're cool to eat at your desk as well. Stretch, hydrate, caffeinate, grab a bite. We'll see you back here in 20 minutes. You can start me. Don't show up. Don't come out. Don't start caring about me now. Walk away. You know how. Don't start caring about me now. Aren't you the guy who tried to hurt me with the word goodbye? I know it took some time to survive you. I'm better on the other side. I'm all good already. It's almost done. It's scary. I'm not where you left me at all. So if you don't want to see me dancing with somebody. If you don't believe that anything can stop me. Don't show up. Don't come out. Don't start caring about me now. Walk away. You know how. Don't start caring about me now. Walk away. Don't come out. Don't start caring about me now. Don't start caring about me now. Walk away. I'm not where you left me at all. So if you don't want to see me dancing with somebody. If you don't believe that anything can stop me. Don't show up. Don't come out. Don't start caring about me now. Walk away. You know how. Don't start caring about me now. Walk away. Don't start caring about me now. Walk away. Don't start caring about me now. Walk away. Don't start caring about me now. Fade on a caution wing, need the bleeding sky. I called your name, there was no wonder, and in the cold and snow, I saw your face. Then there's a song, a song for the little thing that you call, but the joy ain't running me down the line. Wish you could find out love is a fragile thing that you call, for my pretty thing, maybe it might be time, for a better day. For a better day. For a better day. For a better day. Straight from the path of love, in the world of love, I told you before, but now I know, my name is John, I saw your face. Then there's a song, a song for the little thing that you call, but the joy ain't running me down the line. Wish you could find out love is a fragile thing that you call, for my pretty thing, maybe it might be time, for a better day. For a better day. For a better day. For a better day. For a better day. For a better day. And there's a song, a song for the little thing that you call, but the joy ain't running me down the line. Wish you could find out love is a fragile thing that you call, for my pretty thing, maybe it might be time, for a better day. I was so high, I did not recognize the fire burning in her eyes, the chaos that controlled my mind. It was for goodbyes, she got on a plane, never to return again, but always in my heart. Oh, this love has taken its toll on me, she said goodbye too many times before, and her heart is breaking in front of me, and I have no choice, cause I won't say goodbye anymore. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I tried my best to feel her appetite, keep her coming every night, so hard to keep her satisfied. Oh, kept playing love like it was just a game, pretended to feel the same, turned around and even again, I put her on. This love has taken its toll on me, she said goodbye too many times before, and her heart is breaking in front of me, and I have no choice, cause I won't say goodbye anymore. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I've been seeing broken things, repair your broken wings, and make sure everything falls down. It's alright, it's alright. I press her on your hips, I'm sticking my fingertips, every inch of you, cause I know that's what you want me to do. This love has taken its toll on me, she said goodbye too many times before, her heart is breaking in front of me, and I have no choice, cause I won't say goodbye anymore. This love has taken its toll on me, she said goodbye too many times before, her heart is breaking in front of me, she said goodbye too many times before, this love has taken its toll on me, she said goodbye too many times before, her heart is breaking in front of me, and I have no choice, cause I won't say goodbye anymore. Alright, alright, alright, alright, alright, alright, alright, alright, alright. Return to the Mac, get what it is, what it is, what it is, what it is, look for a better way to get up out of bed instead of getting on the internet and checking the new hitty get up, first shop, hipstrap, walkin', little bit of humble, little bit of cautious, somewhere between life, Rocky and Cosby's for the game, nope, nope, y'all can't copy, yeah, that moonwalkin' in this here is a party, my posse's been on Broadway, and we did it all the way, grown music, I shed my skin and put my bones into everything I record, do it, and yeah, I'm on, let that stage light, go and shine on down, got that Bob Barker suit game in Plinko with my style, money, stay on my craft and stick around for those pounds, but I do that to pass the torch and put on for my town, trust me, on my I-N-D-E-P-E-N-D-E-N-T shit hustler, chasing dreams as I was 14 with the four-track bus, and halfway across that city with the black, black, black, black, black, kept the question, labels out here, now they can't tell me nothin', we give that to the people, spread it across the country, labels out here, now they can't tell me nothin', we give it to the people, spread it across the country. Like this feeling can't hold us, nah, can I kick it, thank you, yeah, I'm so damn grateful, I grew up really wanna go in front, but that's what you get when Wu-Tang raised you, y'all can't stop me, go hard like I got an end of it in my heartbeat, and I'm eating at the beat like it gave a little speed to a great white shark on shark, we rock, time to go up, go on, deuces goodbye, I got a world to see, how my girl, she wanna see Rome, see some make you a believer, nah, I never ever did it for a throne, that validation comes from giving it back to the people, now sing this song and it goes like, raise those hands, this is our party, we came here to live life like nobody was watching, I got my city right behind me, if I fall, they got me, learn from that failure, gain humility, and then we keep marching, I said. Damn, we go back, this is the moment, tonight is the night, we'll fight till it's over, so we brought our hands up, like this feeling can't hold us, like this feeling can't hold us, we go back, this is the moment, tonight is the night, we'll fight till it's over, so we brought our hands up, we like this feeling can't hold us, like this feeling can't hold us, but so we brought our hands up. But so we brought our hands up. Tam rated… Damn, we go back, this is the moment, tonight is the night, we'll fight till it's over, so we brought our hands up, we like this feeling can't hold us, like this feeling can't hold us, we go back, this is the moment, tonight is the night, we'll fight till it's over, so we brought our hands up, we like this feeling can't hold us, Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah I wait, I wait Why wait to say, at least I did it my way But I wait too fast, but in my heart I understand I made my move, and it was all about you Now I feel so far removed You are the one thing in my way My way, oh yeah, oh yeah You are the one thing in my way My way, oh yeah, oh yeah My way, oh yeah, oh yeah I'm falling to pieces, but I need this, yeah I need this You're my fault, my weakness When did you turn so cold? You cut me down through the bone Now you're dancing all over my soul I'm falling to pieces, to pieces, to pieces But I still stay, cause you're the only thing I know So won't you take me home? Won't you take me home? Take me home, home, home Take me home, home, home Take me home Take me, take me, take me home Rounding circles, here we go With the highest highs and the lowest lows But no one shakes me like you do My best mistake was you You're my sweet affliction Cause you hurt me right, but you're doing nice Rounding circles, here we go Yeah, but I still stay, cause you're the only thing I know So won't you take me home? Won't you take me home? Take me home, home, home Take me home, home, home Take me Take me Take me Take me Take me home Take me home Home, home, home Take me Take me home, take me home I don't know just how it happened I let down my guard Swear I'd never fall in love again But I fell hard Guess I should have seen it coming Caught me by surprise Wasn't looking where I was going I fell into your eyes You came into my crazy world Like a cool and cleansing gray Before I knew what hit me baby You were flowing through my veins I'm addicted to you Hooked on your love Like a powerful drug I can't get enough of Lost in your eyes Drowning in blue Out of control What can I do? I'm addicted to you When night blows in through the window This is where I'm the root Got rehypnotized I'm getting high on the perfume I couldn't live without you now I know I'd go insane I wouldn't last one night alone baby Please welcome back to the stage Your emcee DeFawn Brown Come on back in everybody Come on back in Back in from dinner I love it you guys I got more energy than me I love it Come on back in Come on back in It is not too late to dance Get those, what's up? Camera, how you doing? Come on in everybody You at home, get those cameras back on If you're thinking of yourself, but DeFawn I'm still eating my burger Guess what? Eat your burger while you're watching It is okay, you say, but DeFawn They're gonna see me stuffing my face in the background You know what I say? I say that is beautiful I wanna see your burger stuffed face On that background Come on in, come on in Come on in, back from a little break Hopefully you got to stretch You got to caffeinate, you got to hydrate You got something Maybe you're kicked back, feet up I got my people right here Who are on site with me Getting back in their seats as well Why? Because we have an absolutely amazing Evening session for you And obviously I say evening And it's evening here I have no earthly idea what time it is where you are So let me say this really quick Thank you Thank you, thank you, thank you I have no earthly idea what time it is where you are Here's what I could be, 6 in the morning It could be 6 in the evening It could be 4 in the morning, it could be 12 noon I don't know, but here's what I do know What I do know is that I've asked you to play full out And that's exactly what you've been doing What I do know is I said Are you all in this morning? You said you're all in And sure enough, you're all in And so you have my honor and my respect And I thank you And we're going to make it worth it for you this evening With some very special evening sessions That are going to talk to your heart And they're going to show you a little behind the scenes That you're absolutely going to love And I cannot wait for you to see What we've got in store for you this evening So as you're making your way in As you are turning your cameras back on As you are getting ready to rock and roll And play full out with us and get more content Hey, quick question, hasn't the content been absolutely amazing? If the content has been amazing, thank you If you've enjoyed the content Drop a one in the chat for me, alright? Because I know it's been so crazy And guess what? Russell loves to over deliver, so that's what we're going to do We're going to drop even more content Coming your way We've got the ones just lining up the chat And by the way, I want to commend you I want to commend those of you All of the new prime movers You absolutely made the right decision and the choice And I'm so excited for you Those of you guys who picked up the phone And talked to a member of our team Or those of you guys who reached out to us And you said, you know what? Yes, this is for me, I am moving forward Congratulations You have my honor, you have my respect And I am so excited for you So, let me explain how this evening is going to work With these final sessions of the day I say evening because that's what time it is here Let me explain how these final sessions of the day Are going to work in just a little bit In just a little bit We're going to show you what it feels like To be inside of Russell's inner circle With seven, eight, and nine figure entrepreneurs Alright? But before we do that I want to bring somebody to the stage And I want to ask you something That is something very special to share with you Now, I've got a quick question Does anybody out there in virtual land Do any of you have a calling? Do any of you have any of you ever experienced something In your life that you would call a mess And you want to turn your mess into your message If so, type me Have any of you ever been through or experienced Or pain or hurt or hard And you feel called to help others with that If that's you, type me in the chat I'm seeing some me's I'm seeing some me's If that's you If that's you, if that's your calling I see some capital me's Then I want you to pay close attention to this very next speaker The woman I'm about to bring to the stage Her name is Annie Grace As you hear, some people know exactly who she is Now, Annie is a former global executive Turned online entrepreneur She's an inner circle member She's a member of Atlas Which is the highest level of inner circle She's a multiple 2CC and 2CCX winner She's been in the Wall Street Journal She's been in Forbes She's been in People Magazine She's sold over 1.1 million books And while all of that is absolutely wonderful What's more important is that Annie had a mess Annie experienced some pain Some down A pit And Annie was able to help others Get from where she got from So for those of you who know that feeling And are ready to turn your message into your message You're going to love this next presentation So let's get those cameras on Let's keep that energy up We're playing full out Ladies and gentlemen, you know how we do this Put your hands together Help me welcome to the stage Annie Grace I miss the night Lost another fight I still miss the one To start again And keep falling down Take one hit in the ground I only get enough Thank you so much It's awesome to be here So I'm going to start with this picture Of my family And then we're going to talk about The nasty truth about funnels And I did tell Russell I was going to tell you this But it has been my biggest pet peeve About a funnel since the very first time I started building funnels Which was back in 2017 And I think that we can all share this frustration And I really want to expose it So I'm super excited to be here So this looks like a happy, loving family And that's where we are today Like, we're in a really, really good spot And it's amazing to be in a good spot But I can tell you It wasn't always this way There was a long period and long season Of our family's life where We were pretty much in the opposite Of a good spot Where there were things that were happening In my life That were affecting everybody in my family There were things that were happening That I was doing and choices that I was making That were really hard for the people that I loved the most And so I want to say that, yes I've won lots of two comic-level awards All that stuff But this is the one thing about funnels That has really sort of broken my heart But let's go back to this place right here This is the one room log cabin That I grew up in This log cabin had no running water Had no electricity You could not get there by car in the winter You literally had to take a snowmobile In order to get there Until I was one year old My parents did not own anything with a motor When I turned one They decided there were not going to be that extreme of hippies And they were going to buy two things They bought a snowmobile to get home in the winter And they bought a chainsaw Because prior to that He had been chopping down his own wood With like an actual handsaw So this is the level of Complete and total Out in the middle of nowhere That was my life, that was my childhood And here it is a little bit closer So this room that you can see Right there Kind of on the right hand side That was a room that I built with my dad When I was 15 years old So that I could have my own room And the other room, stick out the other way Is not actually a room, it's a wood shed So the entirety of the cabin that I grew up in For my life, my dad was there for 53 years He's still there as of today Was less than 400 square feet So it was about the size of like A fraction of this stage In fact we could probably fit at least a dozen Of these cabins inside the studio And why am I telling you this story? I'm telling you because first of all It's an interesting aspect about my life But because my story really Talks about alcohol And in this cabin, with these hippies We didn't even eat sugar I snuck a chicken nugget When I was 10 years old And it was one of the best things I ever had But before that I was a vegetarian Who didn't even get chocolate, I got carob Anybody know what carob is? It's fake chocolate It's fake hippie chocolate It's no fun, right? And so there I was, living this life And I had no cautionary terror around alcohol My parents didn't drink, they didn't even know Like I didn't understand what alcohol was And sometimes you have a cautionary tale Where your parents are drinking too much And that keeps you away from it And sometimes you have a cautionary tale Where they're like, no, no, alcohol is bad And that keeps you away from it And I didn't have either of those things So when I left this cabin The first time I left I went to college And I went to college in Fort Collins, Colorado Where I met my husband And after we graduated from college We moved to New York City Which was completely ironic Because my dad was actually born and raised in the Bronx And so he's like, wow, this is full circle And we moved to New York City And I didn't drink I literally didn't even think alcohol was important I had no thoughts about this And I remember one of my first nights on the job I went out And the colleagues are like, hey, let's go get a drink And so what did we do? We went and I didn't know what to order But it was circa 2005 And I was watching lots of sex in the city And I knew they ordered cosmopolitan And so I ordered a cosmopolitan And the cosmopolitan came And I felt fancy And it was $25 And I was like, okay, we have a lot of student loan debt There's no way that I'm going to be doing this again anytime soon So I went home and I was like, all right, it's not for me Fast forward two or three months And my boss at the time I'd been promoted to this role It was a company that was headquartered in London And I was head of marketing for North America And my boss at the time, he said, hey Why don't you ever show up at happy hour? And I was like, oh, I just don't really drink And he's like, well, that's not the point Like the point is that the bar is like the golf course It's where the deals are done, it's how things work And so although I had no inclination to drink I also didn't really think alcohol was addictive I thought alcohol was addictive to those people who were alcoholics And certainly didn't have anything to do with me And I was incredibly passionate about my career So I said, okay, and I had a method And my method was that I was going to drink a pint of water And then a glass of wine And a pint of water and a glass of wine Because I'd seen those people who were at the corporate parties And they were up on, you know, maybe they were up on the table dancing Or they were embarrassing themselves I was like, that's not going to be me And so I did that And little by little What happened to be drinking just at work I would come home And when I would go to the gym I would walk by a bodega in New York City Which is a liquor store And I'd be like, huh I could put on my running shoes Or I could buy a bottle of wine And so all of the things that I used to do To kind of manage my anxiety One by one they started knocking over And I'd be like, this is easier This is easier This is easier And there was really no time to do that This is easier And there was really no time That I could have told you That it went from being just at work To all of a sudden being everyday And when Russell was talking about hypnotic rhythm It was one of those things that just snuck up on me Because I didn't understand anything About the substance I was drinking We are wildly uneducated about so many things We just don't have access to the information Hidden for all sorts of reasons But I just didn't get it So I didn't know that alcohol was literally changing The chemical makeup of my brain And I didn't know even that I was addicted I just knew that I was starting to feel really out of control And so this is, in my opinion, what addiction looks like Look pretty together more or less The photo on the left I was in London with my two boys It was Brian's day off And I took them out to lunch I drank a few glasses of wine And they had mac and cheese And on the right was just pictures of me drinking But I want to show you something Because what something looks like from the outside It's often really, really different Than what something feels like on the inside And this is what it felt like It felt like I had two choices And both of them were awful Because alcohol had started to be my self-medication It had been the thing that I started to use To numb myself when things were hard It was a thing that I used to have fun It was, in my opinion, I thought it was bringing joy into my life And so I could not do it and I'd feel deprived Or I could do it and it'd have all this regret What did I do? What did I say? It'll hang over the next morning And so what I started to do Because the next day I would wake up at 3 in the morning And I'd wake up in tears and I'd wake up with this pit in my stomach And I'd wake up with these questions like, what's wrong with me? And I'd promise myself, I am not going to do this again tomorrow This is not going to happen to me again tomorrow But 5 p.m. the next day It was as if I was a different person There was a whole new human being that had moved into my mind And that human said, no big deal We'll fix this another day, you deserve it It's really not that bad You know Larry over there, he drinks a lot more than you So you're fine And this was what kept happening over and over And I felt completely stuck And so what I started to do is I started to make myself videos As cries for help And I don't remember these Because I was so out of it when I was making them And both of these are in bathrooms And I go into the bathroom And I talk to myself on camera In some hopes that I'd watch it the next morning A few minutes of booze didn't relax me It led me to break the one commitment I'd made to Brian I'm so terrified Annie, please rescue yourself Please Please Please Please Please, I'm sorry Please Is this not a joke? Is this a fucking addiction? Is this addiction? No Please God, I love her She's the one who is strong enough to bring me here today And at that point in my life I was doing what everybody else was doing And I was not loving her, I was hating her Like viscerally with a passion I was unable to look in the mirror because of how much I hated What was looking back at me And I was asking the wrong question Am I an alcoholic? Do I have a problem? I was asking the question, what's wrong with me? And your brain is a lot like Google And when you ask a question, it will answer And if you're asking your brain the wrong question You can cause yourself an incredible, incredible amount of pain Because guess what my brain had? It had a lot of answers It had a lot of things that it would list that were wrong with me And one day I was coming back from London And it had been a super boozy trip I mean, out to dinner, colleagues, post-party Lunch, we'd started lunch This was just, thank you, so nice This was just the way of it at this point in my life And I was now, I'd been promoted, my drinking strategy had worked I was now global head of marketing for the largest foreign currency company in the world I was in charge of 28 countries I was flying to twice a month I was on international trips which were often to 3 to 4 countries at a time So I'd do a trip where we'd go to Dubai and Oman and Bahrain and then I'd go home Or I'd do a trip where we'd go to Amsterdam, I'd go to Paris and I'd go to London And then I'd go home And all of those trips, it felt like Every country on our planet is vying for who can drink the most And every country on our planet was saying, hey, I want to take you out for these drinks and those drinks And I was just along for the ride and I did not know how to get out of it And I was coming home and I was in so much pain We had stayed up till 3 a.m. the morning And I had to get up at 6 and I walked into the hotel bar And I ordered a mimosa because that's a morning drink Because there's that socially acceptable way to get drunk first thing in the morning And the waitress, she said, look, unless you're going to drink the whole bottle of champagne This is 6 in the morning, it's going to go flat before anybody else comes in So I can't serve you that And in my mind, I was like, I would happily drink the whole bottle of champagne at this point in time So I was like, no, no, that's alright, no problem I'll just get coffee and she goes, well, I could make you a screwdriver And I'd never had a screwdriver before and I didn't know what a screwdriver was But what a screwdriver is, it was vodka and orange juice And this was one of these little lines in my mind If I don't drink hard alcohol first thing in the morning, then I'm okay But if I do drink hard alcohol first thing in the morning, then I'm one of them Then I really have a problem And when you start pushing those lines, you push them further and further out But I was desperate, I felt terrible And I knew, hair of the dog and other drink would take the edge off And so I said, okay, go ahead, and I drank 3 And so I get to Heathrow Airport, it's 8 in the morning, and I am drunk Not only drunk from the night before, but actually drunk And I'm sitting in the bowels of Heathrow Airport in a train station Sobbing, asking myself, what is wrong with me And in this moment that I cannot explain as something besides someone looking out for me A moment of like divine inspiration I was able to ask a better question And often in our lives, nothing changes until we're willing to ask ourselves a better question You know, Russell was talking earlier, when you move from, I can't afford this To how can I afford this When you move from, this is never going to work for me To how can I make this work for me When you move from, oh that stuff, that's for other people To how can it be for me, when we start to ask a better question, everything can change for us And so I started asking why And I did something really radical I had been on this cycle of setting rules for myself and breaking the rules for myself No drinks until Thursday, and then I drink on Wednesday I'm only going to have 2 glasses of wine, and then I'd have 6 And so I said, you know what, I'm going to stop trying to stop drinking For the first time I decided to have grace and compassion for myself For the first time I said, I'm just going to spend my time answering that question Why? And I spent the next year in this office right here And I just answered the question why And wow, did that take me down a rabbit hole, y'all Talk about information we don't know and understand and we have no time for that now But it is incredible that we know more about Advil than we know more about alcohol We think more about the things that we get off the pharmacy shelf Than we do about the things we consume all the time And there's a whole lot of reasons that that's true and it has to do with industry But the reality was about a year later I walked out of my office and I just didn't want to drink I had rewired my subconscious mind, I had changed the elephant The elephant didn't want it anymore and then the monkeys didn't want it anymore And I felt like, oh my gosh, it was no longer, ugh, I'm not going to get to drink anymore I was like, I don't have to drink anymore I don't have to feel that way, I don't have to have a hangover, I literally didn't want it My emotions had changed and when my emotions changed everything had changed And I took all this research and I had no idea what I was doing I did not know anyone named Russell Brunson, I put it out on the internet And in two weeks, 20,000 people downloaded it And I started getting, thank you, and I started getting emails from all over the world And people were saying, wow, this helped me when nothing else did This helped me when I've been trying with therapy, I've been going to recovery meetings All of this other stuff, this helped me when nothing else did And these emails were so powerful and one email said, hey, you should write a book And I was like, I don't know how to do that And he was like, well you can self publish on Amazon I had no intention of quitting my job, I was like, alright So I did it, I self published And it was instant success, it was like just up into the right No Because reality hit And that's the problem I ended up, my job wanted to move me to London We had just put our kids in school in Colorado in kindergarten So we didn't want to move So I lost my job, I ended up taking a severance package And you can't really make a living on books by themselves, it just doesn't work I was selling a few hundred books a day, but I was just making peanuts And I knew that more people needed this information Because of the letters I was getting, and it was so frustrating And maybe you've had this inside you to know that you have medicine You have gone into the pit that Garrett was talking about And you have done your time in the darkness and you have brought back the elixir You have brought back the medicine And you feel like your hands are tied because you cannot find the way to get the medicine to the people who need the medicine And I don't know about you, but knowing that you have the answer for someone and you can't reach them I feel like there's nothing more painful Because you know how it felt to be stuck in the pit There's nothing more difficult than that And I tried everything I went and I bought a webinar course from someone not Russell Then I bought a launch formula from someone not Russell Then I bought another webinar course from someone not Russell And I would launch these things and I would try and I would try and I would try And these are all legitimate people who had built big businesses And I could not make their stuff work for me I could not make it work And here's the truth of it It does not matter if you have the cure to cancer Or you have the cure to alcohol addiction If you cannot reach the people who need your medicine What we're doing here is so important Because it doesn't matter if you can't reach the people who need your medicine There are people right now who need what you have And it is your job to reach them I remember the first time I met James Freel And he heard my story and he came up to me afterwards I had never seen this guy before in my life Like he was just in the audience of the inner circle meeting And he walked up to me and he looked me straight in the eyes and he said It is your God given duty to get out of your own way to reach the people who need you And I teared up and I knew he was right And I still didn't know how I didn't know how And so I'd like to show you the secret to my success It's a little leading, you've probably guessed But his name is Russell Brunson And I told a lot of my story yesterday I went to Funnel Hacking Live I did not have a Click Funnels account when I went to Funnel Hacking Live I had made less than $30,000 in my business And when Russell got on stage, I knew that that man would never stop I knew that he would move forward and he would break through walls And he would do whatever it took to empower people like us to get our message to the world And I have gotten to become really good friends with Russell We talk pretty much every day And he is as real and authentic as you see here Like there's so much love in him, there's so much transparency And I didn't have a Click Funnels account And we put on our application my corporate salary Which was not true because I hadn't made any of that money But I was making a lot of money in corporate So I got myself into the inner circle without having a Click Funnels account Because I was like, I'm going all the way I want to be as close to this man as possible Because he is going to be the one to help me get this message to the world And man, has it been a ride after that? I was in Forbes magazine, I was in People magazine I've been on Good Morning America times, I've been on Nightline I've been on Red Table Talk, I went to Will Smith's house My big claim to fame is that I took a selfie peeing in Will Smith's bathroom I'll show you later My book is now outsold, AA Big Book for the best-selling book of all time in this space And I really like this one because this was written up about me in Fast Company And it was books that inspire me, Malcolm Gladwell, Annie Grace, Oprah Winfrey and Richard Branson I was like, what? And it's just been such an incredible, incredible ride My podcast now has 27 million downloads, it's .01% of Top Global Podcasts It beats Russell's He's still mad about that My book has been translated into 12 languages and I've made millions in impact and income And I have so much to think, like Russell and really Colette for allowing him to do what he does Because we all know that it's the support behind the scenes Let's give Colette a hand, y'all She has got to be one of my favorite humans And again, it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter if you have the cure to cancer or the solution to addiction If you can't reach the people who need your message the most And one last point I want to make, like, it's incredible to make an impact You know, this is my kid He was about 10 years old when this was taken And when I was drinking, I remember I asked him to come sit on my lap one night, just a night And he looked at me and so innocently as little kids do, he was probably four at the time He said, no mom, because you smell bad and your teeth are purple And this kid gets to watch me on TV And this was three weeks ago, we went to 30 Rocket NBC, I did two TV shows and that's him at 15 He gets to meet the anchors, thinks it's a big deal Macy, one of the inner circle members, she got to meet him and she goes, this is mom's goals I met your son and he said, what do you think about your mom? And my 15 year old said, she's legit And this is what we get to do, we get to do both things We get to be home with our kids, we get to make an impact But we have to find the right path to follow And this entire community kills itself to give us these tools And so Black Friday 2016, we went all in on the inner circles, my baby daughter I published my webinar May 17th, my first ever webinar, my one to many presentation I refined it, I went through Russell's entire thing, I did everything he was talking about just a little while ago I published it May 17th, my baby was born May 21st I had made $30,000 total in my business, and between May 21st and the end of the year, I made $283,000 And you know what that meant? That meant my husband didn't have to go to work and get a job and not be with the kids That meant I didn't have to go to work, that meant I could spend my time and my conscious energy doing the thing that I am meant to do Which is bring this message to the world That's because this company is not like a software company, this company is here to free entrepreneurs Because software without the tools of marketing to make it work There's no heart in that And that's why we're all here together, and I literally did what Russell says And I just, you know, I want to say thank you Russell has events for kids, I've taken my kids to them, they're a lot older, they're about teenagers now, but we've been around a little while But I told you at the beginning I was going to tell you the nasty truth about funnels And I do want to share this with you because I think it's really important Here's the thing, when someone buys a book, even a book is a funnel Only, you know, 50% of people or less actually finish the book When somebody comes to one of your funnel squeeze pages, you know, if you're doing really good, maybe 50% opt in, what about the other 50? What about the other 50%? And this would always bother me so bad because I'm like, what about all the other people? And if you were like a mission-driven entrepreneur, you were hyper-focused on all the people, not in your funnel And this would just bug me and bug me and bug me and I was like, ugh, it would keep me up at night I was like, why can't we help all the people? And I have been called an idealist over and over by some of my closest friends and it's true, but it really would make me mad And in 2018, I was approached by a psychologist at the National Health Institute He was using my work in his practice and he said, do you have a certification? And I was like, no, would you like to help me build one? And he's like, yes And that started this Naked Mind Institute, which has now gone on to certify 338 coaches in 17 countries And yeah, it's just really awesome And so by definition, a funnel can't help everyone And that's a really hard thing But my husband, he's very wise And I was driving home from my first-ever coach certification training And I was even thinking about that room because even that room was a funnel Not every single coach was going to go on to help people Not every single coach was going to go on to even do all the requirements to graduate And that really made me upset But Brian, he reminded me like, that's just how the world works Like even with trees and acorns, there's so many acorns that are going to fall that are never going to become an oak tree There's so many pine cones that are going to fall that are never going to make a pine tree And he reminded me that that's even how it's written in the Bible with the parable of the sower Like you scatter the seed and birds are going to take some of it away And some of it's going to fall on rocky places and it won't be able to grow And some of it's going to fall among thorns And only some of it will fall of good soil And of all the seed planted, only a fraction is going to grow And I felt like I just had to make peace of that But the reality is that that fraction that grows is going to multiply 30, 100, 500 times And I remember realizing, we're here at the bottom of Russell's funnel We've made it all the way here to Funnel Hacking Live Those of us in the room, we've made it all the way here to the inner circle We're at the bottom of Russell's funnel We're the few, we are the few who have made it all the way But I have really good news Because it's not a funnel, it's never been a funnel It's an hourglass Because those of us in this room, it's now our job to make it all the way through the funnel And take our message to the whole world We're the few So, I took the liberty I made him a logo I think they should adopt this And so with this room, with this community, with these tools We get to do this And we get to be the ones who come all the way through We get to be the ones to take this mission and message and multiply it 60, 100 times Because it doesn't end at the funnel It never has And so I want to leave you with two things No matter how dark the pit you've been in There's always another chapter No matter what the pain is in your story No matter how hard it's been for you to get here There's always another chapter I had to get out of my own way And so do you Because the world needs your medicine That's why we're here And it doesn't matter if you are helping people market their businesses Or if you have something to share with health or wellness Or it doesn't matter, it's your medicine It's your unique medicine that you are meant to bring to this world The world needs your medicine And you have got to take the torch You have got to double down You have got to get out of your own way Because there's no one who can bring this message to the world Except you And this is your chance to become the multiplier of your vision So, it's your turn Make your mark And let's become the hourglass Thank you I missed up tonight I lost another fight It's too much to put out You don't know what it is People in my life People in my life People in my life People in my life Where to go Annie? Thank you Wow, so much gratitude It is right if you enjoyed that Somebody give me a heart emoji In the chat Give me a heart emoji Give me a heart emoji on your screen too I'll take that I love it Annie Grace Where to do something special? Real quick Quick check in Give me a thumbs up if you're with me Give me a thumbs up if your energy is up If you're with me Do it like this I just want to see who will actually do it Three people will actually do all that nonsense So, we're going to do something special For these final sessions of the day And I love this idea Let me tell you what we're going to do Let me tell you what Russell has in store for you To finish out this day number three What we're going to do today For these final sessions is we're going to give you a chance To know what it feels like To be inside the inner circle Alright Here's what I mean So, Russell has students Right, people in this room Who pay $50,000 a year To be part of inner circle Now, you've already gotten to learn From quite a few of the inner circle members You've learned from Tim Shields already Alice and Prince, Trayla Wellan Annie Grace, just left the stage Bill Vaughn, Femedi, Gary J. White, Christine Morel Richmond, didn't you already gotten to learn From numerous inner circle members But, here's something you didn't know You see, what happens is Inner circle members will get together Right, they'll go to Boise They'll meet in Boise And what they'll do Is all people who are in the game Doing the stuff with their business And what they'll do is They'll have to stand up And present what's working What they're doing The hacks they found What's working in their business To all of the other inner circle members Am I right, that's what you guys do, right They show up to Boise And they stand up and they say Look at my business Here's what's working I figured this out so you don't have to Then what happens Is that a bunch of them will stand up And share what's working And then everybody will say Will vote and say who they thought was the best Is that right, that's what happens, right You guys will, who's was the best Who's was the most powerful So inner circle members present what's working And then other and like all of them stand up And then everybody votes on who's they loved the most Here's why you care Because what Russell did Is he went back the past three years And he selected six Of the presentations That were voted best of the best So he went back three years and said Let's find the six That were just like oh my gosh Must see that all the other inner circle members Their minds were blown by And that's what you are going to get to learn And experience today exactly what it's like To be in the inner circle Now for each of the speakers that I'm going to bring up For each of their topics They could probably speak for an entire hour But we're not going to do that What we've instructed them to do Is to make their content as constant And traded as laser focused as possible So basically each of them are going to get to give Like a mini TED talk Right, they're going to give like a 15 minute ish TED talk revealing to you exactly What they revealed in that 50,000 dollars Inner circle mastermind This way you'll get a glimpse of what it's like To be in the room where it happens Does this sound exciting? If this sounds exciting give me two thumbs up If this sounds exciting you two are going to get to learn From the best of the best give me two thumbs up Excellent, alright So our first inner circle member is Christina Roe Now Christina is going to talk about the power Of Facebook groups So we're going to talk about How you turn a free Facebook group Into a lead generating cash machine And if you're wondering who she is to talk about this Well, she grew her own Facebook group Of women entrepreneurs To over 863,000 And turned that group Into revenue of over 5 million dollars Would you guys like to learn how she did it? If you'd like to learn how she did it Thank you for that answer And if you're interested in the next part If you'd like to learn how she did it Thank you for that answer If you'd like to learn how she did it Wave your hands for me in the camera If you'd like to learn how she did it Excellent, so that gives me a clue Those of you in studio do me a favor You already know what I'm going to say Get up out of your seats, put your hands together Help me welcome to the stage Christina Roe Thank you Hello everybody So, hello everybody I am so excited to be here today Who wants to know how to turn a Facebook group Into an organic lead generating machine Filled with your ideal dream customers Yay, yes, yes Okay, so my name is Christina Roe I'm the founder of Women Helping Women Entrepreneurs And I have over 863,000 amazing women In our community on Facebook And I've made over $5 million from my Facebook group And this was all with a low ticket membership offer We're talking started $97 a month And that was $197 a month So the power of Facebook groups is just incredible But the truth is it took me years to find success In online marketing I was a struggling single divorce mom For trying to figure out how to turn a Facebook group And I was a struggling single divorce mom For trying to figure out how to turn a Facebook group And I was a single divorce mom For struggling single divorce mom For trying to figure out how to support my kids Without having to go get the J-O-B And I made a decision in October 2016 Two things that I did One was I started the Facebook group The second was I joined ClickFunnels And they were the two greatest decisions I've ever made Because now I had a traffic source Plus the funnel And it wasn't until I discovered this power Of Facebook Groups that my business just finally took off So my Facebook group just gave me this flood Of hot organic leads on demand I've now grown my email list to over 317,000 Just from this Facebook group Without paying for any ads So Facebook groups in my opinion Are the greatest lead organic generators On social media And no Facebook groups are not dead Who thinks Facebook groups are not dead And Facebook groups are not dead And Facebook groups are not dead And Facebook groups are not dead And Facebook groups are not dead And Facebook groups are dead If you've heard that It's a huge, huge mess Because here's some facts There are 1.8 billion Billion people Who are using Facebook groups Okay, how many people here are in a Facebook group? Okay, how many are in more than five If you look at these stats here, right? Look at this, it's incredible And what's crazy is Facebook groups Are 70% more likely to drive engagement Than Facebook pages So you've got a huge amount of people Every day using Facebook groups But the thing you've got to understand Is Facebook groups are communities So people go there because Why? They want to meet other like-minded people, right? They want to get answers to their questions And they want to learn about whatever topic Garnish and get support So there's a way to actually create These Facebook groups to make money But you have to do it in a strategic way So Facebook groups are the biggest And Facebook groups are the biggest And Facebook groups are the biggest And you've got to remember this You do not need a group as large as mine Because not all members are created equal And size really doesn't matter I know two women One has a group with 3,000 members She has made over a million dollars The other one, this is crazy Her group only had at the time 156 members She did a launch over $200,000 It's crazy, right? Why? Because she got the right people And she's a big part of her group So you want to create a member With your ideal target audience You don't just want to accept anybody Because they want to join your group And to grow and monetize the Facebook group These are the things I'm going to go over Really quickly that you must do Naming your group correctly Okay, we want to get the right new members And then we want to nurture these new members And we want to move new members From lead to sale And the key to do this is engagement So step one Name your group and attract new members The right members So this is what I tell everybody to do Go into Facebook Go into the search bar Just like you would with Google And then put in the search bar Put yourself in your position of your ideal client And what would they be putting in for What would they be looking for So say they're a mom And they want to make money online They may put in mom's And they want to make money online And then click on the groups And then see how many of those groups What they have in their name What is the key word Because a lot of people will name their groups After their program or a hook And that doesn't work Because you want the Facebook AI bots To be able to search and recommend your group In other groups And that's why the content of your group The about section all should be on topic And of course you want to know your ideal client As well Because you can't find your ideal group members If you don't know who you're looking for And you want to niche down You can see some examples here The size of these groups Just from niching down from women entrepreneurs To mom entrepreneurs Niche groups are very, very popular And a lot of people are joining them Now this is something I'm going to share with you This is a great strategy Maybe how many people are wondering Well, how do I get group members, right? But I can see This is how you do it You leverage other people's Facebook groups To grow your own groups And you can generate leads And get new clients and sales So to do this You want to go find some Facebook groups That are in your niche And look at the group sizes The post frequencies The engagement levels You can see that even before you join the group And don't just look at numbers It may be a big group It may be a group of a million people But it could be a dead group So the engagement is really important And you want to lurk once you join Lurk and join the group and observe How are these people posting? How are they communicating in that group Before you start interacting And before you start posting Narrow it down Concentrate on the three to five groups That you know your dream customers are in Just like Russell says the dream 100 Find the groups that have these people Then you want to just search keywords in the groups Say you're an expert in fitness You're in a fitness group So you're going to search for fitness conversations Set a timer on your phone 15, 20 minutes a day Answer those questions in the comments As an expert And you'd be surprised You can get clients just doing that And then you want to post engaging content Content that gets them answering and talking And then this is going to position you As an expert in authority And then you can get to know people And invite them to start conversations And bring them over to your group But this is really the really stealth way To get people Is to create a two-step post Who knows what a two-step post is here Okay, some people In the comments If you know, oh, there's somebody in my group right here Hi, Marika If you know what a two-step post is Put a one Okay, so this is you're going to give a really high value And then you're going to tease people In other groups Who wants it? I did XYZ in this amount of time I'm doing a free training I have a PDF Who wants it? And these type of posts just go on fire These are the posts that go viral And you want to have, of course, That hook to get them in there And this is so important You need this high converting Free lead magnet To get them there And this is one of my members And this is what she put in here I grew my Facebook group from zero to 45,000 members And did a half a million in sales In less than one year That's a perfect viral hook The training is free Before I make it paid Want access And then she put stand-up member Because she's in my group And they have to identify it when they post And this has, this reach It was like almost 20,000 people And I saw this post And hundreds actually commented, Me, I want that And this particular member Has grown Not 45,000 people she got Were from my group So she was, her strategy Was to drive people from my group To her group And now their group, I believe, Is about 80,000 And here's a really easy way You may be thinking right now You may be thinking to yourself, Here's a tip Go to Etsy.com This is crazy Put in MRRPLR And you're niche That stands for master resell rights And private label rights You will be shocked when you do this They are beautiful lead magnets in there That you can upload directly to Canva And make them your own Really easy to do Of course, you want to change them up up, put some new images, change the colors to your brand colors, and now you've got a lead magnet. Just like that, within minutes. Yeah, it's really cool. When I discovered this, it's like a kid in the candy shop. I'm like, oh my gosh, you know, I start buying up all these lead magnets, right? There's no excuse not to have a lead magnet. And here's just some examples you can see. These are really nice. These are designed beautifully. And the price is, oh my goodness, $8, $292. $11.81. I mean, this is why I was like, you know, making a ton of them, because I'm like, this is crazy. So it's a really great way to get the lead magnet. Now, when you do do your two-step post, do not put the link of the Facebook group or that you're leading people to in the post. Reply in the comments. That's the second step. When people raise their hand, you reply with the link. You can DM them, but you know, you're limited with Facebook with that too, how many you can send out. And then you want to get them into your Facebook group, and you'll deliver the lead magnet inside of your Facebook group, because now you're getting their email address, and now you're going to be giving them, emailing them with the lead magnet. So this is what you're going to do here. So you're going to ask us one of the three questions. And then you want to connect your CRM. And now ClickFunnels 2.0 has what? A CRM. So this is just perfect, right? And you want to have a welcome to the group series of emails to nurture them, to convert them through your funnel, send them to your funnel, and get them to be new clients. I'm going to just give you a couple of really cool tips to grow your Facebook group. Everybody like that? All right, great. This one here, this involves your Facebook page. Everybody has a Facebook page, I assume too. Okay. Your Facebook page, you should have one that's the same name as your Facebook group, and make it an admin in your group. And then what you do is you create an event on your Facebook page. And this is what's going to happen. It's really interesting. You're going to use a highly valuable free training, a webinar, something that's really exciting. But you're going to do that webinar inside of the group, not the page. And you're going to give the link to your group, to the URL, to join the training. So basically you're forcing everybody to join your Facebook group if they want that training. So it's a great way to get a whole bunch of new members. And what's really cool, if you look here, when you're on a page, look at what it says, these are all my groups, but it will show other people's groups that you're in, people you're connected with, and you can invite them as well. So it gives you a broader option to be able to invite a lot of people to your Facebook group, actually to the event and then to the Facebook group. And this is a new feature for events that are in groups. I discovered this accidentally when I was doing an event in a group. And when I set this up, you can see over here, it says message friends, which I was like, what the heck is that? And it says here, you can put a message, which I had said hope you can make it to our new webinar here, and that will send out to the people that you check. And you can check like a broadcast, like a bunch of people at once. So I thought that was great, because that's going to go right to Messenger and remind them about your event. And another thing you can do, which is really exciting, is chat. Who has a chat in your Facebook group who has been in one? Chats are getting a lot of attention, and you can reach a lot of members with chats. So here's an example. When you set up a chat, in your event, you're going to see here all members, people that you know, conversation starters. Now this is crazy. It says people you know includes friends who aren't members of the group. So this is another stealth way to be able to get those members into your group by inviting people that you know but aren't in your group to that event. So another new feature is the promote your group feature. Who here has seen this? Great. Okay. So you check in your group. I'm going to show you here really quickly. It'll look like this. Promote your group. You can run Facebook ads to your group, and it's going to look like this. And you can include some direct targeting, like life coaching, and I did one for London, because this is my helping woman, entrepreneur's England group. And then you can have an ad that looks like this. And they're going directly to the group. So you're bypassing having to do the funnel first. And this is a great way to build your group up very quickly and less expensively with ads. So again, you want to nurture the new members and move from those new members from the lead to sale. And another way you can do that too is create a video in your group and introduce yourself to the members and then tag them as they join. But also if you probably can't see because it's small here, I've got my newsletter up here. So I'm putting them directly into the newsletter and other links as well. And again, engagement is the secret. Now we're kind of running short on time, but I'm going to go over this quickly. Creating viral posts. So you want to ask lots of questions so that the members will comment. That drives the engagement up. So here's another great example. I need to learn Canva. I created a free training on how to use it to save time creating content that sells. This is another one. This member does this post all the time. She gets like a thousand people raising their hand each time she posts this. Everybody loves this. So this is a great way to put in your own group as well as other people's groups, these type of two-step posts that are viral. Because the more your members interact with posts like that in your group, what happens? You're now going to see your group in their personal feeds. So Facebook's really the only place that does this that's actually going to have your group show up while they're scrolling and looking at their friends and other things. So you want to get it highly engaging, and then Facebook's going to actually show your group to other people. And you can use the every one tag. Who hates the every one tag here? Sorry, you can use the every one tag. But use it for something that's highly, highly valuable. Don't like to over abuse it and not use it for something that's really great. Because people won't mind if you're giving them something for free that's going to really help their business. And again, you can create chats. I got a couple seconds here to invite the members. Final tip. Create a chat, okay? But then pause the chat. And you can do a post in there to drive people in the chat to a particular post. So say you have, did you miss this? This is what I did. And I didn't let anybody comment. It's like a broadcast when you pause it. And then everybody can go see the post. Now you're getting more eyeballs on that post. You can do a daily digest with a couple of top posts in there each day. Pause it. This way they're not all people trying to spam the chat. And they're going directly to the link inside the group driving up engagement. So that is all the tips I have time for today. Thank you guys so much. Thank you, thank you, thank you. I appreciate it. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I love it. I love it. Turn off my song. I was about to break it down. Give it up for Christina one time, everybody. That was helpful. Drop a one in the chat. If you learned something you can use right away. Excellent. I love it. I love it. Okay. So, question. Show of hands. High stick with me. Energy cameras on. Question. How many of you love the idea of selling high ticket, $10,000, $20,000 even more? Show of hands. Show of hands. Show of hands. Okay. Okay. Great. Here's an interesting idea. High ticket selling to a cold audience. Hmm. You see, normally when we talk about selling high ticket, we talk about a value ladder, right? We talk about somebody going up, coming to your funnel, right? We get some traffic, get some cold traffic, and then we bring them in, and then we send them, and we send them, and eventually they get up to your high ticket. That's the way we talk about it normally, right? But what if we didn't have to ascend them? What if we could get the cold traffic to come in and then immediately do high ticket? Would that be something you'd be interested in? Yeah? To go from cold to $10,000, or cold to $20,000. What's interesting in that show of hands? Raise your hand. Raise your hand high. I want to see you guys at home. I'm not even talking to them. I'm talking to you. All right. Our next Inter Circle member who is going to grace this stage received the 2CC 2,000 Club C Award last year for crossing $25 million in his business. Woo is right. And he's going to show you the fastest way to make big ticket sales of $10,000, $20,000 even more from cold traffic. So what we're going to do is we're going to play a short video so that he can introduce himself to you, and then on the other side, we're going to bring Vishal to the stage. Woo! Everyone told me that stock market is a gamble, but I decided that I would change that, especially for the common man. He is an author, trading coach, and known as king of trading and investing. He's not only an expert, but one of the top coaches in the areas of stock market and personal transformation. Vishal Malkan is India's leading stock market coach and regularly appears on India's top television business channels. Vishal Malkan. Vishal Malkan. Vishal Malkan from Malkan's view. You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start if you want to reach greatness. Are you guys ready? Put your hands together for Vishal Malkan. Welcome to Vishal Malkan. Welcome to my friend. Thank you, thank you, thank you. So how many of you have high ticket funnel? How many would like to have a high ticket funnel? And how would like to have the fastest way to sell a high ticket? Fastest. All right, great. So my name is Vishal. Sorry. Thank you. And I'm from India. We sell coaching programs on stock trading, stock trading, investing, futures, options, everything. Now, my first thing about, if I have to talk about, I use the same concept what I talk in stock market into funnels. And in stock market, when we invest, there are two concepts. One is called value investing, and one is called momentum trading. Sorry. Value investing versus momentum trading. So what is value investing? Value investing is you buy good stock, and then slowly it goes up and gives you returns. And momentum trading is something which goes up fast. Right? So we do both. We need something like good stocks and grow over a period of time. And we need some momentum stocks, which gives me money fast. Now, in stock market, when you go for fast money, there's going to be risk involved. But when you go for the same concept in funnels, there's no risk. You just need to record a bunch of videos. You need to get some traffic and give some value. That's it. Right? So what I learned from Brendon Beshard, he was here on the stage, and first of all, I would like to thank Russell for giving me this opportunity to be on this stage. Being in whatever I've achieved, you've seen in that video, is because I was in the right rooms at the right time. I was in Funnel Hacking Live 2020, and I got the first two CC award, and I saw speakers and I said, I'm going to be one day on the stage at Funnel Hacking Live. And then I saw 10 million and 25 million. So I got 25 last year, and I've been in Inner Circle, and now in Attlus at the bottom of the funnel, and I have gone all the way from buying the book to the Attlus. And I know how it works. And what Annie shared, it's not a funnel. It's not a funnel. It's a community. This is not my topic. I teach stock market, but I'm here to serve you so that you can sell high ticket. Right? And how I did it, I'm going to show you right now. So let's talk about this where a usual value ladder is like this. This is my YouTube, and then Book Funnel, then Event, then my three month coaching program, and a one year coaching, and then further 20. This is value ladder for everyone, right? Then I thought I need momentum trading. I don't have this much time, because it takes time. If I see that it's my organic YouTube channel, which is almost like touching 6962K, I think before Christmas we should hit 1 million. Now this is a long-term process. Like 1400 videos are there. Every week I put two videos. That builds my value ladder. But if I want a value elevator, which I'm going to show you, this is my concept, how original it can be. Yes? So what I do is take the cold traffic. And put them straight to high ticket. How do I do this? Okay? It's a very simple process. Very simple thing for online marketing is called OVO. Someone say OVO? What does O stand for? First, come on. Come on, ladder. Then? Simple. It's just this everywhere. You just get the opt-in, provide value, make the offer. Get the opt-in, provide value, make the offer. Now the higher the ticket, more the value. Now I don't need to take them through a book funnel, a webinar funnel, a short-term coaching, long-term coaching, and then take it further. I just need to give them the highest ticket. Now last time when I attended one of the programs, one of the sessions by Mark Ford in our Atlas session, he said that at least, I don't remember the exact number, but at least 15% of your audience needs to see your highest offer at the earliest. 15% of all the audience want to see your highest offer at the earliest. And you want to take them to the long road, why not then put them into the OVO and make them a high ticket offer? Right? So let's start with this. How does this work? We're going to have an opt-in form, just a simple opt-in page. Then we are going to have value one. I'm going to go break down all this in detail. Value two, value three, where you make an offer, and then sales page. Now I'll go quickly because some of the basic things are already covered by Russell and other speakers here. So you know what is big domino and what are the challenges, what are the objections and all that stuff. So I'll go quickly. First is opt-in, so that's very simple. You don't need to know what is an opt-in. You just take the number. This is like an opt-in page on ClickFunnels. Then comes value one. Now this is very important. Some of the things which I improvised is you show them the big opportunity problem. Qualify yourself, teach the framework, address internal and external beliefs. Now this is one thing which I added, which I learned from Brendan is you give them a challenge. After the first webinar or the first video, you give them a challenge like a worksheet to be filled up and submit. And also have a chat role below, get engagement. What did they learn inside that video? Put that. And you have to be around to reply to the chat. So they know that you care. And then also set and hook that in the next video, you're going to learn this. So they watch the next video. But also tell them that first you finish the worksheet or the exercise, then go to the next video. So they get engaged into this. Now that's video one. Then comes, that's my video one. And I also show the video two and three are locked. And I also show that there is a downloadable worksheet. Now we are in India, so I use English and Hindi, the local language in India. Both the worksheets are there, two languages. Or you can put as many as you want. And then go to the next webinar. And then next webinar is again, you're going to put, thanks for watching video one, show them the opportunity, qualify yourself. And this time you use an emotional story. The first time you use the numbers and the testimonials and stuff like that. But the third, this second video, you need to connect with them on an emotional level. But why you are doing this, what you are doing this, and how does it make an impact? Social proof testimonials, buzz their myths. Number one challenge, big domino, quick solution, and sales preview. So you are already warming up that the next video is going to be about sales. You are going to tell them that, okay, if you like this stuff, what I am teaching, we have a program. And I am going to tell all the details about this in the next video. So you warm them up for the sales. And then get an engagement and application. Now what I did, I will show you some split tests also I did on this. So after the second video, I do an application. So what happens, it filters out the serious people. Like if you qualify, if you want to come for the next one, apply, that's a long form. You fill up all the details, what your business is, how much is your income, how much is your portfolio, and stuff like that. So only people who are serious will go to the third video. Right? That's video number two. My best strategy and I say apply now. Then I go to the third video, which is, thank you for sticking with us. The first thing what you do is FAQs. You have just made a soft offer in the video too. You just make FAQs like what are the common questions. Can I do it? Can I have a one plus one? Can I, like all the questions, can I go at my own pace, but the videos will be available? Or will there be live support sessions? All those questions which you have can be taken that high ticket offer. How you can help them. Problems and challenges. Your stories of struggle. The solutions you found. Yours and your students' results. Introduce your product and how it helps them. Bonuses and most importantly stick to the sequence. I've tried and tested. I've been doing this for the last five years now and I have done so many split tests on different kinds of O, V, O. So it's one quote which I want to highlight which I focus on my business also with the stock trading. Can you guess what it is? What's the word? Process. And what you don't need to focus on? Profit. So I use this term very often in my programs that focus on the process not on the profit. It's the process. You get the option, you give the value, you solve the problem, you make an offer. Don't worry about conversions, how many people saw, how many people converted, just doing it. And if it doesn't work, do it again. Change it, tweak it, change it, tweak it, change it, tweak it. As many times as you can. So that's what I have done which has helped me to grow my business. High ticket sales pro tip. What you are selling is not your product. What you're selling is your energy and enthusiasm. And if you are not energy, if you don't have energy and if you don't have that enthusiasm about your own product, nobody's going to buy. Right? You saw the energy Russell has while he's making an offer. You saw the energy what Brendan brings to the stage. That's the energy we are talking about. So you have to show that it should look like is the person going to come out of the screen and going to sell you something that much energy you have to show. Right? Okay, that's video three. Then comes the sales page. Okay, then there is... I want to be part of the program. Or you can give an option like call or pay. You can book a call or you can pay. Like now split test. So I have just four minutes to do this. One is first I take an application. Then I value one, two, and three and make a sales. Now this we tried. What happens is people know that there is tremendous value behind the applications or people fill it like application without any like... They just for the heck of it. And we get tons of leads and then we call them and say they are not interested. Just wanted to see the video. That's why they applied. So we made it simple. Next time we change it. Put in simple option. Let them see video one and two and then put an application. So you get two kinds of audiences. Right? Who are interested in the high ticket. And those who have not, they will not apply. But at least they have seen video one and two. So one and two, they can be good for your down sale. For your down sale. So you get leads in both the ways. And then video three and sales page. Sometimes what I do is if I see conversions are not coming up, what I'll do is split test three. I drop in an extra video. Which teaches them one more framework, which teaches them one more handle their objections or number one domino or whatever it is. Tremendous value. So I drop one more video and then make a sales offer sales page. So these are the three split tips which I tried and I keep trying. Now sales page offer offer information payment plans, deadline, book a call, pay a book a call. So you can do both. Right? Like what just result if you are sure. If you have a question, call. And if they don't call, we will call you. That's an outbound call because we have got your application. Right? So we have a sales team for doing that. So that's the thing. Sales offer page, of course, standard click funds page. Then value it. Why? Momentum. You don't need to take them to the all, all the offers, all the videos and all the small ticket, high ticket and all things. Just give them the biggest offer you have. Just provide value and make an offer. Right? Is that easy so far? Good so far. Yeah. Then cold audience. Cold audience. When you run cold audience, you, the lead cost is low because you are giving free. When you pay, you are, when you run ads for paid things, the cost is high, but we do run ads for free. The lead cost is low. They obtain, they see the value, they become warm. If they apply, they become hot. So it's the fastest way to convert your cold audience into hot audience within just three videos. And maybe in three days or maybe six days, you can trip the videos and high returns. Now you can do the math what Russell taught about how much you need to reach one million. How many would like to have one 2CC award before the next FHL? Yes? In this room, one extra 2CC award because I know everybody's got one. But on screen, say 2CC award before the next FHL in the screen that I'm ready. Say I'm ready in the chat box. Everyone? I'm ready. I'm ready to do O, B, O. Ready for a down. Most of the audience who don't grow through the application, they can go for the down. You have a down, which can be a mid-ticket or a low-ticket. And you keep nurturing them till they come back to the high ticket. Final pro trips, you need to be consistently doing this. You don't give up after first O, B, O. Then you need to have energy, enthusiasm, as I said. You have to be obsessed about your product. You have to be obsessed about marketing and funnels. And you have to be in the right rooms at the right time. And all of you watching online or here are in the right room if you want to make a million extra before Final Hacking Live. And so one more time. O, B, O. Value and offer. And this is what helped me. Now I look at this studio and suddenly this looks smaller. All right, so this is how it got started. 2013, I bought my first online course called Experts Academy from Brendan. And how did he sell me? Using O, B, O. He just showed me three videos and sold me a $2,000 program, which is Experts Academy 2013. And I said, somebody can sit in the US and sell me a $2,000 program in India. I should better learn something. And how do I do that? And finally, I have OVS running right now on my campaigns. And this is what happened in the last three years, four years, 2020, to the year 2022, to the year 2023. And one last slide. This is what I do, why I do, for my family, my kids, my wife, and one big applause to my wife. She's here. And I was here for 17-minute talk, taking a 28-hour flight coming and going back. And this is my 10th trip to US in the last two years, being in Russell's room. And I'm proud of that because I'm in the right room at the right time, which made me all that. So thank you so much. Give it up everybody! All right. Okay. All right. Okay. Proud of the shot. Hey, man, he's got you guys working up in the video. I see you guys with your cameras on. Bowson clapping. I know who little man is, little man I see you. I forget where you are. You just went away. You just bouson. Having a good time. So yes, give me two thumbs up if this is helpful. If you guys are learning something, yes. Great to see what it's like in the inner circle room, right? Okay. Let's keep this party rocking. So our next speaker did something really cool. He took his social media from less than 6,000. And by the way, that's 6,000 total across all the platforms. He took his social media from less than 6,000 total across all platforms a little over a year ago to today as of yesterday, more than 3 million followers. Yeah, Woo is right. And not only did he figure out how to grow his social media, but he also figured out how to monetize it to the tune of 7 Figures Net. Not Gross Net. And what he's going to share with you today is he's going to share with you a new funnel strategy using social media as the funnel itself, right? Using social media as the funnel itself. So here's what we're going to do. We're going to play a short video to intro him to you. And then on the other side, we're going to bring Edward Collins to the stage. Let's watch. And then we're going to impact multiple lives. Those multiple lives could go out and impact multiple lives and so on and so forth down the road to improve the world. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the stage. Edward Collins. Welcome to the stage. Edward Collins. 100% for you at home too. You're energized, right? Hello, hello, hello. Today, we're going to talk about the three secrets that will take a funnel and 10 X any other funnel. Because it's really four funnels in one. And it's become the backbone of my eight figure enterprise. It's called the no, like and trust you funnel. Now it's powered by something I call the community led growth engine. Now, in the short time that we have together, I'm going to talk really, really fast. Now, I'm going to talk about the eight figure enterprise. Now, I'm going to give you everything I got. But I also want to make a promise to you because I said we're going to uncover and unlock three secrets. There's actually seven. And for those who want them want to learn about them, if you stick with me to the end, I'm going to share with you a way that you can learn and where actually to learn them and get access to that information. Now, the reality is, I'm a I'm an individual that essentially is interested in taking my life to the next level in every single way. Now, in all transparency, I actually don't teach or sell what I'm about to share with you. So I've learned a thing or two though over the course of the past year or so. And Russell asked me to share so I'm here. So in the immortal words of Alex Tomosi, I have nothing to sell you. But pay attention when I'm about to share could change your life. Who's all in? Oh, yeah. You see, the concept itself has to start with the fact that common sense, unfortunately, is not all that common, at least for me. You see, I built and scaled eight other companies and I took them all the way through six, seven, even eight figures now. And I went through this process where over the course of the past 27 years, I did that the old fashioned way. See, I didn't grow up with social media like a lot of you guys. And I grew up definitely with this technology. I did so by going out into the real world and shaking hands and developing centers of influence. But when it came to my ninth business, my coaching business, my online business, I struggled. I hit a wall. You see, for me, I'm a lawyer. I specialize in tax estate and business law. But I'm also a serial entrepreneur. I built multiple companies. I have a private wealth management firm. I have an accounting firm. I have an a fractional CFO company. But these companies, I built them by shaking hands, meeting people one on one. So my brick wall, when I was struggling with this process, my brick wall itself was the fact that I was really, really, really good at the one to one sales. But I struggled with this concept of one to many. It just didn't make sense to me. It didn't click for me. But I knew it was critically important. You see, I knew that so many different business owners out there who are part of this ecosystem, they were actually succeeding in this process of actually understanding the one to many sales process. So I tried everything. I threw everything at the wall. We did webinar funnels. We did challenge experiences. We did boot camps. We did literally, I think, everything that Russell has been teaching. But for me, it just didn't click. I knew it was critically important because I saw individual after individual, especially in this room, achieving financial freedom by mastering this art. But it's really art and science. Now, I want to share something with you because I said financial freedom. That's critically important, right? Of all the freedoms that exist in the world, financial freedom is the most important freedom. It leads to the freedom of education, freedom of mobility, the freedom of healthcare, the freedom of security, the freedom of choice. So I knew I had to figure it out. So I did what any smart businessman will do. I turned to Google. You see, Google actually figured it out too. They've done study after study because they're the largest company in the world with the most data. And they actually uncovered this thing, researching what actually, what it takes for an individual to succeed on sales online. And they discovered something called the 711 for rule. This is a writer downer, guys. The 711 for rule. You see, when it comes to this concept, Google said, OK, if we're going to look at what it takes for someone to be successful selling, the person who's buying needs the following. They need to experience your brand through duration. At least seven hours. They also uncovered that that is required over 11 separate touch points, 11 separate touch points. And then ultimately, four separate locations, four separate locations. Now, this process awakened something in me because it was information that actually started to kick off this light bulb in my head. Because it was common sense, right? You need to get to know people and have them get to know you. And when I looked at it from that lens, I uncovered that there's actually some other common sense things that feed into this. Common sense things that we both know. Common sense things that we know to be true. And once I started putting them into play, I'm like, well, these are actually secrets. Secrets that I can use to change my trajectory with regard to online sales. What I'm going to do is I'm going to share with you the secrets. I'm going to talk a little bit about why I struggled with them. And then I'm going to tell you how I use the secrets to essentially change my life. When it comes down to it, this is secret number one. Dating for a bit improves your odds of a yes when you propose. Common sense, right? How many people in the room are married? How about at home? Home? Say married in the chat if you're married. You know this to be true. Think about this. Think about this. The first time you saw the love of your life. Imagine for a moment you're standing across the room and you wink. Maybe he or she winks back at you. What do you think the odds would have been if you walked up and tried to shoot your shot? Rate on that first encounter. Probably not all that successful. I had similar experiences though with regard to my online business. Because I was trying to shoot my shot on that very first interaction. And I was trying to sell before they even got to know me. I was trying to sell when they had no clue who I was, what I did, or even how I did it. But that secret alone only opened part of the puzzle. Because there's this other secret. This other secret that I, again, we know to be true. This is when you're baking a cake, you need just the right ingredients, at just the right order, and at just the right time. Otherwise you end up with a mess. You see, I was doing it all wrong. I was like the sweetest chef in the kitchen making every mistake. Because I wasn't putting the ingredients in the right order. And I was having conversations with all of these different individuals who are coming into my community. And it wasn't leading to anywhere. It wasn't leading to anywhere. Now, once I understood that, I had to say, well, wait a minute. What is something else that is true that can actually feed into this concept of the 7-11-4 rule? Well, that's this third secret, that buyers actually want transformation. They don't want information, but here's the truth. You need the information to get to your destination. So, while I understand what they want, I also have to give them what they need. But how do you do that? Well, that's the important thing. Because you and I know it's the destination that most people want. That's what the buyers want. They don't want necessarily the journey. Think about it. They want the beach, not the TSA. They want the beach, not the TSA. But I was giving them the TSA. I was standing in these webinars and I was giving information after information. My team knows. I would over-deliver. We did this one challenge, the outsmart the IRS challenge. And on that challenge, we gave away strategies where individuals were leaving that room with hundreds of thousands of dollars of tax savings. Per attendee. And I sold it for 97 bucks. Right? And once I over-delivered and I gave all the strategies away, they weren't really hungry for the next thing I was offering. You see, I was making the mistake without recognizing the truth of these secrets. But once I started to really put these puzzle pieces together, I recognized that I can actually apply these secrets in my online coaching business. And I apply them in what I call the no-like and trust-you funnel. And it's powered by the community-led growth engine. And it looks like this. Now, if you're at home and you have a piece of paper, I'm going to ask you to pull out your piece of paper. And I want you on that piece of paper to divide it into three parts. Sort of like this. The no-like and trust-you funnel is essentially leveraging what exists today for us to get attention. I have your attention right now. But imagine if I can go out into the world and get thousands of people's attention all at the same time. Relatively speaking, there's a very low barrier to entry in order for me to do that. It's at the top. Everyone's heard of short-form content, right? It doesn't take a lot of time, seconds, if you will, on camera. Now, I know a lot of people are going to be, Edward, I don't want to get on camera. I'm a little shy. A lawyer. It doesn't get much more boring than what I do. Okay? So if I can do it, relatively speaking, low-technology capabilities, I know you can do it too. See, my very first social media post was in October of 2021. Very first. I'm going to grow up with this stuff, guys. You can do it. It is possible. You can absolutely go out into the world, pull up your camera, and say something over the course of a few seconds that is authentically you, and you can connect with people. But this process, the short-form process, when you understand these secrets, you understand that these short-form processes, like you winking from across the room. But we need more than just the wink. We need to get into a dating situation, so if you understand this concept, you can then start to move them to where the dating can take place. Your long-form content. See, YouTube is a great example of this, right? You can create a video about whatever the product you're selling or the service you're selling, and you can connect with people over longer durations. And the amazing thing about YouTube is people aren't there for, generally speaking, entertainment. They're there to learn. They're there to get information. And the how-to. But here's the key, because I really want to get into a marriage with those that I sell to. So if I take them from that long-form environment where they've gotten an opportunity to learn from me and learn about me and about what I do, I can then send them to a community where we can develop a real relationship and interact one at a time, day after day, and get them to understand truly who I am and have them learn whether or not they like me. Now, how many people have seen some of my social media content? Yeah. I post a lot. And I have a lot of people who don't like me. Like a lot. But I'm totally okay with that, because the reality is some will, some won't, so what? Next. Right? And with a few, I can transform their lives. Because I know what I know. And I know what I know changes lives. Now, when you look at it from this concept, you just step back a little bit to take it more in view, you can see that this is actually a funnel. Short-form content, leading to long-form content, which leads to community for nurturing. Now, the key part, though, is remember all these different secrets, right? We know like a trust requires dating. It requires an understanding of what ingredients to put in what order. It requires us to do the steps to get to the outcome. So what do you actually teach? Well, at the short-form, a lot of people focus on the what. And that's actually a really good thing to focus on. Unfortunately, you're focusing on the wrong what. You see, if you really want to transform, you want to focus on what they should want, not what they should do. Show them the destination in your short-form content. Show them what they want or what they should want. And then when you get to the long-form content invitation, that's when you give them the wow. The wow is the combination of what to do and how to do it. Wow. And once you're in that environment, and now they've learned much more about what you do and how you're doing it, you can then, in the community, give them the how plus. The how plus. Now, the how plus is more tactics plus friendship because it's a community. You get to cultivate those relationships in such a way that those individuals can step back and say, I really know and like this individual, and I can get outcome. Would you like to see how I do this? This is my fun. I have short-form content in the form of Instagram Reels, TikTok, all leading to my long-form YouTube videos. So I may do a short reaction video to a topic on, let's say, insurance, and then in my long-form environment, I teach the Rockefeller method for insurance planning. I may have a short-form item that is on tax minimization and tax reduction, and then I have an entire long-form video on how to master certain aspects of the tax code. And once they like that, then they can jump into the community where I teach them every single week and develop the tactics in them so they get the outcomes they desire. And the beautiful thing about the community is that you get to nurture that relationship over time and ascend them up to all of your other offers. And when you look at it, that's a funnel. I can offer my lead magnets and my dramatic demonstrations. Those are funnels. And then the whole community ascension process is also a funnel, four funnels in one. And it changed the trajectory of my business. And this process has now become the backbone of my enterprise. Now, I did promise you that I'd tell you where you can learn more. How many people are interested in learning more? Right, learn. Learn in the chat if you want to learn where you can find more information. I see a lot of people wanting to learn more. Here's the answer. Be in the right rooms with the right people so you can ask the right questions, get the right answers, and start taking action. Rooms just like this. Funnel Hackers, you've been awesome! Thank you so much. Good job. Thank you. Keep it going, everybody! All right. So, we are halfway through our inner circle TED Talks. We've got three more presentations. You guys still with me, yes? You guys still with me? Both hands up in the air. You at home. Both hands up in the air. Both hands up in the air. Both hands up in the air. Both hands up in the air. It's okay. Wave it to the left. Wave it to the right. We've got three. We're pulling. Breathe in through your nose, out through your mouth, in through your toes. I don't care. We're going hard. We're having a good time. We've got a little bit more learning. Have a seat even though I'm going to have you stand up in just a second. All right. Show of hands, cameras on. Show of hands, cameras on if you have ever heard of a webinar funnel. Anybody ever heard of a webinar funnel? Now, in this room, that should be everybody, right? You say, Devon, a webinar funnel? That's not... What are you talking about? Russell talks about that all the time. What's fancy about it? What's new? What's hot? What do I need... This next duo I'm about to bring to the stage did over 30 million dollars with just one webinar funnel in just under two years while working just three hours a week. Do I have your attention now? Okay. Here's the question that I want to ask. You know my clicker's not clicking. Clicker's not clicking. That's okay. There you go. Sometimes we set up a funnel and the funnel works so well that we don't hit a single or a double or even a home run. Sometimes we set up the funnel and we hit a grand slam, right? Sometimes we take something that we've all heard of, like a webinar funnel and we do it in such a specific way and we put all the puzzle pieces in just the right way that it allows you to generate 30 million dollars in just under two years working three hours a week. So is it okay if I bring the two gentlemen who created this amazing webinar funnel to the stage, have them show you the framework, have them break it down for you, have them show you exactly what they did? Is that okay? Is that okay? I see some people in the chat. I see if your video camera's on. Excellent. We got a little bit more to go. So stand up, put your hands together. Help me welcome to the stage William and Arya. What's up, what's up, funnel hackers? Alright, come on, y'all. We got to have some more energy than that. I said, what's up funnel hackers? I like that. I like that. Alright guys, well, number one, I want to start off prefacing by saying funnel hacking live is such an amazing event to see all of us internet marketers, all of us coaches, course creators, all of us online, all of us online, all of us online, all of us online, all of us online, all of us online, all of us online, all of us online, all of us online.idar it's going to be my kicking ass. I'm hoping to start out watchingik part 5. I want to tell you there are a bunch of other coaches, course creators and consultants just come together and be in an ecosystem together and for all of you guys out there, it's a pleasure to have you and in our time today, my goal and William's goal is to do two things. Number one, we want to share with you guys finds the great elements of a webinar in a more passive way. So without further ado, we'll take it away, my friend. Appreciate it, bro. So I like to pride myself in being one of the laziest entrepreneurs in history. So this funnel right here made over $30 million in less than two years while only working about three hours a week. So I'm going to break it down. It's the framework specifically that makes this funnel so profitable because you're able to monetize it in so many ways. So at first, it looks just like a simple webinar funnel. So people opt into the webinar funnel through paid ads, organic traffic. However you get traffic, we mainly do paid ads. We send it to this webinar funnel. When people opt into this webinar, it's a free webinar, they get to a bridge order form. So basically, it's an offer. It's a video of me saying, hey, congratulations for registering for the webinar. But before Sunday, because we do them every Sunday live, before Sunday, I want you to go ahead and grab this e-com care package. We do an Amazon coaching offer just to give you context. I say grab this e-com care package so you can get some knowledge before heading into Sunday to best prepare yourself. Now this right here is a $17 offer. And when people buy this, it's what I call a value-based VSL. So if you guys know what a VSL is, it's a video made so people can book a call and then pay high ticket, right? So when people buy this offer right here, they watch it and at the end of the video, I tell them to book a call. So I give them value and then at the end, I tell them, hey, if you're watching this and Sunday hasn't hit yet, go ahead and book a call with my team. You can actually get started. You don't have to wait until Sunday. So you guys know that VSLs traditionally, they don't really have a high completion rate of the viewers watching it. But with this, because people are paying for it, you're going to get like 80% to 90% actually watch this right here, because there's a paywall behind it. So this is a disguised VSL that people are paying for. And what we see is, before our Sunday webinar, we actually get high ticket sales for our high ticket coaching program that's anywhere between $5,000 to $20,000. So $5,000 to $20,000 from this right here. Now let's say they don't take this offer. That's cool. They go to the thank you page regardless. And on the thank you page, it's a video of me saying congratulations for registering for the webinar. First thing I want you to do is join our Facebook group. Now our Facebook group is our money machine. And I'll show you guys later why that is. But in the meantime, while we're heading towards Sunday to the webinar day, in this Facebook group, I'm posting reminders saying, hey, we're almost there. We're three days away. Two days away. One day away. So we're sending email reminders, text reminders, as well as posting in this Facebook group. Now on the day of the webinar, at the end, when we do our pitch and people go to our sales page, one hack that has increased our conversions tremendously is as I'm making the pitch, I'm like, hey, if you just purchased, if you just enrolled, what I want you to do is make a post in this Facebook group and let everyone know that you just enrolled. And what that does is keep in mind, you might have 5,000 registrants. And out of those 5,000 registrants, maybe only 1,000 showed up to the webinar. But they're all still in this Facebook group. So as I'm getting all these orders on my webinar, everyone's posting in this Facebook group that they just enrolled. So your people that registered that didn't attend, they're getting blown up by notifications from Facebook that people are posting in this group. And what this does is it creates a lot of FOMO buyers. They feel like they're missing out. They're like, wait, what just happened? What are people buying? So they end up joining your webinar as you're pitching, and then they'll start buying. Another thing that we do with this Facebook group as well is not only does it increase show rates, not only does it help us increase conversions here, but all the people that didn't get this offer as well, we drop it back into the Facebook group and people start buying that as well, and they'll book a call and pay for our high ticket. And another way that we get more high ticket buyers, we actually get a 20% ascension rate of everyone that buys our regular offer on our webinar, which this offer is a 997 offer, so about 1,000 bucks. And yeah, so this is about 1,000 bucks on the webinar. As soon as they buy that offer, the first step is to book a call with our team. So as soon as they enroll, they get to a thank you page and it says, hey, congratulations for enrolling to E-Computer University. The first thing you need to do is to book a call with one of our EDU advisors. And when they book that call, my team on boards them, but they also show them what it looks like to be a high ticket customer in our inner circle. So they show them the other high ticket programs as well, and we get at least 20% to upgrade. And this is a customer that we already paid for. So everything we make on the backend is essentially profit because we make all of our ads spend plus some back on the webinar, and then all of these buyers end up booking a call, and 20% of those buyers will end up upgrading into high ticket. And again, our high ticket ranges from $5,000 to $20,000. So that right there, just that right there, has made us over $30 million in less than two years. And a big part of it is, again, this VSL right here, because a lot of times we're able to liquidate all of our ad spend before the webinar day, just from people watching the VSL that they pay $17 for, and booking a call with our team, as well as this Facebook group right here, which it now has over 100,000 members, just because every time someone registered for the webinar, they end up in this Facebook group, and we're constantly marketing different offers into this Facebook group as well. So that right there is the webinar funnel. Again, I do this live every single Sunday. I haven't missed, I probably missed like three Sundays in the past three years, but yeah, I do a live webinar every single Sunday, and I've tried the automated ones as well, but they just don't convert as well as the live, and yeah, it's a very simple funnel. Now, while this is great, and we made a lot of money doing this, one day I was talking to Arya, and I was like, you know what, the webinar is cool, but I'm getting a little tired. I'm doing this every single week, and again, I'm lazy. I know I'm only working three hours a week, and I'm saying I'm getting tired. I'm like, I don't wanna do this webinar like every single Sunday. There has to be another way that we can make money. And that's how we came up with the low ticket, high ticket hybrid. He's gonna go over this right now. Appreciate you, Will. So real quick, guys, who got some value from that webinar funnel right there? Y'all like that? I like it. It's a really good funnel, but like Will said, he's a lazy person, but I'm lazy too, and I don't like showing up on Sunday at 8 p.m. every night, and Will stays on a long time. He does that webinar from 8 p.m. all the way to around 11 30, so he's staying on that webinar for about three and a half hours, and he did that for three years in a row. So now I'm gonna break down, guys, what we call our high ticket hybrid funnel, and essentially, this is just a VSL, but I'm gonna show you guys a couple things that we did to really boost the conversions and make this funnel really perform for us. So this is our opt-in page. It's a really simple opt-in, just name, email, phone number, and a headline. But one thing that we did that's really, really interesting right here, we depend a lot on paid traffic. At the height of our webinar, we're spending around $25,000 a day in ad spend, and that's a lot of money to put on your AmEx or to pay out. So for us, on this opt-in page, we sell an Amazon Bizop, so we teach people how to partner with big name brands that we all know and love, like Lysol, Logitech, Fiji. We teach people how to buy those at wholesale prices and then list them on Amazon, the number one e-commerce marketplace in the world. And a lot of people also run other Amazon coaching offers in Bizops. We have over 16,000 students worldwide, but we have to figure out, okay, if market awareness is increasing, how can we make selling on Amazon or learning how to open up wholesale accounts more interesting? How can we frame it as a new opportunity? Because we've been running this offer for five years, and as market awareness increases, you have to find ways to make your offer exciting. So our old headline that we had on this VSL was just discover how to earn $300 to $1,000 a day selling name brand products on Amazon. Who gets excited by that headline? I see no hands raised, because it doesn't really excite you. It's an old opportunity and everyone's seen it. So instead, we redid that headline and we said, if you're reading this on September 6th, which is today, you could have a thriving online business by September 30th. That's a pretty intriguing headline, wouldn't you say? That's something that invokes curiosity. And on cold traffic, you guys gotta think, these people are seeing a lot of ads. They don't know your brand or your offer. So you have to pull out a sledgehammer and hit them with it, not seriously, but metaphorically, of course, to really get that pattern interrupt. You have to hook them into your offer and your opportunities. So that's what we did. So anytime you can come up with a big idea or an extraordinary idea or something to invoke curiosity, do it because it will help your opt-in rate. We took our opt-in rate on this page from about 22% to about 40%. That's a pretty huge jump. So now let's actually touch on the VSL page. This is essentially just a mini webinar, guys. It's that three and a half hour webinar that Will does, compressed into about 15 minutes, introducing who he is, what we do, how we help, and then we have a soft CTA to a book of call. And one really interesting thing, guys, that y'all wanna do on this VSL page is you wanna have a timer, but you wanna make this a forced VSL. Someone cannot proceed past this VSL page until that timer hits zero. The next step of the funnel does not reveal itself, which is essentially booking application, we take them to an application page until they watch this entire VSL. We put a 14-minute timer on this VSL and they cannot proceed until they consume that content. You don't want people showing up to sales calls without understanding your offer or being pre-framed or understanding anything before they book a call with a closer because they're probably not gonna pay if they're confused. So after they go past this VSL page, we take them to an application, and this is where friction is everything. Marketing, a huge part of it is about friction, and the more friction you add, the more you're gonna get your ideal customer to book a call with your closer. Now I always tell people, if you start a VSL, don't add a ton of friction. Do not add 15 questions into your application. What's your name, email, phone number, what's your income, how much money do you make, how much cash do you have to invest? Start with as low friction here as possible, and if you're getting too many book calls or too many throughputs throughout the funnel, then you can add more and more friction as you go on. And then pretty much after this application, guys, we book them on a call with our sales team, and then we send them a pre-call video. That's a call from one of our closers who essentially tells them like, hey, thank you so much for booking a call with our company, Ecom Degree University. We're really excited about your call, and that's where they break the objections. That's where they say, is Amazon FBA saturated? Do I need a lot of money to do this? What if, do I need a lot of time to do this? It's really valuable to have your closers send them this pre-call asset because it just makes their job selling your high ticket offers a lot easier. And then pretty much after that, guys, we sell a $5,800 coaching program, a $7,500 coaching program, and then we send them up into a $20,000 coaching program, which is more of a done for you. So, and that is our high ticket hybrid funnel. The very last thing I actually forgot to mention is what do you do with all the people that don't qualify? Because people in this type form, not everybody's gonna have $3,000 to $5,000 to invest. That's the metric that we put. So for everyone that is technically an unqualified lead, they are redirected to a page with a low ticket offer. It's essentially just a funnel page with copy that says, thank you, your application to our coaching program has been received. In the meantime, here's some products that we think will be super beneficial for you to take a look at that can help you on your Amazon journey. And they're just small, bite-sized low ticket products, a $10 Amazon case study, a $47 ungating guide. Different assets that you can just give people to help educate them on the Amazon business model. And what's really cool about this DQ page, the reason this works guys is all about framing. One of the reasons this wasn't converting for us was because instead of your application has been received, we used to tell people that they just were unqualified. And that's not very good in the minds of cold traffic. Nobody really wants to buy something from you if they tell them that they can't buy the thing they were trying to go through. So framing is really important here. If you frame this as an application received versus your application's been denied or you're unqualified, like a negative connotation, it really does help to boost the conversions. This front-end offer, which is just a $10 low ticket product, converts it about 50% for us. And that helps us recoup a lot of daily cash getting traffic to this funnel. So that's the high ticket hybrid funnel guys. The last thing Will's gonna touch on is our email list, which doing that webinar for about three years guys, we built an email list close to a million customers and about a quarter million engaged active leads that we mail our list every single day. So yeah, so one of the reasons why I love the webinar funnel is just because it's an easy call to action to give. When you're creating reels, when you're creating YouTube videos, whenever it is that you're making content, it's easy to just tell someone, hey, I'm hosting a free training on Sunday or whatever, you can come and you'll learn more in depth on what I'm talking about now. And because my call to action has been the same for the last three years, we've been able to build a huge email list because there is no friction in opting into a free training where they know they're gonna get value from. If you try to just sell someone a low ticket or a high ticket just off the rip when they don't trust, when they don't know like or trust you, it's just way harder. So that's how we've been able to build such a huge email list. And I wanna drop another gem for you guys that maybe you don't wanna start with paid as, right? Maybe you wanna just use organic right now to get these people into your webinar and to scale your business. One thing that changed the game for me, and I call this basically an automated webinar on your IG. So if you look at an Instagram profile, right? It looks like this. So you got your bio, you got your profile picture, you got these highlights right under the bio, like a bunch of little circles, and then you got your feed, right? Now what I do is these highlights, I use them strategically. Because when someone follows you, the first thing they do is they watch your story, and then they check your highlights. A lot of people have a bunch of BS in their highlights, like places they've been, like stuff that's irrelevant to scaling their business. So what I do is my first highlight literally says start here. I tell people, look, when people land on my page, the first highlight says start here. And the first highlight is literally a mini webinar. It's a video of me saying, hey, if you're new here, my name is William Rivera. I've been through a lot of stuff, these past eight years, I actually, eight years ago I was a felon at 17. I was working, making $11 an hour at the Amazon warehouse, and now I've been able to retire my mom. I live in my dream home, I've made millions of dollars online, and here's how I did it. And then it's just a bunch of posts of pictures of me working at Amazon, me when I got arrested, me when I started my first online business. I put them through this story that they get through in literally like five minutes. And as they get through that five minute story, at the end there's another video like, hey guys, that was my story, if I can do it, you can do it too. And I'm actually hosting a free training on Sunday, going way more in depth on how I did this, because I can't tell my full story in a five minute IG highlight. And that right there gets me webinar registrants every single day, because every time I get a new follower, they watch this, they get to that last video, and they register. And this right here, guys, I mean, I can't really come to an exact number in how much money that's made me, but I made this highlight years ago. And to this day, I get registrants from it every single day. So if there's one thing that you take away from this presentation, I mean, we gave you a lot of game, but definitely add this to your profile, because this right there is gonna get you leads every single day on a consistent basis. But again, my name is William Rivera, that's my COO, Arya Datka. Hopefully you guys enjoyed this presentation. Thank you. Way to go, fellas. Way to go, fam. Way to go, fam. Excellent. Keep it going for William and Arya, everybody. All right. Excellent, I love it. I hope that was helpful. Was that helpful? Give me a thumbs up if that was helpful. Give me a thumbs up if you learned something. Yes. Two more. We got two more presentations. So. So. So. One of the things that I know for a fact is that a lot of you out there have started to build your audience, right? You've built your audience. And one of the challenges that we hear so often is that, hey, I'm building my audience and my audience likes to learn from me and they just wanna learn from me, learn from me, learn from me, learn from me. But how do you take your audience from just learning from you? And shift them to burning to buy from you. Right? Let's go as right. How do you get them to make that shift? Well, that's what our next speaker, Ms. Macy McNeely, is going to show you. Yes, some of you guys know her. Now Macy is the founder and CEO of the Sales Girls, an organization whose mission it is to help women master the art of conversation and persuasion. In the first three years of business, she did over $5 million selling in one-on-one conversations and won to many presentations. She has made it her life's work to build up women who will use sales mastery to persuade for good. So, funnel hackers, let me see those cameras on. Let me see that energy. In studio, let me see you on your feet. Help me welcome to the stage Macy McNeely. Yeah. Let me see you around the world cause girls are the greatest. What you know about living in a top-faceted house is looking down on the ops, taking photos, test drives, living on the lock, time is meaningful, I'm thinking on the rock, hold on, no finish, I'm feeling white teeth. How many of you would like a 25 to one return on your challenge funnel, no matter where you are in your challenge, or excuse me, no matter where you are in your funnel building journey, say I would. I would. Now, the reason this is so exciting is because that is exactly what our challenge is doing. It's a 25 to one return on a $25,000 program. Now, here's what makes this really interesting. For the last six years of building the business, this year, 2024, when? When? This is the first year that I actually understood what a funnel was. Okay, yeah, so for the first five years of building the business, I thought, are you all ready for this? I thought a funnel, this is so embarrassing. I thought a funnel was a page with an opt-in and just some emails. I had no idea it was a series of pages. Am I alone here, anybody else? No, okay, thank you. So in 2024, I read Expert Secrets, and that's when I realized, oh, a funnel is a series of pages, not just an email sequence, and when I figured that out, our summit funnel has done a million dollars, our challenge funnel has done $2 million, and our business is gonna go from about $1.2 million to $5 million in 2024. I know, thank you. Now you might be wondering, I see if you just now know what a funnel is, how are you on this stage? And that is a very good question. I'm not exactly sure, so I'm not gonna teach you about funnels, but here's what I am going to tell you. I'm gonna tell you how to shift your messaging, like tiny little tweaks with big impact, so that you can earn as you learn. So you can really leverage whatever funnel you have right now to have incredibly high conversions. Does that sound good? Awesome. Well, my name is Macy McNeely, and I create world-class sales girls. Now sales girls are girls, obviously, but men in here, I just want you to know, we don't just teach girl things, we teach sales skills, which are people things. We just happen to feel really passionate about creating women with a purpose that can communicate a purpose. And the thing about women with sales skills is they're able to communicate in a way that gets people to not just take action to buy the product, but to actually use the product and ultimately win with the product. If you are in the business of creating winners, say I am. Yeah, so you have to sell to get them to actually to win. Now, people say that communication skills are soft skills. Have you guys heard that before? But is it so incredibly powerful to have people that are believers? Like, they're not just buyers, but they believe what you say. When people believe what you say, they do what you say. Do you realize what a big deal that is? So if you guys want to learn that today, that's exactly what I'm gonna teach you. I'm gonna teach you three things, like teeny, tiny little tweaks that make huge impacts on your conversions and your sales messages. So I'm curious to know if you've ever heard the quote from Frank Kern that says, prove to people that you can help them by actually helping them. Have you ever heard that before? Wave at me if you have, okay? It's an amazing quote, and I love the quote, and I see it on Instagram, I see it on Twitter all the time. And I love it when people grab hold to this quote because they think, hey, I'm going to prove, everyone say prove, I'm going to prove that I can help people by just helping them. And the best way that people know how to help people is through educating them. Y'all know what I'm talking about? You love to educate people to prove to them that you can help them. And this is where you love to live. You're like, oh my gosh, finally. Like this is why I got into entrepreneurship, is to teach wealth, is to teach health, is to teach relationships. This is my passion. This is like my zone of genus, my arena. You someone say arena, arena. And it looks a little bit like this. It looks like, I want you to think about it, almost like a road. And you can think about it as a road in your mind because it's the road that you have thought about all the time, right? You think about health, wealth, and relationships all the time, so it's smooth. Think about this as a road on a highway. And it's like beautifully paved. It is well manicured and it is smooth as can be. And you love going on this road. And people love going on this road with you because you're comfortable, right? Like you're comfortable, so they're comfortable. And you're comfortable because you have command. What do you have? Someone say command. You have command. And the thing is, is like, you have proof to them that you can help them. Because they're saying things to you, like I've learned so much from you. Have people said that to you before? Wave at me if they have. They're like, thank you for helping me. I've learned so much from you. Thank you. And you're like, yes. I've proved to them that I can help them. Pay up, baby. Let's go. But they don't always pay up, right? And you're like, what is going on? I've done my job. I've proved to you. Why aren't you buying from me? They're learning from you, but they're not burning to work with you. Does this sound familiar? Put a one in the chat. This sounds familiar. And I want to tell you why this is happening. You see, there's another road right here. And it's called the selling road. Someone say selling. Now thankfully, I call Russell, Big Brother Russell. He doesn't know that, but that's okay. Big Brother Russell has really teed us up right here to help you see the value of selling. Are y'all starting to see the value of selling? And how important this is? So what happens is you're educating in your content. You're educating in your webinars. You're educating in your sales, in your messages. And then you try to go onto this sales road. And you haven't been there in a minute. Maybe you haven't thought about it in a minute. And so it's a little overgrown. These are my trees right here. It's a little overgrown. You're trying to find how to sell to people, but you can't seem to find it. So you back up and you start educating again. Or even worse, to be honest, you actually do make it on this selling road, but it is just so gravelly. It's not maintained at all. And so you take people down this road and it is totally ruining your car, AKA your reputation, and the people that are in the car with you are miserable. They're like, you are so uncomfortable. I'm uncomfortable. You know what? Let's just stop the car. I'll just get out and walk. Thank you so much. And then never buy from you. Is this making sense? Why have I made this making sense? So like, and obviously you see how important this is because this is what creates a burning desire for people to work with you. I mean, Russell said so many times, the point of a funnel is to take them through a series of pages so that they can experience you in a sales message. This is the point of a funnel. So I wanna show you today how there's a way to actually connect these roads. To make it a beautiful, just like amazing experience where you are educating them and selling them at the same time. Where they're not just saying, hey, you've learned from me but they're saying, you've changed me. And I don't know about y'all, but I'm in the business of transformation, not just information. Can I get it? Amen. Say yes. So I wanna show you like three majorly life changing tweaks that you can do today. Like seriously, you can close up your computer after this funnel hiking live is over, make these tweaks and have insane major improve in your improvement and your persuasion. So here's what it looks like, okay? There's three things that educators tend to do. And I'm gonna kind of do it like this. I'm gonna redraw as I can make it a little bit higher. So people that love to educate, they love to tell you what to do. So when I think about educating, I honestly think about teachers. And I had a third grade teacher one time and she would do a little something like this. She would say, all right, everybody, sit down. Sit down, everybody. Sit down class. Sit down. I'm not gonna tell you again, sit down. You're just telling them what to do over and over and over. Do y'all have people in your life that you tell them what to do and they don't actually do it? Hello, your kids. Anybody? And you're like, maybe they didn't hear me. Let me just repeat myself louder and more intensely and they'll actually do it. So I wanna tell you a little bit about the word persuade. So persuade is actually broken up into two parts. How many parts? Two parts. There's purr and then there's suede. Suede means to advise. Persuade means to advise. And advise is this right here. Telling people what to do. Y'all don't need help with this, okay? So we're just gonna move on from it because advising is so easy. It tells you what to do. But selling tells people what they get out of what they do. So let's do an example here. Let's say I'm talking to a 14-year-old boy in high school. And how many of you, like, no stretching is important for you? Wave at me if you know. How many of you actually stretch? Okay, a few of you, that's good. Okay, but let's say I'm talking to a 14-year-old boy and I'm like, hey, buddy, I really want you to stretch every single day. I could say that or I could say something like, hey, when you stretch for about 30 minutes every day, your muscles will be healthy. And when they're healthy, you will play all four years in your football career. And ultimately, you will be that number one draft pick in college football. Tell them what to do and what they get out of what they do. Okay, let's talk about drinking water. We all know we should drink water, right? What if I were to say, okay, hey, everyone here at Funnel Acting Live, make sure you're drinking a gallon of water a day. When you do, you'll actually retain all this information. Did you all know that a dehydrated brain is a confused brain? Did you all know that? I don't know about you, but I'm not trying to be confused up in here. Can I get an amen? This is some life-changing information. So make sure you drink your water. What do you get out of what you do? Okay, we've heard about funnels for three days straight. We all know we should do a funnel, right? But what do you get out of a funnel? Y'all, we need to do a funnel today. Like when you go home and you build your funnel, guess what will happen? By Christmas, you could have a five-star Disney vacation waiting under the tree for your little kids today. Like when you think about your kids coming downstairs to a Disney Ears and saying, get in the car, go to Disney, does that make you more excited to actually do the funnel, say yes? Is this making sense? Once people buy, I just want you to know, that is like step one of the sales process. You have to continuously sell them what they get out of what they do. All right, number two, educating people, love to talk about the process. How many of you would say you think in processes? Wave at me. You're like, I'm a process thinker. I think in processes too. But notice what I just said, I think in processes. What did I say? What? You think in processes. People do not buy when they think. That is talking to the monkey brain. People buy when they feel. So how can you get them out of thinking and into feeling? Here's a great way to think about it. Speaking in processes puts you in logic and logic makes you lethargic. Logic makes you lethargic. Emotion puts you in motion. So why is being in motion so important? Because persuade is through to completion. Through to completion. So when you speak in emotion and put some in motion, and the best way to do that is talking about the payoff. Everyone say payoff. Now listen, I want to give you a quick example about talking about the payoff versus the process. Because it is like, you hear this all the time, right, talk about the payoff. But I'm telling you, people do not understand what it means to talk about the payoff. So what if I were to say, y'all, by the way, yesterday, I had a little shoulder brushing conversation that totally changed the game for my business. Like I'm going to walk away today. Like next time you see me, who knows what's going to happen? Because of this little conversation. So I have an idea. What if we all go and mastermind together after this? After we mastermind, can I just tell you what's probably going to happen? We're going to be having some $10 million breakthroughs. Who wants that? Say me. You want a $10 million breakthrough? OK. OK, amazing. But wait, let's walk through the process that we have to go through in order to get it done. Does that sound good? So first we have to get some ubers. Who's going to get the ubers? OK. We'll just, OK, we'll decide that later. Cool. So we'll get the ubers. And then we have to drive like 20 minutes to go to our hotel. And then we're going to find a place to sit. Like maybe we can get some ice cream. And then we can stand in line to get the ice cream. And then we can sit there. And then we can mastermind. And it'll be a little late. And then we'll have to go to bed. And it'll be late. And our blood sugar will be really high. But it's totally fine. It'll be so worth it, right? Do you see how I just sold myself out of actually doing it? I'm not saying don't talk about the process. I want you to talk about it. I just want you to inspire people about the payoff so much so that they're willing to go through the process. Like we're not something to get rich and get skinny pill. Can I get an amen? Like people actually have to do the thing in order to get the payoff. And so your job is to sell them into the payoff so that they actually go through the process. Way to me if this is making sense for you, yes? OK. The third and final thing is informing. Can I just tell you, when I think about a teacher, do y'all remember the first day of school when your teacher hands you your syllabus? And she's like, we're going to go through all this material this year, no matter what. Y'all know what I'm talking about? She's married to the material versus being married to the experience. So I can't tell you how many people are like, hey, I see you're about to pull out your credit card. But let me just finish my sales presentation really quick. Because you're married to the information. I don't want you to be married to information. I want you to be married to transformation. Everybody say transformation. So let me tell you how this works. What exactly are you transforming? I want you to think about the person you're talking to, brain. Their brain, their thoughts, their perspective, their beliefs. They're going to take their brain and transform them into looking like your brain. So I know when I first learned how to sell, all I could see is how people were not thinking the way that they needed to think in order to know how to sell. Do you know what I'm talking about? Maybe you had this crazy transformation, and then you start experiencing other people in their life. And you're like, how can you think like that? People were saying things like, selling is gross. I don't sell, I just serve. I don't sell, I just serve. I share my life, and then people will buy. I don't like to sell. I don't want to take their money. And those are the thoughts that I'm like. You almost have this sour face. You're like, what? How on earth could you think that? Those are the things that need to be transformed. Now, the only way that you can know what needs to be transformed is you first have to know what is deformed. Everyone say deformed. You have to know what's deformed to know what needs to be transformed. And the only way you can know what is deformed is to interact. Everyone say interact. Like, you have to interact. I know funnels are so amazing because you don't have to interact. I hear that. But when you interact and you know what's deformed, you can actually transform their mind, take whatever you like taught them, and bring it into your funnel. So I want to give you another example really quick. We have a client that is a wealth advisor. And her saying that she does is she helps people leverage debt to make more money. And so all these people were coming to her and they were saying things like, I like to save money. I want to pay off my debt. Totally opposite of what she was selling people. And she was coming to us and she was like, Macy, oh my gosh. Something is so wrong. People are telling me all these opposite things that I want them to believe. And I said, baby, that's the best part. Because when you know what needs to be transformed, that is your message that goes into your funnel. Does that make sense? Like that is the juice. The conversations, the connection is where the conversion happens. So being willing to interact with people, what ends up happening is instead of them saying, hey, I've learned so much from you, they say, thank you. You've changed me. Who wants to change people's lives? Say me. Yeah? OK, well, I hope this was helpful. The best way to really maintain and manage this selling road is to not tell people what to do, but remind them what they get out of what to do. Don't just tell them the process. Be so incredibly specific about the payoff. Think about, hey, I'm not going to offer them my offer, but I'm going to offer them their future. And instead of talking about the information, really be married to the transformation. And remember, if you want to excel, you cannot tell you have to sell. And the more that you sell, the more others will propel. Thank you so much for talking live. Money all around the world, because girls are pay-as-to-be. Exactly. What you know about living in a tight-gain house? And then I'm going to mess with you. I'm going to mess with you. I'm going to mess with you. And then I'm going to mess with you. Time is money, so I spend it on the rock. Hold on. Love, money, showing through white teeth. You can see the thong bustling on my tight jeans. OK. So my thing is, like, you want to wipe me. Got another shitty shit, ain't nothing like me. Yeah. Let me stop. Let me stop. Let me stop. Let me stay. Y'all got me in a club like it's Atlanta in 1999. Yeah, but it stopped. Y'all need to stop. All right. Whoa. Was that helpful? Did you learn something? Yes? Yes, yes. All right. So one more. One more inner circle presentation for the night. Want to make sure we give this next presenter our full attention, our full love, our full energy, just like you've done for everyone else. Our next presenter is going to be talking to you about how to get the F out of your business. And that F stands for friction. Here's the thing. Here's the thing. Often in business, you're focusing on the wrong part of your business. And if you can, it's like, so in business, we've got all of these different parts of business to focus on, right? And the neat thing is that if you can shift your focus to what Jason is going to be talking about, you'll be able to scale more easily. You'll be able to reduce refunds. You'll be able to increase engagement in essence. You can have more success more easily. The gentleman you're about to learn from isn't just great at funnels. He's great at business. He has helped universities raise over $20 billion. That's a billion with a B, dollars for their endowments. He successfully started, built, and exited five different businesses. One exit, by the way, was in the high eight figures. Ladies and gentlemen, our final presentation of day number three. I want your cameras on. I want your energy up. I want you up out of your seats. I want you to help me welcome to the stage Mr. Jason Friedman. What's up? What's up? All right. I'm so very happy to see you today. No, sorry. I learned that earlier. So hello, everybody. Hello to the audience out in the universe here. So excited to be with you today. And yeah, there's been a theme about this whole idea of F over the last couple presentations today. And so I thought I'd kind of continue with that. And so we've heard about friction just a couple presentations ago, and we've heard a lot about how to sell. We heard a lot about how to sell the transformation, how to bring people into the experience. We talked about how we're going to get more people into our business. But I don't feel like anybody has really talked a whole lot about what to do after they're sold. Like, how many people here have a budget to really love on your customers after you sold them? I mean, I know we have budgets for ads. I know we have budgets for sales teams. But how many of us, how many of you have a budget, put it in the chat if you have a budget, do you have a budget to love on your customers? It's time we start to think about that. It's really quickly about my journey. Like you said, I'm Jason Friedman. I started out in an unusual place. I was a theater guy. I was a rock and roll roadie lighting designer. So I used to design the kind of lights that you're seeing on stage for rock and roll groups like Peter Gabriel, Rush, Fleetwood Mac, Run DMC and Public Enemy. They called me the token. I was the only white guy on the tour. People made that okay to say that earlier, right? So anyway, then I did some more legit theater. I was in theater, Fiddler on the Roof, Jesus Christ, superstar, man of La Mancha. And I learned a whole lot about what to do to engage people, right? We're all sitting in a theater. You're sitting there at home and you're engaging with us and you're not really that distracted. You're trying to pay attention. So I learned a couple of things through this whole theater thing and I applied that to business and I grew that business, my first big business from zero to 150 million. I had 1,500 team members and I had offices in 15 cities across the globe and I worked with some of the biggest brands out there, people like Bank of America, Disney, Universal Studios, Stanford, Harvard, Yale, Duke, you name it, all the people that Russell had on that slide that charged a whole lot of money and I was able to charge them a whole lot of money too. But I learned a really key lesson from theater. Audience matters. And audience matters. And we really do have to obsess over understanding our customers, understanding who they are, what motivates them, what makes them tick, why they want to be successful. And it's really, it's pretty important. And the thing about your customers, I remember this. So I was a lighting guy, right? So I would work with the production teams. We'd have a script and we'd have all the designers and the directors and the stage managers and we would go through it line by line and say, what do we want the audience to do? How do we want them to feel at all these different moments throughout the show? And we would figure that out and then we would stage and choreograph the show and do all the things. And you know what happened on opening night? I was sitting in the back hitting the go button on the lighting board and I was watching the camera. We had cameras in the audience and I was watching every single thing we wanted them to do. They did on cue. When we wanted them to laugh, they laughed. When we wanted them to cry, they cried. When we wanted them to gasp, they would gasp. It was like, like, it was like right on cue. And I thought, huh, I wonder if you could do that in business. I wonder if I could actually decide how I wanted my customers to enjoy the experience. Now being at Funnel Hacking Live is a special place for me because I've actually been part of the team producing the Funnel Hacking Live in person events for, I don't know, since probably 2017 or 2018. And we go meticulously through the journey to make sure that you all have that result. You saw it here now, like everything is choreographed. And so what I really want to teach you today is how to get the F out of your business. I want you to have radical results for your customers. I want them to love you so much that they can't wait to actually bring people to your business. So radical results, what is a radical result? A radical result to me is when the people rave about the experience that they have with your business. How many people are having an amazing experience here at Funnel Hacking Live? We see in the chat, guys. How amazing is this experience? You're telling people about it. You're posting on social media. You're raving about the experience. And you're posting all over school about all the ha-ha's, all the learnings, all the results you're already getting. You return to buy more products from you in the future. If your customers return and buy more products, that's a win. When they renew their subscriptions or memberships and their ongoing programs and services, that's another win. And when they recruit people to purchase from you in the future, that's a win. I don't just want raving fans. I want raving recruiters. I want people to go out there and grab people and bring them to our business. But here's the thing. You have to stop making it hard for them to get results. We don't even realize how hard it is. It's this thing, this friction, is really the silent assassin in your business. Now, you can use friction strategically, right? If you got the wrong people, you can add more steps in your funnel, get more calls.