Okay guys one last thing I want to talk about and then we will be done everyone go home Anytime I do an event like this like an actual workshop event I like to kind of end the day with with the kind of a little it's not a long session But a short session I like to go through just because One of the biggest problems all of us have when we come to events like this We get all excited get motivated everything's exciting. They get back home and what happens? All this stuff all you look your pile of notes. You're just like I got so much crap to do There's so many things like I don't know where to start This was really great and also like that that kind of you know that reality hits you and most people leave events like this They don't actually implement anything so I'll tell you guys through a really quick process But I like to go through anytime I go to any event like this So for those you guys who fly out tonight lose fly out tomorrow The first thing I want you to really do is when you get on the plane This is like the plane time is when I think most people are gonna make most of their money It's what you do in the when you're sitting on the plane. I'll be on the plane They sit there and they pass out and they're out cold. Okay, that's normally me except when I'm flying home from event I try to stay up because what I like to do is like to take all my notes all this everything I've done everything I've kind of figured out in the last you know three days There's all so much stuff and I sit down say okay How can I break this down to a step by step by step process? Okay, so some of you guys like inner flange tonight summer tomorrow But when you're on the plane or whenever you you know when you're doing that time you've got a couple hours There's like actual sit-down time don't talk to whoever sit next to you Just this is your time to start breaking down and figuring out your action steps What is step number one step two step three? Okay, all the snow you've heard the cliche a million times you know how to eat an elephant You did one bite at a time right? It's exactly anything we just kind of gave you guys an elephant. Okay? Here's a really cool business. It's a seven-figure shortcut. It's a fast way to make money, but it's still an elephant There's still a lot of pieces involved in this right you got to put them in the right order get them all set up So you can build out these things we keep mapping out up here So I do is is really using the plane time sit down and say give all this stuff What's my number one most important priority? Okay, and I write that down so I have all these things This is the very first very important on prior to a priority that's you know What's my number two priority then my number three my number four? I'm not about exact step-by-step game plan. I'm gonna set my set up for myself when I get back home Okay, so right at the time we got to play I've got this list of saying basically here's all this stuff I learned but here's the actual action items I got to do and in the order I need to have them done That's the first step the second step after I have that thing kind of timeline down where it's this product this step this step This step this step and this step the next thing was I think is most importantly is to assign a date and a time to every single one Of those a due date. Okay, when is that thing going to happen? Okay, now in the last man six seven eight. How long I've been online six seven years I've been online we've done a lot of product launches and this is I'm sure somebody has been through this Have you ever noticed that the day you you launch a product doesn't matter if you've been working on it for six months It's not after working out for two days You will be up till like four or five six o'clock in the morning the day of we're getting ready to try to get the product done Who's ever been through that process? Okay, every single time consistently out there how much time I focus every day the night before launch I'm up till four or five o'clock getting everything finished Okay, so what does that mean that means if I make my due date tomorrow? I'm gonna spend just as much time as I make it in like three weeks from now I'm still gonna get it done, but if I don't have a hard set deadline everything is kind of just never actually happens It's the most amazing phenomenon in the world. Okay, so what you got to do is you come back here You've got there's where you're at here stepping morning. I say what's my deadline on this? Okay, my deadline is gonna be Tuesday and by Tuesday at whatever time I have to go and figure out which webinar software I'm gonna use that's my deadline how that done. Okay, boom that Tuesday's the dead day Okay, and then I got my next thing is gonna be by by by Thursday I'm gonna have my script for my webinar written And there's my deadline then by this day I'm gonna record in this and so you have everything step by step by step and mapped out need to have very set Deadlines and all these things okay now. There's a name for these deadlines like I like to call I actually I heard this concept initially I was listening to a Gary Halbert and a John Carlton interview anywhere ever listen to Gary Halbert or John Carlton brilliant guys It was a it was a tape called the scuttlebutt tapes. Anybody ever listened to those before? Anyway on the on the the on the it was a tape because I was actually listening in a cassette player my wife's car So my car didn't have a cassette player so I'm listening to sing in her car And one of the concepts he talked about he is a concept called lead or gold anyone ever heard this before Let her golds he says what happens is down in Mexico There's basically there's the government and then there's like the mafia who want to get things done and say the mafia would come in And basically say hey, we need you to change this law like I'm gonna change that law for you. You kidding me That's insane. There's no way we're gonna do that so what happens that night the politicians the people who have the ability to change laws would be in their homes and The mobsters would ever break into the room. They come in the room. They say you've got two options right now Okay, you need to change the law right now or you're gonna die and if you change the law you're gonna get money I'm gonna give you gold if you don't you're gonna die. I'm gonna shoot you so you have two options You got lead or gold which one do you want? Okay? Now suddenly when that's the options if something comes very easy to start making things that are impossible possible Okay, you start making things completely different So what I do is I said we call these in our company call them letter gold deadlines You got letter gold or make a bunch of money or we're gonna die. This is this is the reality Okay, if we don't hit this deadline one of these two things are gonna happen Okay, and I want you guys to start when you're setting deadlines like that You really want to try to figure out how to shift your mindset When Gary Halbert when you hear like the story he talks about when he created the coat of arms sales letter if you guys ever heard This story it's fascinating story So he came down and and he kind of tried to trick his mind said you know I've learned all the stuff about marketing all these different things He said I learned about sending out letters and about copy on envelopes and all these things He's like but if my life depended on the fact that I had to get an email or get a physical letter Delivered to you in the in a box and you had to read it or my life or my family's life dependent on on you opening that What would I do? They really put himself in that mindset. So what would I do? He said well the first things I probably wouldn't put copy on it As soon as they see copy on the envelope they're gonna know that it's that it's some kind of commercial thing right? He's a second thing I'm gonna hand write the address if I hand write that address They're gonna be a lot more likely to actually open it because I think it's from a friend Third off when I put the stamp on I'm probably gonna put it on kind of crooked because a machine puts it on straight people Don't put things on straight man put the stamp on crooked he started She's been going through his process about how and designed this mailing piece based on the fact that if this thing had to get delivered He tricked his mind he put his mind in a state that if he if he delivered and got it delivered that he was gonna make money And if not he was gonna die Okay, now most of us don't do that to ourselves most of us put it ourself in a situation like I'd be so great to get that done next week And you get there you're like oh well hopefully next week and get it done That's what most people do and if you can learn how to trick yourself in the mindset of this is my deadline I've got two options Okay, you see you put that shelf in that mindset you're gonna be amazed at what you're able to get done You're gonna be able to get things done so quickly so fast because those are your options Okay, and you have to really believe that in your mind those are your options if those aren't your options if your options like I can't make it That's cool, then I keep getting pushed further and further and further. Okay, there's gonna be times obviously instead of that line You can't hit it Steve's seen me do it with doc. I'm sure it's local a couple times He's cursed me out this weekend twice about it, but sometimes we make bigger goals But if you don't have those kind of goals in those deadlines, I promise you nothing lever you done Okay, so step number one on the airplane. This is your plan. It's a map out. What's the first step? Then what's the second step? What's the third step? Four step fifth step six step to get everything done Okay step number two is you're gonna set a hard and a fast letter gold deadline for each one of these things This is my letter gold deadline for this task for this one for this one for this one and for this one that point You should know this is your end day. This is the day that we're launching our new webinar This is the day that everything's going live and I don't care what it takes. I'm gonna figure out how to get this thing live I don't care if it's not perfect. It's gonna be live and we're gonna launch it Okay, just the act of launching something you'll be amazed how how things to start happening Okay, when I was first getting into this business When my friends came up and started working for me and he was just like you look to me He's like Russell. You're not like you're not that talented You're not that good, but he's like all these opportunities keep coming to you and he's like I've been kind of watching He's like the one thing I know it says not that you know You have any of these skills or talent endings, but you're out there doing stuff when you're doing things The stuff starts happening and things move things start moving and stuff starts happening He's like my problem is I'm kind of tagging behind you and I'm watching this He's like I'm not doing anything so none of these opportunities are coming to me He's like five is doing something that and then I could have that so he started going out there Start doing stuff and he had creating a bunch of different really successful businesses because of that Okay, the act of moving and doing stuff is what's gonna create success in your guys life Okay, the act of coming out here and launching a product and knowing that you know 90 percent times It's gonna fail or something's gonna be broken or the odd responder. It doesn't even matter Just putting it out there is gonna start making things start moving forward and everything starts beginning at that point Okay, so it's not important to get it perfect It's important to get it done launch and then you come back now and fix it and improve it make it better and better and better That makes sense. Okay, so those are kind of the the the main goals for you guys Now the last thing I want to do with you guys if everyone get out a piece of paper This is something I learned from from Tony Robbins and it's a powerful thing that that he did with us I think it's something that we should all do so get out a piece of paper I was right something the top of the paper The top of the paper I want you to write what your end goal is case my end goal is is to launch my Launch my webinar by or a launch my webinar make 150 thousand dollars Okay, or what it whatever's like the the thing it is and then the kind of money you want attached to it Okay, if it's a webinar or if it's a you know, tell a seminar sure whatever reason you want to do that kind of the main overall goal So what is it and how much money you're gonna make from that? Try that down first Okay, now the second step in this process is I want you guys to fast forward six months from now Okay, because if it takes any guys longer six months to build out this process means you're not trying very hard Okay, this is not some takes should take six months to take a month max build build the one of these things out and roll it out Okay, so let's fast forward six months for now I want you to put yourself in in a situation where you've already launched this thing. It's already successful It's already making money and what I want you to do is I want you to sit down and think and write yourself Kind of like a letter write yourself letter base is saying hey Russell It's June wait one month right now. We're in We're in Russell's December right now You know six months ago your Russell's event when you got home from the event the first thing you did you took action And you created the webinar and and the first thing is you wrote the copy the second thing you did You came back through and and you got it out that third thing you usually launched it Fourth thing you saw a whole bunch of mistakes and bugs you fixed it for it And after that I want you to write out step by step kind of what you did to become successful So you're writing yourself a letter put yourself in the mindset of your six months in the future Write yourself a letter right now about the steps you made okay, and write all of them as if they've already happened They're really important to do that way That makes sense so we spend three minutes It's cleaners music on like three minutes while everyone writes the step the step by step process You went through to make sure you were successful when you got back home Okay, kind of finish finish up why finish up I'm gonna start again first time I did something like this I thought it was like this weird flu-fee just weird thing like I'm not into that whole kind of that kind of stuff I was editor in Robbins event We actually wrote out things my wife and I and we'd gone it was about a year and a half ago in December And he has to say the exercise where we had this right these letters to ourself basically saying you know I was proud of what you did what you went through and these are the changes I've made my life because of that and then he actually took them and mailed them back to us We're not gonna do that But this something interesting happens in your brain we start thinking like that and it's I don't know I don't understand or really believe in most of that that you know positive mindset stuff But it's interesting we start learning how to train your brain that way Where these are the way I've done it and you believe that you've achieved it already how you can start going after and really start Succeeding a lot more often we got the letter six months later In the mail is amazing like how dead on all the things that we had kind of talked about words because it wrote them down We made them real and went out and started kind of following them achieving so With that said the last thing I kind of want to close with you guys is just make sure that You know this whole this whole thing is a game just like any game in life who here was involved in sports or athletics growing up Okay, you all know that the strongest guy in the and this is from wrestling But the strongest guy in the room doesn't always win the fastest guy doesn't always win the guy with the best technique Doesn't always win the person that wins in the match And the same thing in business. It's usually the people they've got strongest mindset It's important understanding so much. This is mindset understanding you know coming back to something talking about about setting deadlines Saying all these things those are what really get someone to be successful. Okay, I'm sure you guys I'm mostly as I mean you've seen up here for the last three or four days However long we've been here for I'm not the most polished speaker. I'm not the best presenter I'm all these type of things I think the one skills that I have is I can trick my brain into getting crap done and I'd push myself and I'd get things to happen and make things move and That's really the kind of the mindset all you guys got to have because that's what it takes to be successful in this It's not having the best product being the most perfect. There's not those type of things. It's understanding that it's a game It's all psychological game and the people who win the people who can trick their brain into understanding that this is a situation I've got to get done. I've got to move forward. Okay, the tactics There's so many tactics involved with internet marketing and all the stuff we're talking about Don't let the tactics get you caught up. Okay, the tactics are out there and figure stuff out You can hire people to figure stuff out But the mindset the strategy you coming in there and just putting things together That's where you win the game that's where you can take your business from wherever it's at now to seven figures very very quickly It's not a difficult I just tell you guys two days ago now the girl we met in our mastermind group. She was 18 year old girl Last summer she was doing about $10,000 a month doing ads for people She then went and created a webinar And I met her in March. She started a webinar in January and she already made half a million dollars in three months It's an eight year old girl. Okay, she followed the exact same. She's not even an automated yet She's doing one-on-one webinars by herself right now. Okay, we're teaching as a process that they can literally change your life So it can give you back the time you want in your life Take away all this the distraction all type of things and give you a tool that they can make money for the rest of your life So we appreciate you guys going through this process with us I hope the weekend was worth it the investment in the time for everyone that was here We tried to put together a great show and give you guys as much as we could Let's give everyone a round of applause to Dustin Dave the entire team back here. Hey great job The entire team back here also if they guys are still interested in being part of the CP or all the other stuff You got your paperwork in I like us have apps out. Please give it to them before you leave I'm flying out in the morning. I'll be hanging out tonight if you guys want to talk or have questions for me Please pull me aside. We appreciate you guys. We're investing your success. We want you guys to be next success stories So make sure you are take action. Don't just say when this weekend is over I learned a bunch of good crap go home and actually implement this crap because it's good sound good. All right. Thanks you guys