And generally speaking, you ought to rent them. But I mean, even renting a $22 million aircraft, you know, I mean, is not cheap. But I mean, look, at a certain point, like Trump with the helicopter, see, that's an economic... Now, it's done for promotion, and there's a certain amount of ego to it and all that. But if you try and get around New York, as New Yorkers know, and do business on a given day, you've got two, maybe three meetings at most, and enormous risk of not getting to them. And if you're actually going to try and maneuver around New York and New Jersey, I mean, it's... I mean, so at his income level and at the importance of being in a certain place at a certain time, getting up over that in a helicopter and landing in a helicopter makes perfect economic sense. But yes, I did know that. Buffet, if you haven't read the Buffett biography, because there's... The Buffett people think is Buffett, and there's a very different real Buffett. The big thick Buffett biography, Snowball, is well worth reading. It's a little thick, and it's really long. But it's well worth reading. Okay. You, because you walked up first. Okay. Son? Lisa. I don't know, but there's got to be a... There you go. All right. I'm curious. You gave us kind of an outline in the beginning that said, pick three things from each topic or whatever. If you were the attendee, how would you attack this? Would you look for simultaneously trying to do three things from each? Yeah. Would you sequential? No. Okay. Take your best three from each, and then just start attacking. Yeah. And... As you know from other conversations, I'm not a big fan of sequential. Not to be precise. Everything, of course, is sequential. Because if I'm taking a sip of tea, I'm taking a sip of tea. I'm not... Unless you're Wayne Dyer, you can't be in two places at the same time, doing two things at the same time. Can't you go to the bathroom and talk about yourself? Yes, you can. Yes, you can. But so does sense. I mean, everything is sequential. But it needs to be high-speed sequence. Not, you know. And this idea, like, that you can only, like, work on one thing at a time. Again, if we go back to the high-income list and we look at the authors who are there, for example, Patterson, we look at King, they're working on six or seven books at the same time. So one of them is this far along, another one is this far along, another one is in the planning stage, another one. And if we go look at Oprah, there's a new television network, a whole network, premiering. There's a launch of this, there's a redevelopment of that, all happening at the same time. So six-figure people do one thing, get it done, then go on to another thing. But so we don't. By that answer, you don't feel that any one of the seven needs... No. ...sooner attention, or you don't believe... Oh, well, no, not as a general statement. Now, you may know that about you. You may be very aware, either before or during, or as a result of, you may be very aware that there's like a fire over here in quadrant three. Well, yeah, then you might want to shift some priorities. Thanks. First of all, thank you for three days of Kennedy unplugged Wellworth every second. But surprise to not hear you talk about Maxwell Maltz once over the three days, seeing that in the book. He's mentioned in the manual. Is he? Yeah, I just skipped over pages. Just your quick thoughts on why was that... Of all the resources you mentioned, why was that the one at one point in time that so heavily affected you that you would buy the rights and edit it, update it? All more... Well, first of all, by random chance. Like most things that influence an individual, right? So the person who was originally, who found their way to marketing strategy by J. Abraham and was heavily influenced by J. Abraham versus me or somebody else, in all probability, it was merely random chance. They came to a seminar where he was speaking and I wasn't or vice versa or they were in an upstream environment. So like if you take regular real estate, right, where you guys are. Right now, although Craig was influenced by J, too. But so right now, or in recent years, right now, it's kind of a bad example. In recent years, a Craig Proctor student would be more likely to discover me.