of Obamacare, right? Two-thirds of the medical doctors in the country don't belong to the AMA. The AMA doesn't speak for them. Now everybody thinks it does and a lot of people think you have to be an AMA member to be a doctor. No, you don't. And then two-thirds of them aren't. Now the AMA would like everybody to think they have to be, but they don't. And there's actually eight states still in America where you don't have to have a license as long as you graduated from a licensed institution in order to practice medicine. So you got to get completely out of your head the idea that you need permission from somebody to go do something. Because again, unless you're doing something really painfully obvious like you're doing brain surgery or heart surgery or, you know, you don't need permission from anybody. It's grown. And it's all made up. So specific to you, if you want to certify people, which I assume is the narrow specific of the question, if you want to certify people, has genealogists or genealogy researchers or genealogy consultants or genealogy coaches or genealogy, whatever, you go home and you think up what the name of that is and you draw your own logo so you don't waste any money and have somebody translate it into Latin for you and you're good to go. Now the mechanics of implementing, well, now the mechanics of implementing, what a nice touch. Well, look, here's the deal. Okay, I took Latin in high school and it was arduous, right? So I try and find an opportunity to use it or reference it as often as I can just to like feel better about what I went through, right? And epluribus, whatever, doesn't come up in conversation often. So, but here it is. It's just like, you know, making sure to feature the million dollar dog so I can issue it at 1099 and I can deduct it and I can write off the dog food. So, I mean, see, I mean, for all you know, I don't even like the dog, but, you know, but it's got to be tax deductible. So I'd like a lot less if it wasn't tax deductible. So, I mean, so, I mean, you're good to go, right? Now the mechanics, which is probably what you came over here to get in on and I'm not going to let you because of the clock. Okay. But I mean, you want to talk to John individually, but the mechanics now of how to implement it and how to make it work and how to create value for it and how to convince people it's valuable and how to make them earn it and all that. Now, that's a complex topic and there's guys like you came here are really good at it and who can teach it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, there ought to be. Yeah. Well, there ought to be. Same as creating your own association or, you know, but, but as far as you needing some authorization from the Utah Board of certifying certifiers, forget it. Okay. You need parchment and kinkos. Okay, that's, you know, what you need. Okay. I'm almost out of time. You said earlier, I'll quote you. Is this a quiz? No. Okay. No. It's very easy to sell belief in me. It's much harder to teach them to believe in themselves. Yeah, it's a quote from Glenn Turner. Okay. Our company, we we sell marketing tools for accountants and CPAs. We've got software. We've got marketing tools and next month we're rolling out our own certified tax coach program and I'd be amazed how many people just look and say you just made it up. Yeah, we just made it up. My question, it's I think that's as important as anything. We can give them the tools. We can give them the certification. Ultimately, they quit because they can't make it work themselves and well, this is why I'm asking no, they quit because they won't make it work themselves. Won't make it work. Not because they can't. Ultimately what we need to sell them is of course. Yeah, and this is a conversation. How do we sell them both? It's a conversation he and I have had. Well, you can to some percentage of them. Not too many, by the way, and understand in a business like that in our kind of business, you have to understand that no matter what we do, the overwhelming majority of our customers are going to find ways to be ineffectual. Because because yeah, okay, that's why we have ascension programs. Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. And there are there are trigger points that that that helps separate the ones that are worth working with from the ones that aren't. But there, no matter what you do, there's going to be you could go sleep with them and get up in the morning and feed them and they go make an effort. The vast majority of them are going to find a way, I mean, you know, to be ineffectual. See, because you're not the first one to show up with something that would work if they'd use it. Right. So they come to us after they quit Chauncey's. Yeah, okay, so