Yeah, and by the way, yours are going to him, so if that makes him feel any better. So, but this narrow point is something that almost all people, almost everybody who is selling and delivering tools and or technical training misses. The work on their head, courage, whatever component, whatever, how are you going to define it? But let's call it the fix your head stuff, which is sort of said disdainfully. It's the thing you can't sell, they won't buy it, but you damn well better deliver it. Because otherwise there ain't no ignition switch. There's a car, but there ain't no ignition switch. Because that's what they're missing. They already had other tools that were perfectly good tools. Now yours may be great, but yours ain't the first workable tools they've ever encountered. So and they didn't make those work and they didn't make those work and they didn't make those work. Well, it's because of this and this. It's not because of the tools, right? So you can't sell it. You can't be early. You can't even be overt about it. But you damn well better deliver it. So practice, I mean our $36,000 program for chiropractors, software, management, all that. But 80% of the time and energy was spent on what you might disdainfully call positive mental attitude. Because if we didn't get them courageous, we couldn't get anything. So one thing, structure a little victory so they get some success. But yeah, you gotta deliver all the other stuff. And so like see he coaches for Craig, right? And I mean we privately said and Craig doesn't appreciate it enough. Because see, Craig is a guy who you hand him a box of tools. He goes and uses the tools, right? But your customers aren't you. So you're probably the same way. I'm the same way. I don't need anybody to motivate me. I'm fine. Tell me what the hell I do to get the result I want. Give me the tool and get out of the way. But there's not enough of me to make a living on. So you're never going to build a business around me's. So they aren't. So he don't appreciate it enough truthfully because see Craig thinks they should all be like him. He thinks you should hand him the tool box, show him how to use the tools. And well shit, they should use the tools. You shouldn't have to blow breath on him. But see he gets it. It's the most important, yeah because you do it. The most important component part is actually all the breath blowing. Now at some point in time, if that gets them to use a tool and get a result and use a tool, then they begin to become more self propelling people. But when you get them, they need that more than they need anything. Thank you. You. And we have to be quick. But after all you already had a bunch of time. The topic is acquiring additional businesses, competitors specifically to add additional revenue to your core business. And I have an opportunity in my local area where there's a contractor wanting to sell his business, does a million seven a year, low price, raises price 10%, 20%, is a big upside there. Question four, you can get your feedback on is acquiring a business like that, been around 20 years with a good name. Do I consider keeping it as its own separate entity and running it? Because half of what he does is things I don't do, which is in the concierge type service. He mows lawns, plows. Property management for the homeowner. And I would say it's a significant but not critical question. Because there's three choices and really any of the three you made, the results are still going to be good. And by the way, I'm a big fan of acquisition and I don't think we do it enough. A stroke of a pen and buying a million seven a revenue. That's exactly what I say. I don't believe most people. And there's more of them. I think there ought to be, you should have a formula for buying it that you are convinced that it's going to repay its own price and be worth more and you bring something to the table and so forth. But your three choices very quickly are. You could preserve it as a separate entity and that has extra value if you view it as sort of owning your own competitor. So if it's going to compete with you, if it's going to take your unconverted leads and sell to them at a lower price, et cetera. So A, you could leave it as its own entity. B, you can co-brand it. A division. Well, if it's now Feezealbutt, it now becomes Feezealbutt-Capeezy or Capeezy-Feezealbutt. So you can co-brand it and you can gradually ever so slowly transition out Feezealbutt. So you can co-brand it. Your third choice is to change it overall all at one time. And there's pros and cons to each one of those things that I'm already out of time. Third one is just take all their leads and their revenue and bring it into my company. Oh, well, yeah. You could in a sense make them go away. That's the third choice. But in all probability, any one of the three is okay. I've got to go. Thank you. And I have to really go. So don't be coming up for... Thank you all.