Maybe, you know, not the person who cuts your hair, but probably, unless they yammer away incessantly about something that is so contrary to your philosophy, you find it annoying and offensive and they won't shut up when you ask them to shut up. But generally speaking, no. But if you were going to buy the Barbershop franchise, then this level of conversation is important. And that means you have to be very clear about what you are all about. And again, I don't think a lot of people, I mean, people have belief systems, but I don't think a lot of people really give a great deal of thought to what is my philosophical position and how can I enunciate it. Politicians do, but ultimately they sort of wind up pole driven and manufactured and so somewhere there is a real philosophy, but often we no longer get to see it. But I think it's an important piece of all of this. The other thing I want to say in this section is that there is one particular philosophical position that, and it's not anything I haven't talked about before, but I wanted to give it a few more minutes and a few different minutes and this was a good place to do it. There is one particular philosophical position that I think is almost as hard to deal with is as the reluctance to be walking around knowing that a lot of people think you're an asshole. I think this is a philosophical position that is very difficult for a lot of people. And nevertheless I think it is nearly essential for this level of income. And if you look at page 169, there's a quote there you have heard before. It's from Andrew Carnegie. And Andrew Carnegie talked about in his secret thoughts believing that he was superior to the most man and thus deserving of all that came his way or that he could take. And so the idea of superiority, not limited now, not, oh I'm more skilled than this person or I've studied this particular thing more than these other people. I mean it bigger and broader than that. I mean literally a sense of superiority over most other people as a person. And I think if you, you know, when you have the socio-political discussion in one way, shape or form in your own head or with others or with the media and you really think about the fact that your income may be what, ten times a hundred, a hundred times higher than the person who took care of us in this room. Is that just? Is that, and why is that appropriate? And there's a mechanical argument for it that each job has its own value and yada yada yada. But the real argument for it is because you or I have for the most part made ourselves a hundred times superior to that person in, if not in every way, in nearly every way. Not just the fact that we happen to have a more valuable job. We've, we learn more, we pay attention to more, we study more, we discipline ourselves better, we keep ourselves in better shape. The list is long because anybody who's, who has a low income, at least in America, anybody who has a low income has it fundamentally by choice. And that's harsh, I guess, isn't it? And if you have friends or family who have low incomes, I have both, then that it's like an even harsher statement.