to be sure you're superior about so your sense of it can be based on something other than arrogance, right? So you certainly don't need to pick the things necessarily that I picked. There's lots of things to pick from, you know? I mean, like I get a lot of it from the fact that I'll actually work. So, so one of the reasons I actually work is to continue to reinforce my profound and dramatic sense of superiority over the rest of civilization because I look around at them and I say, well shit, they ain't working. You know, no wonder they get no results they want. These people don't work and they don't know how to work and they won't work. And what they think is work is like laughable. It's hilarious. You know, so I mean I march around feeling superior just because I'll go to work. Well, I wasn't that high of a barrier, you know, I mean 99% of the people that buy nutritional supplements, how long do you think they take them? That's correct less than 30 days. They never empty the first bottle, never empty the first box. Now they may a month later buy somebody else's stuff and take some of those but never get through the first bottle of anything. So that's why by the way you see most of the companies have switched. It's kind of interesting. Just so you know that continuity is not a not a cure-all for everything. Most of the companies have switched from continuity to front-end loading. And so if you get so if you get direct mail for nutritional supplements of any kind, the offer now is a six-month supply and you get all these bonuses in this discount, a 12-month supply and you get all these discounts in this bonuses and an 18-month supply and you get all these bonuses and they know. Nobody's going to get through the first bottle. So it's like third month or fourth month. They're going to see all these bottles stacked up there. They eat and then they're going to cancel. So shit, let's sell them 18 bottles all at the same time, right? So you see the industry is adjusted to the reality of the market. So if you happen to decide to take a nutritional supplement and you take it for 31 days, you're superior to 99% of the population. So I'm not describing like a really big threshold here, but you know pick three or four things to make yourself legitimately superior to the rest of the world about and and then this sense of superiority is based on something other than arrogance. There's some pages I gave you that you know I look at them on your own time, but the the word that links to this this is from Ogilvy. Ogilvy claimed he had read every book about advertising and disdained others who felt they didn't need this knowledge. So like the flip side of this, your sense of superiority is hooked to a sense of disdain for the vast majority of the people around you. Compassionate disdain, but well, but no, I mean it, compassionate disdain, but disdain nevertheless, right? Because they continue to stay stuck in behaviors that are not satisfying to them, not satisfactory to them, not beneficial to them, aren't taking them anywhere that they say they wish to go, but they do nothing about that, right? So and most of the people around us all are in that category, right? So when in the last recession, at a restaurant I went to all time, neighborhood place, really liked it, good food, etc. and it had been doing well and then it was doing not so well and then not so not so well and then not so not so not so well and then you know, I'm like the only customer. And and I was heavier, but still I'm not going to support the place single-handedly and so the question is, so how's business? Well, business is not good and a few weeks later business is bad, then a few weeks later a business is awful and a few weeks later all were hanging on by our fingernails and other than hanging on by your fingernails, which does not really seem to be a full-time occupation or or a particularly encouraging strategy, what is it you are doing about this, right? Well, the answer is we're not doing nothing because there's nothing to do. Now if you're really a masochist, you'll continue that conversation and you will suggest things to them that they might be able to do. This is really an exercise in just, you know, leaning over and saying whip me whip me whip me because that's because