So, section seven. There's really only two things here I want to say. There's stuff you can take and read, but there's two things that I want to talk about. And then we'll just finish with some Q&A. One is that it's my observation and experience. Finally got some good rubber bands. It's my observation and experience that the wealthy, self-made wealthy, I don't mean self-made wealthy in the sense that no help, but I mean from scratch wealthy, not like inheriting wealthy or lottery wealthy. I mean, and or high income, really high income individuals. Again, unlike most other people, have a very clear definitive, strong personal philosophy, a worldview that they can, given provocation opportunity, reason, environment. They think it's okay to do it and that they can enunciate very clearly. So, they have sort of a navigational system and a belief structure that is really conducive then to many of the other things that we've talked about, hitting the replay button and going backwards from the resistance issues to the money issues. And the one thing I would say about that is that I think it is very, very difficult, and I don't see very many of them doing it. I think it is very, very difficult to separate business money, the making of, the attraction of, keeping of, the earning of, from a political philosophy. And not, not as simplistic as Republican or Democrat, or, I don't mean that, but I mean a, a fairly complete view of how you think society ought to work and what fairness is and what fairness isn't and what justice is and what justice isn't and what equity is. And I don't, I don't think you can separate these things and I think you need to have a clear and thought out philosophy about these matters because it's the framework within you either optimize your potential, your opportunities, your strengths, your assets, your income, or consciously, unconsciously, or some combination thereof, reign in, restrict those things. And so if you haven't really given a great deal of thought to some enunciated with some real clear cornerstones, what is my 10 part personal philosophy, what is my 12 part personal philosophy, I think it's worth doing. The, the linked observation about this is that the overwhelming majority of high income individuals in some way not only have that philosophy, but they, they, they expose it, they enunciate it, they, they represent it. It's part and parcel of who they are, what they do and what they present to the marketplace. And it more than anything else maybe causes some people to be attracted to them, other people to be disinterested in them, just neutral, just ambiguous. And other people of course to be repelled and offended by them and to the degree that you have one, you have the other. But if you think about why someone ultimately would choose to do business with somebody yes or no or versus someone else, or why someone would choose to, well, tune in and listen to Rush every day or watch Oprah everywhere.