In this video about social network traffic we are going to be looking at DIG, how you sign up to the site to get your site registered and going and then basically just a quick overview of what the site does. So let's first of all look at the actual site when you come to the home page which is www.dig.com and that's digg.com. You'll see a selection of titles, you can get news, videos, podcasts, you can look at popular targets such as business, technology, science, it's all here. And then basically what you can do is scroll through and see what the recent news are being watched or read. And then you can also make comments on here as well or create your own stories which you can dig and other people can dig. And when it's got here like 239 digs basically that means 239 people have actually rated it and you can give it a thumbs up or a thumbs down and that's how it works. And the more popular digs get the more ratings they get and also done by day as well. So you can see here we're looking at the most recent, we can look over the last 365 days, we can sort out how we want to, it's up to you. Once you've actually logged in and set up an account which we'll be doing in a moment, you can also choose which categories appear so you can say you only want to interested in looking at entertainment, you can just make it an entertainment section only. You can also invite friends to dig and the other great part about your profile is you can actually set up your links to your Facebook account and MySpace account from within your dig profile as well. So you can look at popular and upcoming. So why is Dig great for you? Well there's a number of different ways. If you've got stories on your website which are on dig that's going to be naturally bringing you free traffic. But the other way that you can be getting, if you're crafty enough, is to actually put comments that are relevant to a story that's doing very well. So let's for example, if we look here, the top ten in all topics, you'll see here there's one that's a Best Buy, what this is about is a gentleman who's basically saying he purchased a hard drive which he had to then collect in store that was when he arrived and bought it and got a hold of the box, it was just full of a set of bathroom tiles, so he's basically saying he's ripped off and Best Buy is saying well tough luck because only you purchased it, we're not giving you a refund. That's the gist of the story. And as you can see here it's been dug or it's had 2,315 digs. Well that's great for this guy, obviously not doing too well with his luck of getting a bunch of bathroom tiles, but the story appears here and this will get a lot of traffic to his site. If we were to click this link in top ten in all topics, if we click it here and it will bring up the page, we can see the particular story. There you go, Best Buy sells you a box of bathroom tiles instead of hard drive with no refund. So it's a story here which was only submitted ten hours ago, it was made popular ten hours ago, it was submitted 18 hours ago yet it's already had 2,319 digs. It's in the News, World Business, Business and Finance section and the source is the website. This is a great part. If you actually click to read the particular story, one of the things that Dig does at the moment is it actually doesn't open a new page to take you to their website, it takes you direct to their website. So here's that person's website, that's nice free traffic they're getting. So if you can create relative news stories in your particular niche which get people viewing your site, that's great free traffic for you through Dig which is just one of the many social networking sites. But what I was saying here, if you want to like feed off this traffic, if you have something related to this story that fitted to your blog or your niche website, why not go and either make a comment which you could do here and you can see people have made comments here, different members. So by posting in the comments section, you're going to get again people if it's relevant and it's interesting and maybe funny, you're going to get people's traffic feeding off of this original story. So it's another great way to make use of posts within Dig. So how do we actually set up our account? Let's go and create an account with Dig. Okay, so we've come to the register page where we're setting up a new account and we can become a member of the Dig community where we can submit stories which can be regular print or videos and we'll talk about that in a moment. We can join in conversations and we can be part of the community. So let's see how we set up. We choose a username which we just type in here. So let's call it DigTrial. Dig, I'll send it to Web address. And we put in a date of birth. Let's just put one in. And then we just put in the... With the UK, it's always near the bottom. There we go. Are you human? You need to pass the little test here so we're punching the details. And we agreed to that terms and conditions which I recommend you read both of these before continuing. Okay, it didn't like. So I put in the code wrong. Sometimes these can be hard to read. I thought I put it right, obviously not. There we go. So registration step two, you now have to validate your email so you check in and log in to your email account and click the link. And if you don't activate it within three days, it will be basically deleted. So we have to log in to our account and then click the link from there. Okay, so you can see here we've got the high Dig trial. Thanks for registering at dig.com. You need to click the link so we'll click the link to activate the account. It's creating the account. We'll just put this onto pause. Okay, at this point if you would like to see if any of your contacts and friends are already on Dig, you can say yes please find my contacts and you can let it go through your Gmail account, your Yahoo account, your Hotmail account. You can even import and outlook CSB file if you'd like. If you're doing this yourself and you want to see if your friends are on Dig, go ahead and do that because this is just for a video to show you how to use it. I'm not going to do this so I'll put no thanks. I'll do this later. That step is entirely up to you. So as it says here, victory. You're ready to rock and roll. We've created your account. You've hopefully added these three friends and we've just sent out some invites to your friends. So basically if you just found friends which aren't on Dig yet, it would invite them. You're now sent to take advantage of Dighouse traffic. Go pimp out your profile and start digging some stories for what you do next is up to you but here's a few ideas. Customize your privacy settings, upload a photo and create your user icon, add a short bio of yourself and start digging stuff you like. So if we go to the profile first of all. And as you can see here because of the date of birth I'll put in here, it's saying that it's a say to your old guy from the UK who joined Dig on the play with the searches 2007. And we can change our icon here and upload a photograph of ourselves. We can add a bio in links. So here if I click this link here we can add a little bit of a bio about ourselves. We can put what country I put here, you can put whatever country it is, postcode if you want to include it, gender, a little bit about yourself, save changes. Links here, you can add links to your own website, your Facebook, MySpace or other line profiles. It's up to you. You can also add your contact details here. So here what I recommend you do is link to your blog. So something that's interesting and going to be relevant to the market you're targeting. So if your niche market is American football and you've got a blog about American football you might want to put that in here and a link to it. If your project's about wood carving same applies, just put a link to your blog here. Again make it relevant because if you're going to be using this as a traffic tool you want to make sure sites in here are worthwhile clicking to. You don't want to just put maybe a site where you just ran and made about anything and everything that people aren't really interested in. It's entirely up to you. So make it relevant to why you're using Digit in the first place. Change your email settings, change your profile image, change your password, customize topics. This is where you can choose which on the homepage topics and news and videos and stuff you'll actually be seeing. So for example if you don't want to see videos you can uncheck all the boxes here. If you're not really interested at all in technology, world business, entertainment, science and gaming let's say a game we're looking at. You're just interested in sports maybe just American football even. You can even go right the way down and just have that one showing section only. It's entirely up to you which sections you customize in here to see. If you have any other preferences you can sort by date. So you can sort by most digs. You can sort by the date. You can sort by date and how many digs or higher. So for example you might want to sort by date and only that have been dig dug 10 times or higher. It's entirely up to you because you can of course go into the minus so people can keep putting their thumbs down. Then you get minus results as well as plus results. External page links you can choose whether they open in a new window or never in a new window or not really bothered. Comment threading view you can see how many levels of the threads. Profanity filter is obviously if people have been swearing on the site you can click this and it will filter out most of that for you. You can also block users that you've added if you want to as well which at this point we don't have any. Blog settings. Blogging is enabled so you can either disable it or enable it. Blog type not enter so if we want to change our blog on here we can do that now. So we'll just put in the details of which blog we're using so we might be using WordPress. And when we're happy with that we click on to the next step. We put the address of our blog, the username and the password of our blog so we can access information from here as well. Here we go. You don't have any recent activity to search through because we've not been actually digging anything yet. We can't look at our friends' activity because we haven't got any friends put on here and then of course we've got our profile. And again you won't put our favorites or recent activity here because at the moment we don't have any information. Shouts are where you post information messages to other people and it gets put onto the groups and no one's sending you a shout so you can't actually reply to anything. Here we see how many of your statistics, so how many comments you've made, how many you've submitted, how many have been made popular, how many friends have been invited, how many profile views you've had and how many articles if you like have been dug. You can also show current dig news on your blog or website with a dig widget if you want to. I would recommend this. It's a great tool. It depends what you want to use your blog for. If you're happy for other people to be looking around and going off to other news and sites then great use this tool because then people will be clicking away from your site. But the idea of this video is to get traffic to your site not away from your site so I wouldn't install this widget. So then we can start digging around and actually having a look or we could submit new content. If I click that, submit new. Please follow a few simple guidelines to make Dig a Better Place. Is your story on topic, make sure it's appropriate and the subject you're submitting to is quality content. Link directly to the source. Save people time by linking directly to the original news story. So for example if you go to your blog, let's open up a blog for a moment. Here's the old original one we asked us to check our account. Okay so let's say for example we want to link to this article on anyone can work at home about Brad Callan's affiliate elite. We've got a little news item here. Rather than sending to the main home page you actually find the main story page, the news page. You click that open and then you take that from the URL at the top of the page. I'm just going to bring down for a second just to show you. You can see it's here. There's a full URL for the actual page. So that's the link you then take. And you would go and post that in here so you're actually linking directly to the story. And then you'd also search just to make sure that that story hasn't been dug already. Sometimes it will pop up and ask you. So actually let's go ahead and do that now quickly. So if we put in a news story, we paste and we hit continue. A quick title about – I'm not going to be on this one because this will send people to the site and it's not relevant to anything at the moment. But just a quick story title in here, a short description about the news story that you find, check spelling if you want to. You then choose the appropriate topics that you think are relevant for the site. You pick the one that fits most of all. You then put in obviously the text here and you preview the story, make sure you're happy with it and then submit it. And then other people will see it appear on the Dig Network and then they can start going yay or nay. So if you're putting high quality content on your website and your blog, use Dig to get people clicking away and rating your stories and getting some free traffic. And as I said, then make use of other people's stories by going to the comments section and commenting on other people's stories so that you can get traffic that way as well. So that's the way to get Dig set up and start using the very basics. Good luck with your Dig sites and thanks for watching.