I am. It raises a good question. The question is, what is the you that you sell based on? And see most people are sort of random about that. For example, how many of you are married? Okay. Everybody has the answer to the how did you guys meet question, right? And you've got, you probably got a short version. Which you use when you really don't want to tell it. You got a long version, which is closer to the truth. Somewhere there is the truth. So the, we were both falling down drunk and I liked your tattoo. That's probably the story. You don't tell how you kind of fix that, right? And most, but, and most people, many people have really burnished that story. You've like worked on it. You've come to some sort of conceptual agreement or humorous disagreement in the way that you each tell it. So some of you have turned it into a little comedy act, right? Where the same disagreement about what happens occurs over and over again every time that you tell. So that's a story about you, you've really worked on. And you really got it polished to a high sheen and now pretty much you tell it the same way every time. And it gets the same reaction. It still came out of a random act. But you have made it into something other than what it really was. For most people, that's the only one they do it with. At most they have maybe another three or four. Birth of the baby, something. But for the most part, they don't have a big repertoire. Now let's think about a celebrity. So let's think about a celebrity who spends their entire life being asked questions and having to tell stories about themselves. And that really is their stocking trade. So like I'm reading, there's a new biography about Paul Newman, which also is really good. I forget the title, but it's out in bookstores like right now. And it's really good. And so what you realize, if you didn't realize it before, is Newman was in the business of being Paul Newman. And so now he was not a great promoter of movies, but if you think about many actors they are. So every time a movie comes out, or every time a TV thing comes out, they got to go make the rounds, right? And they got to do Letterman and they got to do Leno and they got to do Jimmy Kimmel and they got to do Regis and they got to do the Today Show and the none, the none, the none, the none, the none. And they got to go to, they go to a lot of functions. They sit at a lot of roundtables like that with seven other people who they must now be witty and interesting with. Well, they have a whole repertoire. They have based their public persona on this entire now collection of not fabricated, but carefully engineered and polished and burnished and practiced and purposed stories has answers to every conceivable question. And so they really have based themselves on this thing. Now, most people are very random about it. They're not, they're not self aware, right? You guys are more self aware than most because you're engaged in marketing and you're engaged in selling. And in most cases, your business has some personality connection to you, but you may not be as aware of it as somebody on that hundred highest paid list is very, very, very aware of it. And but if you now if you look back and you say business I'm really in is the business of being bill. And that's the business of being bill.