We go shop for a car, there's obvious shit, right? If the door doesn't close right, if the thing, we drive it and it won't accelerate. The biggest problem, they're going to have a smart car, is by the way, a shoplifting. So we can tell, right? We take a new car for a test drive. There's some sort of objective, with chiropractic, we don't know. So him doing the thing is useless as a demonstration. So what's his best demonstration? The diagnosis. The diagnosis is where it's all at. That's where the person either becomes convinced that this guy's a genius. He's incredible. He's discovered my problem. He uses big words, but then he explains them so I can understand him. He's got good little props and shit. He's got good AV. That's the dramatic demonstration. For Halbert, and Jay has always done that with his seminars too, if I want to fish for clients in this environment, what would my best dramatic demonstration be? Hot seats, of course. Not this. This is like one step away from having three prompters. It doesn't prove anything except you can read the prompter. But a hot seat, working without a net, and getting this person to some breakthrough, some resolution, some big idea, and doing it again and again and again. See, that's getting out of the handcuffs in the cage. So the question is, do you have some great demonstrations? Is there a dramatic demonstration aspect to what you do? Since it's an ingredient in just about everybody who has high status, it suggests to us we need it. We need at least one, preferably more, but we need at least one. What do we do? How many of you have been to a super conference? OK, good. So there's a dramatic demonstration piece done at the very beginning of the super conference. What is it? It's not done at the very beginning. All the people from outside will be done. Very good. Very good. Very good. You're not half as dumb as you look. Don't let anybody tell you any different. Yeah, at the beginning, I didn't do it here, because it wasn't really important, but we do have. So raise your hands. How many people here from outside the United States? Raise your hands. Look around. Look around at them, because you can't tell anything looking at me. Keep your hands up. Raise your hands. We came from outside the United States. Thanks. Now, we do that at a super conference course. There's a lot more. And usually we have them stand up. There's a lot more of them, because there's a lot more people there in general. But what is that a dramatic demonstration of? So I'm sitting there, and I came from Iowa, right? And by the way, it never occurred to me there'd be anybody from Japan and Norway and Botswana and God knows where else we got them from. Never occurred to him. And he's there from Iowa. And maybe it's his first one. And he's not quite sure. He made a good decision spending his money and schlepping all the way from Iowa to Chicago in order to be at this thing. And now, all these people stand up who came from Kuala Lumpur and places he's got to go get a Google and a GPS to know where they are. What does that say to him? It's a dramatic demonstration to him that, gee, if all those people come from all, what's another dramatic demonstration that we often do? And it too only takes a few minutes. Levels? Sure, and that's visible, right? Longevity. Longevity. So I'm sorry.