credentials and all that, you just got to ignore that because we really are in the business of creating our own status, not getting it by permission from someone else. That's too damn slow, too limited, and it's not how people at the top get it. That's how people in the middle get it. For grandisement, we've talked about that, we will talk about it some more. Most people stop way short of enough for an endless variety of reasons, including some, most of them are really emotional, which we'll find our way to on the third day. Specialization can certainly be a path to status. The fewer there are to rank you against, the fewer there are to compare you against, the fewer there are to price compare, fee compare, deliverable compare, the better. And so the popular current term is category of one, the creation of a space that only you inhabit or as close to that as you can get is a path linked to it, big fish and small pond. It is generally easier to create a great deal of status in a small place, I don't necessarily mean geography, you understand, but in a small place rather than a big place. Give visibility, by that I mean not just visibility for visibility's sake, at some point for somebody who's really broad and public in their marketing, even that makes sense. But for most of us, there is a group of people who are going to give us our money and a group of people who are never going to give us money. Visibility with the group that is never going to give us money is not particularly productive. And so we got to focus on visibility in the right place. And we're going to talk about that at some length. Biassociation can be a path, a great leap forward strategy. By dramatic demonstration, I do want to spend some time on that because I don't think enough people really understand demonstration. And by mastery of a media, those are your key strategies. Let's talk about dramatic demonstration a little bit. We'll get that in at least before a break. So how many of you have read, I don't know, it came out maybe two years ago, the big, thick biography of Houdini. I mentioned it in some of the newsletters. Raise your hands. Okay, what, six of you? Great, okay. I recommend it. None of you is it a great read, by the way. That is thick, so you'll feel daunted. If it really bothers you, it's paperback. Take a knife, cut it in four pieces, rubber band it, and only tote around one little hunk of it. I've gotten people to read that way, so don't laugh. I mean conning yourself into doing what you need to do is a big deal. But it's well worth reading. Not only was this guy way ahead of his time. And keep in mind, these people were making themselves famous and getting to this kind of money. When you couldn't put the demonstration on YouTube, didn't exist. And so Houdini was all about dramatic demonstration. Houdini made his chops by going to initially small town police stations where he could really control the environment and where the media was thrilled to have something to cover because there wasn't much going on in Poughkeepsie. And going in and letting them handcuff him and ankle cuff him and jacket him and tie him up and stick him in the cell and then escape it. Tricky, because of course you're making the police department look like a bunch of buffoons. Tricky. And so how he handled that is really an education in and of itself. And he graduated to big city police departments.