The goal of this event is this, which is kind of like subtitle the book, is how to create a mass movement of people who will pay you for your advice. Whereas I was putting together this book and all this stuff, initially it was like how to like, like get your message out, which is like an important piece of it. But I know a lot of people who've got amazing messages that could change the world, but they have no ability to get it to people. Like there's, they're like experts standing on a soapbox talking to themselves, right? Like if you don't have a bunch of people that you're talking to, like what's the point of it, right? Like what's the sound of one hand, or what's the sound of a tree breaks in the woods? Like does it make a, does it make a noise, right? Like I don't know, no one's there, they didn't know, like it doesn't matter. So the bigger thing I want to focus on a lot today is like how do we build a mass movement of people? Like so you have an audience so that people are there. So when all these things you're doing are amplified. Cause you don't have that audience, like it doesn't, it doesn't really matter. It doesn't matter how good your message is. So that's kind of a big focus. The back cover of the expert secrets book, I had the publishers like I have to have this for the publishing company. And so I was like, what am I gonna write in the back of the book? And I was kind of stressing out about it. And I was sitting there and then I was trying to write like a typical back of the book. And then I was like, you know what? I'm gonna write what I actually feel. And so I wrote the back book of the cover. And that's kind of what the book, and then also this is about. It's not in the back cover for you, but it's in the front cover. So it says, what is that for secrets? I'm just gonna read it to you guys. Cause this is kind of my goal, what this whole thing is for all of us. So it says, expert secrets is the second half of the journey that you've already started on. Something you experienced in your life started you on this path, which caused you to want to become more. You started to read books, you studied, you experimented with things you learned. Am I doing so? You've become who you are today, an expert. So that's all of you guys. All of you guys are amazing. I'm sorry for you guys all to get to know each other. I know a lot of you guys do, but like this is some of the most talented individuals I've ever met in one room at one time. It's pretty insane. But as most experts soon find out, no matter how much personal development you achieve, there will always be a point where you can no longer progress. The only way to continue to grow is by helping others become like you. Yes, true growth and fulfillment comes from your contribution to others. Your message has the ability to change someone's life. The impact of the right message can have on someone at the right time in their life is immeasurable. You can help save marriages, repair families, change someone's health, grow a company or more. But only if you know how to get in the hands of people whose lives you have been called to change. Expert secrets will help you find the voice and give you the confidence to become a leader. Expert secrets will show you how to build a mass movement of people whose lives you can affect. Expert secrets will teach you how to make this calling a career where people will pay you for your advice. As Sir Winston Churchill once said, teach their comes in their lifetime a special moment when they are figuratively tapped on the shoulder and offer the chance to do a very special thing. You need to them and fit into their talents. What a tragedy if that moment finds them unprepared or unqualified for that which could have been their finest hour. Your message matters in this book, in this event, is your figurative tap on the shoulder. And so that's kind of the goal, that's the plan. That's what I want to hopefully give you guys over the next three days. So with that said, day number one, we're talking about your mass movement. Those of you guys who, the majority of you guys are 98% of you guys are in the inner circle and then we got some guests as well. But in the inner circle, we always joke about this, like building your cult, building your culture, I mean. And in fact, the next Funnel Hacking Live event in two weeks, we're giving you guys all cult shirts and a bunch of really cool stuff. And so that's what this is all about. How do we build this cult following a people who are obsessed with you and will buy anything you say? At the last Funnel Hacking Live, how many of you guys were there last year? And I asked, how many of you guys would buy anything if I just told you two? And half of the room was just like, boom, I'm in. I was like, that's awesome, that's what we want to create. Because if you do it right, then it doesn't matter. Because I come from the world, my background in this whole internet business was direct response. I learned from the best, like Kennedy, Abraham, and Halbert, all these guys who I study, we study copy and persuades, all these kind of things were super, super important. And it's like, that's who I learned from these guys. And nowadays though, it's like, really good copy is good to get cold people in. But if you're like a jerk or your movement sucks, or you're not, if you don't have those things, then everything falls apart. Like you can sell someone once, but you can't keep selling them unless you build something, unless you do this foundational stuff we're talking about today. You do that, then you can become really bad at selling and keep making money because you built this tribe of people who love you, they trust you, and then you basically recommend. And it makes it so you, it's kind of this weird thing where you don't have to have as good of skills, but because people will buy because of the personality, but at the same time, by doing it, the way we'll talk about it, like your skills get better and better, and by having both of those things together, it's like insane what can happen. And so, I mean, I'm just looking at our company. I spent, man, the first eight or nine years of our business stuck at like, probably three or $4 million a year. Like we couldn't get past that, couldn't get past that, couldn't get past that until we made these like fundamental shifts, and that's when it was like, just started skyrocketing. And so, and a lot of these things we were talking about, like the things we kind of discovered along the way, and hopefully now you guys will have all these things of foundation to like, to leapfrog off of, as opposed to have to go through like two or three years of like us like stumbling and hitting things and like, oh crap, that worked, let's do more of that. So that's kind of the goal. All right, now a couple of things just to preface this. So who is this for? Basically there's two types of businesses that this works for. Number one is the one that a lot of you guys are doing your information businesses. So you're selling courses, coaching, info products, books, seminars, all that kind of stuff. So this expert secrets process obviously works for you guys. The second side of this, and this has been a fun one for me is using this expert stuff, this business, to take other businesses and to explode them. In ClickFunnels right now, I think Dave has the opportunity always to meet with all the VCs. We have, is it three or four different VCs? Seven. Oh, seven venture capitalist companies who are trying to like throw money at us. And it's like the most funny thing because they kept telling us like, you guys are unicorn, like what you're doing makes no logical sense. Like you're growing and like insane numbers without any money, any cash, anything, like how does this work? And so I'm like, well, it's different because we're building a cult. Don't you understand? And they're like, no, I don't understand that. Like, okay, well, what's cool is like if you have this expert business like you as the personality and you tie it to something else, right? So like we've got me being this like the puppet doing my thing, but then you got ClickFunnels as this business, like it's like this shot of adrenaline is fueled that'll just dramatically grow those other businesses. I'm watching as Brandon Cale and Nunez now with the supplement company coming out. Like they're the expert, the supplement company is gonna explode because of what they're doing. Any business that if you can wrap it with an expert in front of it can grow fast. One good example, Tony Robbins, he is not a financial expert, but he partnered with these dudes who had financial, I don't know, it's over my head, the financial side of the stuff, right? And he wrote this book about how to make money. He goes and launches this book. He's on every single talk show. We built a funnel for him. He's selling books like crazy. And he's selling all these books. He has 100% all the money back to charity and feeding families and all this kind of stuff. And people are like, man, Tony really loves the world. But then Tony's this attractive character bringing these leads and like crazy, ships him off to this company now who's doing all of the investing and that kind of stuff. And I think that, I talked to him like six months after the book launched. And my numbers may be wrong, but I think he told me in the first six months they raised $6 billion. And that was like a year and a half ago. As of right now, I don't know what it is, but like it's insane. Like there's no other company that can grow like that because most of them it's just like, it's a company, it's a static boring company. But you wrap an expert in front of it, it's like fuel and it makes things blow up. And you can look at most businesses that have an expert on in front of them and then there's business in the back. And like that's, I think the best and the fastest way to grow. In fact, when we were talking to VCs, I did a whole podcast on this, like how to confuse the venture capitalists, which was really funny. So we're sitting there and he's like, so what's your cost to acquire a customer? I'm like, well right now it costs us about $120 to get somebody to join ClickFunnels. He's like, oh, that's really, really like, in their world, like that's a really good number. Like cool, so you just need more money to blow, to get more people. And I was like, no, we actually turned those ads off. He's like, why'd you turn the ads off? I was like, well, because what we do instead is we build these funnels, people bought my book or this, or they buy things like that. And then those funnels are actually profitable. So we spend $15 to sell a book, we make $33 through the funnel. So we get a customer basically giving us whatever that, the difference, 13 bucks or 18, but whatever that is. And then we enter just in a ClickFunnels. So basically they come to us, they give us cash and then we tell them about our product. So we actually get paid 18 bucks for every person we introduce to ClickFunnels. And he's like, that doesn't make any sense. So I explain it three or four or five times. Dave was there with me, like, he's like, this doesn't make any sense. I'm like, well, that's the world we live in. So when you guys understand this, like he said at the end of lunch, he said, if this is true, what you're talking about is actually possible. You guys could change every business across the world. Well, it is true and we are. So it's kind of cool. Now the other thing that's cool is when you look at this, like for a more traditional business, when you wrap this with an expert business, first thing is it simplifies the sell. Suddenly I'm just like, Tony Robbins is the man. I'm gonna go give that dude some money. I don't even care who he is. Like I don't even care, like Tony said, it's good, I'm in. Like you don't have to go and spend like six months trying to explain like, why are algorithms better? Why are, you know, all these things, they don't care. They trust you and so they're in. Okay, so simplifies the sell. Next thing, price resistance literally disappears. Because you're no longer a commodity. How many of you guys, I probably shouldn't ask, how many of you guys feel like you're in a commodity business where like everyone's selling something similar, right? The problem with the commodity business is like, that's like the worst business to be in. Cause like it pushing, everyone's like pushing the price to the lowest thing possible, right? And when that's happening, it's like, that's the worst business in the world to be in to be like fighting for the lowest price. Dan Kennedy, I heard him once say, he said that, you can't be the lowest price leader in your group. There's no strategic advantage of being the second lowest price leader. So you gotta be the highest. Cause there's a strategic advantage of being the highest. There's nothing in the middle there. Okay, it's like for us, it's like when you build that thing, you just keep raising the prices and price resistance is gone cause they want you. They don't care about the thing you're selling. Like they want access to you and they will pay for that. And then the last thing is free unlimited customers. Like I said, the VC people understand like, we're growing our company. It's not costing us any money to grow it. And that's the magic. So that's kind of the two sides of this whole business. Obviously we're focusing on the expert side, but it doesn't matter what kind of business you have. Like if you structure it right, it's the fuel for both of them.