Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you When the sun never goes down, and time has slowed down To the deep, too crazy if we decided to stay forever Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Love that takes you higher, I will forever be intertwined with you Jump into the fire, I'd like to see your wild side, we should run away The weather's not enough, it goes down, time has slowed down Would it be too crazy if we decided to stay forever? Stay forever Stay forever Stay forever Stay forever Stay forever Stay forever Stay forever Stay forever Stay forever Stay forever Stay forever Stay forever Stay forever Stay forever Stay forever Look at those wild trees, damn! Stay forever Stay forever Stay forever Stay forever Stay forever Stay forever Stay forever Stay forever You need a new lesson, repeat after me, Hakuna Matata Timid, no worries! Capital Braver is a company that is born as a CEO of entrepreneurs in Brazil We created a program to bring business development to companies by generating productivity through governance, quality management, financial support of these companies and even investment. Intradiableism is the main pillar of a country's social development It generates wealth, employment, professional development, and brings abundance to the population. Stay forever It was a wonderful event, it was really intense, I learned a lot, I learned a lot, I'm sure I'll put it in practice. It was very nice to share ideas, projects, and thoughts with a lot of entrepreneurs at this level. It's always great to be able to not only bring, but also to exchange and receive information, that the capital upgrades so well. You can see, and we are talking in front of you, you can obviously see the face of each one. There is a moment, the so-called moment, where I will present my business, and the companies, colleagues and participants give a series of tips, it was fundamental. What led me to be here was my desire to win, my desire to do the business, which is true, my passion. I heard about Lazuras, I heard about PWR, and some possibilities, it adds a lot, because we extend the vision of what we have, and we end up returning to home with duty, and with the expectation that it is possible. We decided to do this because the company's reality, the manager, the person who is there on the field, first, it is very lonely, and second, it needs many attributes, techniques, and practice, so that things happen. Capital Grades has a mission to help bring prosperity through the generation of employment and development of companies. We were born for this, with this focus, to transform the platform, the Capital Grades company, this project into a cellar of entrepreneurs and successful companies, and with this contribute to Brazil the best. Thank you. Thank you. We are back, guys. Can we continue? We can, Fatima is here, Diego is not here, Miriam is disconnected, what else is there, Hugo? Manu is here, he is balancing his head, he is here balancing his head. Miriam is here, because she is without a camera, Miriam, I don't know. Guys, so, let's continue, ok? And this was the first subject that was asked back there. Prolabore, I asked Prolabore, sorry, sorry, sorry, the first subject that was asked back there was the equilibrium, how do you calculate? And to calculate the equilibrium, there is another subject before, which is magic contribution. This is a subject, guys, it is a subject that we... it is fast, it is simple, but as if you want to complicate something you can, right? Anything you want to complicate, don't worry, you can. We don't complicate here, because of the normal academic world, put it on Google, the way you calculate the equilibrium, I score a point, ok? Who are you to score, Paulo Vito? I think if I calculate the equilibrium point, if I factor something and should give zero, after all, this is the equilibrium point, right? I factor, oh, to give zero, to get to the zero profit, that is, I don't even make a profit, I need to factor X. If X, at the end of the count, doesn't represent this, because it's missing something, right? So, you know when I noticed back there that I didn't score the equilibrium point? And at the beginning I thought I was just being... No, Paulo Vito, because it's very new and I didn't understand it yet, I didn't understand it at the faculty. I had a teaching office at 19 years old, and it was 19, 20 years old, 19, 20 years old. And at the faculty I was doing, I also studied there, I looked, I was already interested in the administrative world, the business, and so on. I researched a lot, went back, studied, I was paying a book at the library, ok? And when I did the math and calculated the book's point with the basis of what they explained, at the end of the count, it was still red, I didn't understand it. I didn't have this expansion of knowledge of the competition's cost so deeply, I didn't know, I wasn't the financial manager I am today, I hadn't participated in council, judicial recovery, to the point I am today. So when I did the math with the basis of what the books showed, the internet said, and I had the feeling that the counter-count was just thinking, no, Paulo Vítor, because you didn't understand, no, Paulo Vítor, because you didn't do it correctly. And over time I realized that there really are things missing, there are things that are missing in the normal balance, that teach. So I'm going to show you the traditional, the Baide book, and as I said, what you can complicate, what you want to complicate, you can, but it's not complicated to get closer to the reasonable, to what makes sense, to what makes sense for us to call for balance, in our perception, as always, in what works and happens in practice. So, slides, please. So, people, concepts, ok? I'm going to bring in several concepts. Margin of contribution. Wait a minute. This one here is like from the cart, or from the cart. You don't understand. Margin of contribution. People, margin of contribution has as a goal to show that the company's recipe is enough to pay the cost and the cost of variable expenses and so on. Even to stay more correct in this sentence, the most contribution is the margin that contributes to pay the rest of the bill. I sold something to ten, which when I made the cost, perfectly, in the cost, there are already many things, Paulo Veto. In the cost, there is already the labor market, the labor market, the expenses of direct manufacturing, and what you sold for ten, it cost me, with all this, direct and directly, with the rate, with everything, it cost me three. So, ten minus three, I have the margin of contribution of seven. So, this margin of contribution is what each product contributes to help me pay the rest of the bill. If I come to the product, which with all the costs, costs three, I have seven, and by the way, the rest of the bill, all expenses, which I need to pay, is twelve, seven, doesn't pay twelve. So, you are at the risk. So, when we talk about balance, wait, wait, so I need to sell as much in real, or as many pieces, or as many services, to, at the end of the account, I don't have any profit and no risk. That's what you want to know. In this account, in the business, it's simple, right? In this account, I believe that if you sell two products, which you sell for ten, two costs twenty. Sorry, you sell for ten each, the two added, the pattern of twenty. It costs three each, we are two, turn six. And do I only have more twelve to pay the rest of the things? So, it's to have, it's to have enough, right? It's to have enough, because it will give a margin of contribution of fourteen, to pay all the rest, which should still be twelve. So, Paulo Vito, with my balance in products, man, twenty two, you are even a little bit like that, in balance. It's one, one, something smaller than two, because if you sell two, you already have profit. So, something smaller than two, but you can't sell one, eight, I don't know, one, nine products. So, sell two, which is at the point of balance. That's what we want to know. In products or in the invoice. Correct? It's simple, like that, the reasoning. The complicated thing is to make the account, right? To do everything. It's to do what we suggest and do in FLEGAF. To have the conciliated accounts, to have the well-assembled costs, to have the accounts straight, to have the pro-labore. So, the subject we talked about, again, about pro-labore, if you are paying for the pro-labore more than it is, and part should be in the pro-labore, that is, ten thousand pro-labore, but you pay fifteen. And you enter the financial expenses, financial expenses, you are saying that the company needs to pay a point of balance, it needs to have a point of balance bigger than it should have. Just because you are wrong in the pro-labore and the distribution is divided. Does it make sense? In that example of your pro-labore, it should be ten. You pay fifteen. But the fifteen are entering the financial expenses, sorry, the administrative expenses, inside the SdNA. And when that happens, you are saying that I have to sell more products, to pay more administrative expenses. You have to have more contribution margin to pay this expense that should be bigger. Just because of the simple fact that you are wrong in the classification, calling the pro-labore, calling the distribution of dividends, or the advance or the distribution of profits, of the pro-labore. It has already changed the point of balance. Paulo Vito, I want you to know that in my pro-labore account, the point of balance, there is already a profit target. I want you to pay the bills, but I want to know how much I have to pay to have ten thousand profits. So, it is already half a point of balance with a profit target. No, it is not. It can also be the tool that we have prepared. Previse this. Previse this kind of subject. Okay? Slide. With more contribution, you can calculate the minimum amount of products to reach the profit target, or have a target of x% of remuneration, or 20 thousand reais of profit, or 100 thousand reais of profit, to be the target, to know the margin of contribution that sales provide is fundamental for financial management, for sure. So, I will give an example. There are these things that are offerings. Sometimes the commercial goal is less than the point of balance. Exactly. How many times do I arrive? What is the commercial goal? Oh, x thousand reais, we hit the goal. And what is the point of balance of this month? The month that passed, the point of balance was 100 thousand reais. And the commercial goal was 80 thousand reais. Oh, it is good that sales and faturing are different things. But imagine this in the year, right? I am in life selling 80 thousand reais, and my point of balance is always 100 thousand reais. It is weird. But, Paulo Vito, the commercial goal, it does not blame the company for being very heavy. In fact, taking the market from 80 thousand reais in sales in this segment, with this number of people I have, is the best result in the world, my competitors, with the same team size, can only sell 60 thousand. In fact, they are taking the stone milk, selling 80 thousand is actually the best result in the competition. So, how am I going to do something more than the best that I have ever done, which is the best in the market, in terms of commercial goals? Oh, x, congratulations. And this does not matter. The problem is serious, the problem is business model. If we are really doing well, we are doing the best we can, and not only the best we can, because effort is not a result. I am not only trying hard, I give a better result for this situation that I have, commercially speaking. But don't pay the bills? There is something very wrong with business model. Or with the company's stage, and it is part of this. It is part, so it is part. So we will have this loss, we will have the consumption of cash, we will be below the balance, we will be in the middle of the free trade, we will not be approaching the payback, because I have to cross this desert until we reach the next level. That is it. So, it is a must-have. How much the commercial sales, the commercial efforts represented in sales within a year, are approaching the balance point that this company needs. Sometimes I arrive at the company, I arrive, the guy makes an inventory with me, to review the balances, to work in re-reductionation, or I do part of a council, and I have to understand what the company's balance point is. The first target I get is how I decrease the company's balance point, and how I approach and bring it into the process of definition of goals and goals, at least to know if this is distant or close. Because the investment is also dangerous. The investment is my balance point is 40,000, my commercial is 80,000, the same situation. My commercial is being driven to sell much more than the balance point. Cool, interesting. But to look at the viability, to look at commercial efficiency, it doesn't mean anything. Then you have to go to the formation of commercial leaders and managers, and understand if 80,000 is all that your commercial can give. Could it be 60,000 and 20,000? So, the points I want to say are, you can't responsibly the commercial to pay the account of a wrong business model, and at the same time, it doesn't mean that the commercial is betraying what you need in terms of economic viability, that it is being as efficient as it can be. Of course, it's here. And the balance point is one of the many indicators that help you to give this kind of target, right? So, yes, the balance point. The balance point is calculated from the most contribution, because I'm talking about the most contribution to build the balance point. Without more contribution defined, there is no balance point. If the most contribution is not approved, you can be selling a lot, and even if it is for the judge, as the level of your fixed expenses is. It can be fixed as a goal, it can, it must, I'm not saying that, but it can. Guys, here it starts, here it goes. We have a goal here to hit the balance point. But of course, you have to see if the meters are viable, right? Each 10 leads, you convert 5 to a point in a average ticket of 1,000 reais, the temperature is 5,000 reais, and it's cool for the market. So, it was the point I talked about back there, right? You can't repurchase the commercial for doing more than you should do to deliver a balance point. But it can be a goal. The most contribution importance, with the basis of the most contribution, you can plan promotions in a healthier way for the business. Really. Of course, nobody wants to hold anyone's career, because the person deserves to be promoted. But promotions have a cost, and this cost affects the expenses of the business. The expenses affect the balance point. And it affects the demand that the company needs to have to grow to deliver the same profit with this increase in balance points. Got it? So, if you're going to make these jumps of the balance point and promotion is something that if you have a structured career plan, you encourage people to solve bigger problems within your company. And that's why, as soon as they do it, they'll be promoted because they deserve it, they won, they won. It's more expensive for you, and obviously, it increases the balance point. That's why it's very important to have a career career plan that makes people more likely to have a better result for the company and you don't have to give more remuneration to it, because it generates more results for the company. Not only in the commercial sector, but in the administrative sector, in the market sector, in the shopping sector, of course, this is a complex issue. Cargo plans, career plans and remuneration are something complex and that's why it's called a career strategy with this movement of people who help increase the size of the cake there's no problem to compensate for that by dividing the biggest pieces of the cake proportionally speaking, because the cake is growing. Proportionally, it can be even similar, but it's absolutely bigger and sustainable to have growth. So remember, any new investment in sales you can bring to the balance. That's why you always have to calculate the balance, because it changes. It changed the expenses months that come and changed the balance. Did it increase? Did it decrease? If the CMV that is part of the contribution margin decreases, it decreases. I love looking at it. It's another way to look at this indicator called the company's efficiency related to my costs and my backup of expenses to deliver my operation. Okay? Stimulating goals of the sales team to adjust the price of the items that have a smaller margin. Because sometimes when this indicator can balance, it increases. Do you want to understand? Did it increase? Did the cost increase? Did the contribution margin decrease? No, it didn't. Did the expenses increase? Not necessarily. Why is it worse? No, Paulo Vito, it wasn't that. We are selling items that have a smaller margin than the others. We changed our mix a little. Our sixth. The costs didn't change at all. When I look at product A, it has the same cost. B has the same cost. C also. But before we sold a lot of A that had a cheaper cost, a bigger margin. And now it's giving more C, a smaller cost. So obviously, in the DRR, when we bring the account the global CMV of the company, in the DRR, it will be increased. So when you stratify this, you can realize that you need to make a price adjustment for product C. Or you need to change the strategy to sell more product A, the one with a bigger margin. So the balance point is used as one more one more indicator and a sensitive point for you to do what? What we suggested in R&M? To do the right questions. One more indicator. So based on the magic contribution, you can negotiate more product volumes because here you are working with costs, wanting to decrease your costs, gaining scalability, evaluate the way to fill the costs and the variables within each type of product calculate the balance point of the business. One of the things that the magic contribution helps is, so our goal today, calculate the balance point. So a simple way to do it is to the magic contribution the same, the value of sales less the variable costs and the variable costs. Every time I produce a product, in that case, it was 10, it costs me 3, every time I'm calculating this it's taking away the variable costs. In this 3, I already have you in a hypothetical way, more cost-efficient costs. Because it's variable, every time I sell one, this cost happens again. Because I need the product. So I sell another one, it's going to be that cost. So in this 3, it's going to be the same cost of the market and one was a commission or a tax or something that is variable. Every time you sell one more, there's this cost, there's what's cheap, every time you sell one real, it's there. Every time you sell a tax, it's there. There are costs or expenses that suffer variation every time you sell one more. The one that sells more has this cost more. That, proportionally, often it's a piece of cake. And what are fixed costs? Fixed expenses are those that it doesn't matter if you sell one more or less and continue the same. Those are the salaries, the administrative, the energy and that's what you do in the back office to deliver the operation. Ok? So here, it's a very simple simulation where there's product A, the total, the product A, the unit product A, the total of the product A, the value, the first amount, 100, the cost, the unit, 50, column 2. Ok? Multiply column 1 and column 2, it will be 5,000 reais. Ok? The product B amount, same thing. And down there, it's saying that the most contribution of each product. So you can calculate this for the product. And the result of that, when you have a mix of products, you have the most contribution of the company. Ok? The production salaries will not vary as much as produced. Even so, it puts in the variable costs. It will cost, right? It will cost. It will cost. It will cost. There is a ratio in the cost composition. So, let's think about it. We are talking about another way how we can get a CMV. The difference is that once I get the CMV, which is the cost of the market, the cost of the sold product, I have my costs. The salary of this guy who participates in the production, does it cost? Direct costs of production. That's it. So, it's there. Just to get to the most contribution, I will add the other variable costs. How are they? It may be that it has... It may not have, it has a tax. Do you understand? But it is part of the expense with the collaborator who produces, right? It is part of the expense. It must change if it produces less. No, you pay the productivity, the bonus, you produce more or less. It is part of your expense, people. Cost. Cost. It is a direct cost. Here, the module 3, if I'm not mistaken, of the FLGF. The purification of your cost. It will change your cost. If you can produce more but with less, the cost changes. It will change the SMV. Before, Paulo Vito, I needed 10 people to produce a pizza. Now I just need one person to produce a pizza. Did it decrease the cost? It is the direct expense of production. So, I remember the purification of the cost. But I understand that the CD... What is the CD? In this case, it must be proportional. The direct expense must be proportional. I don't understand what you are talking about. Paulo, the expense must be proportional. The cost is the cost. It cost x thousand reais to produce x things. This is related to the x things you produced. The name of this is the purification. It is the cost of absorption. Just to make it easier to write, sometimes I delay. You can say it. So, my question in this price formation which was also my question when I did the DRE and all that, because when I look at the direct expense especially in the price formation I understand that the direct expense should be only what varies according to my production. So, for example, in the case of pizza, what goes in pizza, flour, the ingredients and such, because the pizza-yolo can produce 10 pizzas and in the other it can produce 2. Because it depends on the demand. So, I don't understand how much to put a cost that, in theory, is fixed in the sense that every month it will be the same thing, regardless of what it produces within the CPV. Yes, the problem is the cost. You will put the flour, the milk, the egg to make the mass directly and you will rate the cost of the work. Also, if this pizza-yolo for some reason, or less productive or less productive in that will make the cost reduction. It will do. Another thing that is more subjective is the other expenses. You can write on the technical file. The gas to make the pizza the gas the gas is there the oil all this has to be appropriated and allocated. And yes, if that day the pizza-yolo is more tired or more productive and causes losses the cost will be higher. Or not, it is fine there, but there is little demand. It is part of the problem. You have to be patient. You brought another subject, which is very important, Paula. But then it mixes the issues, which is the price formation. And this price formation is talking about the question of most people that the formation from the market I take the costs I appropriate the costs and put a market and if my cost today was 10 reais and my market is 2, I will sell the pizza 20. And if I continue selling for 20 I will decrease my margin. That is why since I entered this point I confess to you I hate market price but Paulo Vito, people do I do not do I do the markdown because I do not care how I manage how efficient or inefficient I am in the cost to form the price. I care how much I can generate value to make my consumer pay what it deserves. And then I have to do my homework to hang the costs to the point that I have the margin I need. So, if the pizza actually should be 25 reais I have to do the whole context since the market is a customer experience and the perception of this can say that the cost is 25. If I manage to produce for 1 reais and I have a markup 25, right? 25. Congratulations, you managed to do what everyone wants in the price that is to accept the price that the consumer accepts to pay more. Think about the best price that you can offer and the customer accepts to pay. And the highest point is to produce as much as possible without compromising this amount. This is the maximum, the concept. So most people make the price from the markup because it is traditional you take the cost and say I have administrative expenses I will put 5% I will put 1% more risk but the card's rate is a price issue I left the subject where the balance was entering the price and just trust me I don't like this way of price I don't like it, I don't use it I will put the mark down I go to the market see how much it should be I will get down and I want to know how much it should be for the production efficiency for the market benchmark for the need for operation and if I can get to this I have a balanced point but it is a mark down but to not confuse your heads we mixed the issues with balance one impact on the other but it ends up mixing I don't know if I helped or I ended up confusing and disturbing the issue but help me I understood in this other option you gave to form the price I agree to look at the market to define the price but the question is when the company can't reach the same price for example, the competition when we see a price very competitive and the structure doesn't allow this ends up compromising this way of price I will spend 5 minutes more on price I like it a lot I will get in your way and you are watching me when I say we will look at the market it is not for us to say product A competition A 20x10 I want to know, I will go for 9 to be cheaper and more competitive because the guy is bigger if he sells for 10 I can't sell for 11 I will sell for 9, 9, 20 and then I can say I am cheaper because I am smaller or less known but after the price is huge the cost of it is 2 reais mine is 4 I can't 3, actually 3, actually 3, actually 2, try to differentiate and sell for a higher price and not to buy in his market 3, change the operation and look for another segment that you won't need that's why there are many companies that try to diversify to try to establish a different value to have bigger margins and sometimes the product is identical sometimes the product is identical get products from direct sales and mainly from market mutinive many products from direct sales from market mutinive I will give an example real without the name of the market there are companies that put a 20 markup in the market for market mutinive companies that a product is equivalent in the supermarket has a 10 markup because it is so different because the distribution way distributes the product is different so the company tries to package literally in the packaging in the distribution way who sells is not a dealer it is a person and this person is highly remunerated that the person who is selling there and in the whole chain of market mutinive there are times that 60% of the value of the sale is paid and commission to the network because the guy who sold then there is the son of the guy who sold the grandson of the guy who sold then there is the investor and when he comes there at the end and this guy is the dissident of my network will pay remuneration for the whole network 60% to 70% of the value of the sold product is on the network commission to keep the payment of those people then tell me how a guy like this will sell the box of cereal for R$ 4 no, it has to be 30 does not pay the business model the cereal market has to be different has to be with the the different influencer has to be in a different packaging has to have a different shape has to have a different taste has to try to be different because otherwise he will have to return to R$ 4 but R$ 4 does not pay the business model has to be 30 then it is the marketing, friend I have to sell it for 30, it costs me so much and the supplier is the one to deliver this, which is R$ 4 R$ 5, 6, the best R$ 8 in the market I have to sell it for 30 and that's it, R$ 25,000, a cereal bar one in some of these companies so you can't look at the competition and I'll do the same I don't know if Coca-Cola does this but tell me why Coca-Cola is the price it is because sometimes there are similar refrigerants similar, right? similar that they charge a price similar imagine how much Coca-Cola can hold competition before it was born for the simple fact of keeping the price cheaper I had the idea I'll open a refrigerator with chains and I'll do my business plans because Coca-Cola is Coca-Cola, right? it produces with Coca-Cola it distributes with Coca-Cola it has Coca-Cola efficiency it has Coca-Cola brand and imagine that you, who is not Coca-Cola will make the price and say if I sell it at the price of Coca-Cola I can't play I don't even know if she does this but if I were CEO of Coca-Cola and a parallel analysis here even if my client accepted to pay more for Coca-Cola it would be worth it to increase this margin so I can make the competition viable or it would be better to abort the competition before it was born in the business plan I don't know if it happens but if I were Mr. Coca-Cola I would have this man, your client accepts to pay $45 in this bottle he accepts $9 and you are Coca-Cola let me do the math it's not worth it now it's $80 and it's $1,500 I'll make the competition possible because I'm Coca-Cola I have incredible distribution I have excellent production I produce my share-off there in Reconfarme and Manaus I have a Swiss operational excellence they don't so guys, it's because the price is not just the price the price is the strategy the price is the business model the price is expansion the price is a very expensive business ok? so come back to the normal programming good balance so guys here the products down here the most contribution first line, recipe, second, variable costs third, variable expenses we will provide a plan that calculates the equilibrium point of you ok? and I will complicate you can make a standard equilibrium point you can make a equilibrium point with base on the DRR or with the elements of the DRR you never see a balance point with depreciation because you put I think depreciation is an important issue that behind it has the impact of the capital if I don't factor what I need to the point of leaving a cash in the company to replace this capital in the future ok? where the balance is factor is equal to 0 but if on my way there is no depreciation and this is the depreciation and then for me, the balance point is the number I put up there that I pay for my operation financial costs present or future financial costs but even the separate button in the balance point because there is no this does not exist and the people do not put I also do not want to put three things down there that normally do not have a traditional balance point when I show you the tool you put note that the contribution margin of product B is greater than product A more contribution to product B 38.9 product A 30% this already informs us that the more we sell it the greater will be your contribution to pay the fixed expenses and leave operational profit and I do not know if it is true that the more Zen the more Zen is Quaker what do you need for me? more Zen, more Zen that is the fear I think it is I heard somewhere I do not know if it is true that the more Zen brand was a product that it did not have a margin for a long time, it did not have a positive contribution margin it paid for you to take it home I heard that in the company strategy it is worth it to buy that cheap to the house to start having a relationship with the brand to take the products that they earn or even spend the time because it could be ramping and earning the customer increasing the value of that there are no crazy promotions instead of product launch it is two reais you pay six I did not understand the guy is also paying for the acquisition of customers he put it back to the cookies he is not worried about money he is concerned strategically about acquiring customers another issue customer acquisition strategies I'm talking about our Radoan so this is a broad topic this is what I asked I asked for time I asked for time because I wanted to bring it in a more complete way less BABA standard and if I could talk I would be serious I would rather not talk so I repeat this is what I am bringing to you I am complicating the subject well this subject can take 5 minutes in the traditional way I have to go around the world ok? Diego Castro the premise to be a cost was another subject show let's go because one thing is product B which is 30.9 another thing is product A which is 30% but in general when we have a mix we have 36.5 which is the final contribution of the company ok? ok ok and I really like to look at the balance from the DRR because the costs are already there you see me? the costs are already starting ok other variable costs are there and the Vixas prices are there too so from there we can calculate the balance Paulo Vito has a depreciation I want to take it Paulo Vito has a loan and financing I don't want to calculate but I don't have to pay the cost not the price not only the price but the price ok? let's go where is the balance? where is the balance? in the balance point the operational profit of the company is zero that is the products sold pay all the costs and variable fixed expenses but there is still nothing left for the company and this is the Cartesian definition the operational profit is zero remember the DRR? receipt deduction liquid receipt deductions liquid receipt CMV then I have the gross profit then I will deduce the SdnNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN the financials and commercial then I have the operational profit right? and if I am in the next financing if I am in the tax because the balance is above in deductions there are indirect taxes SMS, psicoaffins if I am in the real profit and I am in the income tax then the social distribution that is zero and if I have a debt that does not enter the DRR does not enter this mental confusion that when I was there in the office in my 19-20 years I made the account by the book and I did not understand why the account did not use AVA today I understand, there were a series of things to call the balance point where the profit is zero the profit is zero the profit is liquid if I am bringing other financials I am bringing things that do not enter the DRR I understand that is why normally the balance point that people calculate is much lower than the company the company is usually lower so it is simple if it was simple if it was simple it was just the balance point the sales goal the game is over if the sales goal hits the balance point zero the life at least to have profit or to be harmful zero the life if you want success the sales goal is equal to the balance point bye but how to balance the wrong account is not good let's go so just an illustration the balance point is that great moment where the moment you reach that kind of factor you do not have profit nor harm but this balance point you agree that this balance point it balances the weight I give to it look how complicated what I am calling the balance point the goal of the profit of zero but if I change the goal of the balance point I change this position here I can put it more up more up because I do not listen I want a balance point by chance that helps me delete everything you said and leave me R$ 15,000 at the end of the month so why can't I add this target to the balance point and call the balance not the zero call the balance what leaves R$ 15,000 for me I'm just saying that the balance is not zero, the balance is 15 I'm just saying that the balance for me is another thing like Paulo Vito, what is a life that I can work and end this is a balanced life Paulo Vito, I don't think so what do you think is a balanced life for you I can work I can have my faith I can do my sports and I can be like my family you just changed the target of balance to another place of my parents are you doing this? this tool you will be able to change this position of what you call balance and play how to get to this balance point with the basis of what is balanced for you all right? and the calculation of the balance is very simple do you have more contribution? congratulations you know all the expenses you did the DRE you did the DRE you passed the 3rd module you will have a balance point relax, you can add something inside these complications that I brought the DRE part but if you have the DRE you will calculate the balance beautifully and here this first block is identical and there even the contribution margin is identical what is down there there are fixed expenses there is the DRE fixed expenses there is no S&A I think there is and this came in operational profit right? from this operational profit from the column right there from the column B almost there stop thinking and when you arrive there in the operational profit it is saying that this this this table is giving a profit of 1,750 so I do not calculate the balance point if it is giving profit and if the traditional balance point says that where the balance point is that which does not even give profit to the judge that is, the profit is zero if it is positive it is because it has more factor than the point where the book asks will it make sense? it has more factor than the point where the book asks and so the first logic so if you give profit it means that the first line of 1,800 is a value greater than the balance point this is the deduction that you can make ok, Paulo Vito? what is the balance point? simple, this is the formula costs and expenses divided by the most contribution I died you can make the count that's it the class could be this the class could be this normally the class is this this is it the class the class is variable the class is variable ok, that's it the class divided by the balance point this takes 5 classes it could be half an hour and that's it, bye work at home, seminar balance point the class could be the balance point the book could be the balance point everything could be the balance point but I don't think it's going to be in the year ok let's go there is something here, how much do you make the count? the balance point of sorry, let me go back come back to me the balance point of this situation Paulo Vito, do you agree with this situation? for me, there is something missing for me, there is the the class of the credit card it could be that it is there of variable weight I will I will give a check it could be that it is there of variable weight but you don't have the amount I'm paying for the bills that is, the amount I have of financial effort in other things that makes it more for the balance but really the balance point of operation is this the balance point of operation is this because tax tax tax of income social security not the operational information the receipts or financial expenses are not operational information if you are looking for the balance point operational it is right ok? but the operational doesn't pay the operational doesn't pay the whole account ok? and here let me bring we had negative operational profit that is, it is selling less than the balance point because how it changed, what he changed here ok? the fixed costs are higher and the cost is 10 thousand reais before it was 5 when it comes out of 5 to 10 look the balance point that increases this is important ok? and really we can be doing a very cute price but one thing we don't see is that if I have more contribution of 30% 33% to be 100% in 3 parts 33, 33, 33 if I have a more contribution of 33% that is that each real that I see I have 33 cents to pay the rest of the account now let's think now with the look of the costs each 1000 reais that I increase in my my expenses 1000 reais that I increase the need of the balance point the balance point increases more you understand? and that's why many times when I have more contributions is below 50% I have a proportion of the more I increase or decrease my fixed cost I have a jump in the balance point proportionally higher so it happens many times when I increase 1000 reais in fixed cost increases 3000 reais my balance point sometimes it's not always I have to look at it too and 1000 reais because 1000 reais is the need 3000 reais less in the balance point 10,000 reais and 30,000 reais less and that's where it goes you understand? Paulo Vita? can you speak? Diego? just to... in this second scenario I have a 100% increase in the fixed costs which raised the sales goal for 27,000 reais it was 13,000 reais in the first scenario that's it? increased the balance point yes, and if by chance your sales goal is made with a base on the balance point I don't recommend it as a goal because you are saying this look what you are saying that's it last month you got 13,000 reais now this month you have to sell 23,000 reais 27,000 reais what happened? there is no way to get 27,000 reais in the market really the company needs 27,000 reais but imagine, what commercial cost you will have increased in the fixed cost to bring the 13,000 to 27,000 reais to bring the 13,000 to 27,000 reais with a base on the balance point the commercial method should be what is possible to extract from the market if it does its job which is to bring the lead to convert it into the correct conversation and convert it into the correct ticket commercial I made the account here for you to close with 20% of them and each 20 you have to have a average ticket of 1,000 reais so, honey you have to sell 25,000 reais that's what I know you can do in the market sorry, 18,000 reais or because you brought less leads or because you worked bad and the average ticket or because you are making a mistake in the conversation I got it, alright no, no, it increased because the company was in the internal cost of the fixed cost hired a hired a different buffet for the sauces got it? got it, Diego? understood, but the analysis I did it's adequate it increases the demand of the company from 13,000 to 27,000 reais it's adequate but we have to extract the rest of the ability of the commercial in this increase look, the conclusions I'll show you the tool now the balance point shows how much the company needs to sell in units you can show it, right? what's that? if you know how much is the average price of your market divide the balance point by the average price you will have the sales amount of sales amount that brings the balance point it's a matter of division with the basis of the mix with the basis of the sales amount and it will be a little more complex but also the most complex is not difficult, it has 4 products and each one has different contributions as this example I just gave so I will divide because the first one has the A the B price, the C price I sell 30% of the product A 50% of the product B and 20% of the product C so I create the mix and the target of the mix is this it is worth remembering that from the right sales volumes are added triggers that show that it can be done with the structure of existing gas that is, it needs to be valued the maximum productive capacity and it also has that sometimes, that balance point I have is even a right moment of the company despite the fixed cost because I say in the market because one thing is a company that sells 1000 products it has a back office capacity if it sells 100 thousand products it can be and usually it is that I have to hire more people because now the financial is more frenetic with people who don't give a damn now the place here is not this one it has to be another one so there are these changes that growth brings the fixed costs they are not always fixed and much less eternally fixed and the company will grow and when we talk about productive capacity sometimes I have a company with this structure I can only go up to 20 thousand products passing through this I can't do it anymore so when I go down if I want to sell 20 thousand and one product I will have to go somewhere else and I can be sure that if one more product in the chain will make us increase the balance up there because I can't sell 20 thousand today and 20 thousand tomorrow I have to make a plan to be 20 thousand now and to do it in 45 thousand and then I go back to the level of efficiency in my phase 1 project until 20 thousand it's like if it were onions that have layers you will break those layers you have to do this account ok? Vande please Vande will enter the tool that we installed especially here for you Vande please Vande please Vande please go to the beginning Vande please the summary? Vande here we have 4 sheets even because I don't know if you already have this structure like in our balance point we bring not only the sheet course but also the sheet provision because this is a balance point that pays the account of the month but that also pays counting with the third tenth there at the end FGTS fairies forget even some kind of change that you want to add because you have to send someone without warning I have a lot to pay for balance this is one of the problems that I didn't have in my study it was the salary it was my cost to pay the salary only there are the provisions that's why I say that the DRR you have a DRR you already have a good part of the things but here we are isolating everything then it enters the A1.1 so if you want to bring the sheet of documents here there is everything explaining how it works where are the calculations here are the instructions general instructions explaining everything here if you want to go deeper to understand each thing and then how do you have a certain account when it's simple, it's one, when it's clear it's another, there's this tab here that is everything already everything parameterized ok? and then there are the people in the sectors the charges, if it's NPJ or CLT, because it changes the account CLT has certain obligations if NPJ has other obligations so here guys this doesn't have the objective of replacing and not replacing the account of your account of the sheet but it's just a way of letting us be more because sometimes there are people who have different decisions have that DSR resting on the remunerated because the person has two children the sheet is a worker or a worker legislation sheet of payments is there something that you want to complicate because you want to complicate then don't replace and it's not perfect compared to the sheet of payment in your company don't use this tool for that it helps you bring the information to put in the balance point in the most correct way if you have the sheet of payment yours, your account gave you with the provisions to put this in the little plan in the line of the balance point you can ask your accountant the mensal information of the summary sheet with the provisions to put in the payment sheet in the DSR it was to be so here is another way if you don't solve this in the DSR, it's helping you to solve separately here that's why I say there is the DSR that a good part of your management problems will be solved ABBA 1.3 here you will put the products, the average price quantity to get to the cost on the contribution average of the company because I don't know how much you sold how much you cost each thing what are the variable costs if you have costs in the sheet of payment is 3% is 2% in the sheet of payment I don't know I'm just going to give you the ISS I sold with discount I sold with discount so bring the sales here and the parametris and everything ok? I already have this in the DSR congratulations because that's what we want here again, it's a little pull if you don't have the DSR card card the sales commission is there the variable costs the costs of the insurance is there ok? come back but you will have to read the instructions and in 1.4 I have the explanations here on the right here is a summary and look how it appears until the DSR if I had the DSR forget about the DSR just calculate this inside the DSR with other analysis because we will even include it the balance of the DSR there is no time for me to do here we are doing these 3 birds then it will give your invoice click there that's it click this right here the taxes and it's pulling everything from the base it's pulling from the base if you fill the base it will fill this here look, it arrived at the most contribution the most contribution of this example is 46% each is 46.7% sorry, I was seeing the wrong line 53% each real that you sell to pay the rest of the money so, people each 100.000 reais 53.000 is left each 200.000 is left and so on if this was logical because this part of the base that I will tell you can be that the base the expenses with staff until other expenses they stay more or less like this until a productive level can be that, Paulo Vito if I sell 100.000 reais or 500.000 reais I will continue in the 20.000 reais if I sell 1 million reais I will probably not be in the 20.000 reais so you have to have this knowledge you have to do this projection you just want to take a picture back just to fill the information of payment sheet staff, put it there with the base of the provisions than you put there all the money show put it there with the domain