www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 1 of 36 --

www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 2 of 36 --

Product Secrets:
21 Different
Ways To Create
Products For
Your Offers!
When someone starts the Two Comma Club X Program, one of the most important things
we try to teach right off the bat is, “Stop selling products and start creating offers!”
The fact is, an offer is actually a bundle of products stacked together, all designed to
make it irresistible to the customer. Which means, when you create an offer, you need
to first create the products that go inside that offer.
This often leads to paralysis because designing one product from scratch is hard
enough, never mind a bundle of them. Then there’s the issue of time involved, and how
can you produce these products quickly?
This newsletter is going to outline 21 different possible product ideas. It’s designed to
get your wheels turning so you can open your mind the possibilities (which are endless).
One thing I want to make sure of is that you have a plethora of ideas to choose from!
Before we dive into the product ideas, there’s a foundational piece to product creation
that’s very important.
PlaTa O PlOmO (BrIBe Or The BulleT) 	1
INTrO
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 3 of 36 --

“People will spend more money
for the exact same product
packaged in a different way.”
The first time I ever really understood this concept, was when people started telling
me, “You have to read the book, Think and Grow rich!”
So I went to amazon and bought it. The copy of this book cost me $9.99. When it ar-
rived, I put it on my nightstand and.... didn’t read it. I didn’t read it for a week, a month,
then 2 months, then 3 months.
a few weeks later I went to another event and someone on stage said, “You have to read
the book Think and Grow rich.” I committed myself to reading it when I returned home,
but guess what? One month turned into two, two into six, and eventually, a year passed.
a few months later, scrolling on eBay, I found a CD audio version of Think and Grow
Rich for $97, and I bought it.
I got the CD’s in the mail, and when I was driving around town I would listen to it.
Within a week and a half of receiving the course, I had listened to the entire book, Think
and Grow rich.
Was there any difference between the book Think and Grow rich, and the audio CD’s
Think and Grow rich? The answer is no. literally nothing. In fact, it says here, “The origi-
nal unabridged version.” So it’s word for word, the exact same content. But I paid $97
for the audio CD’s, and I spent $10 on the book.
I spent ten times more money for the exact same product packaged in a different way.
The way somebody consumes something will change the value of what it is. It’s not as
much about the specific content, it’s more about how someone consumes it.
• 	A book might be worth $10
• 	An audio version might be worth $100
• 	A video home study course might be worth $300
If I invited you to an event in Boise where I taught you Think & Grow rich, it might be
TWO COmma CluB X	2
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 4 of 36 --

worth $2,000. and if I added a year long mastermind, it might be worth $10,000.
If you walk through my value ladder and funnels, you’ll see this principle in action. my
book, expert Secrets, I sell for $7.95. The upsell in the funnel includes videos discussing
the topic and I sell that for $197. after that is the Two Comma Club X program where
we teach the same topics (even more in depth) along with more access to coaches, and
that program is $18,000.
In my inner circle, you come to Boise and we go even deeper. It’s the same content
packaged in different ways, over and over again.
Just like my story with the CD’s vs. the book, you never know where or how someone is
going to get their aha! moment. maybe they need the audio book, maybe they need an
event, maybe it’s a course.
People will spend more money for the exact same product packaged in different ways.
The Problem With Products
(and 	how To
make Offers Instead)
a product is a thing. let’s use a phone as an example. You go to amazon and search for
a phone, and there are a thousand people selling phones. everyone sells it for nearly
the same price, which is a problem. The phone is a commodity and whoever has the
cheapest price, wins the sale.
It’s a race to the bottom and you never want to be in a business where you’re trying to
be the cheapest. my mentor Dan Kennedy says, “There’s no strategic advantage to
being the second lowest price leader in town.”
So if you can’t be the lowest price, you want to be the most expensive, because there is
a huge strategic advantage about being the most expensive.
So taking this phone as an example, if everyone else is selling it for $500 online because
PlaTa O PlOmO (BrIBe Or The BulleT) 	3
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 5 of 36 --

it’s a product, now we’re commoditizing it. So if I shift this phone to an offer, then I can
sell it for a lot more. In fact, I could sell this phone to almost all of you reading this for
$10,000 or more.
• 	The first product in the offer is the phone itself.
• 	The second product in the offer is 60 hours of training videos on funnel building.
• 	The third product in the offer is an app to a members area that has all the audio
versions of all my books.
• 	The fourth product in the offer is my personal Voxer username and password all
set up in the app so you can vox me your questions.
I’ve preloaded the phone with a whole bunch of stuff. Now this phone goes from being
worth $500 to being worth $5,000 or more.
In fact, I had a friend a couple of years ago who messaged me one day and said, “hey
russell, I know you’re a geek with marketing stuff just like me. I have this laptop here
and it’s just a cheap laptop, but on it I have every single marketing course I have ever
bought from the beginning of time until now. I wanted to see if you wanted to buy my
old laptop from me.” he went through all the courses he’d bought over the last 12 years.
That laptop was worth maybe $100 max. It was old and beat up. But he had all these
TWO COmma CluB X	4
Product Vs. Offer
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 6 of 36 --

courses inside the laptop; a stack of products that became a valuable offer. I ended up
buying the laptop from him for $5,000 without even thinking twice.
Creating an offer is all about
stacking things together.
as we go through the 21 product ideas, you will be able to grab a bunch of ideas and
put them together to make a really great offer.
If you’re selling physical products, you can use some of these ideas to stack your product
with other things that turn it into an offer as well. The last thing you want to do online
is compete on price, and creating an offer takes you out of the competition!
The fastest way to increase the value of what it is you’re selling is by bundling informa-
tion into the offer. So most of these ideas are going to be information based because
they’re the fastest and easiest to do. We’ll start at the bottom of the value ladder and
work our way up.
Write A Book
This is typically one of the worst ways to start your product creation because writing a
book is hard. expert Secrets took me ten years to write! even though writing a book is
amazing, you don’t have to write a traditional one right away. You can write a book like
my 108 Proven Split Tests book.
Back in the day, I was running all sorts of split tests and I knew that information would be
interesting for people. So I went through my Visual Web Optimizer and screenshoted the
PlaTa O PlOmO (BrIBe Or The BulleT) 	5
IDea 1
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 7 of 36 --

best split tests and wrote a little blurb about each one and what we learned. The book
was a compilation and therefore it took way less time to finish.
Sometimes you can compile a book from the “byproduct” of your business. In the book,
rework, he talks about the byproduct of a business. he talked about a coffee company
and how the coffee would show up in these huge bags. They would take the bags, take
the coffee out and throw the bags away, but the bags were these cool old rustic looking
bags, and eventually they had a pile of thousands of bags they were just going to throw
away, and they thought, “I wonder if we could sell these?”
So they started selling just the bags, and made more money than from selling the coffee!
my 108 Split Tests was the byproduct of what we were doing anyway in our business.
We just compiled those together and it became a bestselling book.
another good example is friend Jason moffit. he was on Twitter a ton, and took 5 years
of tweets and compiled them into a book.
Think about this, how many Facebook live’s have you done teaching your concepts?
how many Instagram stories? how many blog posts have you made? Just grab your top
50 blog posts, compile them into a book and you’ve got a book.
Some of you might be thinking, “Well russell they can find the information on my blog
for free.” You can go to Jason’s Twitter profile right now, and his tweets are still there,
TWO COmma CluB X	6
Examples of Creating Books Using
The Byproducts Of Business
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 8 of 36 --

but remember what I said at the beginning... people will pay for the same content
packaged in a different way.
another example is matt Furey. he created these books and made multiple millions
of dollars on these books; one of them is called Combat Conditioning. all he did was
spend a day in his gym and said, “Okay, here’s how to do a pushup.” Took a picture of
him doing a pushup, the before and the after, and wrote a paragraph of how to do a
pushup. “here’s me doing hindu Squat.” Took a picture of before and after and wrote a
paragraph. he did 50 exercises and turned it into a bestselling product.
Don’t think you have to go and write an entire book. You can, but there’s so many
faster, easier ways to write a book as well. look at the byproduct of what you’re doing,
and take that and package it together inside of a book.
Hire a
Ghostwriter
PlaTa O PlOmO (BrIBe Or The BulleT) 	7
IDea 2
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 9 of 36 --

If you don’t want to write a book, hire a ghostwriter. You can go to upwork.com to
find ghostwriters. The easiest way to get started is to write the outline and the table of
contents. Then have the ghostwriter do the research and write each chapter for you.
Back in the day, Frank Kern launched a company called underachiever Secrets. What
he’d do was find a hot market, run an ask campaign, and do a survey asking the num-
ber one question about that market.
he would go through the answers, find the top ten questions people were asking over
and over, and use that as the table of contents. he’d hire a ghostwriter to research all
the answers and write a chapter for each question.
PLR (Private
Label Rights)
Plr stands for Private label rights. Did you know there’s a whole market of people
who hire ghostwriters to write books, and then sell the rights to the books? If you go
to Google right now and type in Plr golf, or private label rights golf, there’s probably
a dozen golf products that are out there for sale. You pay $100 or $1000 and you get
the rights to the product.
Depending on the rules, you can put your name on it, repackage it, ship it around, and
sell it as your own.
Plr is available in almost every topic you can dream of, but do your due diligence be-
cause some of it isn’t very good.
The other option is licensing.
Once upon a time I had a website I sold on Flippa for $144k. I had a hook of “I sold the
TWO COmma CluB X	8
IDea 3
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 10 of 36 --

highest paid flippa listing site ever for $144k” but the problem was I didn’t have a book
or a course on how to flip a website. So I found a friend who had a course on flipping
websites and I licensed it from him.
I said, “hey man, you’ve got a course on how to flip websites. I’ve flipped a website so
I’ve got a good hook. I don’t have a course, and I don’t have the time to create a course. I
don’t want to create a course. You’ve already created a course, can I license it from you?”
he said, “russell, I already sell it on my own over here.”
I told him I would pay him $3,000 to license the entire content. he could keep selling it
on his own. I just wanted to license it and sell it on my own in another place.
If you go to clickbank.com right now and you find a product that is similar to what it is
that you want to sell, I bet you 9 times out of 10 if you contact that person directly, and
say, “hey, you’re selling this product now and it’s awesome, I would love to also sell it.
Can you license it to me?”
most people will do that for a couple thousand bucks. especially people who aren’t on
the top ten, you can go to those people directly and say, “hey can I license this from
you? I’ll pay you $1,000 for a license.”
PlaTa O PlOmO (BrIBe Or The BulleT) 	9
You Can Buy Rights To Sell Products
Others Have Already Created
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 11 of 36 --

Compile a Book
The most famous franchise that compiled a book was Chicken Soup for the Soul. mark
Victor hansen and Jack Canfeld wrote this book right? No, they didn’t write any of
this book outside of the intro. What they did was compile stories together. So the first
Chicken Soup for the Soul was 101 stories to open the heart and rekindle the spirit.
he had 101 people each write a chapter, jammed it into a book and it became Chicken
Soup for the Soul. and they made insane amounts of money with it and they were like,
“This is a good idea, we should do it again.” They’ve done it now hundreds of times.
They have Chicken Soup for the Pre-teen Soul, Chicken Soup for Grandma Soul, Chick-
en Soup for the Dog-lovers Soul, Chicken Soup for the Kids Soul, Chicken Soup for the
Nurse’s Soul, for the Girl Scout’s Soul...all different markets.
Compiling books is super easy and fast because you simply have to find other people
who are doing the exact same thing you are doing, get all their top stories and writings,
and compile them together.
IDea 4
TWO COmma CluB X	10
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 12 of 36 --

Idea Collections
How many of you have good ideas? I had a friend who had a million ideas all the
time. he listed them down on a pad of paper and counted 378 ideas. rather than try
to execute on all the ideas, he decided to write them all out and create a book called
“Predictions”.
He made insane amounts of money - over 6 figures selling this ebook and all it
was, was ideas. In fact, this newsletter we’re doing right now, product secrets, guess
what it is? It’s me compiling 21 ideas of how to create a product.
What ideas can you compile together?
IDea 5
PlaTa O PlOmO (BrIBe Or The BulleT) 	11
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 13 of 36 --

Newsletters
I’ve been running a print newsletter now for over a decade. I think it’s 11 or 12 years now
that we’ve been doing it. You can do physical newsletters or digital newsletters.
Every market is simple to do newsletters.
For example, the financial market uses newsletters a ton. They’ll sell newsletters about
the trades they’re doing.
Newsletters in general work really well for the current stuff you’re doing, or the current
stuff that’s trending in your niche.
right now my newsletter is Funnel university. Once a month I look at a funnel, I funnel
hack it, and I put the screen shots, the pictures, and the explanation into a newsletter
and that’s what I send every single month.
IDea 6
TWO COmma CluB X	12
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 14 of 36 --

Re-Niche
Content
David Frye is one of my favorite people on planet earth, and he created a marketing
course to help different industries. he created a course called 8 Dirty little motorcycle
Dealer marketing Sins and he marketed this to motorcycle dealerships. Then he took
the same content, changed the cover and a couple of words, and made it 8 Dirty
Marketing Sins for RV Dealers. Then it became 8 Dirty little marketing Sins for Boat
Dealers. He niched it over and over and over again.
Take whatever it is you’re currently selling and then re-niche it and go to another mar-
ket. Or, for example, you can find someone who’s selling really well in the Dental indus-
try, and ask them to license the content so you can sell it in the Chiropractic industry.
as you can see, a lot of these ideas weave together.
IDea 7
Example Re-Niched Content
PlaTa O PlOmO (BrIBe Or The BulleT) 	13
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 15 of 36 --

The Public
Domain
I love the public domain. The public domain refers to anything that wasn’t protected
under uS copyright law. Now this includes all works published before 1923. So anything
published before 1923 here in america is automatically in the public domain, you can
take it and use it for whatever you want.
So things like Think and Grow rich, master Keys System, how to Win Friends and Influ-
ence People. all the old personal development books from pre-1923 are already in the
public domain. If you go to gutenburg.org, you can grab the text files and you can
republish them in a million ways, as much as you want.
I know at least a dozen people that have built 6 or 7 figure businesses just off of Napo-
leon hill’s books like Think and Grow rich.
IDea 8
TWO COmma CluB X	14
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 16 of 36 --

If you go to eBay you can search for books based on the year they were published. So
I type in 1923 and type in weight loss, physical culture, marketing, business, personal
development, and type in keywords and you’d see all these old books selling for like
$1.50 or $2 on eBay, I would buy them and then you can get people to scan them and
turn them into ebooks and then you can take those and re-publish those as your own.
If you look at books published between 1923-1978, 1923 was when the copyright laws
began, but the law didn’t last forever. So between 1923-1978, you had to file a copy-
right, and if they filed a copyright, then the copyright is active. If not, those are also in
the public domain and it’s estimated that 92% of all works were not actually officially
copyrighted.
If you find a book you want to use, if you Google mike hynek, he is a lawyer in DC. I used
to pay him a couple hundred bucks, and he would take the book and go across the
street to the copyright office to see if someone had filed a copyright for the book. he’s
probably still doing it today!
another good example is matt Furey. One of matt’s very first products he ever came out
with was a book called The Farmer Burns School of Wrestling. This was originally an old
wrestling course created in 1914.
he found a copy on eBay, took it and repackaged it into lessons in Wrestling and Physi-
cal Culture. He made millions of dollars selling this as a book. That’s how the public
domain works. You can republish them and sell them as your own.
Matt Furey Made Millions With
This Public Domain Work
PlaTa O PlOmO (BrIBe Or The BulleT) 	15
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 17 of 36 --

Audiobooks
Audiobooks often sell for more than the physical book. my audiobook version of
expert Secrets is $47 and the book is only $7.95.
One of the things you can do is utilize the earlier ideas like Plr, public domain, com-
pilations, and then add the audio version of whatever it is you’re doing, and stack that
product into your offer to make it more valuable.
Audio
Interviews
Find somebody with a really good hook and story and interview them.
here is a good example, and it’s actually the first time I made a million dollars in a fun-
nel. I read this book called The Twelve month millionaire from a guy named Vince James,
and this book had the best hook I’d ever seen. It was how he made 100 million dollars in
less than 23 months.
after I bought the book and read it, I called him and said, “hey man, can I interview you?”
and he said sure. he let me interview him for six hours. I used the interview as a bonus to
sell his book, and he was totally cool with it.
IDea 9
IDea 10
TWO COmma CluB X	16
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 18 of 36 --

When I sold it, I had affiliates who had already bought his book, rebuy it again through
me because they wanted to hear my six hour interview with Vince James.
a couple years later, I decided to repackage the interview and sell it again. I took the au-
dio, transcribed it all, and I sold the audio files and transcripts as an offer. Then I licensed
physical copies of his book, and made that the upsell in the funnel.
This works great if you don’t have a good hook yet. Just look for a good hook in your
market, something that’s really exciting. Go find that person that’s got the good hook
and interview them. most people will say yes to an interview!
Jason Fladlien is the king of this. When he creates any webinar offer, when he’s building
out his value stack, he needs a big hook for every single thing inside of this stack. he’ll go
and find who’s got the best hook and he’ll find that person and interview them.
For example, one of his webinars recently was about ecommerce funnels. he didn’t have
a good hook, but he knew this guy Trey lewellen did. Trey’s got the number one highest
grossing funnel inside of Clickfunnels right now. It did twenty million dollars in six weeks.
So Jason said, “hey Trey, can I interview you for my course??
Trey said, “Sure.”
My First Million Dollar Funnel Was An Interview
PlaTa O PlOmO (BrIBe Or The BulleT) 	17
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 19 of 36 --

Then Jason said, “I need to wire you some money.”
and Trey said he’d do it for free, but Jason insisted because he wanted to make the
perceived value of the interview bigger.
Then, when Jason did the stack, this is what he said.
“I found the number one dude in ecommerce. The guy who’s made more money inside
an ecommerce funnel than anybody else on this planet and he did it selling a flash-
light. I actually hired him to consult me, I paid him $5000. here’s a picture of the wire
transfer I sent him of the $5000 to figure out exactly what he did. he sat down with
me and explained everything over a four hour period of time and this changed my life
forever, it’s been so good. and I’m actually going to let you have access to this for free.”
By telling this story during the webinar stack, it leveraged Trey’s hook, he was able to
sell the interview, and the $5000 wire transfer increased the perceived value of that
interview.
Podcast
Compilations
Compile podcast episodes that are really hard to find, or are your favorite.
In fact, let me see if I can make an offer right now. In the last 12 years of my life I’ve been
listening to podcasts. I’ve listened to a podcast every single day for 12 years and from
that there’s a lot of really good ones.
But there have been 17 that have given me a huge shift in my life and in my business.
Not little nuggets, but huge shifts. Obviously, those are free, you can go out there and
IDea 11
TWO COmma CluB X	18
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 20 of 36 --

you can find them, but you’re going to have to listen to 12 years of podcasts, and you’re
going to have to listen to 3000 plus podcasts to find them, but I guarantee you can find
them out there. Good luck, hopefully you can find them.
Or, if you want, I actually have a list of my top 17 favorite podcast episodes that have
changed my life. I also have the transcripts, and pages and pages of notes on each one.
I’m going to give you the transcripts, the notes, and the podcast links for $97.
By doing this, I just made free podcasts that they could find anywhere worth $97.
Telesummits
Compile A “Best-Of” or
“Hard To Find” Podcasts
IDea 12
PlaTa O PlOmO (BrIBe Or The BulleT) 	19
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 21 of 36 --

Telesummits are great because you can round up experts in your field. You’ll need a re-
ally good hook for your telesummit of course, but then you don’t have to produce the
content - just leverage expert’s expertise!
I remember an event David Frye was speaking at. he stood on stage and he talked about
tele-summits and how powerful a tool it is, and then he talked about the interviews.
he said, “These 300 interviews that I did, it was the greatest thing in the world.” Then he
pulled out of his pocket a little uSB drive and said, “all of these are on this drive right
now. all the audios, all the transcripts, all the notes, everything is on this thing. This
thing right here is worth, tens of thousands of dollars, millions of dollars for me. This is
300 hours of consultation with top business experts on planet earth. They’re all right
here. I carry this with me everywhere I go because I have any idea or I get stuck or I need
a brainstorm, I can plug it in and there’s somebody there who can tell exactly how to
do what I’m trying to do.”
he kept talking about it during the presentation and everyone is like, “Oh I wish I had
that thing.” he made the value of this little uSB drive so big by talking about it, that we
all wanted it.
When he got to his stack during the presentation, he went through everything and
then at the very end, he pulled his uSB and said, “The first person to the back of the
room is going to get this uSB drive.” People started jumping over chairs, fighting to get
to the back.
Then he said, “Wait, wait hold on. Something I didn’t tell you about before. last night
I went to Office Depot and bought 20 uSB drives and filled them all up. So I actually
have 20 of them, so the first 20 to the back of the room get the bonus.”
With a telesummit, you need to focus FIRST on the hook, then on finding the ex-
perts to interview.
TWO COmma CluB X	20
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 22 of 36 --

Mastermind
Roundtables
If you have a mastermind group, bring together your top 10 or 15 people and interview
them several questions. You can record the conversation and sell it, and this kind of
content does two things.
One, it gives you something valuable to sell. Two, it helps people to get an idea of
what you do in your mastermind, and want in. This is exactly what happened to me
when I bought a CD from Dan Kennedy that had recordings of his mastermind mem-
bers answering questions.
I remember listening to it and learning so many cool things from various experts be-
cause they were all trying to one up each other on the audio. after I was done, I called
Dan Kennedy and begged him to let me into his platinum membership because I had
first hand experience of the power of the group.
IDea 13
PlaTa O PlOmO (BrIBe Or The BulleT) 	21
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 23 of 36 --

Before I keep moving on, if you’re thinking this doesn’t work for your business because you
sell physical products, it does! let’s say you sell Ketosis supplements. Find the top experts
and interview them. Bring them together and create an audio out of the conversation.
Video
Mastermind
This one is the same as the audio interview, except you record it.
I was at Yanik Silver’s underground event, and saw him rent a hotel room for three
hours to record interviews of experts talking about how they would make $30,000 in
the next 30 days if they lost everything.
They were using an old school video camera, and the quality was so bad, but the hook
was amazing. It was an Internet marketing survival interview and they found a bunch
of experts and listened to their plan.
IDea 14
TWO COmma CluB X	22
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 24 of 36 --

Screenflow
or Camtasia
Both of these softwares record what’s happening on your computer screen. Simply set
up Powerpoint Slides teaching a topic, turn on Screenflow and record. You teach to an
audience of zero, and the software records the whole thing.
David Frye used to be in the dog training market, and this is what he did.
First he bought 20 books on how to train bull dogs.
Then he hired a ghostwriter to study the books and get the best content out of it all.
he had the ghostwriter make the outline and the slides, and then David recorded it all.
You can also do demos too. We do tons of demos for people that use Clickfunnels using
ScreenFlow and using Camtasia, and teach people how to do all sorts of things.
IDea 15
PlaTa O PlOmO (BrIBe Or The BulleT) 	23
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 25 of 36 --

I had a friend who did this with a product called Traffic equalizer, which was software
that would game the search engines and people would pay $97 for it. But the software
was really confusing to use. So my friend bought the software, mastered it, then he
made Camtasia videos of him actually using the software, then he sold the Camtasia
videos teaching people how to use the software for $500. he made more money selling
the training on how to use the software, than the software developers used to actually
sell the software.
Hard to
Find Video
Compilation
IDea 16
TWO COmma CluB X	24
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 26 of 36 --

This is very similar to what we talked about with the podcasts. Compile hard to find
videos of experts in a particular niche, add transcripts and notes, and sell it. Just
make sure the videos are publicly listed on YouTube!
let’s say you’re a huge robert Kiyosaki fan. here’s a hook and a story.
“One time I tried to hire robert Kiyosaki, but the problem is it’s $100,000 a day for him
to consult with you on all sorts of stuff and I didn’t have the money for that. So I started
scouring the internet and I actually found 12 videos. There’s tons of them out there, but
there’s 12 that gave everything he talked about in systematic order. It was so simple
and so easy and what I did was put all these together in a member’s area and all my
notes on the most important parts. When you get started today, I’m going to give you
the top ten robert Kiyosaki videos of all time, plus my notes and the transcripts.”
Weekend
Retreat
If you’ve got a topic that you’re good at, throw a weekend event.
I remember when I joined matt Furey’s mastermind group, he told this weight lifting
influencer this: “What I would do is go and send an email to your list and say for $5000
you can come to my house for a weekend and we’ll lift weights together and I’ll teach
you all my stuff, and show you how to eat.”
The next guy that got on the line was an artist, and matt said, “You should put an email
out to your list, tell them for $5000 they can come for a weekend to your art studio and
you guys can do art together.”
When they come to your event, you should most definitely record the whole thing, and
now you have your first home study course.
IDea 17
PlaTa O PlOmO (BrIBe Or The BulleT) 	25
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 27 of 36 --

a lot of times people ask me, “I want to write a book first russell, that’s the bottom of
the value ladder, then I’m going to create the audio course next.” and they build things
methodically like that, but it’s backwards.
The best place to start is with the video home study course. Then get the audio
ripped out, get it all transcribed, and now you have more assets you can use in your offers.
Build Software
The perceived value of software is huge! my very first software product was a thing
called Forum Fortunes. I didn’t create it, have the idea, or program it. Somebody else
was already selling it and I thought it was neat.
I asked the guy if I could license it for $500 and he said yes. So I rebranded it with my
name and my picture, and made my first $1000 with this thing.
Zipbrander was my first original idea. I paid a programmer maybe $20 for that, and
IDea 18
TWO COmma CluB X	26
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 28 of 36 --

then I paid him a $100 bonus. For $120 I got my first software program built!
I know someone that’s in the dream interpretation market and they found a public do-
main book on dream interpretation. It was a library of information where you’d look up
a word like “bird” and if you had a dream with a bird, it would tell you what that meant.
he took the public domain book, rebranded it into an actual ebook, then turned it into
a software program as well, where you could type the words in, and it would pop out
the paragraph.
When they sold their offer, it went from being a book they could sell for $15, to a
$47 offer because you get the book, plus you’re going to get the software program that
goes with the book.
My First Software Product Cost Only $120 To Build
PlaTa O PlOmO (BrIBe Or The BulleT) 	27
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 29 of 36 --

Recycling
Content With A
New Hook
Two years ago I turned the perfect webinar into a script. It was a one page script with
a video of me explaining the script. I literally used Camtasia with a picture of the script
and I explained it right there. That became a free plus shipping offer and we have
made millions of dollars with this as a front end offer.
People buy the CD and the piece of paper script as a free plus shipping offer. Then the
upsell is a course where I go through the perfect webinar. Fast forward a year and a half
later, I launched a book called expert Secrets. That book is also about the perfect webinar.
IDea 19
We’ve Made Millions With This Front End Offer
TWO COmma CluB X	28
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 30 of 36 --

Same content except the hook is different. One hook is about doing a webinar, the
other hook is about how to become an expert.
The secrets master class is a program we initially sold for $300 a month to be part
of. It was the perfect webinar, taught in a different way. Then we did the FhaT event,
which people came for three days to Boise and we built the webinar with them. It was
$10,000.
We have a new offer coming out, depending on when you’re reading this and it’s called
10x Secrets. I made $3 million in 90 minutes at Grant Cardone’s event and I looked at
that and realized that’s a sexy hook. What am I selling? I’m selling me, breaking down
and going through the perfect webinar. Still a perfect webinar.
Recycle Other
Peoples’ Content
IDea 20
PlaTa O PlOmO (BrIBe Or The BulleT) 	29
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 31 of 36 --

You can do it with other people’s work as well (if you buy the rights or it’s public do-
main). Just make sure you have a GREAT hook!
I did this with John reese. I bought Traffic Secrets, and the entire company from him,
and now we’re selling that as a course as well. It’ll become a book and software too!
Membership
Sites
IDea 21
TWO COmma CluB X	30
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 32 of 36 --

membership sites are cool because it’s a great container for all these products. The
perceived value of a membership site is high.
When you’re doing a stack for an offer, a membership site is a great bonus. “Get access to
our membership site for free! Normally we charge $97/m for it, and it has this...this...this….”.
Start With The Backend First
This is the last thing I want to end with. Start with the backend first. Do the big thing
(like a live event or workshop) and then from there, pull things out as assets.
Whatever you decide to do, start with a great hook and story. Write the sales letter.
Make it as irresistible as possible. Then go out and find the pieces you need to fulfill
on that promise!
remember, you’re just one funnel away…
PlaTa O PlOmO (BrIBe Or The BulleT) 	31
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 33 of 36 --

This newsletter is for research purposes only. all of the webpages and advertising is copyrighted by the
original owners. You may borrow the ‘ideas’ in these ads and pages, but you may NOT use any of the actual
advertising copy or designs.
You do not have resell rights or giveaway rights to any portion of this Publication. Only customers that
have purchased this publication are authorized to view it. This publication contains material protected
under International and Federal Copyright laws and Treaties. No part of this publication may be transmitted
or reproduced in any way without the prior written permission of the author. Violations of this copyright
will be enforced to the full extent of the law.
The information services and resources provided in this book are based upon the current internet
marketing environment. The techniques presented have been extraordinarily lucrative and rewarding.
Because the internet is constantly changing, the sites and services presented in this book may change,
cease or expand with time. We hope that the skills and knowledge acquired from this course will provide
you with the ability to adapt to inevitable internet evolution. however, we cannot be held responsible for
changes that may affect the applicability of these techniques.
any earnings, income statements or other results, are based on our own testing and are only estimates of
what we think you could earn. There is no assurance you will do as well as stated in any examples. If you rely
upon any figures provided, you must accept the entire risk of not doing as well as the information provided.
Screenshots in this book are from publicly accessible field archives. all product names, logos and artwork
are copyrights of their respective owners. None of the owners have sponsored or endorsed this publication.
While all attempts have been made to verify information provided, the author assumes no responsibility for
errors, omissions, or contrary interpretation on the subject matter herein. any perceived slights of peoples
or organizations are unintentional. The purchaser or reader of this publication assumes responsibility for the
use of these materials and information. No guarantees of income are made. The author reserves the right to
make changes and assumes no responsibility or liability whatsoever on behalf of any purchaser or reader of
these materials.
LegaL 	DiscLaimer 	anD
Terms Of Use
cOpyrighT 2018 © rUsseLL BrUnsOn
aLL righTs reserveD
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 34 of 36 --

www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 35 of 36 --

TWO COmma CluB X	34
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 36 of 36 --

