=== CD2/transcription_mp3_01_-_Audio_Track.txt ===
So when I said earlier that Houdini undoubtedly rigged his dramatic demonstrations, obviously, we assume Bob Allen rigged his dramatic demonstrations. The fire walks rigged. The show of hands here isn't rigged, but we know the outcome. I know the list. I know how many are here from a foreign country before I do it. I know the longevity before I do it. I wouldn't do it if I didn't know what the outcome was going to be. So fundamentally they're all rigged. So when I say that, you have to ask yourself whether you have a squeamish feeling at all about the idea of rigging your dramatic demonstrations. So now let's talk about pure illusion. So what do most people think of Thomas Edison for? The light bulb? What else? 9999 attempts in order to solve persistence. Yeah, fabulous inventor, right? I mean, that's what most people have him connected to and what he went to great travail to have people connect him to. And the illusion was largely, not that he didn't invent things, but the illusion was largely perpetuated by all of the things we're talking about, including dramatic demonstrations. So what Edison was actually best at was what? Being Edison. And for what outcome? In money. That's what he was best at. He raised money like nobody's business. And in somewhere between 8 out of 10 and 9 out of 10 of the cases when he raised money, what happened to all the money and all the people who put it up? All the money disappeared. That's what happened in 8 or 9 out of the 10 cases. He was spectacularly unsuccessful overall and furthermore, a lot of people don't know, is the stuff that actually was most viable didn't often lend itself to really great dramatic demonstration. So Edison did dramatic demonstrations of stuff he was working on that he had no intention of developing that were not practical and he knew were never going to happen. And then after he got the dough, he moved it from the thing he had shown off that could never happen over to the practical thing and worked on what he wanted to work on. So the giant press conferences and the giant gatherings of what we today would call venture capitalists in order to demonstrate to them this whiz bang thing that he was working on, he was an illusion and it was an illusion. The ethics escape valve I guess was the movement of the money. Now the question is how do you feel about that? Are you squeamish at all about that? I don't, it's a rhetorical question, it's for you to think about. But if you delve into the Edison's of our history, the contemporary figures of today, the high earners, there is illusion in front of and wrapped around everything that they do. They necessarily negate value delivered out the back end. But there is illusion making it work. What business do most people think Trump is still in? Yeah of course they think he is in the real estate business. And he perpetuates the idea he is in the real estate business. You guys all know he is not in the real estate business. I mean conceptually we know he is in the Trump business but beyond that he is not in the real estate business. He is in the licensing business just like Gene Simmons is in the licensing business.

=== CD2/transcription_mp3_02_-_Audio_Track.txt ===
Trump's licensing his name and his identity to all these real estate projects, taking money off the top, points off the top, minimal if any risk. He's licensing a brand. He's Disney. You're a playboy. You're just a licensor. But what does the public think? They think he's in the real estate business. So it's an illusion. It's a perpetuated illusion. Is it an unethical illusion? You decide. Is it criminally unethical? Probably not. Will it bother, will it get him a warmer seat or a cooler seat in the afterlife? Who knows? I don't. But there's no doubt there's illusion involved. I would suggest to you, if you identify everybody of high status and you come to understand that a lot of their status is linked to the deliberate creation of illusion, that tells you it's necessary. And if you're not engaged in the deliberate creation of illusion, you're leaving a brick out of the wall. All told, here's the big fact. Your seven figure income will have less to do with your talent, your skill, your expertise, or your deliverables than it will your ability and willingness to create and exploit your own status. Who is this most disturbing to? Geez, all sorts of people. It's really disturbing to people who think they have talent. Never having had that handicap myself, I don't know exactly what that's like, but I do know people who think they have talent. Many of whom are bitterly disappointed with their financial and other outcomes in life because they think that having that talent is supposed to be the passport. But people who think they have talent. And all you got to do is find somebody who thinks they have talent, maybe really does have talent in a category, and name the highest profile, highest income people in the category who arguably have little or no talent, which incidentally seems to go together a lot, highest income, lowest talent, and watch them react. So, Owen's in the room. Where's Owen? Wasn't it you who, yeah, it was you on your questionnaire. I'm pretty sure, because I think you're the only artist in the room. So, who would you donate a big chunk of change to have lunch to? I'm pretty sure you named King Cade. You know, guys all know who Thomas King Cade is, right? He's the painter of light. And so, I think I can quote Owen, agreed to donate a big chunk of change to have lunch with Thomas King Cade, but said he'd be so nauseous the entire time he wouldn't be able to eat. But he did have a few questions he wanted to ask him. Now, that's exactly the typical reaction of an artist who thinks he has talent, may have talent. No, what do I know? I like the thing he gave me that hangs on the wall, but you know, on the other hand, I got dogs playing poker downstairs. So, what do you know, what are you going to do, right? But that's certainly the reaction of most artists to Thomas King Cade is they think he's an untalented schmuck who certainly does not deserve to be where he is. So, the idea that the talent has less to do with it than the willingness and ability to create and exploit status is so repellent and repulsive to talented people, it gets in their way. Stephen King and James Patterson are on the list, right, his authors. We have a friend who writes horror sci-fi novels. He actually got to essentially apprentice with Stephen King for a year. He thinks King's a complete hack. He's infinitely more talented. I think he's written five novels and there are twelve copies in circulation.

=== CD2/transcription_mp3_03_-_Audio_Track.txt ===
And there's probably never going to be more than 12 copies in circulation. If for no other reason than he has this in his way. And so it is governing and coloring his thinking in a way that he can't get past. Skills, same thing. So I do have, I think I have skill. I don't think I have any talent, but I think I have highly developed skills. So a lot of people with highly developed skills have exactly the same obstacle in their way. They think the skill is supposed to be the passport. They went to a lot of trouble to get the skill, expertise, same thing. So Dr. Phil's on a list. How many psychologists you think are enthralled with Dr. Phil? Right? You'll see the one bias in one of the things I'll show you tonight in the movie night. The attack on really the entire self-help industry. The bias in it you'll see is everybody interviewed about what a scam it all is, is degreed. And everybody they're attacking, who for the most part is making a lot more money than they are, is undegreed. And it frustrates the hell out of them. So it's totally in their way. Then it has more to do with your ability and willingness to exploit status than it does with your deliverables. Well that's a biggie for a lot of people. Because the deliverable, that's supposed to be excellent above all excellence. So Charlie did these choppers. He says, oh Charlie Martin work. And a bunch of you, I mean this is a few years ago now, but a bunch of you paid for it. Which made the fee more palatable by the way. If I had been paying for it, I'd have been unhappy. Different principle there. So is it the best I could have gotten anywhere in the country? How in the hell would I ever know? I don't know. I have no worse idea. Is it the most expensive I could have got anywhere in the country? Probably not, but close. I'll bet it's most expensive in Virginia. You hope so. That's right. But at a point, him making it another notch better wouldn't do a damn thing for him. Nor would it do anything for me. I'm a thousand percent happy. I can't be any more happy. And wouldn't do anything for him either. All what I actually do is restrict his income. Because he'd be now over investing time and money in the deliverable. Which has to reduce the time and money spent on being in the business of being Dr. Martin. Because there's only so much time and so much money to go around. So I'm finishing the rewrite right now of the wealth book. And it's due on August 7th, and it will be done on August 7th. If I worked on it another three months, could I make it better? I damn sure guarantee you I could make it better if I worked on it another three months. No point. No point. It wouldn't make any difference. I can tell you how many books we're going to sell, and we wouldn't sell any more books if I worked on it for another three months. I can tell you everybody gets it, it's go like it, and we wouldn't get any more people like it if I worked on it for another three months. But some people are so ingrained in this, that the deliverable is the passport. So if we just keep working, and a lot of stuff is sold to people this way.

=== CD2/transcription_mp3_04_-_Audio_Track.txt ===
Because it's easier to get them to focus on the deliverable than it is to get them to focus on the reality, either the lower income reality, that the quantum leap is the marketing of your thing instead of being the doer of your thing, that's hard enough to get people to shift. This shift is even more difficult, right? And it's much easier to refocus, and it's easy to sell and work on the deliverables, right? So the speaking world that I came out, the National Speaker Association, they all go to that. It's easy to get them to sit in a room and work again on how to tell a funny story funnier, how to be better up here, because this is the deliverable. And they think the deliverable is the passport, but the deliverable is not the passport. Proof being that the highest income people are not the best speakers. When I was on the low tour for nine years, the question was always asked more politely. Well, not always, but mostly it was asked more politely. But the question behind the question was abundantly clear. How in the hell can you be on this tour when I'm not and he isn't and he isn't and he isn't? Who do you got to sleep with to get this gig anyway, right? I mean, that was the impolite question behind the more politely stated curious question. And from their standpoint that the deliverable should be the passport, that the talent and the skills should be the passport, at least half of them were right. From that perspective, they were 100% right because they're better up here than I am. And it now keeps them from ever getting there where I was. So this is a very, very, very big shift. I have a bunch of reference stuff here for you behind the little divider sheet that looks like this, manufacturers of their own status. I'm just going to quickly tell you what you have so we can fit into discussion before launch. But this is not in your book, but this is such a fabulous example of spin. Pete Willow sent me this, not too long ago, found it on the internet. Some of you may have seen it, but this is actually a picture. This is a real archival historical photograph. It's not rigged. The guy being hung is Remus Reed, who was a horse thief sent to Montana Territorial Prison in 1885. He escaped in 1887. He robbed the Montana Flyer six times. And he was caught by Pinkerton detectives and convicted and hanged in 1889. He's a direct relative of Congressman Harry Reid from Nevada. So here's the statement from Harry Reid's office. Arlene, where are you? Our genealogist? You'll love this. So here, I just gave you the historical fact, right? So here's the statement from Harry Reid's office. Remus Reed was a famous cowboy in the Montana Territory. His business empire grew to include acquisition of valuable equestrian assets and intimate dealings with the Montana Railroad. Beginning in 1883, he devoted several years of his life to government service. It's the time he was in the clink. Finally taking leave to resume his dealings with the railroad. In 1887, he was a key player in a vital investigation run by the renowned Pinkerton detective agency. In 1889, Remus passed away during an important civic function held in his honor when the platform upon which he was standing collapsed. Now you gotta give him points, don't you? So here's the first thing you got is a bunch of pages starting with your page 22 about this detective. And I encourage you to go Google them.

=== CD2/transcription_mp3_05_-_Audio_Track.txt ===
and go to the current websites. This is a guy named JJ Arms, and he changed his name because he's missing an arm. And his big sudden burst of fame, this is history now, 1970s, his big sudden burst of fame is he was hired by Marlon Brando during the kidnapping incident and theoretically cracked that case. There may be or may not be more illusion to that statement than reality, but nevertheless. And so at the time anyway, he was at least by claim, and perhaps reality, he was the world's most expensive private investigator. And so for most cases, the retainer was $100,000. So you brought $100,000 to the office if you were going to sit and consult with JJ Arms. I read this in 1976. And the thing that got my attention was to put the $100,000 on the desk before you can talk to me. And like I made a note. And so if you read this on your own time, what you'll find is that he's doing a lot of stuff. No other PIs were doing. Dramatic demonstration, control of physical environment, a very dramatic physical environment, guaranteeing results, charging outrageous fees, celebrity to a great degree. He really is a fabulous example. Also started a second business, by the way. He was an information marketer. They instantly created, as soon as he became famous, they created a correspondent school for people that wanted to become PIs. And that business, if you go to the website today, that business still exists today. So he's an information marketer along with us. The choreography of the visit to the environment, what people saw when they came there, is really spectacular. So all visitors to the premises are automatically photographed. And nobody gets in without having to pass his bodyguard. Well, they're probably not threats. But that's a demonstration in and of itself. His bodyguard is some giant Su Indian guy in full regalia. Kind of a memorable image. I think he's a fabulous example of the importance of what they see. And so whether they come to your business, in which case it's easier to control it, by the way, or you're operating in some other environment, if you think about, again, that the deliverable is disconnected, and that in many cases they can't judge the deliverable anyway. Certainly not before purchase and generally speaking, not after purchase, and to some extent, not really during the entire relationship. They certainly can't comparatively judge it unless they go by everybody's deliverables to the same extent that they buy your deliverables. So I'm not going to go around a country to 10 different cities and get all this done 10 times, rip it all out, have the next guy do it in order to figure out at the end who was the best guy out of the 10. I'm not doing that. How do you know if you'd have been better off spending your 100K not having anything to do with me and hanging out with J. Abraham the whole time? Well, the only way you know, I guess, is if you spent 100K there too. But then what about this guy? So it's other stuff, right? And one part of the other stuff is what do they see? What do they see? So for a restaurant, that's one thing. Cleanliness, like important, generally speaking to people. Is the staff attentive or is the staff hanging out over there in the corner talking to each other? So Arms constructed this what they see for prospective clients.

=== CD2/transcription_mp3_06_-_Audio_Track.txt ===
that created, that supported his status. And I don't think enough people give enough thought to this what they see, whether they come to your place or your people go to their place, whatever. In thinking about this, so how many of you, how many of you have been to a one-on-one consulting day with me in Ohio? Raise your hands. Okay, all right. Couple interesting things about that. So most of you haven't. So I'll describe it. The parts of it that are relevant. First of all, generally speaking, there's sort of an expectation that there will be the compound and the mansion and the fountain and the white glove butler greeting you at the door and none of that is happening. The horse has got all the money. So if you wanna see that, you gotta come to the barn. It ain't all that pretty, by the way, but it's where all the money is. But there are things that are deliberately there for each client to see that I've had in place for a long time and been very intentional about. And that are a big advantage for me and my business compared to the old way and the traditional way of doing things, which is consultant goes to client. Big disadvantage under those circumstances. So there's certain things I want people to know that are best seen, right? So one is you see evidence of a lot of work. Cause you come into my work environment. I don't have a dress office for meetings in a work office that you never see. I have a workplace and we are in the middle of it. And more often than not, we have just cleared a space in it at the end of the long conference table, but the rest of it is covered up with projects. Most of the project stacks have little signs on them, little signs of who or what they are. I got that from Disney, when there's a famous Walt Disney story of right towards the end in Disneyland when they're good open and they were all out of money and he was still raising money from investors plus the media was coming. They didn't have any money left to plant flowers and shit. And they had weeds so all they did is make little signs with Latin names on them, didn't mean anything and run around and stick them in front of all the weeds. Accomplish is the same thing and all you need is three by five cards and some sticks. And so there's a demonstration, there's evidence that there's a lot of stuff going on and there's a lot of projects and there's a lot of work. I understand that in a typical consulting day, not all, it's certainly not reoccurring once with clients, but with a new client, what's supposed to happen at the end is we're supposed to agree on some sort of project and they're supposed to give me a lot of money. So that's what's supposed to happen. Doesn't always happen and it's not really the purpose of somebody that comes two, three, four times a year, but for the new client. So that's really what I'm talking about, is impact on the new client. So I want them to see evidence that there's a lot of projects and there's a lot of work going on. Now fortunately, most of the time, there is a lot of projects and there's a lot of work going on. But to be fair, you can put one project in one big pile or you can put it in five piles and bust it up and name it five things. You can integrate your projects with their projects and it kind of all looks the same, right? And so to be fair, you can like pad it. Early in my speaking career, I learned from, I need to convey and I used to do it, publish, he used to publish a schedule. And so if you called up and were interested in speaking him, or having him speak, one of the things you got in his packet was like a schedule for the next six months and the previous month, right? And I used to say, nobody has ever been better in the history of planet Earth at making, going to the bathroom and taking a dump. Sound like you were booked to go do something.

=== CD2/transcription_mp3_07_-_Audio_Track.txt ===
Because he had everything on this schedule was named Sutton, and it seemed like he was going somewhere and doing something for somebody, you know. But when you really microscopically analyzed it, there were preparation to speak days, there were research days, there were this, there were that, and they were marked with little footnotes and two-point invisible type. So the same gigs get counted five times. So there's that to see. Another thing that's there to see is all the books. Now I didn't go by fake books, they're real books, and I have read them. But the general reaction from people is, I don't know if I've ever seen anybody with all these books. And the smart ones then want to prowl, you know, and find stuff, which gives them something to do on a break. But it's the overwhelming, so that conveys that there's a lot of depth to this guy. Now to be entirely fair about that, there's some really old books in there that probably should have been taken out and thrown out. Years ago. And that I'm probably never going back to. I mostly haven't thrown them out because it's easier to have a guy come in and build more shelves than it is to take the time to throw them out. But on the other hand, it's a great visual. And they're not just in the neat shelves, then there's piles of them. And there's piles over there and piles over there. And I got these great vertical things. I don't know if you've seen these. They're like a metal bar with things in them so you can pile books vertically, but you can still get them without the whole pile falling over. Well those are great because they display a whole lot of books in small amount of space. So like books everywhere you turn. Well, it's something to see. There's interesting artifacts. There's things. There's weird things people have given me. And there's this thing from this trip and this thing from this client. There's the racing stuff. So the racing stuff is Ogilvy's cape and Rolls Royce. It's Halbert's sea hunt boat and the big yacht. It's your mansion with the fountain and the circular drive. It's the physical demonstration of success. Every high status, high income earner shows it somehow. Trump does it with the planes and the helicopters. It doesn't really matter. I don't think what you choose to show it with. If you like to play golf, it could be really expensive antique golf clubs and big pictures of you at Pebble. It doesn't much matter, I don't think, but it needs to be seen. It needs to be seen in my workplace where the client and the prospective client sees it. Because they didn't see the fountain and they didn't see the white glove butler and electric. So they got to see something. It's important for them to see something. Why? For a variety of reasons. Number one, they got to be desensitized to fee. You can't have them expect in a bargain. And second of all, they want to give money to somebody who makes a crap load of money. In case that's never occurred to you, it's important. They want to give money to somebody who they can see a lot of other people give a lot of money to. See, nobody responds well to the empty parking lot. So on a small physical example, what do we do when we open the new chiropractic office that hopefully is visible from the street? We borrow the sister-in-law's car, we borrow the brother's car, we rent some cars, we move them around. You don't let them sit in the same parking spaces all the time. Because when people drive by on the street, we want them to see a busy parking lot.

=== CD2/transcription_mp3_08_-_Audio_Track.txt ===
And when they pull in, we don't want them to be the only car. Same with a restaurant. Well, this is just the same principle. Why do they care whether there's a full parking lot or an empty parking lot? Because they want to go someplace that's successful. They don't want to go someplace that's unsuccessful. Same thing here. So if somebody's going to give me a hundred grand to write copy, what's one of the things important in their mind that they want to know? Am I the only jackass here? Right? Or are other people doing this? Right? And so there's lots of ways to make that case to them, but one is they want somebody to be successful. Then there's a demonstration thing I do that I can only do when I'm at home, which was one of the big advantages when I stopped going to other people's offices. All my stuff is there. Same. So I can go find things for you. Now, if I wasn't lazy, and I prepared a little more, I could find stuff for you in advance. And I could have it all nice and neatly arranged in the conference room of all the stuff that I thought I might want to show you during the day. But that's not as impressive and exciting as having you sit there or go look at books for five minutes while I go as the great hunter on your behalf into the mysterious back room and slam drawers and move boxes and come back having retrieved just the right thing for you to see. That's a better demonstration. Now, it also is the added virtue of me not preparing, which is a practical issue. But I tried it a few times. I actually prepared when I got stuff and I neatly arranged it. And I could tell it wasn't as exciting to people as having me go and come back with dust and hair. I found this for you. It didn't work as well. It didn't give them as good an experience. Yeah, it was from the standpoint of the deliverables or the skill or the effort that they were going to do with any of that. But it has a lot to do with the outcome. Now, of course, I've ruined it for any of you, but nevertheless, the last thing that happens that I very much want people to see is for the most case, most of the time none, at worst a few, but most of the time, no interruptions. Nothing happens during the day, but us, which is consistent, right, with part of the persona that I have presented. Phone may ring three or four times tops, because there aren't that many people that even have the number. And most of the telephone solicitors call after four o'clock and we're already done and gone. So the phone may ring a few times, but I don't answer it. Nobody else answers it either, because generally speaking, there's either nobody else there or Carlos upstairs not to be seen.

=== CD2/transcription_mp3_09_-_Audio_Track.txt ===
So nobody answers the phone Foxes Not a lot though because most of them go to the Phoenix office and get sorted and bundled and all that So there's not a lot comes direct to me, right? And if we're really busy if we're actually into it during day, I'll go all day and not check them So this guy's paying eighteen thousand eight hundred dollars for the day, right? He spent fifty percent of the time in the bathroom. I mean you talk about you talk about somebody with a tiny bladder This guy I mean I deliberately I Have little I have little water bottles, you know not not the full-size bottle But I have them little ones, you know I'm talking about because and I have little glasses Right because I don't want people spending all their time peeing right so I've deliberately engineered this so you drink less So you don't got to peel this guy's in the bathroom every 15 minutes He's in there for a fair amount. No, I put some interesting shit in there to reap and I mean generally speaking After two or three visits you've seen the cartoons that you it's over right? I mean he spent half his time in the just I checked faxes that date because you know might not work but Generally speaking what you see for the whole day is you see me unbothered by anything or Anybody You don't see me checking shit Phone you don't see any of that, right? And even if I did it I wouldn't let you see it I actually do it, but So that's it that stuff that I've thought about Purposefully that I want you to see How thoughtful purposeful have you been? I Let me show you what else you got this is this is an article from Atlantic City About this guy Name John Edward. How many of you know who John Edwards? Yeah, not many okay, John Edwards the the guy who's made the most maybe at least in recent times Out of the talk to the dead stick All right, so He's able to Get in sync with you and then call up your dead grandmother and Listen to your dead grandmother speaks to him and he tells you What your dead grandmother wanted to communicate to you? Obviously No Twitter in heaven Because otherwise she could have just sent it to you and saved all this rigmarole, but So John's bill is whole career on this routine and again It's not a new routine, but he does it very very well had a TV show for five or six years if you didn't say it All bunch of people in around so the demonstration occurs live and spontaneously and You got your arms folded am I are you a fan am I insulting you are you in a seance business? Are you been talking to your dead grandmother? So John's basically doing cold reading by the way, but so so so here's what so this article if you look at it With online ticket brokers charging as much as $900 a seat the hottest ticket in town for the weekend Isn't so and so so and so so and so it's television psychic John Edward There were scalping tickets at up to 900 bucks a seat in a big theater by the way not a dinky place I mean this place is full and This guy's able to pull it off again and again and again all across country pulls big audiences at big mine It's really where the money's being made now and As it said hardly television's first psychic performer But he did latch on to a bigger audience than his predecessors Primarily because of the apparent accuracy of the messages he delivered to his audience and because of TV TV I'm sure Bill and Stephen will mention it But basically, you know if you're not you're kind of dead to the main world of America if you haven't figured out how to make TV work But so here's a guy Completely incredible incredible Who is able to sustain sustain a big career high profit big income With this particular Stick now it ain't about the deliverable in a sense that we know this deliverable is utter and complete fraud Now it's harmless for the most part But it's utter and complete fraud so there's nothing there

=== CD2/transcription_mp3_10_-_Audio_Track.txt ===
Nothing. The deliverable is nothing. The skill, talent if you wish, but skill, because it's a learnable skill. Anybody can learn it. In another place in your manual, I've given you a whole hunk, by the way, on cold reading. So anybody can learn it. So the skill is only a skill of performance. It's not a skill of any competency or transferred competency. It's just a skill of performance. There is no expertise other than the expertise of how to do the fraud. So none of the real stuff is there at all. It's entirely built on created status. Now, this is my theory about advertising, right? My theory about advertising, which you all know, is that you want to study the ads in a National Enquirer and a Midnight Star, whatever the other tabloids are, infomercials, because the strategies and the tactics used to sell the incredible, if applied to the credible, work even better. So I mean, if you think about it, if we can afford an ad in a National Enquirer in order to sell people some kind of diet pill that purports to allow them to eat 5,000-pound ice cream sundaes bought at Costco every day and lose weight, gee, imagine if we use some of that to sell something that actually had some validity and might work. So the same thing is true here. So in your reference, all this reference material, people who've manufactured their own status, which I encourage you to read microscopically on your own, I've given you some people who have some validity to what they do, like JJ Arms, but I've also given you some people where there's no validity. None whatsoever. Because what they've been able to do, see, what he's been able to do, I can't do. So he's able to go in and get 3,000 people to pay between $300 and $900 a piece to come for an evening to see this fraud. I can't pack enough people in at that price to give him something I think is valid. So I've got to pay more attention to what he's doing if that's what I'm, because he's got that down. It's magnificent what he's doing. And so you really want to study this stuff without passing judgment on the deliverables. So the next big batch I gave you that starts on page 32 is a favorite of mine, which I've always paid a lot of attention to, which is televangelists and the big church guys. The big, so I'm not going to be offensive, I don't think. And we're going to talk about value later. I think they all deliver value. So I'll lay that as a caveat. But I met and spent about 90 minutes once with Oral Roberts. And it was one of the most fascinating 90 minutes of my entire life. It was really cool. I was really excited about meeting him. And so is there anybody too young? You guys all know who Oral Roberts is, right? Who doesn't know who Oral Roberts is? OK, only a couple of you. Time has passed. But Oral Roberts University in Tulsa, Oklahoma, it was all built on the back of really, he's a revivalist tent preacher, if you go back far enough, who then became a big televangelist. And Oral is, amongst other things, he's a spontaneous healer. So this is tent revival brought to television. This is crutches and wheelchairs and up on stage and boom, healed. And the crutches fly. They go off and they're dancing with the stars. Well, I mean, of course, Leachman qualifies. So now we know what you're watching. Or we know what your finish is. One or the other.

=== CD2/transcription_mp3_11_-_Audio_Track.txt ===
So the guys that build the really big megachurches or that are the great televangelists and now there's a guy I can't never remember his name it's a guy on Sundays now who really doesn't have his own place but he's a hired gun and and so they bring him in to raise money and somebody's airing one of his beer really nice and he the guy is fabulous I'll make a note I'll get it to you because you really should all watch this guy he's fabulous but the big hitter of the moment is is this Reverend dollar so how many of you seen Reverend dollar a few of you okay the rest of you you got to see it's not it's one of those things it's like going to Disney or going to high point you got to you got to see it I mean you just have to see it I mean I was on two seven hours years ago with Reverend Ike now that goes but this guy's like the modern so Reverend Ike for those of you don't remember Ike was a black mostly two blacks initially one of the early prosperity preachers and in Detroit where he started I mean he would he was carried to the place where he would preach on a big throne like what got carrying it on his shoulders and he had five rolls Royce's lined up and these big fur robes you know and that whole pitch is you know God wants us all to be rich and here I am as an example and got you know why would you want one of God's poor unsuccessful salespeople you want the best guy right and so they make no bones about it but so this is a great article from the New Yorker about dollar by the way the church last year did 80 million so this is no small player this is 80 million dollars understand there's no product I mean it's just 80 million dollars it's it there's no product I've underlined stuff for you there's a lot to be learned from him and hopefully the article will interest you enough that you will then Google and you will then find a video and so forth one point I'll make that we'll get back to two days from now but and I could have been making it all along while dollars loyal followers love his outsized personality unsuspecting viewers who chance upon his paid programs on BET are just as likely to be appalled now I thought that I thought it was a very good line because I think it is it's it eloquently describes a commonality of all high-income earners who are visible in any way is that some segment usually the majority of people who not who encounter them are appalled so psychologists are appalled when they Tony and the fire and they'll be appalled you will see tonight just how appalled some of them are and and I get that reaction a lot you know and I'm not being funny I mean I get it a lot they're just appalled you know at various and sundry things course on polished on stage this mess on and on as well as content we get it from new members in the newsletter and so I mean they're not just it is a you know a serious reaction but there's an enormous amount of stuff here to be learned from him and for those of you that only want to scam I've underlined and circled things but I suggest you pay attention to him I gave you some stuff on Dolly Lans there's an article from I don't know where it's from but it's a good article about her she suffering at the moment but she's to anybody's knowledge she's the highest paid real estate agent like ever from 1997 to 2008 she sold seven billion dollars worth of real estate 748 million in 2006 alone and she's done a few things for Trump although Trump generally doesn't like her and you will see commonalities with the others that are worth paying attention to I gave you evil can evil and again if you think about evil can evil who made a lot of money for a lot of years blew it all but that's not really relevant to our conversation

=== CD2/transcription_mp3_12_-_Audio_Track.txt ===
There's one of the, there's a guy who was ahead of this famous purely for being famous, I mean, Paris Hilton's famous for what? Just for being Paris Hilton. Evil's famous for being evil, but he did jump motorcycles over shit, right? I mean, so he did something. Now he wrecked more of them than he did anything else, and there's a lesson there, by the way. He's fabulously unsuccessful at what he was doing. But it's a great article on evil, and again, there's some real profound commonalities there, and I encourage you to go Google them. One piece of trivia that I didn't know until I did this research is he sold insurance for Clem Stone and the combined insurance companies in America, which I didn't know. My favorite, there's what I've learned from Esquire where they do, there's my favorite line. When you're mad at someone, it's probably best not to break his arm with a baseball bat. That's some real life wisdom. I was checking into a hotel, the Red Lion in San Jose, California, about 11.30 at night, and a desk clerk is on the phone to somebody telling him that his credit card's no good, and he's got to come down and take care of it. A few minutes later, here comes Evil Can Evil out of the elevator, and he's got a bathrobe on, and not much else, and he comes up to the desk, passed me, grabs the guy, drags him across the desk, and is beating him to a bloody pulp. I thought, probably not a good time to ask for an autograph. I gave you an interesting article about the guy that owns Cirque du Soleil. You might not like the methods described in the article, but the principles are valid. I gave you a Vince McMahon article that is all relevant to what we were talking about, and I gave you another Ogilvy. The last thing I gave you in this section is an article about Madoff. There are many, of course. Again, a lot of people think they saw something new there. There's nothing new there. It ain't as big as it's been made out to be, because they keep counting all the fake profit that's been paid out and the total amount of the money. The total amount of money taken in is maybe down 20 billion, something like that. It's still a decent sized chunk of change, and perpetuated it for a very long time. Again, I say the same thing to you I said about John Edward. And that is, forget the thing and understand the power of what he did, because if you apply strategy to something real and honest and not criminal, so much the better. But guys like Bernie historically over many years, who are able to separate apparently smart, intelligent, successful... Now, it's one thing, the guys that do the Mickey Mouse Ponzi schemes, and they got Harry and Bertha who work at the Ford plant giving them $3,000. There's not a lot to be learned from that. These guys, Bernie, the guys that did Homestake Oil Swindle, Bernie Kornfeld, if you go back, these guys, these guys took money from people who by every possible circumstance should know better and got away with it. So there's reasons why that money moved from them to Bernie. And the reasons are valid in every situation. I'm not suggesting anybody go steal from people. The reasons are valid though. If you had a chance to see it, last night's episode of Leverage on TNT, which TNT replays their shows 12,000 times in a week, so you won't have any trouble. There's a monologue in it, because the show's about a small-time Bernie Madoff type guy. There's a monologue in it, maybe five minutes, where he's explaining...

=== CD2/transcription_mp3_13_-_Audio_Track.txt ===
to the federal investigator and the cop how it is that He's done what he's done and it's it's worth having in a transcription file. I mean, I'll get it eventually but it's very well done But so there's an article there About made-off that I think is is well worth Reading Is just the impression the big impression I got when I first went to your basement was everything you said but and on top of that I don't know if this was intentional or it's worse just the way you live your life And I think it's probably just the way you live your life was all the uncast checks laying around on the conference table well Well, there's two things about that One is There's it it happens to be as you say real But they don't have to be laying out on the table They They do lay around for a while often before they get cashed as you very well know I mean you didn't see fake checks because you know yours have laid around long enough that your bookkeeper's been concerned and so Well, it's like a chore, you know and And I it's not like I need to get the money in the bank and you know now There's a few people if I got a check from it, you know, you press it right away because You know, it's unlikely to improve with age but But but for the most part I'm in no big hurry so a couple times a month I'll do bank deposits, but But they don't have to lay out on the table they could be in a drawer right Sometimes it's random chance and so Frankly, it doesn't oh, it's not an artifice that is always there You actually were probably there on a day right after two or three other people had been there and Sometime in the last week or so and their pile of stuff and their check is still late Now but sometimes I keep the check on top of the pile of the work because that's how I get myself to do the work And I have to trick myself into working so so sometimes the check stays with the work for a while But there's no doubt that it has an impact. I mean other Other people have commented you know as as well and And so The reason for example at an impact with you is because what message does it send? Exactly don't that's exactly the message is I don't need your money Okay, I don't care if we do this thing Or we don't do this thing. That's also the message of all the work It's the same message, right and The important part about that is is it's much easier to get money from people when they think you don't need their money that it is If they have any sense at all That you do need it, right? I mean part of made-off was Him saying no no no no no no no no no and everybody having to fight to give him money So Nice that you noticed. I'm sure not everybody notices certainly not everybody comments But more often than not you are good to see Uncached checks laying around you are There's a psychological thing to I believe in like Programming myself to be a little casual about those sorts of things but But I did notice that It Quite a while ago years ago. I noticed that it has more impact left laying around Than in a drawer, right? There's not a lot And I think this is true by the way of all high-income earners there's not a lot I do by accident for very long Now I may discover it by accident But generally speaking I'm doing just about everything on purpose Maybe I'm overthinking this but I understand what you're talking about as far as the status and sort of developing your story and Kind of the pound the chest kind of It's sort of what you were saying. So how do we balance that between then Putting that into copy and weaving story into copy as we're doing things without making it now all about me well We were really really willis and I were laughing My favorite president the other day in the middle of a press conference made a big point about

=== CD2/transcription_mp3_14_-_Audio_Track.txt ===
It's not being about him. I'm like, you got to be shitting me. But there's a difference between not selling benefit and not selling outcome. So the typical I, we copy problem is the corporate brochure with dad founded the business in 1812, and we make the best steel girder, and we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, right? And we know that's a problem. Generally speaking, if you narrow it now to selling something, the customer wants to hear about things phrased and framed as their experience, not as your thing, right? And there's copy devices for doing all of that, right? So we don't write about how we have at our restaurant this magnificent patio that replicates being in Monte Carlo overlooking the water. We simply, we start to substitute. Imagine being in Monte Carlo, so we substitute that kind of language, right? However, most copy, most sales pitches, however they're delivered in whatever media, print, direct mail, ad, ads are often space restricted. So there's an additional complication. Website, webinar, tell someone or whatever. Are not nearly enough about you, has they ought to be? Because as I said earlier, ultimately, that's the differentiator. That's it, right? One of the things I'm going to show you tonight, which was so far ahead of its time. Now, it's primitive by today's standards. And you'll be tempted to laugh at it, but you ought not. Because it's from the early 70s. So I'm going to show you a 50 minute video. And it's primitive by today's standards, but way ahead of its time for the 50s. And in this respect, it's still ahead of what most people do. So I'm going to show you a movie called, it's called Turner, Turner, Turner. And it was a recruiting film for the Glenn Turner companies when they were already in trouble. So it's a recruiting film for Coscott and Dare to Be Great that was shown at big opportunity meetings before they did the opportunity. And you will see it's really all about him. But in a way that delivers benefit and so forth, and you'll see that too. But if you compare it to almost any DVD presentation, any info marketer, opportunity seller, chiropractor, dentist, anybody is using today and sending out, forgetting the mechanics and the fact that they're wearing goofy clothes. But you'll see he did something nobody's doing in focusing it all on him. And you wanting to be so connected to him that the specifics didn't matter at all. You could plug anything into the back of it, and it wouldn't make any difference. The other thing I'll say quickly about just narrowing back to copy is a very big and common mistake, especially when you're selling to the same people over and over again, is not telling your whole story again and again and again and again and again. Because A, we think they already know it. And so they don't need to hear it again, which are really two entirely different things. They may know it, but that doesn't mean they don't need to hear it again. And we get sick and tired of telling it, so we don't feel like we want to tell it. But it's an integral part of the reason why. So it's a very common mistake. John could very easily make it. John Duquesne could very easily make it with himself or with his main asset, Pavel, the kettlebell king, because he sells the same customers over and over and over again. And he could stop telling the legend, thinking they already know the legend. They don't need to hear it again. And we're sick of it.

=== CD2/transcription_mp3_15_-_Audio_Track.txt ===
It does need to be about you, but it can't be in a way that doesn't now make them want to be hooked to you. And the last thing I'll say is, again, I would give different advice about that to people not trying to transcend a certain level of status for a certain level of income. And so, if we were doing a regular marketing seminar and talking about copywriting, you would get a different answer than the answer I just gave you. Hi, my name is Lars from Denmark. So, about this being appalled business, are these techniques, strategies, tactics, are they universal? Or is there a limitation, or is there some audiences that wouldn't work? No, there's, well, first of all, there are always people eager to be appalled. So, there is always an audience that will respond that way. Given that that is the case, there is always now the other part of that audience, which tends to be a minority, by the way, but they're the most valuable who respond exactly the opposite to the majority. So, when the majority is sufficiently appalled, there's a minority you are resonating with like there's no tomorrow. So, for many years, I've outgrown it in terms of its ability to pay me what I want to be paid. But for many years, I did a lot of business in the National Speakers Association market. Association members and non-association members, but largely association, consulting clients. And I would say that a good, if I stood up and spoke somewhere, a local chapter, a seminar, they never let me at the convention, but well once. They were regretting it though before I even did it, which is kind of funny. So, it wasn't a problem after the fact, the problem was before the fact. But I would say a good 80-85% really appalled and offended and annoyed. But the opposite person had been waiting to hear it and now is like drawn like this. And no, I don't think there's a place, I don't believe there's a place where this doesn't apply. So, if you watch our politics at all, consider Sarah Palin as polarizing as can be. So in upstate New York about two months ago, which is largely a democratic area and it's largely a liberal population, she pulled 22,000 people to a rally. They didn't come from upstate New York, they came from every place just because she's going to be there. That's not going to get her elected president because you actually need nearly a majority to make that happen. Well, because we have an electoral college system, you don't need a majority, but you need nearly a majority. So it's not going to get her elected president, but it will make her a shitload of money. Because the vast majority who are repulsed and repelled, then there's this minority over here who are drawn to her as if she was magnetized. So it really depends on what you want to do, right? But if she wants to make a crapload of money, she's got it about right for the next two years. In terms of celebrityizing oneself, how do you feel about doing things like newsletter guru, king of copy, I think you're the millionaire maker with a caricature. I was thinking about becoming anointing myself, the Sultan of Seller Finance. Well, look, there's an issue of cute, not cute, and that's sort of market sensitive. But back to the self-anointment and the creation of that self-made bubble in which you live. You'll find more do than don't, more have than haven't, and therefore if we're going to play the odds, we would. And there's sort of the casual moniker thing, like millionaire maker, yada yada. The more important is sort of the, what do you want to be known for to a specific market, and that reinforced again and again and again and again and again. So now if you go into your depth material, I'll give you, and you look at Ogilvy, you look at arms, you look at every single one of them. You will find that they have carved out that sort of a position, maybe not cutesy. In some cases, cutesy, I mean Ogilvy walking out of the cape, right? But they have carved out that for themselves and have used it at least for a period of time. Because people need a way to have you in their head, right, that has differentiation, that has separation. And so generally speaking, I'm all for it.
