Okay, well we've got a lot of cool stuff in store for you guys today. You guys had a good time so far than last two days? Awesome. Good good. I just wanted to kind of really quick just map out where we've been and where we're going today so you guys all have a really clear picture of everything and then I'm gonna do probably just a few minutes of like Q&A's a couple like ah-has and they're gonna introduce it Hand it off to our next speaker someone that I'm very very excited to be hearing from And so I'm excited to have him here today with you guys He was the one if you guys remember last night he made the P90x joke, so that's how we can all remember our next speaker so Okay, so This is this is kind of a quick recap of what we've what we've obviously gone through over the last two days So the big thing we're talking about obviously are automated webinars bringing people in Building out the whole funnel everything we talked about There's this whole part and this is the the webinar part The high ticket webinar part so that's the the majority obviously of the structure stuff I've talked twice or so or maybe three times I can't remember now all about that whole process Dustin talked about how to be a rockstar and how to really be the person that's got the Dynamic characters in that and then we've had some speakers coming in talking about the traffic part of it How to start bringing traffic with Scott come in remembers what Scott talked about Media buys great. He showed you a bunch of stuff. He's got to do an olive Frank Kerns media buys So there's all the media buy stuff Rachel came in what she talked about Social media social list building. He has like Rachel. She fun You should all like subscribe to her blog cuz like it's the funniest things like once we could get I feel a rant coming on And you have her rant about something, you know, it's just like the funniest thing in the world So Rachel talked about that Taggart talked about SEO some really cool SEO stuff. Who else has spoken so far. Oh, yeah Dave. So How can I forget Dave Dave helped you guys script out the presentation? Okay, is anyone else spoke Dustin talk to Dustin someone else Okay, so oh I talked about affiliate stuff. I sure just had to get a whole bunch of affiliates. Is that pretty good stuff? Taggart talk to SEO we got that in there Okay, so that's kind of where we're at so far So today's presentations are kind of could be building on this model one thing I like to do at events I like to make sure that's not just like, you know Most events you go in there. It's like one speaker talking about this thing in a vacuum Just like here's this weird concept and here's other constant always like concepts right? How do we like mesh like how do we mesh these things together and something's actually gonna make me money? So this is why I want to kind of map this out So you see this is the process we're going through and this is kind of the the reason behind it obviously You know it always makes me laugh when people are depending where they're at their business But they get in they get involved and they start buying all these traffic courses and about all this stuff and if you buy I'm so confused about traffic I can't figure out PPC or media by what I should be focusing on a Michael. What are you selling? And like I don't know yet. I just trying to figure out the traffic part I'm like there's a whole step-by-step process here you guys We've got to have the thing first as soon as you have the thing now You can start driving people into the thing and so my goal here was to help really illustrate that process One time when I was I spoke in in Dubai like two years ago and the whole concept when I spoke out there that it was a cool It was a really cool presentation the whole concept we're talking about is how to build This magic box, okay And this is like the direct response magic magic box Okay, and the whole point and the whole goal of direct response is to build a box you can take one dollar over here You plug it into the box and on the outside the back end of the box out pops Two dollars Okay That was like the whole premise of the of the of the of the presentation is really fun talking about it because that box is like This is your product right and there's different boxes and boxes are good some boxes that are horrible It's but how do you make that box worth the most amount of money if I can make a box that I put a dollar in I get dollar 50 out that's a pretty good box I'll dump a bunch of dollars into that if I can put a dollar in and get four bucks back out or five bucks back out Obviously, it's even more exciting for me and that's why this whole automated webinar stuff. So exciting I think it's the best box where you can increase whatever you have right here and and increase it so much more back here So then obviously our processes and then figure out after we've built this box out after we've got that part of it built How are all how are all different things we start dumping into it because on the back end is that gonna dump out hopefully a lot more money Okay, so with that yeah, Alex It's working. Yeah, don't bring back up on So reliable they love it and make sure you bring up your pink mouse while you're there too, please All right, so one of our presentations today is Pete and I'm sure Pete's here You might be upstairs working on his presentation Pete is the guy who a lot of people are selling high ticket stuff You guys have bought many people's high ticket products like 2000 to $5,000 products Pete has built a lot of the back-end like training courses for all those kind of those companies a lot of people like the internet marketing space Some real you know real estate space things like that So he's been talking about how to actually build out your high ticket coaching program A lot of people are kind of stuck on that like I get the pack I want to sell something for five grand, but where do I get this thing for five grams? He's gonna help you guys walk through that process. So that's what he's gonna be talking about I think it's Pete before lunch or after lunch Is that lunch? Okay So he'll be talking after lunch About that about that part of which is really cool So if you guys don't have a high ticket thing yet make sure to be part of the be part of that presentations Can help you guys figure out how to build it? Right after this Luke So we've got a the other presenters are gonna be More traffic people so one of them actually before I talk about Luke one of them is gonna be Patrick I'm not sure Patrick's here yet or not Patrick's gonna be talking about email media buying and I'll introduce him before he speaks but I'm I hired him about two years ago Paid him or yeah two years ago. I had a higher paying $5,000 for a day He taught me how he was when he was working for a Gora publishing how he was doing all their email media buys Which is going in and finding newsletters of millions and millions of people and buying these little tiny ads in these in these newsletters And driving just insane amounts of traffic a Gora is probably the only Information marketing company in the world is going to do over a billion dollars in a year And that they're driving a huge percentage of their of their traffic all through these online media buys in fact it's interesting So Mary Ellen Tribee she used to she used to run early to rise which is one of the branches of a Gora She took early to rise. I can't really exact numbers But they were somewhere like at six or seven million dollars a year Mary Ellen Tribee came in within 18 months there It's like 80 million dollars in a year like she's just phenomenal So recently Ryan dice actually just hired her so we're now to dice his office who were talking to her and what she said was just Was just one of the most brilliant things in the world which just proves how brilliant she is But she said the problem with all you internet marketing guys is she's like all you guys you have the exact same philosophy And you're all wrong She's like the reason why I can come into any of your businesses and take you from like four or five million to 60 70 80 million within a year is because you guys are all doing the exact same mistake So this is what all you guys are doing. She's all you guys. She's like it's the equivalent of Creating a Broadway play. She's like you guys go out there You hire the best screen writers and best script writers in the world the best actors in the world you rehearse you practice you everything perfect You go out there. You do you big product launch? Okay? She says it's equivalent of going out there you go into town like Boise, Idaho You sit down and you launch this play and everybody loves it's a smashing success great reviews in the newspapers Everyone's excited and that night you after the plays done you shut down shop and you figure out what's next play We're gonna build so that's exactly what all you internet marketers are doing She says what I do is I take that play that already works. It's already great She's like I take it on the road we take from every other city around the world And we make tens of millions and hundreds of millions of dollars from that exact same play I said that when she said I was like crap. She's right How much time and energy do we spend in launching these these products these businesses and then we're on to the next thing? We take any one of these assets and you start focusing on driving consistent traffic taking it on the road and applying now applying immediate social Me then applying social discipline then SEO start applying all these other things now You're taking it on the road and that that thing that you may can be that's worth hundreds of millions of dollars Instead of just making a million bucks off and now you can make 10 20 30 million bucks a year and keep growing and growing it Okay, can you imagine taking your business from? six million dollars a year to 80 in a year and all you're doing is taking your exact same thing just adding more traffic streams into it Okay, that's really what they do we were out there. She was showing us what she does she goes into Again, this comes back with Patrick will be talking about but she'll go in and she'll test it She'll buy like a little tiny solo ad or not so like a little like sponsor ad instead of a newsletter And she'll test it and if it if it's profitable and it makes money then she'll come back and she'll buy the full ad That which you know the full the full email if it runs there It's profitable and she'll go and she'll buy the offline list and start sending media offline But she wrote the book. It's called changing the channel and we heard that book It's really cool It's all about changing the channel going from from internet to radio to TV to boom boom boom like changing the channel on your market Really fascinating, but anyway, she's a great person So Patrick should be talking about the email media buying and then we've got because I'm a big fan of Offline marketing if you guys know anything about me at all It's one of my big fascinations and the two like the two things of offline marketing that really appealed to me the most Especially when it comes to these webinars is radio and postcards And so I think I told you guys before and I'll introduce Luke here in a minute But I'm I bought his course initially I went through the whole thing and and we started using it It was just like such a simple easy strategy and we started in the webinar stuff I was like this is just like a note like the whole strategies to drive people in the webinar It's just like the most easy simple best thing in the world one of the most profitable things too So Luke's gonna be coming talking about postcards and then Frank It's Frank here yet So Frank and I had a wrestling match out in the hall yesterday some years may have seen it So I found he was a wrestler really excited. So Frank's gonna be coming Frank's the radio guy He's gonna show you guys how to do how to run radio campaigns and really cool as well right now Phil same he's running Phil same's radio campaigns for his webinar a couple other ones So some really cool things so again it comes back to after you've got this box built and you got this thing working and functioning now How can we start adding in multiple different streams of traffic into it? Okay online offline and more the more diverse you can become the better So that's kind of the goal for today to start adding in more of these elements here pretty nice back in there as well Okay, now really quick. I wanted to show you guys I'm gonna load this video up for a second so can oh good good. Okay, so I wanted to show you guys Just a couple automated webinars are working really good right now I'm gonna show you guys just Phil same's kind of the process with Mike Phil same's Mike Dillard If you've ever seen Mike Dillard that he launched last week my dealer just launched a brand new webinar off the same platform that we use In our in our CPA network, and he's crushing it right now So I was trying to find his but I couldn't get his to load up here So I'm gonna show you guys Mike Phil seems really quick. What do I need to do to make it? Make it go up how do I make it shrink first off? Where's our smarter people in there we go Okay Okay, I haven't seen this one before So I'm gonna show you guys as much of the process I can show you right now Obviously there's a lot of things happening behind the scenes this whole thing But this is the basic process so someone comes here to Mike's webinar registration page There's a video from Mike right here every time and what is it that? Regular businesses aren't doing that nearly guarantees failure 80% of the time All right, so this is pretty important stuff the next thing I'm gonna be going over with you something called The quadratic quadratic formula this is something I Okay, so this is how Mike's thing if you come and watch it the script is kind of good In fact, it's kind of funny because him Sheffern and Dillard all of their scripts for their their landing page videos the same. Let me show you how it works They're sitting in deaths like this. Oh hi. How you doing? I was just working on slide and finishing the touches on the slides for my webinar I'm about to do let me show I'm gonna talk about and they walk over and they start like it's just hilarious But that's all there's their scripts are working Hopefully mine won't be that cheesy when I see it But anyway, it's kind of funny It's work for one do so they're all doing it now It's kind of like just remember Frank Kern did this this video using the car cruising down like talking to camera How cool he was and like he made a crap load of money with that right so then after that there's like 80 people came out Like their car video hey, how's it go? It was just like the funniest thing So I'm sure you see 20 30 more people with the whole like oh, hey, how you doing? I'm working on my slides right now for this presentation Okay, so there's the script now Again, remember we talked about after you build out this whole fun We have a whole thing every day is coming in like figuring out how can I tweak a little thing and change a little thing I just want some interesting things if you look at this right here You know Mike's obviously adding new things this all the time right there You've got the retweet things said 3983 people retweet that video This is a little thing at one point in the process like let's test this let me throw this on here boom So we had 3983 people that have tweeted this bringing in more people okay You heard Rachel talking yesterday about that word because each of those people could have a following of a thousand two thousand five thousand people I'm standing with Facebook that four hundred ninety four people have shared this message So bringing out viral traffic back into the front of your funnel doesn't cost you any money Now one thing I like the way Mike does his Remember we talked before about how people are learning different ways You've got your people that want to watch videos if people want to read copy There's different things like that this kind of like speaks to both to both sets of people You've got the the video version right here come right here now You have the the copy down here that also comes back and gets you to register as well So you kind of have something for both both sets of people here Okay, so that's the first thing And one thing excuse me to take note of like you're gonna need different landing pages for different Verticals you're going in as well for example if you're doing like PPC advertising In Google you've got to have like this whole like the whole copy everything's that we way different like saying I'm using trying to make one point seven four million dollars a year in In in Google will never fly they're gonna slap that thing in about two seconds Okay, so the copies have to be completely different So you have multiple landing pages for each traffic source as well. I'm sorry. I had a question. I saw a hand. Yeah This is webinar registration page Not yet see right now what he's doing remember shows yet Kind of walked it through on whiteboard but step number one He's asking is what day do you want to watch this webinar? Okay, so we have a webinar happening Tuesday Wednesday Thursday and Saturday Which one of these days would you like to attend the webinar? So the first step is asking everyone so I'm like, okay Well, cool. How about I do the webinar on? Wednesday the June 15th that'll fit best for me. So you then he clicks on this Takes you to page number two now and page number two. Hey, it's Michael same You're almost done now all you have to do is pick what time on Wednesday You want to attend this free webinar event? Just choose the most convenient time that works best for you Don't worry about time zones the times are all set for your local time So if you choose 2 p.m. Then on Wednesday, just be at your computer at 2 p.m. Your local time and you're all set then just put in your name and your best email address So we can send you a link to the webinar by email after you register We'll send you a few reminders because you don't want to miss this now If you want to make sure you get on the webinar on time make sure to choose the SMS text reminder option Just enter your mobile phone number and we will send you a friendly SMS text reminder to your mobile phone five minutes before the webinar starts This will ensure that you get on before it fills up. We respect your privacy. So register with confidence So register now and I'll see you on Wednesday. Hey, is this the scripting behind that? Yeah, I'm a big scripting guy but listen he first off talked about how Give me your email address come to email you the link to the thing Okay, because before something that's thrown their fake email because they're gonna give as soon as that like oh crap I need to get the link emailed to me so I'm gonna put my right email address the text and say or the script to get them To put in their text and number. I'm all those things are very important Okay, so come here. So I'm gonna come in okay. Well, that's time for me is gonna be 8 p.m. That Wednesday. So I'm gonna do that My name is Felicita and my email address is that and they're right here This is kind of cool. You click here to see if you want the text message and the whole thing pops down Cool. I want a text message. I'm in the United States My number is blah blah blah. Let me click on there. Okay, so that's step number two of the process Darn one shopping cart come on Okay, so then this is his registration page or is that hi, it's Michael same thank you so much for registering for the event now Okay, so we've looked here a couple things he's got there important It's got the person's name right here, which is nice customizing it. So Logiska showed up here Admittance the time everything there and one of your goals you want to do this up then we learn I learned originally from Alex Mendoza with Health seminar secrets is people are gonna forget about the the webinar So your goal is to get that person to print out the the registration you have next to their computers They can see it so he's come back print this page sync your calendar times are even converted for you loud So he's pre he's doing all the pre stuff for this person so that he can get that person's attention as much as possible During that period of time. She have all the stuff right there now Here you can see a couple things now. He's trying to figure out how I got his person active captive They're very interested How can I get this person now to come to invite more people to bring him back to the very beginning of the funnel? So he's got his tele-friend script right here. You tell one friend you get an instant bonus here is if you Give you two referrals through Twitter you get a bonus Then here's your download you get this the special report and this this report is all about pre-selling Pre-selling what's gonna happen on on the webinar setting up and here's all our success stories This is all stuff. He's doing in on page to get them prepared for it You can then refer more people and things like that Okay, and then after you opt in that you'll notice there's a whole sequence is happening through email as well A bunch of other really cool stuff, but that's kind of what you can see on page in real time No, he's using he's actually using same software we're using our CP network Yeah Yes, yes, yeah, and in fact depending on if you use us international It's true. There's different cell phone text message carriers as well. So yeah, there's multiple There's multiple text message carriers if we like said if you guys do the stuff where I'm building out the webinars for you We'll build all that stuff for you. We'll put in the the US based text message company the international We'll build all things out for you. So it's very systematic, but yeah, there's basically No, it all happens automatically some types it in is it's missed different databases on real time. It's all automatic if you set it up Yeah, you can yeah, we'd be a nightmare to manually take it. Don't forget the webinar Okay, I'm gonna see if the sun will pull up really quick or not Hope it does Sweet okay, this is my dealer. So this is the one that just barely launched See Notice hey you've got me working on my slides if you found your way to this page It means that somebody you know thinks you'd benefit immensely from a webinar that I'm about to hold over the next few days on The topics of the economy making money and how the ultra rich invest their money today during these very interesting times And in fact, I'm just putting the finishing touches on the slides that I'll be presenting during that show. Oh man Okay, so this is dealer. I might come watch the whole video seven minutes long But this is his video again same processes bring them over here My Mike's using the same script we use in our CP network. So this is the same script you come in here pick the date I'm coming on a Wednesday. So I'm gonna reserve my spot. So that's step number one Step number two now is hey Mike here and this is the final step needed to complete your registration This is Mike's affiliate link for his webinar He's coming here. So again, you see the procedure step one choose your date choose your time to get your free bonuses I'm gonna choose 2 p.m. That guy's gonna join again And then again same text messages thing put in your text messages. I'm I'm in Aruba And I'm not gonna do this. How about one to spend money on me? Please submit the registration page It here's this confirmation page again, it's got the person's name Mike here again Congratulations on registering for the black box investing strategies of the rich webinar The first thing about dealers movies watch this like coming up my this shot and the shot inside of space And back over here back over here saved your seat. So you are confirmed at this point, but okay It's got a date and time so I printed out here's their free bonus video. He doesn't have anything in here to try to To get others referred. I'm sure he'll go back to adding more things like that But notice his big call to action is to print this page out. Okay, if you didn't print the page out They're way more likely to actually show up. Okay. Yeah, Alex So Hey Mike Dillard here and if you found your way to this page it means that somebody you know Who wants to know what's behind the curtain that webinar that I'm about to fold over the neck Yeah It's very cool. See I see how kind of process works. So it's nice about when you're promoting these again. This is The the barrier process is so much lower because it's not like a typical email systems promoting or a Facebook ad We're like hey come by my crap. Okay, it's come back and saying hey, there's this real live event happening I'm gonna reveal this this and this come check it out come register. Okay, so that's why I mean like often rates are higher Can conversion rates and landing page like also so much better just for the fact? Excuse me that it's a live event. They're selling and it's just it changes the whole dynamic of everything that's happening Okay, now all these things are automated these webinars are happening all the time day in and day out One cool thing about this script that we're using here in the back end. That's awesome Is it also it takes an account like holidays? So if it's like 25th of Christmas is on Thursday people right there's no way Russell's seriously doing four webinars on Christmas Day It pulls out like Christmas Day and pulls out the major holidays So you don't look like you're lying to people and it's some really cool stuff like that so anyway, that's why I want to show you Mike's and Mike's and Mike's just you can see the process of how how both of those work. So and again those are something That's how basically the process. Yeah Get fake likes I said we get fake likes. I'm sure there are isn't there fiverr and yeah Mechanical Turk you've got buddies Bots yeah, there's way there's ways to get fake fake likes and stuff like that I'm sure it is but like at the same time. I mean it depends how you're promoting initially like if you if you're Pro, it's your own email list. I mean, you know Pretty quickly you'll get you'll get a couple likes right out of the gate But it's not like that big a deal if it if it's you know, like two or three on there Especially if you're like this my new webinar just launching it you'll get two or three likes people realize those It's brand new things just happening. I mean, so you say it's a brand new thing You've got 8,000 likes then that's almost like the opposite the opposite effect. You know I mean so anyway very powerful system very very Very systematic how it works so Mike launched this one just this last week and he's crushing it with it right now He's selling the three two or three thousand dollar thing on the back end of it But I reckon if you guys is is read it like go find these kind of things and watch them and again Just do the process like watch the emails that come back to you look at the text messages Like just model all those type of things so you can you can have all those things okay? Let's see The last thing we want to do here Well real quick did anyone have any any other questions about webinar process before Yeah, he wants to let a lesson on micro commitments really quick so this is interesting an interesting process so This stuff that if you look in the CPA networks at all And you see the process people are taking through it used to always be like come this page And here's this huge form like you know Someone commit like maybe that's for an email next page like here's all your credit card information It's like oh, that's like there's such a big commitment there And so you look at the guys that are really good in CP and ever say master the art of like micro commitments You come in and they're doing like little steps little steps little steps so page number once maybe hey Give me your name email and your shipping address when ship you this free thing and then page two is get what credit card You want to put it on okay, so it's kind of micro things out since what makes the first conscious decision It's amazing how much easier is getting the next thing the next thing Ryan dice had a had a product called the metabolism calculator in the fitness industry It was really cool software and at a time this is a couple years ago I was talking about he was getting like a 70% opt-in rate on the page And what's interesting about it is you come the page and never asked for your email address It was not threatening at all for people's basically come in here give us your way give us your you know Two or three little elements and click submit and we're gonna we're gonna give you this report So put those things in and all something says generating generating boom your report has been has been completed What email address like is email to people like oh send it to here send and just it was such an easy thing because they'd made a Little commitment, so then making an experiment was not difficult at all similar things it comes here They came in like oh, I don't have to give my address and I know I have no commitments just got pick a day I'm gonna do Thursday, but now they're engaged in it and now so much easier taken through the rest the rest of the process Okay offline direct mail guys have been doing this to kind of stuff for years. Have you ever seen the the old? Newspaper ads and stuff like that. Well, here's the here's the ad in the newspaper It's got like your headline and it was like three columns of all this junk and then down here There's like this there's like this box down here You guys just missed my whole the action of me drawing that was the best part You guys can't miss this part. Okay, so you see those pages like this they come down here They got a big headline up here And there's like three columns of text and then down here at the bottom There's the the box right here and you just like a little checkbox and like sometimes there's like a picture of scissors And it's like cut out this little coupon and mail it back to us You think who in the world is gonna freakin cut out this little coupon and like you know Check the little box and put an envelope and glue it back when they started doing that guess what happened Okay, the response shot up dramatically because now people are involved like I gotta cut this thing out And I gotta you know people were at the at the grocery store reading the magazine like ripping the little piece out so I could take It home with them. Okay, so you engage people we start the engagement process. It's like a slippery slope. So they're in there It's like I'm already in it. Okay. I'm part of this whole thing Okay, small commitments lead to bigger commitments which leads to the big buying came so you want to have happened Okay, it's all about it's all about getting people to make and keep small commitments That's how this whole process So you're dead on step number one is to make a small commitment and then um and then to grow it from there Okay, really quick. I've only got a few seconds left here before I'm gonna be done I just want to know because I know a lot of people been asking just tons of questions Last night I made a dinner with a bunch of you guys asking questions about what exactly my offer was and again Mine wasn't an offer. It's kind of like I'm recruiting people so I just want to kind of give you really quick exactly what it is So that anyone has any questions, please let me know because I know there's a lot of confusion We basically have two two packages or two offers that I'm making I'm off number one is where I will take your content and I will build out your whole webinar process and one of the one of the three software programs I showed you guys yesterday, which everyone fits the best for you guys. You basically give me the webinar I will personally write the landing page the scripts the emails the text messages will build the whole thing out and give it to you That's that's package number one Our cost to build that are obviously not cheap I'm not making a lot of money out of my main goal is to give you guys the magic box And now you can go out there and start doing all this cool crap. We're talking about So the cost for that is $10,000 for us to have our team of designers and me and everyone build it out The second offer is the CPA network and the difference in this one is basically the same thing The first step of it is we're taking we're building the whole process out in my in the same software That Phil some uses the Dillard uses that we use we build it all in that software That's first things. It's got a lot of the other cool features in there The next thing is we're included in our CPA network. Oh, excuse me. Let me jump back real quick The other thing on this back here is if your webinar is a good fit for me in my list I will promote it to my list. Okay. There's a lot of webinars you guys have in here that are good a great fit Where did my buddy go? It signed up yesterday He slept in he signed up. He's like I don't have to be here anyway He's got a really good webinar on PR stuff. He signed up for the $15,000 CPA network one But obviously it's a great fit for my list as soon as we build it out I'm gonna promote it to my list and he's gonna make back his money like 30 seconds So and then from that point now, I'm gonna brokering JVs with him and building it all out because it makes a lot of sense It's a good fit So if you're if your webinar fits a match with my list I'm all promoted if it doesn't fit for my list I've got a lot of connections in most industries. I'm all introduced you to least three JV partners I think would be a great fit for you Okay, so if you can't make the least one the two sales off your webinar and make your money back in the first one You probably shouldn't be in this business. So that's the that's the first offer right here and again So I'd Russell promote it if it's gonna fit for my list And if not, I'll introduce you to three people that it would be a good fit If you get one of those people to close it, you should make your money back really quick Okay, the second offer over here. It's $15,000 and the difference is we're building out in my software The way it works is basically we build out software, but you guys still merchants your merchant accounts plugged into it So when you go and the sales happen you collect all the money and then you pay us to go out and start paying the affiliates Does that make sense? Okay, so we go out there We have our whole team of people that are recruiting affiliates and actively bring him in the network the real big evil You guys want to my evil whole purpose behind this whole thing my whole evil purpose is the other day One of my friends really close friends. We did a webinar. It's called mystery FBX You guys seen that webinar we sold $100,000 with the stuff on this webinar is a great webinar I was really excited and I got text message from Mike Hill Mike's like hey, I saw that webinar is a good I'm like yeah was awesome. He's like cool. I want to promote hook me up So I introduced I introduced Paul and I introduced Nick and I introduced Mike and they went off and they did another webinar And they made like $150,000 in that webinar and from there then then we can hook them up with Ryan Dyson They had 300 something thousand dollars Ryan Dyson. They started making money all these other people and I was like crap I like helped hooked up all these deals and I didn't make any money on any of these this thing sucked I said what if what it would happen if I would have this kind of and they were doing all live webinars And what if we build out something's gonna convert twice as well? We put it in a network and I start bringing in 20 30 50 guys to promote the thing I'm getting a little cut off every single one the deals in the middle. I thought that's a lot better So that's kind of what we're building this thing out because I've got tons of relationships Everyone wants promote webinars right now, and I want to make money. I want you guys make money So that's the evil reason behind this I'm gonna make money on all your guys webinars Which you guys mind if I make money if you make even more money. Yes, I'll cool with that sweet. Okay Yeah Okay, so if you if you get the power day with either of these they knock five thousand dollars off the power day So you can get the power day in this for 20 grand the power day wait 15 and power day this for 20 that right okay math is not my strong suit. So that's kind of the just behind that So the so if you get like this in the power dates 15,000 this in the power days 20,000 She's say five thousand dollars if you bundle with the power day and the reason why we do that is because if you come With a freaking sweet script. We're all gonna make a lot more money. So Anyway, both of these you will make your investment back from the first webinar if not then I don't know. I'll help you do a second webinar and then by that point you should be your investment back pretty quick Let's see the other thing with it was the other thing on this Oh the way this does work there are other other costs so basically one thing that happens There's a seven percent processing cost that I have to use for the back-end software So as soon as the first cell says they sell thousand dollar product seven percent Comes back to us to pay two things first off the software cost and second off to pay our affiliate managers You're gonna be recruiting affiliates and bringing people in to sell your stuff And then the second thing that happens is you come in when you create your offer and you say you say basically Russell I'm willing to pay out 60% commission on this webinar. I'm willing to pay out 40% of fit whatever percentages You're willing to pay out you let me know that and I go and I broker it with affiliate So I'll come in and I'll get affiliate I'll say hey come in this thing and I'm gonna go in and you're gonna get 50% Let's say you told me that you're willing to do 60% I'm gonna make the difference between there so basically I'm gonna make my money off the affiliate side So it's not cost you as any money to have me going out there to actively recruiting and bringing people and that's how I'm gonna Make my money on it. The other thing about it. That's really cool is Remember I talked about the very first day how we did our cells how we how we motivate ourselves people with sliding commissions or sliding scales So on Monday they come in and they're at 14% they make their first sale now They're at 16% then 18 and they on Saturday killin they get 20% We like to have some room with the with the percentages there Where I can do the exact same thing with affiliates where I can come in initially and say case an affiliate You're gonna make 35% off every cell or 40% of every cell But if you can get over 20 cells, we're gonna bump it to 45% or the 50% Okay, and so by that way I can do you have some leverage there to do some really cool stuff You guys to promote it over and over and over again and and add it to their cells funnels and much stuff as I can possibly do That sound cool. Okay, so those are my basically come my two things. Yeah This one is basically I'm building the entire webinar process in whatever software you pick and then give it to you and you run with it on Your own and that's kind of the relationship ends at that point. So the one is I'm building to my software We're now recruiting affiliates. We're putting you in our network We're doing a whole bunch of work to help promote and build and grow this in long term now for just to kind of an example for this as Well, so Scott rewrote this here yesterday. He's one of our partners in this thing. So he's coming through and like He's gonna be buying Facebook ads and things like that for my offers if we can get we can get where the numbers work Where your offer works in Facebook? And he'll be also buying Facebook ads and we'll just take the money to pay him out of that that 50 or 60% So there's a lot of other really external things with Frank This can be talking there to with radio stuff if it's a good fit for radio Obviously, I'm incentivized to sell as many of these things as possible and it's in this point because I'm making a cut off every single thing as well so like if it works with radio will get the will help get the radio campaigns built out will help to start building all things because That point we're pretty much partners We're all making money together and and I've got invested interest in making sure you guys make money with this Okay, so we made obviously the prices aren't cheap at the same time doing a webinar I think the worst the lowest person in the first day that shared a webinar made $8,000 from their first webinar So if you can do two webinars, you're at least break even Thank you lowest I've ever made on a webinar is about 30,000 the highest I think today is about 180,000 so like one good webinar you can I mean you should make 10 times your investment back So that's kind of the offer but then you have a really sweet box you can get money in money pop out the back That's not cool. Okay, so you guys interested in this? This is not something we're trying a lot of people for I think we had four People that already signed up for it. I had the bandwidth maybe to handle about six or seven Our build-out process on either these probably take about seven to ten days when we start which means when we get your webinar back And that's all we're trying to do because I can't go and promote 50 people's webinars and network We're looking probably six or seven that we can start rolling out with initially and so if you're interested Our coaches in the back. Let's just ask them. They can let you know any other details are asking me Either way, this will help speed up your process. You've got the webinar So you start applying all these magic tricks that we're showing you guys and start making money quickly sound good