Okay, I'm gonna jump into this you guys. I've got a lot to cover but I will know everyone's hungry. I'm everyone's dinner time So I'm gonna go for probably next 45 to 50 minutes or so. We should be done by 7 I know there's a basketball game tonight. A lot of you guys want to get to 2 If you're hungry take a big drink of water and then let's just go one more round Anyone here ever vendor Tony Robbins event? You remember when he went to that event you didn't eat lunch or dinner and you got done like three or four in the morning every night For like a week and a half. So that's what we're gonna do today Okay One other thing they want me to mention if any guys are parked we have like Validation passes or whatever so you can get your in the back. So if you park the car you get free parking just asking for it back there Okay All right guys, so this is what we're gonna talk about this last session We're gonna be walking through the sales process for for your automated webinars We're walking through step by step exactly how we're building it out for the last five six months Or so we've been doing a lot of work as affiliates with people with automated webinars Really mastering the system finding out the sales processes and now we're in the process of building out a bunch of them on our own And so I want to kind of show you guys exactly what we're doing what the step-by-step process is where we're taking people because this is how you You tweak the this how you get the the dollar per liter the people that are registering on your for your webinar Hey, you get it. It's changed from from making you know $20 per registered to 30 to 50 to $100 and beyond is by understanding this process and figure out how you can tweak it How you can change it how you can improve every single piece of the process? Okay, so the better you understand this process the more you can map it out the better off you're gonna be now some of you guys have been To our workshops we're doing boys the Idaho we do works we we have no one this year But we still want a quarter we will come to our office and we we spend three days there buddy in the end of it Our goals have everyone kind of whiteboard out. This is that your business plan your business model What your sales funnel is gonna look like? and one of my favorite things to do with With with people came to our offices and so the end of the day if everyone would leave the office basically say, okay Here's my driving traffic from here. Here's my landing page I'm gonna ask to name an email address and I'm gonna come over here. I'm gonna sell a $27 product and from here I'm gonna take them. I'm gonna do an upsell of this we kind of map out this whole entire process with them Then we talk about the traffic sources are gonna focus on so when people left our offices said this is our blueprint This is what I'm gonna do when I get back home. Okay, and you guys saw Dustin when he spoke earlier today He mapped out he said he was in an event like this He mapped out his whole sales process kind of mapped it out and then we went home We started implementing it and you saw that like the after we had a nice picture layout of the entire sales process Okay, so one of the most important things you guys can do this weekend I think is really get this part of it mapped out So I'm gonna map you out through exactly the way we're building are exactly with the people that are making the most money Now are building theirs and you can look at that and just kind of make your own and kind of tweak your own and change it based on that Okay, now one thing I want to show you quick. I'm gonna show you just More of a basic model. Let me show you the more advanced model The basic model is actually if you guys are interested in what Frank's doing again I'm just like Scott's talking about a big guy that models everyone I like to go I went through Frank's process three or four times are recordix I want to see every single step what they were doing and their process is actually one of more simple ones And he's using his own in-house call centers got four or five guys And they're following a script. It's very similar to the first script. I gave you guys yesterday or that was earlier today. Wasn't it? Yeah, what time is it? So the script he gave you earlier today that first sales script is very similar Kevin nations is the guy that's running all for Frank's little sales team there And that's things pretty much the same script that Kevin uses in their cells really really interesting and they're going there So an eight thousand dollar product. So if you look at his sales funnel, it's very simple. It's not complex at all You drive in you got your webinar here and basically he's picking three Three dates and times on on the webinar and we go on the webinar you sit through it Who here's been on the webinar who here's watched the process a bunch of you guys have seen it You go through a webinar I think webinar 60 to 70 minutes long and he's all talking about High-ticket big-ticket type things. Okay. Now. What's interesting is Frank's not going after low-ticket people He's not trying to teach people how to make money doing little things. It's big-ticket stuff Can you look at the real estate industry the reason why most of the real estate industry does so well? Selling from stage and things like that is there basically what they're pitching people is is You know for ten thousand dollars twenty thousand dollars and get this package But when you flip a house your first house you flip you're gonna make 30 grand It was very quick for some to see exactly how they make their money back So if you look at Frank's webinars, it's positioned very very smart The whole thing is positioned on from a standpoint if here's how you make a lot of money really really quickly Okay, and he sells the thing for eight thousand dollars, but he's teaching you how to sell an eight thousand dollar package So you make one sale your break even your second sale now you're back in the profit Okay, so that's what he's teaching people how to do high-ticket stuff because he wants people to see that value So this whole webinar the whole webinar is talking about how he does high-ticket stuff I make eight thousand dollar sales blah blah blah blah blah blah and at the end of it He's not selling a product on the webinar at the end of the webinar He's selling a strategy session and strategy sessions for free But he sees the whole 70 minutes the whole goal of this entire webinar it to sell someone into a strategy session Okay, the strategy session you get on the phone He's they're basically using script number one that we gave you out earlier today That's the strategy session looking at your business trying to figure out what you're selling and then at the end of it They sell for eight thousand dollars. I believe it's a tele-seminar series or webinar series teaching you how to do high-ticket stuff Okay, so that's that's a very simple at some some plastic Model but it works really good and the reason why it works so good because this thing you sell them back here is 8k Okay, it makes all of your numbers work so much better when you're selling a really high-ticket thing back in in the thing Okay, he was talking that scholars talking about that you spend in between two and three thousand dollars a day for for Frank We're running running media through Facebook for this for this offer But all he's got to do is make one sell a day and he's already making these he's profiting four thousand dollars a day off of one Sell okay, so suddenly you can hire someone like Scott and pay him a lot of money If you've got a big big enough take a thing where it covers it covers the the ad cost really really quickly Okay, so that's the way Frank's doing it now. I'm gonna show you what I think is a Little bit better of a model not the Frank small is not good He's making a crap load of money with it, but he's got someone that's got to be sitting there on the phones So I really wanted my kind of rebuilding our whole business with this one to figure out a way It's completely automated. There's no one on the phones unless we wanted to we could really have this whole thing closing and making money 24 hours a day whether I'm sitting anywhere or not My evil goal don't tell you for my company this is to get this whole thing set up and then just fire them all because I won't need them at That point I'm just joking So anyway, this is a this is basically the process now There's gonna be a step-by-step thing the very first thing I want to talk about and for any guys who are at the Kennedy event I talked a lot about this at the Kennedy event I talked about the whole lifeline of a lead you guys never be talking about that one of my favorite I love that presentation because we talked about every single step of it how to maximize it So I'm I mean kind of be doing that but more for for the automated webinar when the very first thing that's so important The most people don't think about is before someone ever gets to your webinar. What's the very first thing you're taking him through? Can we call this the pre-frame? So the pre-frame is that thing you're taking someone through? Before they come to to your website, okay? I learned this concept originally from Mark Joyner He was one of my very first mentors and he told me a really powerful strategy He basically said not all clicks are created equal so a lot of people think they are but they're not He said if you go to a website and you see an ad that says Russell Brunson sucks He stole a bunch of money from me. I hate him. I hope he dies click here to see his new product And these two another answers Russell the greatest thing in the world I made $80,000 last year because of what he did click here to see his new product which one's going to convert higher Okay, obviously it's not that difficult of an answer to look at but that's the pre-frame you're sending someone through Okay, and pre-framing is such a little thing, but it's such a big thing at the same time There's a book called sway some of you guys may have read the book in sway they did this They did this really cool experiment They had a classroom of like two or three hundred students in college and they came in there with the with these students and basically They they they they took away the regular teacher brought in a substitute teacher and before they brought the teacher and they said We want you guys to to know who your teachers I'm gonna send out this little flyer Just gonna have it kind of a bio of your teacher and just read the bio before they come in then they're gonna come in and Teach you for an hour so they hand out this paper to everyone in the class now What they didn't know at the time is there are two versions of the paper and both versions were almost exactly identical There's only one word was different on the two pages both me said this is the teacher He graduated from Harvard He did this and this and all these great things the teacher did and said the only the only thing that and one of them It said that some people consider him a very warm teacher You know what said and some people consider him a very cold teacher Okay, that was the only difference was warm and cold in this whole bio Okay, and they hand out to all these students just randomly and had all the students sit through his his presentation after they read that and then after He left they surveyed all the students to find out what they thought about the professor Okay, it was really interesting So surveyed everyone what they found is almost it almost a perfect split everyone who had the paper that said he's a very warm teacher The end of said this guy's a great teacher. He's very loving He's carrying look cared what we thought about him about what we were teaching and it's the greatest teacher in the world And all people to have the paper that said he was a cold teacher while he was a jerk I don't like the way he was talking to us. He was demeaning to us and just the whole perception was different Okay, all based on one different word. Okay, so the pre frame you're bringing some into your website through is such a huge thing It matters so much more than you would think Have any guys seen like the fake news sites or the fake blogs and things like that? Okay, there's a reason why those things work so good, okay, and yeah most people do know unethically But there's it's a pre frame you're bringing someone through the pre frame they're bringing through is hey 300 pound woman and boys the Idaho lost 2,000 pounds using this this miracle cream. Here's my blog post about it Okay, so yeah, mostly guys do unethically but look at the process Okay, the reason why they're doing it is because it works so they take them through a pre frame now They're coming to add and that person's a thousand times more likely to buy because of the frame they entered your website through Okay, so I'm not suggesting go making fake news sites and fake blog sites But you can do the exact same process do it ethically get one of your successors get one of your students and have them blog on their blog About how great you did and drive people to that person's blog and use that as your funnel to go through okay There's a lot of ways to do that, but the pre frame is such a big thing Okay, so it's about the ad it's the landing page all these things are happening before they ever get to your site Okay, so pre frame is a big part of it The other thing to think about this and this is something I like to talk a lot about because I think it's such an interesting topic If anyone's ever studied NLP before you know that people respond to things in two different ways people either move towards pleasure or away from what? Way from pain. Okay now traditionally most most people when they're making their buying decisions What do you think they're moving towards pleasure away from pain? Most people moving away from pain. Okay, they're not they're not trying to lose weight because they want to look great and be healthy It's because they're tired of being fat and tired Okay, they don't want to get to make money because because they want to be a millionaire and have these big houses and all sort of stuff They want to make money because they want to fire or they want to leave their boss They're tired of these type of things. Okay, and so what's interesting though is entrepreneurs most Most people they make their decisions based on one of those things all their decisions in life Okay, when you were born somewhere along the line You kind of made this decision subconsciously that I make decisions towards pleasure away from pain When everyone you've chosen your life you kind of usually follow that thing Okay, think about your life really quick now for yourself personally to look at yourself really quick for a second I wanted you to think do I make my choices moving towards pleasure on average or away from pain on average? Okay, and who here in this room are our people who who make decisions based on moving away from pain Okay, who in this room makes their decisions based on moving towards pleasure Okay, though What's interesting is in any other room besides an entrepreneurial room the numbers are exactly flop the other way Okay, people that are entrepreneurs traditionally move towards pleasure. They want this they want this That's what drives entrepreneurs is the pleasure They want the excitement but 99% of our society makes their choices based on moving away from pain So one of the biggest problems we make as entrepreneurs is thinking people think the way we do so make our landing pages based off of Pleasure pleasure pleasure whereas the people that are actually buying or actually senior sites are trying to move away from pain It's what we like to do is like to have different ads different landing pages based on both of those So I have one ad is saying how to how to fire your boss and get out of debt and one ad saying how to make a million dollars And we're gonna send each those people to different landing pages because it's gonna speak differently to each person That makes sense. Okay, so my pre frames back here now. I'm driving to the landing page. I'm trying to figure out Which kind of person they have pleasure person are they a pain person? There's other things you can you can segment these people by as well one of my really close friends He runs a company and they sell a cream for women that does stuff for women and I'll leave it at that and Anyway, he said the whole landing page up and this whole sales process They built was all focused on women how to get you know how to use this cream to help enhance all these things and make you really Happy right so they were selling and doing really well with it at first They were pretty excited by it and one day my buddy was walking past the support desk And he was heard a support person talking on the phone Try and explain to this guy how it worked and then how it worked You know all these things and and the person was just like so confused on the other end And so after their support person off the phone. She's he built and when an astra said most people calling her the men Are they women he's like every one of our phone calls are men They're so confused about how this works, but they want it to work for their for their significant other She's like that's really interesting. So he stepped back. I want to run a test really quick So what it is they took their normal landing page Here's their normal landing page and And they kind of step back and they said let's let's do a page ahead of time that we drive excuse me mess that up So let's create a page ahead of time for driving people down here. Let's create a new page on this page is basically gonna say If your man click here if your woman click here had some other copy on there Basically just was man or woman if they clicked on man There's a whole sales message focused on men if they click on women whole sales message focused on women Well, they found it was like 75 to 80% of his visitors and buyers were men only 20% were women Okay, we think that does to a business when also you start speaking to the right person Okay, they went from a good campaign to a winning campaign They made hundreds of thousands of dollars a month ever since that after making that little tiny tweak It's figuring out who your customers actually are okay So you can figure out from them are they mad at the women are they are they moving towards pleasure away from pain? Everyone's got different things that drive them, but it's important to find those things out You can you can really sift and sort those things when you're driving traffic when you're running the ads because different ads Are gonna gonna pill to different people okay? You want to drive those people the messages that that are similar to them throughout the rest of the process because if you do that It makes the whole rest of the sales process a thousand times easier, okay? so that's the first thing now you're driving to the landing page they're coming to a page and Tomorrow I think either right be right after lunch. I'm doing a presentation I'm gonna show you guys probably the six or seven best software programs right now for creating is automated webinars All of my different pros and cons. I'll show you all them at that point So I'm gonna show you like the ideal situation again some of the software will do all these things some won't I'm gonna show you what this is like the ideal thing if you could build out the most perfect model What it looks like and then we guys are deciding on software and stuff you can kind of just pick and choose So the first thing we do is we're driving to a landing page now Traditionally what we do on the landing pages with with automated webinars It really works the best is first thing you're trying to try to figure out what time is the best or she what day is the best day for Someone to attend that webinar Okay, the worst thing about like a traditional webinar is usually it's like I'm doing Thursday night at 7 p.m. East or 9 p.m. Eastern time be there or don't be there That's a big problem because a lot of people are in the UK a lot of people Thursdays their date night with their wife There's a thousand different issues. We try to give choices of three different dates. So landing page number one is basically You know a sales video whatever and they're saying pick which date you want to want to do it Thursday Friday or Saturday Which every day you want to do so then they pick K1 probably best Saturday is probably the best day for me That's the day I have off. I'm gonna pick Saturday. So then from there we drive in this step number two Step number two is gonna have Depending which day they pick is gonna be different. So now we drive in here if they pick, you know Friday Here's the Friday page Saturday Saturday Sunday Sunday and now at this point we pick three different times Okay, do you want to be on it? Five o'clock at night seven o'clock night or nine o'clock at night Okay, and we give them the bill each use different times now the good software that's out there not all of them do this But the really good software that's out there what it'll do is it'll find out the actual IP address of the person that you're at And it'll it'll match this to their time zone again The worst thing in the world is being the UK and all these Americans How are you K people here? Okay, just to you guys you guys not hate Americans for the fact that we do our events like at 9 p.m Eastern it's like 4 in the morning for you guys outside of me though, right? Okay, I know for a fact that a lot of a lot of our students is very frustrating for them Okay, so it's cool about the good software It'll actually match to their local time of their local computer so it's 7 p.m For them that's when the webinar is going to start okay, and that's what you want because now it's again We're trying to put it on them as much as possible We don't want to be like listen when I'm doing the webinar show up then or you miss it Okay, we want these people to be on the webinar so cater them as much as humanly possible Okay, so the good again the good software actually sync it to that person's computer time so that it's going to happen exactly when they're on on the event Okay at that point they register for for the for the event and then there's kind of this gap here before the event happens Okay, and I'm gonna come before I get to that part Let me kind of step back because there's a lot of other really cool pieces that you can do here So one of the other steps you want to do at this point right here Scott kind of talked a little bit about this briefly There's a concept. I'm sure a lot of you guys probably heard about bannery targeting You want to set a pixel on your landing page So because if you have a good a good landing page even if you've got a great landing page You're gonna get 30% of people to opt in okay You got a bad landing page looking at you know five or six percent of people if you got an amazing one Who knows some people keep bragging me saying they've got like 75% opt-in rate, but I think they're all lying Okay, so I have no idea you want to put a pixel because what's gonna happen is people are gonna come and then they're gonna leave And what bannery targeting does basically it sets a pixel on that person's computer And you can start following them around and start showing ads based on some that came to your site You know I first learned about this when I when I was looking at different auto responder services And I went to a site called eye contacts and he has may have heard of them or use them When I contact and afterwards I left and I started going to all these different websites like MSN and all these things and everywhere I went I saw eye contact banner ads everywhere every single side I went to and at first I didn't think they were even a very big company and then after about three weeks of this I saw these literally every side. I want you just eye contact ads banner everywhere I was like these guys have got to be the richest people on the internet because they are on every single person's website And it was just like an amazing thing for me And then I found out later about this concept of bannery targeting how it works all it is you said a bit You said a pixel on that landing page and you say follow this person around you can set the metrics on it too Google's got a good battery targeting programs other ones out there You can set the metrics and basically say I want to show this banner ad two times a day for seven days or five times a day For 14 days you can kind of say exactly how much you want this banner to be shown And you can test and tweaking kind of match that to figure out exactly what's What's the best I was talking to Ryan Dyson Perry Belcher They said that kind of the metric they found is the best right now They show the ad twice a day for seven days and that's the best the kind of the the formula they use Okay, so that batter is gonna be shown that someone so what happens is all of a sudden your your opt-in rate Let's say you're getting a 30% opt-in rate You'll be following those people around banners You might be able to increase that to a 35 or 37% because all the people who missed it They start seeing you out everywhere and also like this person's got to be rich because they're everywhere They must know what they're doing because they're everywhere and starts building your credibility You get a lot of people who come back because they start seeing that everywhere. Okay, bannery targeting is some really cool stuff Okay, so that's the first step in here in the process Okay Now next things now we come out here They've registered for the webinar now You've got a gap and the gap is different depending on when they registered because let's say they came up to your landing page on a Wednesday and they registered for Thursday's webinar It means you only have about it one day before there's jumping on the webinar But if they came on a Wednesday and the webinar that's night for is on Saturday You got like a four or five day gap in there before they sign up and they show up Okay, so again some software will allow you do some some won't allow you to do this But you're gonna create a sequence in here depending on when when they registered so if they registered again on this day I might have three email sequences the rest are here I'm have a two-day email sequence and here I'm have a one-day email sequence to get them Before the webinar okay, because before you get the webinar my goal now is to try to prove them ahead of time This comes back to pre-framing again, okay? I'm pre-framing them now for the webinar They're gonna be showing up my webinar really really soon here How can I pre-frame myself as good as possible so many I show up on the webinar they know that I they know who I am and they're more Likely to purchase from me after the webinars happen. Okay, and so these sequences can be very simple. They're basically For us we usually what we're using in ours are just credibility pieces So anything I've ever been on the news we're taking that segment and asking me email They're sending out any of our success stories from students We're gonna be putting that that in the follow-up series as well case the email coming out the day before as hey Thanks again so much for registering for the webinar on Thursday. We're really excited to have you there before you show up I want you to see this really quick video one of our students made who went through this webinar You know four months ago I want you to see exactly the house affected their life go watch this and it's work side to see you on Tuesday we're excited to see you on Thursday whatever it is okay see how that works So we're building that up We're pre-framing before they show up on the webinar and again depending on when they show up Depends on how long that sequence is going to be Now the next step is what we do back here on this landing page here. We're also asking for their cell phone number Not as a required field, but as an optional field And what happens if they do see if it's their cell phone number about 60 minutes before The actual webinar starts we text them with a reminder Okay, and I can't tell you how powerful this is I can't have times in webinars or tele seminars And the worst thing in the world is when people they they want to be out They completely forget about it and text messaging is by far the best It's better than email it's better than anything is email if they let's say they register for Saturday night at 9 o'clock at night And they're on a wait date with their wife and they completely forgot about it to get back in time They're not gonna see their email okay, but they might get a text message like oh crap And now I gotta get home so they go watch the webinar and that's gonna remind them and what's one of the best Strategies for getting people to show up is just doing a text message an hour or half an hour before the event to get people to show up It works fantastic, and it's really cheap. Okay So I got that process here now you got people that are on the webinar Okay, here's your webinar now Again different softwares can lie different things, but the good software what it does is it'll start watching someone that's on the webinar It's gonna tell you a whole bunch of different things about that person okay and What we do is from here we kind of break off into different trees the first tree we have are people who didn't show up to the webinar Didn't show up Next to me as people who showed up But they left early Okay, they show up, but they didn't say to the call to action They stayed for 30 minutes, and they bailed they stayed for 10 minutes, and they bailed the next thing they showed up and they stayed for the entire call to action and So she left early yeah So it's kind of the three chains now bring people off of from there So no shows they show they left early and they show and stay till the end and from there it breaks off into two more things They stayed till the end and they either they bought or they didn't buy They go okay any BYU fans are BYU instead of buying okay, so that's basically the process that's happening here now What's cool depending again pencil assistant user how you're following up now? I've got a whole bunch of really powerful list segmentation stuff Okay, a lot of people ask me like how do you segment your list? How do you blah blah blah blah blah? This is what is powerful because you have the ability to start segmenting lists based on a whole bunch of different data Okay, and you have a whole bunch of things happen based on what happens to them Okay, so they didn't show up on the webinar This is now my first list segment case. I'm gonna come back here. I'm gonna drive out here. So here's my didn't people I'm gonna have a whole segment a whole follow-up series for people who didn't Didn't show up the webinar okay email one email two email three email four or five one or two I might be trying to get them on another live event And then from there I'm gonna start pushing him to a recorded event to a recorded version a bunch of other things I'm gonna talk about those in a second. So those are your dens Here's the people who showed up, but they left early I'm gonna have a different segment for a different sequence for them basically saying hey, I saw you wrong But you left early here's another version of the replay where you can just fast forward the part you left off on Okay, things like that We can get them back on because they saw something but they had to leave for whatever reason they have a whole different follow-up series for that person there hold them follow people for the shows or for the The show ups and and did buy and didn't buy okay, so you guys segment all those type of things So you started a whole bunch of really cool list segmentation stuff Okay, now Yeah, it's all this segmentation stuff now from here there are basically a Couple a couple different ways that we close people okay now everyone in here You guys all have a specific way that you like to consume content am I right okay? Who here likes to read a sales letter who likes to see exactly the office to read the entire thing? Okay, who here would prefer sit down and watch like a video to see the video of how the whole thing works Okay, who would you say prefer like sit down and watch a webinar showing the whole process? Okay, so we got kind of a different thing now What's interesting is that everyone consumes content in different ways for example if you send me a DVD with your sales Pitch on I would never in a million years watch it I just I'm never gonna send up my my computer and put on a DVD and watch it But there's a segment of people that's the only way they'll watch and consume content for me. I'm an audio guy You send me an audio I'll throw it in my car when I'm driving. I'm gonna hear it and listen to it That's the only way I'm gonna consume your content other people are readers They want to sit down and read so what we realize is that while Webinars one of the best ways to get someone into the funnel because live events are exciting They're fun people want to be part of this event a big percentage people will never show up We're never gonna watch so you gotta start figuring how can I cater to these people? How can I sell these people in different ways to close the sale? Okay, so we do with our webinar in fact if you guys interested all I'd be willing to send you guys the script of our of our The one we're launching in about two weeks from now. We have the entire webinar Scripted out word for word for word the whole thing is scripted out And the slides are all scripted out then we took that exact same thing We made a whole sales letter version of it took the exact same thing made a whole sales video version of it Okay, so you have three different versions of the pretty much the same content just packaged in different ways Okay, so with the no shows if they didn't show up and I can't get them to show up to a replay I can't get them to show up two or three different things my next thing is a what other type of media How else could they possibly consume this so I might say send that email saying hey, you know, it may be on day eight or day nine You didn't you didn't sign up you didn't put you didn't see it show up the webinar Maybe it's not time to sit down How about this I've got a free report you can download so give you the gist of what's on the webinar go this page print it out Sit down and read it at your leisure Whatever might be so now I drive to sales letter version of it Okay, what's gonna happen is gonna be a whole new slew of people who actually was sit down read the sales letter That by that wouldn't have ever bought from the webinar Okay, then I come back maybe two or three days later. So hey, so I sent a report last week some people didn't do it So I actually made a really quick a really cool video. It's gonna show you exactly What you missed on the webinar go check it out and that video can be almost the exact I mean for us it's the exact same content as the as the webinar just the intro is a little bit different how I intro a webinar versus How I intro a sales video case I'm giving them three or four different ways to consume the content Okay, and each way you're gonna pick up a whole new a whole new group of people Okay, so you have your readers You have your watchers you have your event attendees Okay, we're starting me all different things based on that. Okay, then we start looking this whole process here Again, I talked earlier today. I talked about kind of the timing of things I talked about when we were doing our doing our whole call center It was basically about the 28 day period that we want to get them on the phone if we get anywhere You know about the third week we get them on the phone at that point people were ready They were prepared and they were ready to buy that thing Okay, so for me, I'm always a big and like looking at the timeline things so here's the whole timeline Now if you look at this, you know, someone's gonna see this ad that say they see it on on a Wednesday They register for a Thursday webinar. They they miss it. They don't miss they get three or four emails So about seven to ten days are be going through this sequence after about seven to ten days if they haven't done something I'm taking the action you've kind of lost a person at point They're not really gonna keep you have to get to do it create a new event or new exciting thing to get them re-energized Right, you've been conducting every day for ten days and they haven't taken action yet You probably miss kind of miss your shadow. Okay, because people are very are very much based off of Like what they want right now and if they haven't focused in in ten days you kind of lost them so we're doing now in this process is um You come back to our sequence at about ten day ten after they've gone through this whole process And they haven't purchased the day ten now We've got three or four guys who just pick up the phone and calling those people saying hey We saw you register for the webinar ten days ago We sent you videos we sent you a whole bunch of stuff haven't heard back from you just interested See if you if you had it if you're not interested and then we have a salesperson at that point close the close the Close the cell for us now talking to Dave today at lunch about this when we were doing this with our call center we used to do like a big webinar and We get all the attendees on the webinar and we'd sell as hard as we could at the end of the webinar We make a good chunk of money right there And what we do is we take everyone who registered for the webinar and showed up a didn't buy we call them next day on the Sales floor and we usually had about a 48 hour Block of time where you call them on the phone and basically at that point Someone didn't buy because there's like one or two reasons why they didn't buy they're close But they just need some they have some concern some answer We're able to on average more than double our sales on the phone the next in the next 48 hours Whenever we actually close on the webinar, okay, which is huge I mean it's not I mean it's going from a you know from a 50,000 our webinar to 100,000 our webinar just by following up on the Phone the next day so that's kind of what we're building to our sequence as well. That's about 10 day day 10 doing that We're also building we just switched over to infusion soft. I'm gonna use infusion soft Sorry you guys it's I know So we should shift it over because there's some really cool stuff kind of annoying at the same time But it's for what for what all of us in this business are doing you probably need infusion soft It's actually pretty good. We're also setting up after the sales Sales call we're all setting up a sequence where we send out like a physical version of the print version of the sales letter out as well So we're just we're just taking all these messages everything We've been trying to communicate through email through phone through a direct amount taking the same message and keep following up with them Okay, well you see when you start looking at this we talked earlier about this And someone's registering for webinar They're starting in again. Let's say you get a point where you're averaging $20 per register, which is a great I mean that's great And then you add you add this step in the sequence you change this you tweak this they get $25 and $28 and just keeps increasing and increasing and increasing Okay, when I went out and I flew out to Rich Sheffern's office and I sat down with him He mapped out the sales process said all we do we come in every day. This is our business. We look at this right here We say okay, what should we split test today? Let's put test headlines over here and see how we can what'll happen if we do that They'll change one or two things like that and they sit back drives more traffic just watch it Oh interesting that helped increase this by X amount or this hurt by this amount they come back next day Let's change this or is add one more message and follow-up sequence Let's change you know just keep tweaking these and all they're doing is look at this this thing They built and it's tweaking a little thing here changing a little thing here and making it better and better and better Okay, that's how you improve your business That's how you guys have heard me talk about us before my big things in our company is how do you give yourself a raise every single day? Okay, and the way you do it's not by going and launching new product and creating new stuff and adding more work to yourself It's coming and building a solid process like this get it working. They come back and say how can I improve it? What can I tweak? Okay? How about if I add another and one thing's rich chef and added that shot up his conversions on day? Like 10 or 11 in a sequence He didn't do a sales video, but he actually went to an event like this He spoke and he sold the same thing at the event that he sold on they sells on his webinar But it's him speaking in front of a whole big huge audience of people So he just he basically sent out on day I don't get in day 10 or 12 whatever it was a video saying hey, I spoke this event people pay $2,000 to be here I want you to come check out this video and it's him pitching the exact same thing you pitch on the webinar He was telling me the numbers that were at was like an extra like 20% increase in sales because now they consume this content in a different way They can now consumed it in a live setting that looked a little bit different gave more credibility and things like that Okay, so all comes back to how can I tweak this? How can I make it better? What can I add? What can I change? What can I move and just getting better and better and better that makes sense? Okay, so who who is that getting as excited? This gets me excited something you build out once and then it's just coming back improving it making it better and better and better Okay, so like said tomorrow. I'm gonna be talking about I'm ensuring you probably five or six different software programs that you can use To build this thing out all my different pros and cons and things like that one thing I want to mention not because I wasn't planning Actually talking about us tonight, but I know that some of the coaches had some questions for people They kind of mentioned some stuff one of the big projects We're doing this year as a company and this is this is the first time I ever talked about it. It's really exciting We spent about two years ago We went and invested about two hundred fifty thousand dollars to build out a CPA network How the networks that Scott was talking about we spent all this money building infrastructure everything and the day we launched CPA network We had a whole bunch of free plus shipping offers we launched CPA network the exact same day They have seeking out all the pressure against free plus shipping type stuff. It was perfect timing For a huge investment. So we spent all this money So we ended like literally we launched it and then like that afternoon We shut it back down and stopped to kind of see what's gonna happen and and we haven't touched it since so we spent like I said over Over a quarter million dollars building out its whole entire network and I which is yes, Steve shaking his head You under you shake his head you can understand the frustration on investment like that So just recently in the last six months as we started doing all these Started working with all these people who didn't automate webinars. We're driving a bunch of traffic and scene I said that what I'm making is affiliate driving traffic to something like this is ten times I ever made selling any other products like the I hate people want me to promote regular products I'm like give a webinar anything I can sell because I'm making more money so we started doing this for all these people and One of the things we started building behind the scenes is actually a CPA network, but the whole CPA network is based off of Webinars like this where the only offers within the CPA network are automated webinars just like this Okay, it's what we're doing right now is we're actually working with about four or five people that I'm really close friends with the building out Their offers were built on their whole automated sequence just like this We got some some custom proprietary software That's not when you could buy off the shelf that actually does all this stuff all like the ninja really really cool stuff And so like so we're building about five people's offers right now to put in this into the webinar network And so they had talked some people about it during the coaching meetings If you guys are interested something like this if you have an offer that you think would fit for this This is not something we're trying to get everyone into if you got an offer you think would fit for for like in our network We could come with you guys and actually build out this whole process for you with our software And then in the network then that the CPA network Maybe knows how CP network CPA network works You know the CPA networks brings in good offers and then brings a good affiliates and then kind of takes a cut in the middle That's basically how it works in this shows we're bringing in people that have good webinars people that have good converting webinars We're bringing them into the network. We are also bringing in a whole bunch of affiliates I'm going to take a cut in the middle now these people all be promoting promoting webinars So again, this isn't a fit for everybody But if you've got an offer you think might or a webinar that's good or you have an idea for webinar This could be something that maybe you guys might be interested in is as putting in our network So I see they're talked to me about it or talked to Renee and talked to the other coaches and just kind of they run by them Say this is my different the webinar It's something might be a good fit for Russell's webinar network Obviously, it's not cheap for us to build out the entire process. There's a cost involved But the cost is in compare is is tiny in comparison to what we actually make from your first webinar Okay, the very first I mean who who was it that we had everyone to do the webinars earlier You know a bad webinars gonna make you 10 grand good webinars gonna make you 100 grand We're gonna be building out the process. So obviously I've gotten some some incentives to make it work good Especially for the fact I'm bringing my network of affiliates promote things I want to make sure that they're converting good Otherwise doesn't make any sense for me to be to be bringing people in so Anyway, so that's kind of not a pitch But just kind of if you guys are interested let us know or let Renee and these we guys know We see if it's a good fit for you And we also have another division that we're working with a whole team of programmers and designers who people who are really good fit For the CPA network, but you've got an offer. Let's see you're you're an offline business or you've got something That's good. You don't really want to be in the CPA network We have a team of designers and stuff and programmers who have been working on these four or five different software programs That's how we know kind of the ins and outs which ones are good and bad They built out these automated webinars for our clients and a lot of different software We also have some some services like that that if you're interested We can take your webinar and help build out this whole process because for most of us Don't get kind of intimidated gets to the technology part of it. Just kind of frustrating And so we take that part of offer you because we're really good at that. It's not that difficult We can bust them out pretty quick and Anyway, so if you're interested in either those type of things That's building out this whole process for you or us Us building out and bring you inside of our CPA network. We're bringing affiliates and stuff like that talk to Renee find out more about it We'd love to have you guys as part of that if it's a good fit Obviously some offers aren't going to be a good fit for for a CPA network, but is that pretty exciting though? I'm pretty excited to have the first webinar CPA network. I think we're going to change the world with it It's gonna be pretty exciting so We got probably five anyone ask any questions because I got probably five more minutes or so We bring a microphone up really quick and then just do a couple really quick Q&A's I'm an auction off this piece of paper. Who wants this right here? The highest bitter just joking kind of Okay, we'll do about five minutes of Q&A's then we can break and if you guys if you guys are hungry You want to go there now? I have no more official content. Feel free to bail Go talk to Renee talk to these guys in the back about some stuff asking questions You want right now for next five or ten minutes or so? Yeah, I'll give you an opportunity to talk more about the offer You just made mm-hmm sounds very interesting Would you also help in? Improving the webinar itself. Oh, yeah, okay, so the way the way it works. Um, and it's something again if What I recommend if you guys don't have a webinar yet I would get with Dustin Dave and have them do a power day with them They can script out the entire thing for you because I'm not gonna help build the whole webinar I can help tweak and have you have it or you're then perfect. Yeah, yeah, but you know as I told earlier I think I need some help in improving it. Yeah, I think I can do much better than what I'm doing right now Yeah, well definitely gives you because the way this whole thing works There's upfront cost that doesn't make me any money. That's just our cost to develop the whole thing I make my money when the thing converts the whole network It's really cool when you log into the back end system and you see it and you see Like an affiliate logs in they see all these different webinars and you see exactly what the EPCs are per webinar They say this was doing awesome I'm gonna sign up I'm gonna promote that one and promote that one because they start seeing in real time all the stats and stuff So definitely behooves me to make sure that everyone's webinars converting good So yeah, definitely thanks. Yeah, thank you There's two quick questions CPA. Was that me cost per acquisition? Oh, okay, or I think it's some lawyer or some Yes, exactly learning the thing that's really smart. I don't know. Yeah, second is you seem to emphasize that the webinar was live Why do you want to be live as opposed to just being able to click on anytime? Because when you watch a show live on TV Do you watch the commercials? Because you have to they're sitting there and you have to watch these commercials You're really annoyed but you watch the commercials right you teemo that thing do who watches the commercials and they teemo something You never do right? So if I'm gonna come back and watch a webinar two days after it actually happened I might watch part of them and fast forward and skip things around in and you lose the person's attention When it's the live event and we never say it's a live event. We don't lie to people We say this is the event is happening this time. You need to be here to watch it It's only happening during this time then people actually show up. They're not gonna leave they're not they can't just pause it and come back They got yet to have their attention so you sit there and when you have this someone's attention You've got so much more ability to sell people okay, this whole world right now. You're always fighting people's attention That's the huge battle. They're all fighting his attention and so this gives you ability to get someone's attention They're gonna block it out Saturday at 6 o'clock We are more likely to get them if you get their attention focused that your ability sells 10 times more than Go watch this replay in fact if you look we do stats We'll do a webinar we'll get 600 people to show up for the webinar live Look how much money we make off of that and we watch we have 3,000 people to watch the replay of the webinar We'll make a fourth of how much money we did off the webinar replay You know we have three or four times as people as many people watch it okay, so the whole like Engineering of these live events is a huge huge increase in how much you make Yeah, hey Russell. I know these webinar strategies are based on Specialized information selling but can you pull this off selling a B2B? Physical product is there any way you can pull off a webinar selling an actual physical product? What's the what's the product? Antenna's specialized in tenants for police vehicles emergency vehicles 50 7500 dollars something like that yeah Definitely obviously the way you drive traffic is going to be different, but automated webinars presentation. We do a lot of B2B stuff That we use our way of webinars for a little different We're selling like internet marketing services towards business owners, but we're still we're going after business owners Our big thing is that the way it comes down to how you pitch you know how you're how you're going after it But a lot of it's like if you know people people attend events because it's the thing that's happening as long as you're going here I don't know how you get to your target market now through email through direct mail But if it's you know you're promoting this cool event how it's going to change it on the benefits going to happen from it If you get people to show it for which you know any it's it's easier to get people to show up for something like that than to read a Sales letter you know I mean then you got captive in it It's just the best closing mechanism in the world great. Yeah, thank you. It works great for B2B Good Yep So with the model of basically after the webinar they're driven to a strategy session correct? In Frank Kern's model this model this is happening 100% online I'm selling everything through through the actual webinar. We're calling people afterwards just to close sales, but I don't have any Frank Kern's model. He's driving people to a strategy session. So that's this model right here, right? Okay, so you've gotten rid of that script that you had told us about Yeah, we laid off 60 employees in January started focusing more on this And you're able to go straight from the webinar to converting high High ticket items. Yeah Yeah, we're not selling for our for our webinar So this is our process you guys will see this come live in about two weeks on our webinar We're selling $2,000 front-end product and there's a $5,000 upsell So our total package is $7,000. They buy both the front and the back end I don't know the conversions so they happen But all the webinars we promoted usually the price points two to three thousand dollars on the front end Okay, and do they have to are you talking about these guys are already buyers or can you take them from point zero to? Webinar to we're taking from point zero look at Frank Kern taking them all cold off of Facebook straight into an $8,000 pitch He's killing it with it So the reason what the reason the difference is if you guys have ever heard me talk about the value ladder stuff I talked about a little earlier. So here's your here's your typical value ladder It's come in and buy my $27 ebook then by my upsell then my home straight course and up here and up here Here's your big gold thing because you got to take something to his buying process to receive value Okay, now I'm gonna shortcut this whole process right here by giving them 70 minutes with me teaching him a whole bunch of cool content I give them value right now and now I'm and now I've ascended up the value the value ladder very quickly very rapidly for no cost Now I'm gonna sell you boom my $8,000 thing or my $2,000 thing that It's it's the best mechanism I've seen ever since I've been on marketing online to take someone that's cold Converting really warm up very very quickly and sell them because again when I come back this process They're cold lead, but but they're not that cold because When they when they clicked on this ad back here, they were cold they showed up right here They got one to two to three emails from me They then got the the webinar then they you know 70 minute webinar They got three or four follow-up emails depending what happened and they got it something in the mail They're getting all these things now become a warm lead very very quickly you so you warm them up, but not with any Purchases prior to that yep, okay, and you could I I wouldn't be against and we'll probably test this a lot After some registers for webinar back here. We'll probably put in some low ticket things on the thank you page We should have a lot with tell seminars someone register for the tell seminar We say step number one print out this page with the call number step number two go to your some homework Go check out this product We sell like a 20 or $37 product and they'd go buy it ahead of time to be prepared for the call We did great with that So we'll probably test a lot of that as well with it with the new version we have coming out I haven't seen people do that yet One thing I've seen a lot of people like what Sheffrin does it's really cool after someone registers right here He takes them out through a whole whole like viral campaign where it's like hey on the webinar You're gonna learn this this and this and I've actually got a free report about that You tell three of your friends about this webinar and I'll give you the free report He's getting people to start driving people back in the front of it through that whole sales process So there's a lot of other things you can be adding in this sequence that you can keep to To help increase it you know I mean it comes back every day. Okay, how can I take this? Let's add an ad a tele-friend script in here because they will get more people virally coming back in the front to the tele-friend script Let's have this piece of it. Let's have this piece of it kind of building out the whole thing Do we have a script for that magic webinar? Tomorrow I'm gonna share in five or six different programs That you can buy out of the box and then if you want to use one that we custom design and built And again talk to her name those guys about being in our network We built one that does this whole thing, but there's not something out of shelf that does kind of everything There's some good. There's some great ones out there. I do 90% of this So thank you. Yep. You're leaving tomorrow. That's why you're upset that you don't know what they are Everyone we all get to know and he doesn't get to know I'm just joking his brother's getting married. He's got an excuse Or sister Cool We made it there that was long but we got there Don't get upset at me if you guys are hungry dinner we've been waiting for an explanation for came anyway, yeah I'm confused. No We're getting set up to take orders in in our shopping cart, which is tied of course tied to our credit card processor What would you recommend? To as a way to track if we've got affiliate commissions, we got to pay out It's a simple way to track that you see a good shopping cart I mean if you use it what cart are you using right now? X cart I Know them, but I don't know them really well. They have an affiliate program built into it they're supposed supposedly have a But I'm afraid to make it more complicated many there's supposedly an add-on for tracking commissions Yeah, most of them again Most of the ones that will show you I just they plug into some system Basically, they rely on you having your own shopping cart at the at the end to sell the actual products You use one shopping cart you use infuser soft you use click bank You can use any shopping cart system has an affiliate program built into it You set your affiliate link to push people back to the page over here back one cool thing we built in our software One of the thing one problem you're gonna find is like sometimes someone will register for webinar at work And they get home that night they want to watch the webinar at their house and most affiliate systems are based off of a cookie and so what happens they go back home and They're on their home computer now and the cookies not set and that way the affiliate doesn't get paid any money So the way this software works is really cool is when they show up to that event They've got a they've got a type in their email address It finds a affiliate cookie resets it on the new machine before that goes live So that way your fillet commissions are tracked and sick in some software have that some don't that's a really important thing because a lot Of people registering at work and watching at home What and what's that called? What's what's called that that particular? Program or Russell's code that his coders built out That was not that was not like one that we this on the market for sell them. Okay. All right. Thanks. Yep Sorry guys. They're like so there are some really good programs. We'll be going over all those tomorrow The ones that are out there Any other questions at all? That was easy on me. Okay. Thanks you guys