You can have a scandal to talk about. Larry King, who was on the Peter Low events all the time, I used to say, Larry, there's got to be a slow news day sometime. When nothing's happening and you've got no guest, I'm available. Larry would say, easy, you can be on a show tomorrow, just kill your parents. Well, think about it. So somebody's involved in a scandal. Usually they temporarily look bad. If they're handled well, often they turn out okay. Dick Morris goes from a poorly paid employee to a highly paid pundit and author. People have forgotten all about the toe-sucking prostitute thing, letting her listen to the conversations with Clinton on the phone. That's all gone. But it made him famous. Then he went away and did political consulting for a year in Australia, I think, and then he came back and he's big. At a certain level, scandal fascinates people. That horrible Mel Gibson movie that otherwise nobody would have gone and seen. With the Amazon, whatever that thing is, actually did better after his arrest for his anti-Semitic remarks than it could possibly have done without all of that PR. The best one is the Trump-Rosie deal. Both benefit. That's like, I doubt they cooked it up, because I think they genuinely dislike each other. But if they had cooked it up, it's brilliant. I mean, brilliant. And he starts it a week before the new season of The Apprentice. The whole week before the new season of The Apprentice, that's all everybody's talking about. There's the two of them fighting with each other. And where did he get most of the coverage? On a rival network who would never have promoted him or The Apprentice. ABC. They ain't going to put him on their shows the week before The Apprentice is premiering, but Good Morning America had him on to ask him about the Rosie Feud. Every day on The View, she's talking about him. He was on ABC World News, ask about the feud. So he's on ABC everything. He was on Jimmy Kimmel. He was everywhere. He wouldn't have gotten on those shows without that feud. So there's lots of ways to get yourself talked about. And the most important thing about it is it needs to be continuing. If they are not talking about you, what you ought to realize is they're talking about somebody else. And this even goes to Marlene's question. It's a broader answer to your narrow question. I believe either the second or the third of your six questions when you were up here. Hey, there's a lesson to be learned from her. She ain't shy, you know? She'll take what she can get. Pushy is good, especially for women. Pushy broads do better than non-pushy broads. Part of the answer to your question is, which your question was, what about them leaving mastermind groups and splintering off and forming their own groups and thinking they don't need you? And Bill's answer was a pragmatic answer, which is a correct answer. And a correctly pragmatic answer is make sure that parts of what happens in every program you do are connected to you, directly linked to you, are about you, are being provided by you. So there's some portion that obviously can't be replicated somewhere else. And there are people who have this problem. An information marketer I won't mention has had four in the past two years. Otherwise, very successful information marketer. But it's had four different people go splinter and take people out of his group and form their own group. And you know, why should we pay for this now? We can all get together for free kind of thing. And they can. They can all get together for free, except not with him. And now over a period of time, they're coming back. You know, they're leaving the doofus who led them off into the winter land and they're coming back. But the bigger, broader answer to this, layered over top of the pragmatic answer that Bill gave you, is that again, keeping them is about a lot more than the core values of what they're getting from the thing, by being in a group. Keeping them is as much about their ongoing interest and fascination in you in general. And so if it's you, they're all talking about. And they leave you. Now what are they going to talk about?