So by the time they approach me, they're behaving very well. That's intentional on my part. Now, if you get a little deeper or you come to me by having read stuff and you come through the path, what else do you know? Well, you know a bunch of bad stuff, right? You know, I went broke, you know, I had cars repossessed, you know, I had a booze problem. Let's see, you know, I kind of played it suicide, you know, I've been divorced. If you read more current stuff, let's see, you know, I got a disease. Why do I want people to know that? Well, there's a couple reasons I want people to know that. One is the build-up is big enough that this is humanizing, okay, I could connect with him kind of information. It's also knock-off things. There's a significant segment of the entrepreneurial population who's been bankrupt. So that connection, right, if you're marketing stuff to, if you're marketing child development stuff to parents, it's extremely useful if you happen to have a child with some kind of disability. Because as soon as you say it, there's a percentage of the audience, of the constituency, who now connects with you at a higher level. So the entrepreneur who has been bankrupt connects with me at a more intense level than if I didn't reveal that piece of information. I wouldn't, some of them prefer to keep it private, but probably of the 30 clients who spent the most money with me over two decades, 20 of them have been or are in AA. It's not that I drove them to drink. They were there prior to me. I should quickly, I should quickly qualify that. But that's what triggered their interest in me. Now, in a book, it may be two lines. You might have even missed it, because it wasn't important to you. The guy that it's important to, he like, it leaps out at him like you jumped off the page and hit him with a hammer. And he now wants to get to me. He feels a connection. So I got it. I got choices about these things. I can never say them. I can ignore them. I can try and hide them or I can use them. My advice to you is pretty much be careful about place, but pretty much use everything you got. Don't walk away from any of your life experience that will be meaningful to people. I'll give you an exact example. Here's, I'm not going to give you the guy's name, but here's a letter I got at the end of January. I'll just try and read only part of it. I just finished your book and like how it ended with a response about whether or not the reader would buy a book to put me down for a big yes. So that's the unfinished business autobiography book is what he's talking about. I was a hard drinker. Went to AA in 1995, been there ever since. Appreciate you mentioned drinking in the book. I'm sure it will help others. I think as entrepreneurs. Dada, dada, dada, dada, dada. We won't read the rest of that paragraph. I won't read the rest of the next paragraph. I'll read you the last paragraph. I've joined Gold Plus, joined the local mastermind group and I'm attending my first super conference in April. I made sure I got in early so I got the day with you prior to the event. Why does he want the day with me? Because of the connection. So this guy was gone from a $10 book in one big leap to Gold Plus, which Karen, what did we charge for? $230. $230.97. That's all? Okay, so that's 240 times 10 is $2,400. What is that? $1,500 a year, right? Is that right? $3,000 a year. Is it 3? Is that what it is? Okay, so it's $3,000 a year. He's joined a local mastermind group, which also means he's joined a local chapter. So we delivered a customer to wherever he is, who's given them, I don't know, another $3,000. So there's six. What does it cost to come to the super conference? $1,500. There's 7,500. I won't give you the average onsite sales number at the super conference, but I will tell you that it is substantial. So this guy's probably within three months of reading the book in the total customer value range of $15,000 plus. And that's just the beginning. This is very easily a $50,000 to $100,000 value customer, but resonated with him, the personal disclosure. It's all he's talking about.