And since we just signed him and gave him a lot of money, we hope he lives to be 100. At least, because it's a three-year contract. But, and come to think of it, we probably should have got some insurance. But so why would these two guys hook up with each other? Well, for Mark, it's why not? No harm, no foul. It's a constituency. He might not reach otherwise. Seniors. They might not be paying attention to him. He recognizes to some degree, he's not really famous. Chicken Soup for the Soul is famous. But Linkletter's famous with seniors. So if I'm Mark and I attach myself to Linkletter and his new book for seniors and his website for seniors and his whole promotion for seniors, that does all sorts of other things for me. Why Linkletter to Hansen? Same reason in reverse. Linkletter sees Chicken Soup for the Soul. Says, better to be attached to that than not attached to it. Now arguably, in both of those scenarios, you've got two famous people who, by nature, by instinct, by ego, would probably prefer not to be attached to anybody. But they are smart enough as business people to understand that there is so much value in attachment that you ought to do it rather than not do it. In the case of coaching programs, one of the reasons you come up, so you got a mic. Yeah, Lee. Yeah, it's up here at the table. You need sunglasses because of the boots. So how many of you know what the Millionaire Mindset coaching program is that Lee does? Okay, a handful of them. I'll do it real quick. And you correct me if I screw it up. This is essentially a co-op. Then I have a question for you. This is sort of a co-op thing, so it gets attached to other people's coaching programs. So how many clients does she have in here? Scott, Charlie, you? So in each of their coaching programs, so let's take Tucker. So he's got 165 mortgage brokers in his coaching program who pay him, whatever they pay him, $1,500 a month to give or take, and they get to come to some meetings with Tucker, which would seem to me you could get $2,500 a month out of them if they were permitted not to come to the meetings with Tucker. So they get to come to meetings with Tucker. They get to use some of his marketing stuff, which is locked behind a wall. They get some calls with him and so forth. Now, first of all, how do you pad the program? How do you add more and more content without doing more and more work? Well, and how do you cover a category you don't really want to talk about? So Lee essentially offers a pre-packaged add-on to everybody's coaching program with a call a month, a CD a month, articles, emails, et cetera. But there is more to it than that. As important about it as how do you pad the program and deliver more content without doing more work is the attachment that occurs. And so in one fell swoop, Tucker attaches himself to her and her story. She's busy attaching herself to celebrity authors and experts who she interviews. So Tucker gets that attachment. She's attached to me and to Glaser Kennedy. So Tucker gets that attachment, although he has also bought that in another way through my co-branding program. So he gets like four attachments here all at one fell swoop. Who have you interviewed past year of a note? I'm sorry? Of note. Art Linkler or Jack Canfield, Mark Victor Hansen. So both chicken soup for the soul, guys. Les Brown. Jack Hansen. Sorry? Matt Fury. Matt Fury. So every time she does that, he gets the benefit of the attachment without having to go chase it down and do it himself and so forth. And at amortized, let's see how good you are, he's got 165 coaching members. So what's it costing him per coaching member per year for you? He could figure that out. 36,000 a year for $3 million a year in. Yeah, okay, well, that's the smart way to look at it. You're right. But, okay, so 36,000 a year, which is what you're paying her, right? Yeah, I was paid long-term so it's really easy to pull it over to the budget. How much? I don't know the question. Okay, so 500 per coaching member. Now here's what you all know about that. How much do you charge now for coaching? $497. Right? No difference between $14.97 and $19.97 at this point, so if he wanted to, he could be charged $19.97 and he could make it free. It doesn't make any difference. It's all how you want to look at it. But understand when you look at a program like hers that it's not just about the stuff, it's about the principle of attachment, right? And so how many you got? Close to 30. So there's 30 clients. Now you also saw another coaching model, which we really should have done yesterday, but is the coaching for other coaches.