Exactly. This is the guy who really sold the Brooklyn Bridge. Right? Because that's like the joke, sell a Brooklyn Bridge. He really sold the Brooklyn Bridge, which he did. He went and got a bunch of wood, cut it up in little pieces that came from the bridge and sold it. Okay? So we can say he really sold the Brooklyn Bridge. Well, that was an amazing feat. Now, I don't know if, I think when he did it, he did it like actually to make the money selling the wood. And wasn't thinking much further than that. But it ain't really a hard feat to replicate. Somebody's knocking down something somewhere every day. Right? I mean, so Robert Allen, the real estate guy, for many years, Robert Allen lived off of the challenge. Right? And he did two of them for publicity. One is you can drop me in any city in America, anywhere with 500 bucks in my pocket, no contacts, no nothing, turned me loose. And 48 hours later, I will have bought a piece of real estate. And occasionally, the media would take him up on it and he would do it. The other was, I'll take anybody off the soup line, a homeless person, anybody. And within 72 hours, they will have bought a house. Right? And they would do that and he would get massive PR from it and then use it in his advertising. So that's an amazing feat. By the way, for fun on the Blaine side, I never asked you, did you see the, I'm sure you saw the Illusionist. Yes. Did you like it? Yeah, I liked it better than the Prestige. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's fabulous. So if you haven't seen the movie, The Illusionist, it kind of came and went. Get it on DVD. It's a fabulous movie. There are lessons in it too, but it's a fabulous movie. And by all means, get and read the book, Carter Beats the Devil. A fabulous, fabulous book. What's the book? Carter Beats the Devil. Comment on news and timely topics. Look, this is a way to be talked about all the time, at least amongst your clients. It's not about Jimmy Carter. It's a historical, it's a fake historical novel actually, but about a magician. So comment on news and timely topics. All you need is USA Today. This does not require any massive amount of resources. You need USA Today or watch CNN in the morning. And you got email. Use it. Be timely. Tucker's really good at this. I mean, he's really good at this. You guys saw in the newsletter when he jumped on the John Kerry's thing about the... You had to be... You don't... Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then those soldiers made a picture with the photo of Miss Spell, John Kerry, save us because we're too stupid to, you know, and he'll tell the... And Tucker jumped on that the next day. Well, there's something every day that you can be commenting on, opining on, making fun of, turning into a little object lesson and communicating with your people about. So which of these 10 stories will they be talking about tomorrow? Pick his number one story. He's pretty much got it right. That's the story they're going to be talking about tomorrow. You talk about it too. It shouldn't take you more than 15 minutes in the morning to bang out an email. Read USA Today, pick something, do something, send it out. Be witty. Now they're going to be talking about you in connection with the news story of the day. If you're local, pick a local story. All politics is local. People care more about local than they care about national. So if you're like the IBAs in the room, if you're local, pick a local story. So don't watch CNN, pick up your daily newspaper and watch your daily news program and think about which of these stories will they be talking about tomorrow. That's the story I want to talk about. That's why I'm a little handicapped now. Our weekly faxes are actually done three or four weeks ahead of time. They have to be because we're bigger and they've got to move through places and I won't email them on and on and on. So I can't be quite as topical as I could be before. But I try and I also try and like anticipate what the story is going to be two or three weeks out that I might be able to tie myself to or what news story has legs that's going to last for some period of time. But you have the opportunity to do something every day. Want to be talked about every day? That's how to be talked about. Tie yourself to what's going on. Here's something a lot of people don't know. If you read up on Thomas Edison, contrary to reputation, he wasn't that great of an inventor.