Well, that's an eccentricity, especially given his connection to Gates. But it works because we know it about him and because it is rather strange. Be associated with famous or fascinating people. We've talked about that and we will come back and talk about it. Pick a public fight. We've talked about that. Trump learned a lesson from the Rosie thing. He's now, like she's picking one a week, so is he. He's figured out this strategy works a lot. So he's picked a big fight with the city of Palm Beach, Florida over his flag, which is a really good thing to pick a fight over, by the way. You see him last night on World Wrestling? No, was he on World Wrestling? No. He was pretty good. Picking a fight, one of them is going to shake your head supposedly. Oh, okay. With the head guy there. Oh, with the man? With the man. The man. The man. The man. The man. The man. Now, there's another useful thing about you mentioning that. You know, World Wrestling last night, and he's picked a fight with Vince McMahon, the guy that owns WWF, and what I'm going to shave their head or something. That's a result of all that. Well, if you don't watch World Wrestling, none of us saw this, right? And you might think, what the hell's the benefit to him with the wrestling crowd? Well, you would underestimate the size of the wrestling fan base, number one. You would underestimate its demographics, because it is not all a bunch of Yahoo people who live in trailer parks anymore. It once was that. It's like NASCAR once was that. But it is not that anymore. By the way, you know what the fastest growing segment of the NASCAR fan base is? What are you talking about? What are you talking about? Gay men. Somewhat to the consternation of the original fan base. But the fastest growing segment of their fan base is gay men. The fastest is women. You're right. So he's absolutely right to be there, because he's reaching an audience that includes some of the people that would normally be in his audience, but also includes a whole bunch of people who might normally not pay attention to him. And Trump's money today is not very far afield from Paris Hilton's money. And the lesson there is, is our money is not very far afield from that either. Trump's money is tied to being Trump, not to real estate development. That was a decade ago. Now Trump's money is from being Trump. And the more Trump is, the more money Trump gets. Because they give him points to stick his name on a project, for example. Front end points. And everybody might usually get five points. He gets eight points. Then he gets more famous, he gets ten points. Then he gets more famous, and he gets twelve points. Well, an extra point. Big deal in a 500-unit high-rise condo project in the Bahamas. That's a big deal. It's all about being Trump. So he's out there humping every place he can be. A lot of places we don't see him unless you watch that thing. Say, I don't watch wrestling. So I would, right? You were right, but you hit it by accident. But millions watch it. And now some of them who paid no attention to him before are going to start paying attention to him. And now they're going to go watch the Apprentice. And then when there's a seminar ad, they're going to go to the Learning Annex seminar when they wouldn't have gone before on and on and on and on and on. So pick a public fight. But pick a good one. Perform amazing feats. The guy who was really good at this. He's pretty much retired now. And a lot of people have copied him cleverly as Kreskin. And so Kreskin, who made money by being Kreskin, speaker, entertainer, et cetera, the amazing Kreskin, how many remember? So Kreskin like a mentalist. What would you call him, Dave? A mentalist. And Kreskin's amazing feat, which he did at least twice a year on Regis for as long, I mean, when Regis was on in LA, he was on Regis and Kathy, and Regis and Donna, and Regis and whoever is sitting next to Regis at the moment. Kreskin's amazing feat is come on the show and they've hidden an envelope somewhere in Manhattan and they go find it. Over and over and over again. So Kreskin had this routine, you know, that you saw him do something amazing. You got Blaine now, who is really sort of following that model in their field, if you will. Paul Hartunian, most of you have seen Paul's stuff. Well, what's Paul's like claim to fame? Whenever I write copy about Paul, what do I use first and foremost?