But I mean, ahead of the North Korean nuke story is Brittany shaving her head and getting tattoos. And what's everybody talking about? Brittany shaving her head and getting tattoos. What does that do? Drives more people to all the Brittany Talk websites, sells Brittany CDs, sells Brittany records, sells Brittany T-shirts. So being talked about is a very important thing. And it is a big part of this business. And forgive me about names, but the gentleman was just up here asking questions with the funny accent. Where are you? There you are. He was talking to me on the break and he's become the celebrated real estate guru in Australia with a 50% mix of really good press and really, really, really bad press. The evil predatory guy bringing these rotten, sneaky tactics from the United States and stealing people's property for no money and teaching people how to be pirates and on and on and on and on and on, right? Remember our rule, speak when spoken to, remember? You gotta keep him in a little, he's like Tyson, you know, you gotta keep him in a little box, let him out every once in a while and do something, put him back in a box. We had a client years ago who 60 minutes did just this huge hatchet job on. I mean, it was just a massacre. Because of course the fool thought he could handle them. And so he spent all week with Mike Wallace. Oh, they taped thousands of hours of crap, which they then edited down into 20 minutes of slaughter. And I mean, and he was in a niche. So I mean, it was ugly. I mean, the day afterwards, it was pre-internet, so it didn't spread as fast. You couldn't jump on and everybody emailed and everybody, but still, the phone lines are buzzing. He's in a niche and maybe at that time, 35,000 people. So I mean, literally, if everybody talks to three people, pretty soon everybody's talking about it, right? And I mean, the clients are calling and so, there was about a week of real, true ugliness. No appreciable losses that you could directly track to it, but real, true ugliness. By about a month later, the reaction is, oh yeah, we saw him on 60 minutes. Oh, we saw you on 60 minutes. Two months later, we're using it in the ads, as seen on 60 minutes. Now, we're probably the only people in the world that ever got a cease and desist letter from 60 minutes for using as seen on 60 minutes in our advertising, but nobody remembered anything except he was on TV, fabulous, you know, they know the show, they know TV, they know him, he's a celebrity, right? We're using it. So, I mean, better you should be talked about in a positive way, but better to be talked about than not talked about, and you try and stimulate it and control it as best you can. Some of the ways that you can make sure that you are talked about are on this list, you can, and this is especially appropriate to those of you who work in niches, but you can attack and criticize the status quo. There is always some status quo that everybody pretty much thinks are a bunch of idiots, or, you know, are evil, or are somehow their enemy. And with salespeople, it's the home office, okay? So, as long as you're not getting the money, your money from the home office, you can constantly attack the home office. So, all of the idiots in the ivory tower back at corporate headquarters who were spending all their time going to lunch and dreaming up stupid crap for you to do, see sales, that resonates with salespeople. A lot of people don't remember, but J. Abraham used to run this campaign, niche by niche by niche, it was a very good campaign. I swiped it and applied it in different ways, and it was, who is this man and why is he saying these terrible things about life insurance companies? And he would run that in the life insurance trade journal. Who is this man and why is he saying these terrible things about real estate? And he would run that in the real estate, and then he would make fun of the corporations and how stupid their advertising was and how stupid their marketing was, and how the agents were suffering because they had to put up with all these morons, and you know, and that resonates. So you can attack and criticize the status quo. I, God knows how many millions of dollars, directly and indirectly, I've taken out of the tiny little market of the National Speakers Association by spending all of my time criticizing the National Speakers Association.