He's not talking about any idea he got. He's not talking about any strategy he's using. He's not talking about his business. He's talking about the personal disclosure. Do I get a lot of them? No, but I get enough of them to know that it is meaningful and it is important to people. I never had time in the Peter Low events, but often, especially if I was doing more personal development stuff, I would have a little story that I told about stuttering as a kid. You cannot tell it and not have somebody, somebody. Actually, I got a great story to tell you about that. Glenn Turner, which may or may not mean anything to anybody, but Glenn Turner had a company called Dare to Be Great in Cosscott and then he was prosecuted and it's a big man. So the federal government tried Turner. The trial went on for 16 months. Hung jury. So when it's all over with, they polled the jury. Now, Glenn Turner was a really interesting motivational speaker because Glenn had a really bad hairlip that hadn't been taken care of well when he was a kid. So if you hear him on tape, he's like, I don't know. And so it takes like a half an hour to get in sync and be able to listen to the tapes because, I mean, seriously, I don't know. And keep in mind, this is a guy who stood on stage and regardless of the business model, the numbers are in 36 months, he got 500,000 people to pay $5,000 to be in his program, mostly from his speaking skill and how I like that. Turner's basic model, by the way, it was a very simple thing. And it was the Russian couple that asked me about this yesterday and we'll come back to it. I mean, his whole sales presentation was, I don't know. I don't know. I mean, if I could do this, talk like this. You know, you could do it. And then once he figured out that work, he surrounded himself with a blind guy, two midgets. And the whole deal was, I don't know. But anyway, so they tried Turner. The federal government admits to spending, I don't know, $20 million on the trial. At the end of the whole thing, it's a hung jury, right? Turns out there's one woman who will not convict. Oh, it's over with. You could talk to the jury, right? She's on him like bees on honey. Will you please come to dinner? Because my son has a hair lip. And you're an inspiration to us. The guy literally stayed out of jail, because one person on a jury. So every time I told a stuttering story, which is why I started telling it, is because of what he told me about the jury. I said, well, if it works on a jury, if there's one out of 13, there's got to be one out of every 300, right? No harm sticking it in. I can turn it into a useful story. I'd never told it before. Started telling it. Every audience afterwards is at least one person. They usually hang around a group that hangs around you afterwards until everybody else is gone. Same with the drinking thing. They hang around until everybody else is gone. And then they want to come up and tell you their, my kid stutters, story, or I stuttered story, or they want to come tell me the drinking story, or they want to come tell me the bankrupt story. They all buy. It's a lock. So if I put all of it into one speech, I know I got like five going in. So people connect to these things. So if you've got them, use them. They make you a more interesting character. See, just like the hiring director wants to interview the guy with the wart than the guy without the wart, instead of the perfect candidate, he wants to interview the perfect candidate with the disclosed imperfect quality. You are a more interesting character if you do not attempt to appear to be perfect. The flaws are as interesting as are the strengths. The Superman character does not work without kryptonite. Figure it out very early. He's not an interesting character if he has superhuman strength and cannot be vulnerable to anything. What makes him interesting is there's kryptonite. Without kryptonite, there's no enduring character. Strategy of attachment. Here's another strategy for you.