Now, I haven't made many friends on the board from year to year to year, but it's a very popular thing to do with a segment of the association, specifically the people I want out of it, which are those who think like business people and are already frustrated. So you don't have to be around there very long and go into meetings and stuff if you're a business person before you realize that 70% of the folks, you know, are clueless. And now you're like frustrated, just like Buster Kravitz. Well, I attract those people like a magnet by criticizing the entire culture of the association. And so for 20 years, I've made fun of their certifications and their award thing. And it's easy because the thing is ridiculous. But simply by banging away at that, I'm talked about. I'm reviled by some, and I magnetically attract others. And I always made a point when I was working the niche heavily, I always made a point, for example, to do some kind of major mailing about four to five to six weeks before the National Convention, in which I made all sorts of annoying and critical and provocative statements. And then I show up at the convention and make sure I'm walking around very visible. I usually went and worked during the sessions and then came down on the breaks. And the opposite of what everybody else is doing, right? I mean, because what's useful to me is being accessible on the break and just let them find me, right? And here they come. Boy, you hit it right on the nail. I mean, and they're all business people, and they're exactly who I want. So you can attack and criticize status quo and attack and criticize popular enemies. You can be a crusader. Gore has reinvented himself very effectively to give credit where credit is due. He's gone from irrelevant to very relevant in a very short period of time by essentially turning his back on the traditional political channels and circles and all of that and picking an issue and crusading like the Ralph Nader of old and appealing to the entertainment, to the liberal segment of the entertainment community. And we're going to see him get an Oscar for gone conclusion. The odds, by the way, you've got to give two to get one. It's one to two the last time I checked where you can bet it legally in London. And I bet it, so you'll know if I did well. So I got a little money on it at one to one, and I got a little money on it at one to two. By little, I mean little to me, not necessarily little to you. I think it's a pretty good investment. But you do know the way you can bet on anything legally in London. I mean, they got odds on everything. So from day to day, current events stuff, you can bet. You can bet who's going to be ahead in the presidential poll next week. You can bet that now if you want to by how many points are going to be ahead. So if you like to entertain yourself, you can do that. You can get yourself attacked. See, a lot of people think that's bad, but it's not bad. Not necessarily bad. It's okay to be attacked by somebody that calls attention to you, to the people you want, who will like the fact that you're being attacked, and will respond to you being attacked. Or in a big public way, think about Atkins. Thirty years, I don't think Dr. Atkins got one piece of favorable PR anywhere. He made his entire living and built his entire company by freely going any place he was invited. Talk shows, university lectures, medical conventions, and letting them all attack him. And Atkins got bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger. And the more the medical establishment attacked it, the bigger it got. Why? Because there's a bigger segment of the American population and it doesn't like the medical establishment than there is that likes the medical establishment. So there's more people who think MDs are wrong than trust MDs to be right. So if you're going to get attacked by somebody, get attacked by the MDs. And Atkins was very good at it. I mean, he just sat there and took punches for 15 or 20 minutes and said, well, yeah, but look, Mary lost 238 pounds. Billy Bob lost 148 pounds. She lost this kind of pounds. How can you argue with that? And people went and bought Atkins stuff. And the brand got bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger so you can be attacked.