Welcome everyone to Boise! I'm so glad to have you guys here. It's funny when we were kind of planning this, we're like, we should do an event in January or February kind of, and I didn't even think about how cold it was going to be and that it was going to be snowing and that people were going to be traveling from nice warm beautiful spots to Boise. So I appreciate you guys making the journey here. One of the main reasons why we did it now instead of like February and March is as some of you guys know, my wife's having baby number five in March. So we wanted to start it earlier this year, which is kind of fun. And also because I thought it would be give all of you guys a really good opportunity to kind of pull out of your businesses, pull out of all the stuff you're doing and have a chance in January to really focus and set some big directional changes. I don't know about you guys, but whenever the new year comes around, throughout the year I'm always making like little changes in my business and about this time of the year I try to make my big directional shifts. What's this year going to look like? Instead of going like keep going this way, if I move big thing this way, what's it going to look like? How's it going to be different? I remember two Christmases ago, it was at the end of Christmas or New Year or something, Tony Robbins put out this video from him and his wife and he was just talking about how the new year's coming you guys. And he's like the coolest thing about this is that you know anytime in your life and most people don't think about it, but New Year's here and he's like you're about to start a brand new year. Everything can be whatever you want it to be. If you don't like, and you start talking about relationships, if you don't like your relationship right now, this is the time to change it. We can just change things. If you don't like your business right now, change it. If you don't like the situation you're in, just change it. I was sitting there and I was looking at our business and what we were doing at the time and I was not super happy with where everything was at and I was like you know what? I can just change it. There's no rules. We're just all goofing off having fun. I'm just going to change it. So I just shifted everything we were doing and it's interesting because about 18 months ago when we first kind of relaunched our coaching program and things like this and you look now a year, a little over a year later at who's in the room and I know you guys haven't had a chance to all meet each other yet. You have a chance. Some of the feedback from the last event, everyone gets excited and gets all their to-do lists and then sometimes it's kind of hard to follow through on stuff and so at the end of today actually we're going to be building out some accountability groups. You guys all see on your name tags little stars on them. So that'll mean something more at the end of it. Everyone's got different colors. So we're going to be building out some really cool accountability groups. So when this event's over you're actually going to have a group to help take you where you are and throughout the entire year help hold everyone accountable and keep everyone moving towards their goals. So it's going to be pretty fun. But I'm excited. All right. What else? What else before we get started? All right. So I'm going to jump right in. So the game plan for today, this is kind of where we're going through this first session we've talked about the perfect webinar. Who here had a chance in the last 48 hours to rewatch the perfect webinar training I sent out? Most of you guys good. Because I'm not going to go deep into it. So I wanted to make, I was thinking about doing a whole session on it but I'm like, I don't know you guys, I hate teaching the same thing twice. And I was just like, I don't want to do that. So I'm like, go watch it again and then we can just pick up from there. So hopefully you guys did your homework and watch that because I'm going to kind of skip ahead into the evolution and we're going to actually do more workshops stuff through that. And then I'm going to bring actually Liz up here on stage and I'm going to talk to her about her journey. How many of you guys have done a webinar pitch so far like prior to this? How many of you have done at least one? That's awesome. I think last week, I think there were seven of you guys that were working with Boxer, actually did your first one. Some of you guys are here and some of you, I know a couple of you guys didn't actually make some people, their flights got delayed and canceled. But 70 guys did your first webinar that I know of last week which was super exciting to kind of see. And some of you guys made your first sales and you guys didn't and it was just fun to see. And so that's exciting. The second session before lunch is what I found is by, I've been reviewing and watching a lot of the webinars that you guys have been doing. And one kind of commonality is that you guys are following the script really, really well. The problem is that some of you guys suck at pitching. You're really, really bad. And it's funny. There's an art to that. And I just always assumed that people are good at it. And I wasn't at first. When I first got started, I was so shy and nervous and like, I wish you guys could have seen some of my earlier videos because it was really, really bad. I was just super scared. And I've been doing this for 10 years now so I've learned kind of how to do it. And so I'm going to share with you guys some of the ways to pitch. It was funny. I was hanging out with, do you guys know Kevin Harrington? He's one of the original Shark Tank guys. We're hanging out with him. He invited me to this breakfast thing and he was like, hey, have you ever seen what Billy Mays looked like when he first started? And I'm like, no. He's like, do you want to see? I'm like, yeah. So he has all the Billy Mays, right? Like the, well, like all over the top. So he showed me this video from Billy's first infomercial that Kevin actually produced. And Billy Mays was like all shy and awkward and like super nervous. And I was just like, that makes me feel good that like everyone, even Billy Mays was like this awkward, like nervous person at first. And so I'm going to walk you guys through a process about how we pitch. There's things you can do, things that are very learnable that we can make some tweaks that'll help. Even if you've got a good webinar, if you learn some of these things, it'll help take the next level. And if you've never done before, this is important stuff to be able to knock it out of the park. Then we're going to go to lunch. After lunch, I'm kind of nervous about this to be 100% honest. So I've got about 900 people, it was like 945 people as of this morning registered for webinar that I'm doing live at two o'clock today. And because I wasn't going to go through and like do my webinar pitch yet, you guys can see how I do it and see how I pitch and all that kind of stuff. And I was like, it'd probably be more fun if I did it live. And so I'm actually going to have my laptop here and the table and there's people and I'm going to have my mic and you guys are going to watch me do it live. And so one of two things are going to happen. They could, yeah. You guys got to make sure that when I'm doing my thing, yeah. So I'm honestly really, really nervous because either it's going to completely bomb and it's going to be horrible and you guys are going to be like, man, Russell is bad at this. Or I'm going to make some money right in front of you guys' face. So who wants to see me do one of those two things? So that's kind of the game plan after lunch. So just at lunch, you're going to head out at two o'clock webinar starts. I'll get on probably 10 minutes before the webinar. I'm going to start prepping people. I'm talking about this when I go to the pitch section, what I'm doing. When you come to that, come in quietly after lunch and kind of sit down and just listen. And the reason why I'm doing this is because there's so much stuff. I can explain, here's the script, I can explain, but when you see me do it, there's things you're going to see. There's ways that when you're sitting at your desk, and we'll go through this, if you're sitting at your desk and you're pitching your webinar and you're sitting like this, just by the way you sit is going to completely destroy how you pitch. Is that right, Louis? Like when I'm pitching, I'm like this, even though there's no one there, I'm like moving around, my hands are moving. And that's like, that has so much to do with your tonality, how you present all these things. And so I thought it'd be fun for you guys to see it. So that's what's happening. And if you don't want to see that, feel free to go and just not watch it. But I think you'll learn a lot. I don't know about you guys, but I learn more a lot of times from watching people than I ever do actually learning from people. In fact, I think I bought pretty much every marketing product that's ever come out. And I haven't gone through most of them, but I do it because I like watching the process. I learn so much by going through the process. What are they selling? What's the upsells? What's the downsells? How are they pitching? What's the script? What do the videos say? Like for me, the process is why I invest money in things. It's worth more a lot of times in the course. So I thought, I'm going to let you guys just see the process and hopefully it works. I'm super nervous because a lot of times hotel internet sucks and it could be a complete bomb. It could be a nightmare. It could be a train wreck, but you have a chance to watch the train wreck. So that'd be fun. After that, we're going to go through. I'm going to go through the presentation afterwards and break out some of the core things I want to make sure you guys saw. Because there's things I do that are important to understand because if you do those in years, you have a huge increase. And then we'll break into accountability groups tonight. So that's the game plan for today. Tomorrow. So today we're talking about a lot about the scripting and how you present it. The second thing I'm going to talk about is the actual funnel you take someone through. Because half of it's your pitch and half of it's like, what's the process you're taking someone through? When they come to the page, they register. What are the email sequences they get? What videos do they get? What's the follow-up sequence? I remember on this is kind of a funny list story. She'd done a bunch of webinars and afterwards she's like, how do I get people to buy from the webinar? I sent out two or three emails. And so I gave her like 10 emails. I'm like, this is where I sent out. There's a whole sequence of somebody after the webinar is over sending all these emails out. And so I gave them all to her. And she went and she started sending these emails out. And then like, do you remember this? It was like a week later, you're like, oh, they didn't really work. And I'm like, oh, that sucks. And then she's like, actually, let me go check. And she came back, she's like, oh, do you remember this? She's like, I think I almost doubled my sales from that. I'm like, OK, so you double it. OK, so it kind of worked. You doubled your sales by doing that. It's just funny how entrepreneurs are like, we just, anyway, it's just funny. So I'm going to go through a lot of that, like the sequencing, the follow-ups, all the pieces because like literally you guys just the funnel, if you funnel the, if you create the funnel the right way, I've seen at least doubling in sales and a lot of times a lot more in that. She was already doing a lot of stuff right ahead of time and then adding just one piece doubled their sales. So tomorrow morning we're going to talk a lot about that. Jason is one of our guys. He actually missed his flight yesterday. So he'll be here tonight. I'm going to bring him up on stage. He's going to tell his story with his webinar. He did his first one two weeks ago and crushed it. It was really fun. So I'm going to talk about him. After that, we've got Mike. Mike's in the back of the room. Mike, want to wave? So Mike Nielsen, he is awesome. So he's going to keep coming here. Yes. Give him a round of applause. He's making Liz a lot of money. So Mike is the king at driving webinar leads from Facebook. And he's going to come through and show you guys his process he's doing. It's really, really cool. And then afterwards he is doing it. He drives webinar leads for Liz and for other people. And if you guys are interested, he's going to show his presentation, show how it works. And then if you want, he is open to working with some of you guys as well. So that's one of the big benefits of being here. And boys, you have a chance to meet him and see if it's a good fit for your webinar and let him do his magic. Then after that, I'm going to go and talk about some other traffic stuff and some other cool things. So that's kind of the game plan for the next two days. It should be a lot of fun. I love this kind of stuff. You guys, this is like my favorite. Anyway, it's my favorite. When you guys all come out here, we're going to hang out. All right. So this is the perfect webinar script. You guys all have this. I've sent this to you. You've gone through the training. Again, I'm not going to dive deep into it. But I want to just stress, if nothing else, why this is important to me and why it should be important to you. So when I first got into this business, I was a shy, awkward internet nerd. I was in school and I'd be in the computer lab trying to make money online. I was selling crap on eBay. I was like, just trying all these different things. After a little while, about two years of me doing this, it started working. I started making some money and some things started happening. It was just really exciting. About that time, there was this guy named Armand Moran. Some of you guys probably know him. Armand or have heard of him. He was doing these events called the Big Seminars. I was like, oh, an internet marketing seminar. I'm like, this will be cool because I don't know anyone else in the world who does internet marketing besides me. I was kind of like this awkward kid in Boise and didn't have any friends that were doing it. I talked to people about it and they just give me that. You guys know that blank stare, right? They look at you like, what are you talking about? I'd be so excited. I was like, there's going to be other internet nerds there. I was so excited. So I signed up for the seminar, went out to it and there's this huge room. I was having so much fun just talking nerd with all these other guys who were into internet marketing. We were having so much fun and we sit down and the event starts. There's probably 500 people in the room. The first speaker gets up and he starts doing his thing and starts talking. The end of it, he sold this like for $2,000 you could buy this package. I was like, that's weird. And then all of a sudden, and I'm just like trying to learn internet marketing. I didn't know how the events worked. I know people were selling stuff like, I didn't even know what to expect. And he gets down to this pitch and all of a sudden people start popping up from all over the room and like sprinting to the back and like fighting each other to get there and they're pulling their credit cards out. And I was just like, what in the world is happening? And I look in the back of the room, there's this huge swarm of people around the table. I start counting. So there was $2,000 package he was selling, like two, four, six, eight, ten, twelve, fourteen. I was like, that guy just made like 60 grand. He talked for an hour and he's made $60,000. And I was like, whoa, and then the next guy gets up and he starts doing his whole thing. And he sold a $5,000 package. He does the same thing. People were on the back and doing the math on that. I'm like, that guy just made $100 grand. And for three days, that's what happened over and over and over again. And I was just like, this is like the most fascinating thing in the world. And I was keeping track of all of them. And when all is said and done, from that group of about 500 people from my math, I might have been off a little bit, they had sold over $1 million worth of stuff in three days. I was like, this is amazing. And I remember sitting there, being this shy, awkward kid who never presented, who never really had spoken in front of people and just being like, I gotta learn how to do that. I don't care what it takes, I gotta get out of my shell and figure out how to do that. Cuz if I can do that, that's a skill I have to learn. And so I started to ask people to do an event. So I'm like, hey, can I come speak to your event? I'm making money on the internet. And they're like, all right, so I remember my first time I get this event. And I'm so excited. And I didn't know anything about how this worked. I just knew that other people were doing it. And I remember thinking vividly when the other speakers were there, I'm like, these guys aren't even teaching very cool stuff. The stuff I have is way better than what these guys have to share. My first event, I get up there and I just blew people's minds. I was sharing the most awesome stuff. And I tried to sell at the end. And I remember the worst feeling I've ever felt in my life was right then. I do my pitch and I stop and nobody pops up. And I'm looking out at this huge sea of people. And I'm like, crap. And then everyone's looking around at each other and there's dead quiet, crickets. And everyone's like each other. I'm like, man, the door's clear in the back. And I'm like, I have to get out that door. And so I just awkwardly walked off the stage and walked to the back. And people were like, that was really, really good. And I remember I blanked. It's a single thing. And I was so humiliated. I went back in the hotel room and I shut the door and I stayed there for three days. I did not dare to get out. I was like, I didn't want to see the event promoters. I didn't want to see any of the attendees. I was so humiliated. I was like, this sucks. I will never sell stuff again. Like this is a horrible feeling. And luckily for me, I got over that. And I actually started doing, at the time, this is pre-webinars, but everyone was doing these teles seminars. And I got invited to some teles seminars and it was way less scary for me. So I wasn't standing in from a big group of people. So I started in these teles seminars. And I would do these things. I would just teach for like 50 minutes in the end, I would try to sell something. I was selling really low like $50 things and $100 things. And I started learning kind of how to speak and how to do it through that. We started making sales. And so that's kind of my, the way I broke into it was just doing sales that way, which was kind of cool. And I remember one day my dad, who lives down in Utah, he came up to visit. And I had a teles seminar happening that night. And so he's like, well, how's this work? Like, he didn't really know what I was doing. And I'm like, yeah, come hang out. So he came down to my basement and I was doing this teles seminar. I'm on the phone and I'm doing my whole pitch and I sold. And I kind of screwed up on, I was upset and I made $5,000 in sales. And I remember being like frustrated because I thought, because everything I thought was really, really good. I was like, based on this, we should have done $10,000 or $15,000 in sales. I did five and I remember being all depressed and kind of frustrated. And my dad looked at me, he's like, did you realize what you just did? I'm like, what? He's like, right now I make about $5,000 a month. He's like, you just got on the phone, you were just talking to yourself on the phone for like an hour and now you just made $5,000 a day. That doesn't happen in the real world. I'm like, oh, I never really thought about that. That's actually pretty cool. And so that was like my first time I really realized, wow, this is a, how powerful of a tool is this? We get a group of people to listen to us. We say some words and all some money starts just coming in really, really quickly. So for years I was doing teles seminars. A little while later, webinars came out, which were nice because then we could use PowerPoint slides and it gave us the ability to do a lot more cool things when we were selling. And during this time I was trying to figure this out. I got to figure it out. So I started taking people's public speaking courses. I went through Dan Kennedy's and Bill Glazer's and Armand Moran's and I can probably name off, I don't know, 10 or more others that I went through. Every single time I learned like little pieces and little bits of like, you need to do this different, do this different. And finally after a while I went to my next like a live event and I went to it again. I was so scared and I did the thing and I followed, I followed things to a tee and I made a couple sales. I think I made six sales with a thousand bucks. So it wasn't a ton but I made six grand and I'm like, okay, I'm not afraid to stand in front of people now. People might actually buy and I kept trying it. And I remember one of the biggest points for me is I was, Armand Moran invited me to speak at this big seminar. And I saw him speak the week before at Dan Kennedy's event. And at Kennedy's event there was like a thousand people. Armand did his pitch and it was insane. Like 60% of the people ran in the back, bought his thing and I was just watching. It was the most amazing thing I've ever seen. Armand comes up to me afterwards with a stack of order forms like this fat. And he's like, you want to learn how I did this? I'm like, yeah man, I totally want to learn how to do that. And he's like, each one of these things is worth a thousand bucks. I'm like, I know that's a fat stack of a thousand dollar bills. And he's like, well this is the secret. He's like, next week you're speaking to my event. He's like, if you don't do this, you're going to bomb. If you do this, you're going to make a ton of money. I'm like, what's that? And so he walked me through the stack. So how many of you guys remember the whole stack concept? So he walked me through the stack and said, this is how you do the stack. He's like, do this next week and you're going to make a ton of money. I'm like, all right. So I just listened to him. I made the stack. Went next week to his event, did the whole thing. It was actually the first event that Brent had ever come to me with or come with me to at Armand's event. And I got there on stage. I did my thing. I followed just like he said. I did the stack. I was super, like the first time you do the stack, it's like the most embarrassing feeling in the world, right? You feel stupid. You feel like you use car salesmen. And I was just like, this is embarrassing. Went through the whole thing, closed it, people popped up from all over the place, started running to the back, jumping over each other, fighting. And do you remember how much we sold that Brent? Yeah, something crazy like that. And Brent's just like, I remember him saying, you made 60 or whatever. Because that was our cut, right? So that means it was like 100, because as a speaker, you get half of that. So we did like $120,000 in sales. We got 60 grand. He was like, you just made $60,000 in an hour. I remember him like a whole flat home, like, dude, that's not even like, how do you, you can't even comprehend that. And I was just so grateful for the stack. And ever since then, I've just used the stack. I've never deviated from it, okay? And then I fast forward now. That was probably six or seven years ago. I've had a chance to speak on stage all around the world. I had a chance to do thousands of tele seminars, webinars. And every time I learned something, we keep tweaking it, moving things around. The point where this is kind of what has become. And to kind of give you the power in this. Since our last event, we launched ClickFunnels, right? And when we launched ClickFunnels, I've never really told anyone this. It's kind of embarrassing. But we did our first initial launch. We had a whole bunch of people on board. We launched it and it completely bombed. Did you guys know that? It was like embarrassing. We'd spent like almost a million dollars developing the software. We did launch, and I think we got 1,000 people to sign up. I was expecting like 10, 15, 20,000. That was like our goal. We had 1,000. I was just like, man, this is crap. So for like three or four weeks, I'm trying to tweak things and move things around. Get conversions better. Like nothing we worked, nothing we did even worked. And I was just like, this is frustrating. Like, anyway, I remember just being depressed and frustrated. And then Mike Philson called me up and said, hey, I'm doing an event in a week. And I love that you come speak and sell ClickFunnels. I'm like, well, ClickFunnels is a free trial. He's like, we'll figure out some way to sell it for at least 1,000 bucks. I'm like, all right. So I kind of just put it off. I didn't even think about it. I was kind of in this mood and I'm like, I'm kind of upset about everything. And two days before the event, I still didn't have a presentation. And Mike's like, so everything good? You got your presentation done? He's like, he sent me the slides over. I remember the email. Send me your slides over. I'm like, all right. So I emailed them back. I'm like, oh yeah, I'm still working on it. I'll have them in a minute. I'm like, crap. And so I'm sitting there and I had like a day, day and a half. And so I sat down and I just printed out a perfect webinar. Sit on my desk. Open PowerPoint. And I went through the process. I'm taking you guys through in a minute to develop the offer. We sat in front of the whiteboard, developed the offer, developed the one thing, developed the three secrets. I sat down for the next two days, busting out all the slides, emailed them to Mike, jumped into the plane, flew to San Diego. The event had been, the event started on a Thursday. I started my slides on a Friday. I flew out on Saturday. So like, the event was happening before I even started my slides. Email, email thing over, jumped into plane next morning, flew there Saturday morning, get up on stage. Anyone hear from that group? Was anyone here at Mike's event? Anyway, all nervous, get up there, start doing my thing, and closed it. People popped up. 34% of the room had closed, which for me was a new record. I was just like, holy crap, this thing works. The next week, I wanted to see if this works on a webinar as well. We did a webinar, and I had one that we did at like 10 in the morning with Roger and Barry to their list. They had a huge group on like 700 people, did the webinar and pitched it and did $30,000 in sales, which was way low for what I should have done. I was like, crap. And so what we did is, and I'll talk about this in a minute, but we exported all of the questions that people were asking. I was reading through them real quick. And I had another webinar happening four hours later. I had a four-hour window there. I looked at all these questions like, OK, people are confused about this and this. And I started going through everything really, really quick. We changed some sides, tweaked some stuff. Next presentation, we had about the same people on that one. Four hours later, did it, and boom, did $120,000 in sales four hours later. Next day, did another webinar, did like 90 grand in sales, and within three weeks, we did over a million dollars in sales. And so I love this thing. Like, this is a frame on my wall. This thing is like gold magic. This is 10 years of trial and error, and it just works. So don't deviate from it. Don't try to be creative. Just, I promise you guys, it works. It's not just, it's field tested. It just, it works. OK, so there's my selling you guys on the perfect webinar. All right, so one thing I want to talk about, because I know that you guys are thinking about a lot of this. Like, how does this whole webinar fit into your businesses for this year? I'm going to talk about how it's fit into our business. So as you guys know, we've got a million, like, a thousand different products and services, right? People always tell me, like, Russell, you got 30 different products. Like, where do you send traffic to? There's so many different, like, you drive traffic to all of them? And the answer is typically no. Like, if you're driving traffic at 30 things, it's hard to get really good at any of them, right? And so if you look at our business, this is kind of how it is structured now. So right here is our front end and the back ends. All right, so typically we have, like, one or two really good front ends we drive traffic to. And in the past, we've had a lot of things. We talked about it at two events that we talked about, like, our Dockham Seekers Labs and a couple things like that we've done. Right now, our funnel hacks webinar is converting better than anything. For every dollar we put into advertising, we're making back, like, 10. So it's, like, a huge, huge return. So right now for us, our funnel hacks webinar is our new front end. And we're focusing 100% of all of our traffic generation here. Zero percent on any of our other products and services. Everything's coming right here into funnel hacks. And people buy it. And so this is where the goal of any good front end is to try to break even, right? If I can spend a dollar in advertising to acquire a customer and I make a dollar back, now I've got a customer and I can sell them stuff. So this is my front end. And from here, after someone's gone through the funnel hacks presentation, they're added to our list, obviously. And then we go over here and we've got sequences now that sell all of our other products and services. Okay? So this is kind of how our business is structured now, where that's our major, our main front end. And all of our efforts focus here. So that way we can, we can really just get better and better and better at everything here. Better at the pitch, better at the traffic, better at all those kind of things here. And then after they're on our list, let me focus over here. Okay? And one of the problems that we've had in the past, I think a lot of you guys are struggling with as well, is you've got all these products. You're trying to drive traffic here and here and here and here. You just can't get awesome at anything because you're so scattered between 30 different things, right? That's been the problem we've had. Right now it's live. Yep. And I'll talk about that here. Actually, I think the next slide. All right. So yeah, so right now it's live. So this is kind of the model that we're doing that I highly, highly, highly, highly recommend. You guys start focusing on as well. So this is kind of the game plan. And some of you guys are like, why don't I want to do a live webinar every week, Russell? Okay, if you're making like 80 grand a week, are you okay getting on a webinar for 90 minutes? So high maintenance. Seriously, all of you guys. I'm the same way. So here's our schedule. Okay, here's my week, right? So we got Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday. Okay, there is the week. So what happens is every Thursday, and for me Thursday is like the magic night. Is that what you do year's list? You're Thursdays typically? Thursday is like awesome. Because you think about Friday, no one wants to think they just want to go do Friday stuff, right? Wednesday's not bad. Monday's horrible, weekend's horrible, Friday's horrible. So you got like Tuesdays all right, you don't have much lead time to promote it. So Wednesday's okay, but Thursday's like the gold day. Like that's the day you should be in your head. Like every Thursday is my payday. I'm getting fricking paid a ton of money Thursday. Okay, so that's the game plan. Webinars happen on Thursday. That gives me, I know when I start from Monday till Thursday, this is where we're just driving ads like crazy. We're buying Facebook ads, we're buying solo ads. We're doing everything we can dream of just to fill this event up, try to get as many people as possible, many butts in the seats. So on Thursday I show up, I've got a full room, and then I can do my presentation, boom, do it live on Thursday. And then I've got all weekend long to close people have a follow up sequence. Here I start following up. And I close it down, usually close it down on the weekend, and I start the process back over again. Okay, that's kind of it. If you guys, if you're looking like what's one, what's, everyone always ask me, if I could like, I could see like a week by week, what should I be doing every single week? People always get stuck on that. What should I be doing? Like if you're gonna break down like your week, what it should look like, every single week consistently, that's what it should be. Every Thursday you know you're gonna live a presentation. Monday through Thursday, your goal is to get as many people as possible on that presentation, and then after the presentation is done, you got three or four days just to close sales, close sales, and that's kind of the game. Any questions about that? Yes? Yep. Good question, as far as like. Okay, I'll cover that in three slides, cool? Good question though, cool. Okay, now you asked about the reason why live are automated. So this is my goal you guys, is eventually I wanna automate this, okay? Cuz again, eventually you will get too lazy, or 80 grand a week is like annoying to you. But for right now you wanna do it live, okay? And you wanna do it live, and there's a couple reasons why. And the biggest one is you gotta get live until it's perfected. Now you guys probably can't read this. This is a Facebook post that Joe Lavery posted after he saw the Final Hacks webinar, I did it probably five times and he logged on and watched it. And I saw this, and this kind of explained the concept. He said, Russell Brunson, I'm an odd how good you are at webinar pitching. Watching right now, every trick in the book is being used like a pro. Every slide, every section, every word crafted intentionally. The sequence, the stack, the FAQs, the video testimonials, the offer. Almost every objection planned for and obliterated. The countdown timer, overwhelmingly awesome execution. I don't think I've seen a better presentation, bro. Okay, hashtag on top of your game. Hashtag good guy gets richer. Hashtag much respect. I don't know what that means. I've never actually hashtagged my entire life. I don't even know how to do it. So, but this is the reason why I said that, not to say anything good about me. But the reason why is because I've done this thing live probably 20 times in the last month, and every time I do it, we watch what questions come in. After I read on my Brent John, who was answering questions and answering live with me, one of the major questions, be like, this question, this question, this question. And I'm fixing it and I'm tweaking it. When I spoke at Phil Stam's event and I did the presentation, again I close 34% the room, next morning I was leaving to go jump in my plane and this lady came up and said, your presentation was awesome. And I was like, cool, did you get signed up? She's like, no, I can't because I don't have a supplement. Like what? She's like, I don't have a supplement so I can't do your thing. I'm like, what are you talking about? She's like, well, you showed how you made a bunch of money with your supplement. I'm like, but that doesn't mean you have to have a supplement. Like this works for any kind of business. She's like, really? I'm like, what do you do? She's like, I'm a coach. I'm like, this works perfect for coaches. And I explain the whole process. She's like, wow, I didn't even know. She's like me and three of my friends are all coaches and we're all depressed. We couldn't buy her things. We don't have a supplement. I'm like, serious? She's like, yeah. And so she got all excited and she went and she went and bought it and three friends bought it. And I was like, dang, so the next presentation, guess what I did? You guys will see it today. As soon as I show, Jameil does his testimonial talking about how I came out there helping their supplement. In my next slide it says, look, now a lot of you guys may not have a supplement. That's okay because not only does this work for supplements, this works for coaching funnels. It works for info product funnels. It works for e-commerce funnels. It works for real business funnels. And I bring all those people in. And then I actually show them. In fact, who here's a coach? Here's my coaching funnel. Who here's this? And I show them. And all of a sudden, now I've spoken to everybody. I wouldn't have even known that. I would have made an automated webinar. I would have pitched out there and for the next 20 years I would have lost 80% of my income. 30% of my income because I didn't know that. Because I knew that, I made those tweaks. Boom. Now, what did Joel say? He said, every objection planned for and obliterated. When we started the live webinars, every single time people were like, well, how about this? Like one of the questions when we give people a year long account to click funnels is like, why am I a click funnels member? So I had to go back and add verbiage into that. And I added that stuff in the next webinar that I said, if you're already a click funnels member, don't worry. You don't have to pay for an entire year. And the next question people kept, what happens in a year? What happens in a year? And so for three webinars, I didn't have that. So after three webinars, after we kept seeing over and over and over again, through the slide in there, it says, now for those of you guys who were asking what happens after a year, this is what happens. And all of a sudden, boom, those questions gone. And within four or five, six times we'd be doing this, we know every single question you could possibly dream of. And I blocked it. I figured out the answers to it. So now if I make an automated one, which by the way, I recorded on Friday last week, but I've done it 25 times ahead of time. And there's no question left unturned. Like when you watch that thing, it's rock solid because I've tried it every single angle and we've got it that way. So that's why it's important to do it live a bunch of times because there's so much stuff you're going to learn. Each time you get better and better and better until all of a sudden it becomes this perfect thing. And now it's the spot where you can go back and automate it and do stuff. And we'll talk tomorrow more about the automation process and things like that. But I want to just make that, understand that, make it live until you've got it perfected. All right, expectations because this is a problem that a lot of you guys in the room have had who've done the webinar already is, it's like, what's the expectations, right? So what I'm typically trying to do, first off, I want you to know that the very first webinar you do, you're not going to make a million bucks, sorry. I've known this a long time, I've got a big list, I've got a lot of, so I'm able to make a lot faster because of that. At first you're not going to be able to do that, so sorry about that. But the good thing is this is a process. And in fact, Richard did his webinar for you at, at his webinar a little while ago, or last week, and he got done, and okay, if I pick on you a little bit. Okay, he did it, and he messes with me afterwards, and was frustrated, he knew as well as he thought, and he's like all upset, and like, I spent so much time on this thing. I was like, wait, wait, wait, I'm like, don't, don't throw it out. Like, you spent all this time, like, you're like 99% there, we just got to go and like, figure out now, what are the tweaks, what are the changes? And so, like literally the difference between a webinar, and I'll show you some of the numbers here in the next slide, I think. A webinar that, that might make, you know, a couple thousand bucks a month, a webinar makes a hundred grand a month, it's like little tiny changes, it's not very big, it's like little tweaks and little changes. And so the first time, first few times you're not trying to make money, you're trying to figure out like what are those tweaks and those changes before you dump a ton of money into advertising, right? So for me, what I try to do initially is I try to figure out what's my product I'm selling. If I'm selling a thousand dollar product, or two thousand, or five thousand, whatever that, that number is, that's what I'm going to invest in, in traffic initially. So again, let's say, excuse me, funnel hacks is a thousand bucks, so my first time if I was doing it, I know I'm going to invest a thousand dollars in ads, because if I can make one sale, then I break even. Okay, that's my initial goal. So for all you guys, that should be your first thing, like my webinar is done, I think I've probably had ten of you guys have asked me, what should my budget be? My question is, or my answer is always the same. Whatever your price point is, is your product, make that your budget for your first webinar. Okay, because all you have to do is make one sale and break even, and if you lose it and you lost one sale, maybe the next time you can, you know, but that's always, that's always the number I'm looking for. So if you have a thousand dollar product, do a thousand dollars in ads for the first, for the first one, okay? The next thing to kind of talk about percentage is, oh gosh, come back here, so when you do this, when you start, we start driving traffic to this, this is one of the frustrating things, is that you pay money for someone to register for your webinar and that person never shows up, right? Like, what are the numbers people always ask? So for us, we're getting on the low end about 15% to show up on the high end about 30%. If I get 30%, like, that's amazing, that's a third of the people. It means two thirds of the people don't show up live, okay? And I'll show you guys tomorrow a bunch of things that we can do to move it from here to here to increase the show up rate, but that's kind of what's happening. So just expect that. Sometimes it's lower. I know some of you guys had like 10%, 15% that showed up. That happens sometimes, okay? And then from there, you jump on the webinar, you do the webinar. Now to put this in perspective, when I spoke at the live seminar Phil Sames event, we closed 34% of the room. I spoke at GKIC about a month later. I think we did 49% of the room. If I had one more person there, I'd have 50% of the room. It's like, never in 50%. That was my record. So that's live. And that's like, this is my highest closed rate ever. When I get on an actual webinar, so this is to put things in perspective, we're getting about 15% closed rate. There's like your shift. So if you get a 15% closed rate on a webinar, like you're a millionaire. So don't expect right now to get a 15% closed rate on a webinar. 10% is awesome. If you can close 10, so if you get 100 people on and you close 10, again, that's a million dollar webinar. And so 10% is like your goal. So don't think you're, so that's what's hard. A lot of times people will say, well, I had seven people show up my webinar. I didn't close any. What's hard because the sample size is so small, it's hard to know. You need at least about 100 people live to get like a good idea of what your closing percentage is. But again, 10% is awesome. You can make 100 money like a 5%, 8%, 7% conversion rate. Yeah. Let's say for example, let's say I promote this, right? And I get 1,000 people to register. So that's about what we have for the one this afternoon. So my goal is hopefully I'm going to get about 30%. So if I get 300 people on live, which I don't know if I'm quite that high, but let's just say 300 on live, then it's the 10% of the people that are on live. So today if we have 300 people on live, that'll give me what, 30 people at 10%? 10,000. So that put me at 30 grand today on the live webinar. It's kind of what, that's about where I hope to be at. Maybe a little bit higher, you know, if I don't screw up. But that's kind of the numbers. Now that's on the live. Now you can come back and have the follow up sequence and everything else. And that 10%, or 5%, get to 10, 10 can get to 15, 15 can get to 20 by doing all the rest of the follow up sequences and stuff like that. Yeah. You're telling me you're looking at the movie, you're looking at the movie. Yeah. You're like making fun of me in front of everybody. I'm just kidding. No, we haven't been at all, yeah. Good questions. All right. So I guess I'm a little bit better at understanding what you're looking at. The question is what was the highest price point for the webinar? For me personally, I think 29.97, so about three grand. For me personally, I don't personally like sell more than $1,000 on a webinar just because like, that's just me. I don't know. I think $1,000 is just like, I feel good at that price point I love. At a stage typically, usually I'll sell at $2,000 to $3,000 from a stage presentation more so. Webinars, I usually try to do that $1,000 or below. But there are people that have been successful with like, I can't remember your first name, Chris. Chris right here, he does that. What price point did you guys sell your stuff at? Yeah, we're just three grand. Yeah, two or three grand. Yeah, two or three grand. Yeah. So it just kind of, it just kind of depends. Some people sell, where's Nick at? Where you telling me you're selling your stuff at? There you are. What's the price point you're selling your stuff at? Five, 15 grand. Yeah, so you can do a lot higher. Just kind of where you're comfortable at. Good question. All right. Okay, and then again, you guys, last one really bad expectations is understanding that this is your front end, right? If you spend $1,000 promoting a webinar and you make one sell on the webinar, a lot of people are like, that sucks, I only made one sell, I broke even. But you have to understand that if you did that, you spent a thousand, let's say, let's say I spent $1,000 on a webinar, from that I got 500 registrants, and from that I made $1,000. Like, most people look at it like, oh crap, I lost. I didn't, that's not a winner, right? That's a winner. That's, what just happened here? This is like, this thing right here, this is the real goal of everything. Okay, I look at the webinar, my goal of the webinar is to break even. If I can break even, I got a whole bunch of customers for free. Okay? If I do it profitably, then I just got, you know, if you do it profitably it's even better, it's free cash. But if you can just break even and get new customers, now I got 500 new subscribers to my list for free, that's really my goal. Because now I can sell these guys all this other stuff that I've got. Okay? Does that make sense? So don't be concerned if you don't make a ton of profit here. And hopefully you will. If you structure it right, our goal obviously is to make profit on the front end. But you can build a multi-million dollar business when you're just breaking even right here. Every time you do a webinar, you're getting whole bunch more customers coming in. Now you can sell them number two, number three, all the other stuff you sell back here, there's no advertising cost. And that's really the game plan. So think about that as you're doing these things, is that that is all that's through front end. Okay. All right. So what I want to do now, okay, so this is the, this is kind of the perfect webinar script here. Sweet, my laser's working. All right. So I'm going to, there's just kind of two things I want to cover today. Again, if you haven't watched the presentation yet, go back and watch it. That's where I go through every little step in here and kind of tell you why and that stuff. I'm not going to go that deep into it today. But the two things I want to cover, first off is the actual offer and second is the content. Because in that, the presentation I gave you guys before, I never talked about the offer. And that's really like, that's the key. The offer's like the, what you're selling, right? If you give that part right, then everything else comes a lot easier. So I'll talk about it. So your hot offer. This is a quote, one of my favorite quotes from Gary Halbert. He said, properly exploited, one good idea that occurs to you while walking on the beach is worth more than 10 lifetimes of hard work. Okay. Who here believes that? Okay. It's true. If you have one good idea. So the key here is we've got to create an offer. Like, we've got to create something that's sexy and exciting that people are going to want to buy. You can pitch this thing as amazing as you want, but if the offer's not good, no one's going to run the back, right? No one's going to pull a credit card on the wall and buy. You've got to, the offer's like, it's got to be super good. All right. So a couple things to kind of talk about this. So I call this wrapping your offer. If you think about this, like, all of us are in different types of businesses, right? Where's the markers go? We're all in a bunch of different kinds of businesses. And how many of you guys have a business where it's kind of like a commodity where you're going head to head with somebody else? Where you almost have the exact same thing. Chad's got one. You guys got one. Yeah. So a lot of us have, like, businesses that are kind of commoditized. If you're in, like, a network marketing program, you are, because everyone's selling the exact same thing. You know, there's a lot of things like that. So what I look at is, like, is I have to feel like, first off is what's the real thing I'm selling, right? So here's the thing that I'm selling. And so if you think about, for the Funnel Hacks webinar that you guys are going to see later today, the thing I was really selling is ClickFunnels. Like, that's what I'm trying to sell is ClickFunnels, right? But ClickFunnels was a free trial. And after two weeks, I think it was $97 a month. So how do I turn that into a $1,000 product, gives people a sprint to the back of the room? Right? I got to take here, here's my core offer, the thing that I'm really selling, and then I got to wrap it in all this other stuff that makes it get really, really sexy. Okay? So for example, for Chad, so Chad's a chiropractor, and so that's kind of his core offer. And here in Boise, there's a chiropractor, what, three or four each street? Or is there more in that? Yeah, they're everywhere, right? So he's selling a commodity. And so for him to go compete, like, it's hard because he's got everything else. So with Chad's webinar, which is really, really smart, what he's coming back and doing, he's taking that and he's wrapping it in stuff that makes him unique, right? He's giving people tests, he's giving people coaching, he's giving all these other things. Now, this thing that, right now, every other chiropractor in town is selling for 40 bucks. He wraps this and makes this really hot offer, and now he can sell this thing for a thousand bucks. Okay? Think about network marketing. The reason why whenever we do network marketing, we always do really, really well is everyone else is selling this product. We're selling the same product, so how do I wrap that in a bunch of stuff to make it sexy, right? I wrap it in content and other things. Our supplement, we're coming out with a supplement here, another, a new supplement for entrepreneurs, it's going to be really exciting. We're competing with a lot of other people selling similar type products, right? But what's cool is I'm going to be able to charge 10 times as much as everybody else, because they're selling the same thing as me, okay? But because I'm wrapping it in all this other stuff, and this will make more sense when I kind of break it down in a second, I'm wrapping it in all this other stuff, I can charge 10 times as much for the exact same thing, okay? So, let me show you what I mean by that. So, this is two examples of two of our offers. On the left-hand side here is our high ticket secrets offer, and this is our funnel hacks offer, okay? So, for high ticket secrets, this is kind of like, this is the actual offer. Anyone here ever seen that webinar? The thing that I was selling was Robbie Summers. Robbie was what I was selling. If you watch the whole webinar, it's like this dude who came and he trained our people and they couldn't make any sales, he spent an hour, he graced their presence with an hour, next day they did $36,000 in sales, right? So, what I'm selling is one of my sales people to train their salespeople. That's my core offer. So, look right here, Robbie in a box, that's the core thing that I'm selling. We had two hours of videos of Robbie training someone, like, I can make that really sexy, but what I've also done is two hours of Robbie training somebody, right? So, how do I sell a two-hour DVD for $1,000? Okay, I've got to wrap in some stuff. So, I'm like, what are the other things that we need, right? What are the other things that they're missing and I build on all these other things? Okay? We're with funnel hacks. What was I selling? Okay? I'm selling, I'm selling ClickFunnels. That's my core thing I'm trying to sell is ClickFunnels, okay? Which right now, again, they can get for free if they go to ClickFunnels.com. So, how do I sell it for $1,000? I've got to wrap it. So, I wrap it in a six-week training course. I wrap it with traffic. I wrap it with copyright. I wrap it with all these other things to bulk it up to make it this awesome thing, okay? So, for you guys, a couple of things you've got to start thinking about. First off is what are you actually selling? Do you guys have in your books that there should be two floating papers? You see one? Can I get one of those? One of those pages? Real quick. We're going to do an exercise here in a second. Because this is the thing that you really got to understand is how you wrap this to make it really, really sexy and exciting, okay? Perfect. Thank you. All right. Okay. So, this is the exercise. We're going to do this exercise here. We have about a five-minute thing where you guys are going to have a chance to fill this out. So, think about this as you're going through it. So, my first question on here is what are you really selling? Okay? So, we would sit down to do the funnel hacks presentation. We got down in front of the whiteboard. I had Brent and John, a couple of guys, we sat on the whiteboard and I was like, okay, when we do this, what's the offer going to be? Okay, it always starts with this. I'm like, what's the offer? Because if I can figure out the offer, I can build a presentation to match it. Okay? So, what's the offer? So, my first thing is what am I really selling? So, for this, I'm like, well, our goal is to sell ClickFunnels. So, let's make it like a one-year account to ClickFunnels. So, one-year account to ClickFunnels, right? So, that's the core thing that I'm selling. If I was selling a supplement through a webinar, my core thing would be my supplement. If I was in a network marketing program, my core thing would probably be my network marketing program. If I've got a physical business, it would be that physical thing. If it's, but it's the real thing you're trying to sell, right? The core thing. With high ticket secrets, I'm selling this training where Robbie's going to train yourselves people. So, each of you I should have kind of what that is. If you don't know what it is yet, just kind of think about that. Okay? Okay, now the easiest and the fastest way to dramatically balloon your price on whatever you're selling now is to wrap it with a training component. Training component. Okay? Because training, there's no like actual costs on your side, right? You're giving people training, but the perceived value, that's huge. Okay? For example, when we launch our entrepreneur, our entrepreneur, Neutropic, it's going to be a whole brain enhancing thing for entrepreneurs. That's what my product is, right? But again, you can buy Neutropics for 50 bucks for a bottle all over the place. So, if I want to sell these for a thousand bucks, I had to come to act and have like a six-week course, train somebody on like all these other neural, cool things that make this whole thing possible, right? Okay? With ClickFones, we wrapped it to a six-week master class, teach people how to use ClickFones, all the ways you can use it. With High-Ticket Secrets, we wrapped it with a four-webinar series teaching people the whole process. Does that make sense, so? So, training. Now, the training component is sometimes this will be your core offer. Some of you guys' business is like your core offer is the actual training. Some businesses, that's not, and so you got to add that. Now, typically what I found, I like doing six-week training for a couple different reasons. First off, usually I have a 30-day guarantee, and so if I have a six-week training, what does that do? It gets me past the refund period, because people want to go through the whole thing, and then at that point, I think I've gone through all six weeks, they've already gone through the 30-week refund period, and they're not going to refund. When we did the one mistake we made with High-Ticket Secrets is we had four training sessions. People went through all four of them, the last one was right when they're rebuilding, we had a bunch of cancellations come through, so we got it all over cancelling. I'm like, crap. So, I always use six weeks now, because I always want to take them through the rebuild period. I don't do longer than six weeks, because longer than six weeks seems like a lot of work, right? With Richard, that's one of the things I kind of mentioned, his is like 13, and I'm like, wow, 13, I guess it seems like work, I don't want to go to school, like, so longer than six seems like work. The other thing I found is one of my first training courses I ever did almost 10 years ago was called affiliate boot camp, and I promised people 14 modules, and I kept going through it, and then I was like, I'm going to over deliver. So, I ended up doing 15 more modules. We had 30 weeks of training, and I remember after week 28, I had a whole bunch of angry people email me, and I was like, why are you guys angry? I'm over delivering, I'm giving tons of stuff, and people were like, when is this training going to end? We just want this to be over with, and they were frustrated, and I realized that people like completion, they like finality, they like when things are over, and so if you keep this loop open forever, they get upset and they get frustrated, so you think that you're serving people by giving them more, but a lot of times it's not that way. So I always say, it's like my now standard, I don't deviate from that, we launch our supplement, it'll be a six week course that goes with it, we launch our supplement secrets webinar next month, it'll be a six week course, like everything we're doing wraps with a six week course, that's like, again, get some past the rebuild period, but it's not super long, where they never feel like they have completion and they end anything. The next question I have then here, question number three, are what are the holes, like after they have the main product and the training component, what are the other holes that they have that keeps them from having a complete picture, that keeps them from being complete? So for example, in funnel hacks, you've got software and you've got the funnel training, so they know how to use the software now, but what else do you guys need to make a funnel successful? Here everyone's like, well how do I get people to show up to my funnel? So traffic is the next hole, right? Okay, boom, I'm gonna give you traffic, now traffic's taking care of it. What's the next hole? Well how do I write the copy on the pages? Boom, we take care of that, so the copy is gone. Next thing is like, the next big hole is like, someone joins my list, what do I send? So boom, email sequences, so boom, boom, boom, I knock out all of the holes in that offer. So now this becomes a complete thing where it's just perfect. Okay, so now I take a secret. So right here, you get Robbie training, training yourself person, teaching him how to close holes for you, what are the holes? Okay, again one hole, they don't have traffic, one hole is like, how do I hire people, how do I pay them commissions and all this kind of stuff? So we give them training on how we do that, we give them a consult with Robbie, we give them, so like all the other pieces that they need. Now the cool thing about the bonuses you guys, and this is really the key, typically you don't want any of your bonuses to be more training. The last thing people need is like more training. The best bonuses are usually like templates or like little things. One of our bonuses with Robbie's is the ad we use to hire people. So it's like it's a little tiny like classified ad, and that's the whole bonus. And people are like, sweet, if I just had that ad, that's where so much more than like a four week training on how to write an ad, I just give them the ad. So you think about that, like these things don't have to be huge, they just have to be really, really cool. So you've got like systems in your company, I can say you're selling them, Liz don't you sell systems with yours, or you sell templates? Yeah templates are huge, templates, systems, you know, if you look at even the way I sold traffic hacks and inception seekers, it wasn't like here's an 18 week training on how to get traffic, it's like I have these little handouts, they have these little pictures on here and this helps you get traffic. Okay, because that's what people want, these little tangible things, and so the nice thing is you don't have to go and create a ton of stuff typically, usually it's one page or a couple things or a template, something little, but it has such high perceived value, because for them to go get that, they can't just go and find that online, it's something that's proprietary to you and to your system and to what you're doing, does that make sense? And that's how we create our offers you guys, like that's it, the core thing, the training, and then what are the holes, we try to fill those holes, and I don't try to fill them with more training typically, I try to fill them with things that meet the needs. Good question, it says how do you approach, how you value them? So what I do, honestly what I do, I kind of just pull out a number, throw it up, like that's the reality, but there's a little bit more behind it, not much, but there's a little bit more. So what I'm trying to do, when I build out my stack, I want my stack offer to be 10 times with the actual prices, okay? So if I'm selling something for $9.97, then I know this needs to add up to about $10,000, $10,000, $10,000, $11,000, right? So I do that, that's my thing, it's 10 times, so I know whatever my price point, so again say my price is $9.97, alright, I need to make this equal at least $9.997, right? So I'm going to say click funnels is worth $3K, this is worth $5K, so we're at $8,000, now I need $1K, $9,000, $10,000, $11,000, boom, perfect. That's about as intense as I get, but that's it, does that help? What are the questions you guys have about this? Yes? I'm going to ask you guys, is it still available? Why, you want to buy it? Just kidding. I have someone who I couldn't do that. Yeah, we're actually about to launch that as an automated one, but yes, and you guys all have the product in your members' area, so I'm not trying to sell you guys anything. Cool, you guys are about to do this as an exercise, so any other questions before I let you guys do this? Welcome back. I wanted to do that experience, or that process, because a lot of times people go and they'll create a whole webinar and not know what they're selling, and for me, just on my side of the process, this is where it all begins. It's me and for a white board saying, what's it going to look like? Figuring that piece out, because your content, everything else is going to be tied back to what you're creating here. If you guys have questions, feel free also to, after the event, not this whole weekend, but after the event, to Vox me, and be like, hey, this is something of my offer, what do you think? We kind of work back and forth and identify exactly what that's going to be. Okay, so the next piece of it I want to talk about is the content piece, because this is the other thing that was one of the big problems I had when I first got started in this game is I was so impressed with how much content I had that I wanted just to teach everything, and the problem with teaching everything is it does not cause people to want to buy, and you're actually doing people a huge disservice by teaching everything, because first off, you can't teach everything they need to know in 45 minutes to an hour, and so you're getting fragmented stuff anyway, and then they don't take action because you didn't craft things right. If you want to serve people at the highest level, you've got to create it in a way that causes people to take actions, now you can help them at a more intimate level. So a couple things to begin with, and this is one, I came up with this this week because one of our members gave me a video to check out, and I was looking at it, and it was all right. It was bad, it was really bad, and I told him back, I was like, I was trying to think like, what was it so bad about? Why did I hate it so bad? And I sit in our box, you're trying to think like, how do I give my feedback of why I hated this thing so bad, and he's not here in the room, so don't worry. So I'm not making, if he was here, I'd be using my words a little differently, but he's not here, so I can say it. So I find a message back, I'm like, look dude, you've got two big issues. First off, you are not prolific, and you're not specific, and I kind of dug deeper, and so with his presentation, what he was teaching people how to do was back in cells, and he was like, has this whole presentation, it's all this build up, he's like, this one is, it's back in cells. And I was like, such a big let down because everyone in my world is talking about back in cells, and just the word back in cells is so overused, and so, and I said, look dude, if you want people to take action and be excited about this, you have to be prolific, and 99% of people being prolific is how you name things. As dumb as that sounds, the whole people judge a book by its cover, right? So the first thing you got to change, and I was kind of comparing with him, did any of you guys come into our coaching program through the Black Box Funnel, that video? A couple of you guys. So there's a video that we have called, I think it's blackboxfunnel.com, and it's kind of teaching back in stuff, very similar to what this guy was selling, but I called it the Black Box Funnel. It just sounds different, you're like, whoa, what's that thing? It's name different, and it sounds more prolific, so that was the first thing. The second thing is when he was going through his training, and he was sharing stuff, he was very vague, and like, oh yeah, so you can do this, and if you want you can try this, or you can do this way, or you know, tons of different ways to do it, and I was like, you can't do that. Again, if you want to inspire people to action, you have to be very, very specific. So prolific and specific are the two goals when you're doing your content, okay? And by specific, I mean, again, I'll share the Black Box Funnel, like when I go through that training presentation, I don't say, yeah, you just, you know, you have to squeeze page if you want, and you want, there's another, you know, and you kind of do this over here. I got very, very specific. Like I said, the first page has to look like this. The second page has to look like this. The third page has to look like this. I'm very, very specific on what it needs to be. Okay, if I'm not very, very specific, it makes people feel like you're not confident, it makes people feel wishy-washy, and they're like, this guy has nobody who's talking about. Okay, if I came up here with my perfect webinar script, I'm like, hey guys, here's the perfect webinar, it's got some stuff, you can kind of do whatever you want, just make sure you have fun with it, and no, like, I've tried to drill in your guys' heads that like, you need to be very, very specific. Do not deviate from the script because it works perfectly, right? Because of that, you guys listen and you respect that and you actually do it. If I would have been like, I wish you washed, you wouldn't. So when you're doing your content, whatever it is you're teaching guys, two things, being very, very prolific, which 99% of that is just how you name things, okay, and number two is being very, very specific. Don't give people options, tell them this is the only way to do it, and that's what gets people to like, okay, cool, I'm in, I gotta do it because this is the only way to make this work. Does that make sense? Okay, so that's the, I wish I could take a t-shirt that says that, prolific and specific. All right, so here's the content portion of the perfect webinar script. Now I think that the first time I taught this in the presentation once you guys watched, I don't think I was very specific, or as specific enough as I should have with the bottom line there, okay, so break and rebuild their belief patterns. That's kind of the core piece of this, okay, and I think that I've underplayed that and I shouldn't have, because when you're creating your presentation, and this will tie back into the whole prolific thing as well, is you have to be talking against what their current belief patterns are, okay. If what you were saying in your content is what their belief patterns already are, you're not prolific, they already believe that way, so you're like, oh yeah, I know that, okay. You have to talk, you have to talk of something different, so you have to figure out like, what are the belief patterns that they have right now about what you're selling, you have to identify that, and then from there, that's how you go back and create your three secrets, okay. Does that make sense? Let me kind of show some examples. I'll go here first, so three secrets. So for example, people that are doing high ticket sales, which is what our high ticket secrets is about, so these are my three secrets. One is I can make more money in one day selling high ticket products than I can in an entire month selling normal products, okay. So the belief system that people have is like, hey, I'm just going to sell crap on Amazon, hey, I'm going to just sell e-books, hey, I'm going to sell membership sites, like that's the belief pattern people have, so I got to like destroy that belief pattern, like no, I've done that stuff, it sucks, you make way more money doing this way, okay, so I'm breaking the pattern. The next thing they have is, I don't personally have to sell anything, big plus because I hate the phones, okay. Every other high ticket course out there teaches people how to pick up the phone and do phone sales. I don't know about you guys, but I freaking hate phone sales. I can sell from an audience really, really well. You put me one on one with anybody, I can't ever close the deal. When Robby and Randy and these guys first started selling for me, they always like, hey, this guy's almost over the edge, can you just talk to him real quick if he talks to you, he's going to sign up. I'm like, oh, sure, I start talking to him and at the end of it, I'm like, yeah, you can just have him for free, dude, it's cool. They're like, what are you doing? I'm like, I always just screw it up, so I don't talk on the phone ever. That's my big selling point because every other high ticket course out there is teaching you how to do phone sales. I didn't want to do phone sales, so that's my big thing, you don't ever have to get on the phone. I've never gotten the phone ever and we're doing insane numbers, you don't have to get on the phone, so boom, breaking a paradigm shift, breaking their beliefs. Number three is that people, they think to get high ticket sales, you have a ton of traffic. I can't do that because I don't have any traffic coming through. In fact, I had a guy today, email me who wants to actually join the group here with you guys, and right now he's selling 3,000 front ends a day, or excuse me, 3,000 front end products a month and from there he's doing his coaching, he's getting hardly any, so he's driving insane numbers like traffic wise coming through the front end and he's doing it backwards. I'm not going to tell him after he signs up, but it's super easy, he's just got the math wrong. You can do this right, you don't have to send a ton of traffic like he's doing, you just have to get the right people and so the whole third paradigm here is like you don't have tons of traffic, you can do this as small as like 100 clicks a day, you can build up your high ticket business. So again, there's the three core beliefs people have and that's how I shattered them. With FunnelHack, same thing, the first big belief I was trying to destroy there is everyone thinks that I've got to go and create a funnel and I've got to figure out what I want and this kind of stuff and my big thing is like no you do not. My big secret number one is like you don't be creative, you just copy what's already working. Who here has seen the FunnelHack's presentation? Okay, about half of you guys. So that's like, just copy it, right? Number two is like typically it takes two or three months to build out a funnel, I'm breaking that no, you can do it in 10 minutes if you use click funnels and number three is that traffic is really, really hard, now I'm going to show you how easy it is, all you do is this, this and this and you get traffic. So I'm figuring out what the belief patterns are of my dream customers and then my contents, the opposite of those three things, does that make sense? So for you guys, I think about like when the people you want to buy and your stuff, like what are their belief patterns, what are the things that are keeping them from listening to you? Okay, people always ask about the prolific and this is how you become prolific is by shifting their belief patterns. It's not about being creative, it's just by looking at what they actually believe and breaking it and teaching your stuff the opposite way. So that's the three secrets and then, and this is the one thing, I should probably let it this, this is the one thing, so the one thing is typically like the headline or the presentation title and this is like the one thing that all three of these secrets kind of support. So for our high ticket secrets is how to instantly add high ticket, how to instantly add high ticket sales to your sales funnel without personally talking to anyone on the phone ever. Okay, so that's the core message and then my three secrets are what holds that concept up. With funnel hacks is my weird niche funnel, it's really making 17 grand a day, how do I think I can knock it off 10 minutes. So the cool thing is like these are two different ways to structure the one thing. The first one was following kind of template I like a lot which is how to blank without blank. I learned that from Dagen Smith, so that's how we did that one, how to do this without doing this. How to do the thing they want to do without doing the thing they're scared to do. So like network marketing, Dagen had a really good headline network marketing, it's like how to close sales all day long without ever picking up a phone because people in network marketing, their biggest fear is the phone, like I don't want to pick up the phone. So you give them their dream and you take away their nightmare. So that's that kind of thing here. This one over here is like a pure curiosity play. That's how we did this one right here. So there's different ways to kind of structure your one thing and just kind of comes down to you. I like both of these work really well. How to what without this and then how to like just pure curiosity. I did this one because at the time we were doing a ton of traffic for our supplement ads and so I was looking at tons of other people's supplement ads and like I'm sure you guys have seen them on Facebook and everywhere. Everyone's supplement ads like one weird berry cures cancer, right? Or one weird, everything was like weird, weird, weird. So I'm like, you know, I'm going to do weird online. So that's what we call it, my one weird, because I first had my, I think when I started, my one sales or my one sales phone is making 17 grand a day. I'm like, that's kind of, it's good, it's kind of bland. And I was like, my one niche funnel, because now it's like, what's the niche? It's different. Like they kind of made it more like curiosity based. Like what's the niche? And I made my weird niche because they're like, just you're going to make more and more curiosity based. And then I added like the other piece here, which is the, because the one problem I had with this first headline initially is that it was all about me and people don't really care about you. They care about themselves. And so that was what I led with. I was like, I don't like it because I feel like I'm just bragging. I hate that. Like what's the purpose of it? Like what's actually in it for them? And that's what's in them. And so I had like how to knock it off in 10 minutes, but I'm like, people aren't going to want that. They don't want to like, so we put the word ethically in there. And I was like, okay, cool. This is like, that's the package. That's the one thing that really speaks to what we're trying to accomplish. So for you guys, when you structure your content, that's how we do it. And this, for me, the perfect webinar, this was the piece that was missing for years. I never did, I used to come to a webinar, I'd get up and then for like 15 minutes, I'd just like teach as much stuff as I could and it's all over the place and it didn't do well. When I started structuring my content this way, where it's finding the belief pattern, shattering it, and then do it that way, that's when my content now was leading to the cell. It was pushing everything over as opposed to being just like this hindrance in the middle that was just me just blah, blah, blah, for a while. Okay. And what's interesting about this too is like, if you do it right, you're, how to say, you're not like, you're not actually teaching somebody a whole bunch of stuff. Like when you guys see me at the webinar today, like I'm not teaching a whole bunch, there's a little bit there, but the goal is not to teach them, it's to, it's like open their mind to the possibilities of what it is you're trying to do. Okay. Does that make sense? So it's not so much, and Chad, when Chad was working on his new presentation, which just turned out really, really good, the first time he called me, he was like, this is how it's going to be, and he was going on, it was all this like teaching stuff, remember? And I'm like, no, that's all crap, like cut it all out, like, your goal is not to teach somebody what you know. One of our big issues we all have is like, we're good at what we do, and we know a lot of stuff, we want to like show people how much we know, that's not what you're trying to do here. The content piece is not about showing what you know, it's about explaining it to them and showing to them the hope. That's really what it is. And if I can do that, then it becomes really easy. Like if you guys see today when I do the webinar, when I get to secret number three, you should see the comments that come through on, on go to webinar. When I share that, people are like, oh my gosh, all makes sense now, this is when I share like how to get traffic, and they're like, this whole time I haven't been able to get traffic, and they have this like release where they're just like, oh, like, I have hope again, because I never thought I could make money online because I could never get that one piece. This is when I share secret number three, people are just like, oh, and I don't really teach them how to do it, I just kind of explain the concept, like this is kind of how it works, and they're like, boom, and then I got them at that point, okay? So structuring the content is super important, and if you do it this way, and this is the focus right here, is figuring out what their beliefs are, and then breaking them and rebuilding them, that's the magic. That's what makes that work, okay? So again, there's example of our one thing headlines, and then there's our three secrets here. So what I want to have you guys do, do you have your other paper here? Three false belief patterns. Okay, so what I want you guys to do is for the product you're trying to sell and the customers you're going after, I want you to think for a minute on that, it's like, what are the belief patterns they're having? Okay, so if I was in the weight loss industry, they'd be like, what's the belief pattern? They'd probably believe that they can never eat good food again, okay? Or maybe they'd believe that they've got to exercise all day long. Maybe they'd believe, like, what are the things that they believe they have to do that you know your product just annihilates, okay? If I was in the network marketing industry, you know, it would be about, they have to call their warm market, their friends and family, they've got to be on the phone, like those are the ones I would do, and I'd try to obliterate them, okay? If I was in stocks, like, what are the fears that your people have? If you're in personal development, what are the fears? Like, think about what it is, and then write down, like, what the false belief pattern is, and then what's your secret that destroys that, the opposite of that?