In this video about social networking we are looking at Bebo today. It is a social networking site that members can use to basically stay in touch with college friends, connect up with people, share photos, videos, music. It is different in some respects to some of the other social networking sites but also has a lot of similarities and popularity as well. What most people do not realize is that Bebo is actually one of the largest social networking sites in the UK, Ireland and New Zealand. It is roughly the third largest behind MySpace and Facebook in the States at the time of doing this video. It officially launched back in July of 2005 and it has got something like 34 plus million registered members watching something crazy like 7 billion page views a month. It was the most search for term in 2006 apparently according to Google's like guys. So who is going to argue with those guys? It actually won a Webby Award in 2006 as well which was voted as the best social networking site in the world. So it has got some weight behind it so if you are not used to using it at this time I highly recommend you do. There are some parts that are geared towards the UK market but most of it is certainly it is an international site. On here you have got things such as the home where you can see things spots of people, Kate Modern. This is like an ongoing kind of a TV series if you like. It is a little snippet set up every day. It is a group of drama students that are making like an ongoing little TV show. There is music on here so if you have got bands that are trying to get now known also there are some well known bands on here as well but there are bands on here that are building a fan base and doing very well because of it that are on here. What is new points out obviously what is new information about staying safe on the site. You have got the usual you have got the music collection I just mentioned a minute ago. You have got video you can view video channels which are recently viewed. I will tell that one off. There we go that was actually Kate Modern starting there. Also people that have got written material that you might want to read, poetry, fiction, romance it is all on here. Mobile you can actually connect now from your mobile phone. You can send text messages, get text alerts, you can browse on a special mobile phone network and it all goes from there. There is plenty on here to keep you busy which of course at the end of the day the more page views and the more people visiting this site the more traffic so the more relative content that you can put on here the more traffic you can get back to your website by building up a good network of friends and also by commenting on other people's sites if we were to look at let's just pick somebody's site. Let's just click one green beard. You will see it is very much similar to MySpace in that you can have a profile page so you can add different graphics that you like on here. There is a white board for comments. There is friends so again you can view all their friends. It is very similar to MySpace photos. If you want to put photos on here there is a blog page with comments so again you can comment, get traffic back to your site. It links back to your member ID and in your profile page you can put links to your site. Again building up the network of friends will really help you with links back to your website and traffic if it is one of them. We are going to go ahead and register which we click here and the usual process. Let's put in a test e-bow. There we go. We are from. We are from. We are from. We are from. We are putting a password. We have to put in these good old, these are getting more more common, these capture. Let me save and continue. Password is too easy to guess. Okay. Let's put in a new one then. Okay so here we say we are welcome to beebo. Please complete your final information profile below save and continue. So you have got your name tag here. That is birth you can choose to keep it or hide it. You can put the gender, you can put your relationship you want to, married, whatever. You can leave it there. Country, your postcode, your hometown where you consider home. A little bit about me. This is a postcard. A little about me and my life. Then you want to put things like in favorite music. So let's just be cheeky and let's just copy. So it gives us some content. So you can see that you can put some other little comments here if you want to make my profile public. So you can see. Minimage members who can contact me so you can set it to 18 or whatever you want. Maximage if you want to put a maximum age and hide profile views and showing off from profile. I am using the name that you want to. You can put in your Skype, your Windows Live and your AR who here if you like and share it with friends, everyone, whatever. Contact details, your home address, your work, other and save and continue. Here you can add or add a photo if you want to. And if you read here it says about the terms and conditions about inappropriate photographs. Types of files, maximum 2 megabyte and the standard format. So that's great. So you can just go ahead and do that. So thank whiteboards. You can put on whiteboard, put information. You can start your blog if you want to write to your blog. So again, subject and today's comments. So by putting comments in here daily and building up relevant content to your niche or towards your site, we'll get people noticing it. It will get it indexed in search engines. We'll get your comments. Pulse, you can set up an opinion poll and you can also put out more comments as you saw the one at the beginning we've got here. So profile. So this is what our profile looks like before we start skinning it out and putting on like you saw with the one earlier on that had the pirate theme. So you can put in as much or as little as you want here. You can get all sorts of extras and change the skins as you see here. You can add videos. You can put widgets on the site. Create a widget. So the widget categories are different types of widgets that you can put. You can put slideshows in here. You can add voice comments. It's a guest book, etc, etc, etc. So you can create slideshows in here as well. Friends, same again, similar to my space as you add friends on here as we see with O4. So that's basically how you go through setting up your profile. It's then a case of getting the word out to other people and start trying to find friends on Bebo, find new friends, make friends, comment on their sites, get people that you know to join and invite them and get them inviting you, making comments on each other's blogs. It's always a great way to do it. It's to start building up a network of you that are all commenting on each other's sites. Mostly making it relevant. You don't want to start getting a choose to spam. But stick to the basics and then you can use Bebo very much like my space to get traffic to your site. That's a very simple overview of Bebo. Thank you.