I'm so excited. I was like back here jumping around as soon as I had the idea. Anyway, okay, so this is what I'm gonna do I'm gonna do Facebook live nor and I are actually working on the fill your funnel program right now So I'm not gonna put you on the spot to make you be on the video But I'm gonna find out from our group like what the number one question is about filling their funnel I'm not gonna do a live thing, but I have a chapter that I didn't put in the book about traffic So anyone who gives comment, I'm gonna send them that the lost chapter that might bribe to get them to comment I think that's about it. Okay, so I'm gonna get this all set up here and We'll see how it goes. So I don't You can also just the normal Facebook app Because I don't have the one that heat the pages once you get the same thing So are you able to pull up just the fan page when I start going but turn the audio off so you guys don't get a like the whole echo thing Okay So I may I'm gonna say yes, I may like include you guys may not if you do like get all excited if not then don't worry about it Okay, so I just clicked on live video and it has me describe my video so I'm gonna put in What's your number one? Question About how to get Can traffic your funnels like so generic so like how to get Rich people into your funnel say somebody that are By yeah by proven buyers proven buyers Into your Funnels GIF see Bribe if you if you see cool bribe Cool bribe if you answer Okay, so says what's your normal question about how to get proven buyers into your funnels cool bribe if you answer that sound good Yeah, all right. So good. I'm getting in like two seconds if listening around We really get the Okay, so when I start you'll be able to it should pop up there in a minute, right? Okay, so I'm gonna go live He's excited Excited all right, okay, we're going live in three two one Hey everybody, this is Russell Brunson how you guys doing today I've got a question for you guys and if you answer my question I'm gonna give you an awesome bribe which would be pretty cool But before we do I want to make sure that there's enough of you guys on here to to be able to participate in the bribe because I need at least How about this I need to get a hundred of you to comment down below The answer and if you give me if I had a hundred of you guys I'm gonna give you all you guys to give I only get like 20 then I'm not gonna do it So you guys aren't that excited but if you are excited means they need a hundred you guys to comment down below So they have a hundred I'm gonna give you guys a really cool bonus. That means yeah, you guys are trying to hear that means if uh if We only have like 20 or 30 tag your friends down below that way they come as well and they can comment So my question for you is what is your number one? Question about how to get people into your phones Not just people because like you don't really want broke people coming into your funnels right you want people to have money because if they have Money they can give you some of that money. I don't know seems smart to me So that's what we're gonna do So my question for you is really simple is what's your number one way to get? To get people to get buyers into your funnel and it could be anything it can be from a That's lost my connection. Do you love that? This stuff happens all the time Try and reconnect try and reconnect We have 18 comments crap. All right I'm gonna tell them it's round two and we'll make fun of this because it'll be more fun that way This is like character flaws right like hey guys, I should have been the whole thing crash We're starting again. So like hopefully this gives you permission to screw up. I do you almost every time I know I gotta bring back let me redeem myself, okay your number Question about how to get proven Answer Yeah, please put your credit card down below that's you know you got a cult when they just do that You