Hey, this is Russell again, and welcome to Funnel University. Congratulations, you did it. You took this step. You believed me, you took faith in me, and I appreciate that. And so because of that, we are shipping you out. This amazing gift. It should be coming in the mail, hopefully in the next few days. I hope you love it. I hope you immerse yourself in it. I hope you study it, and I hope you look forward to every single month getting the next issue. This is the key, you guys. Do not miss out on these. We've got people who signed up, and they want the free stuff, and they cancel. It's interesting how that becomes a pattern for their entire life, right? Like, we either make commitments or we don't, and today you made a commitment to jump in here and to join, and I just encourage you that whatever you do in parts of your life, you're gonna be doing it in all parts of your life. And so I wanna encourage you guys to commit, to stick around, to become part of this community, become part of what we're doing, and if you do that, you're gonna have more success, more commitment in your own business, and in your own life. And so that's kind of the game plan. Now, with that said, this stuff is coming, but it doesn't mean I want you to sit around waiting for two weeks to come and get all your cool goodies in the mail. I want you guys to start taking action and start immersing yourself today. So right now we're in the members area. We're in a ClickFunnels members area. It's kind of simple, but there's so much stuff in here. This is like going into the greatest marketing library in the world. You're gonna see backarchisable issues. You're gonna see our sales scripts. You're gonna see share funnel links. You're gonna see just tons and tons of amazingness inside of the members area. And I want you to dive in and just have some fun. It's interesting, in most entrepreneurs' businesses, there's different seasons, right? There's parts of times where you're studying and parts where you're applying. You're going back and forth, and I understand that. So what I wanna recommend you do is take a little time to immerse yourself. Spend a week or two weeks and just dive in 100% and going through the training, going through reading and listening and understanding. And the more you do that, the more you become immersed. But then I want you to kind of break away from that and take some action, and then come back and immerse in action. And that's how you can really be successful. So make sure that you bookmark the login page in the members area. I want you to come back here often. If you forget where it is, just go to funnelu.com and there's the login link at the top there. But you should be coming back at least once a week immersing yourself going in here. I think that you're gonna get addicted to some of the software tools as well. Our instance of a generator, some of the image uploaders. I use the image uploader probably 10 times a day right now. And so make sure you're coming in here in the members area. Engage, use the tools. If we've got a Facebook group, become part of that Facebook group, get to know everybody inside of there as well. You are in a small, exciting group of entrepreneurs who are actually doing things. So with that said, I wanna again congratulate you and welcome you to Funnel University. We're excited to have you here and look forward to serving you in the future.