Now the biggest thing, and I think most of you guys understand this, but new people first learn this, the hardest thing they always do is that they want to shift into teacher mode. Okay, and they're like, oh, I'm going to go teach people all these cool things. And it's like understanding that the way you are teaching people is not through like, let me teach you. Step one, you're going to do this. Step two, like that's what all of us as educators want to do. We want to get into the teaching mode. That is the fastest way to destroy yourselves. Okay? So you're teaching people by saying you have a false belief pattern. You have this thing that's wrong. This is the story you're telling yourself. This is the new story I'm going to tell you, try to replace that. And what's interesting is that oftentimes you as the teacher, the person leading this, by the time it's done, you're like, I didn't feel like I taught these guys anything, right? Because you didn't teach them like any step by step. What you did is you completely transformed their belief patterns, which for somebody who's experiencing that is worth a thousand times more than any of like, step one, you're going to do this and step two, like you transition. The reason that they've held, they believed at this point in their life that realize it's not actually correct and this is the truth. Like that is like where, like this, that's where all these huge things happen. That's where people have the big aha moments and they actually transform their lives. Okay? And then in the content, you do the teaching, all that kind of stuff. But if you bring all the teaching here, which is like a lot of you guys asking your default is switching to teacher mode. In fact, most webinars that you guys have done that have failed in circles of people brought to me, all I do really quick as I scrubbed forward to the teaching section, I watched them within like five seconds. I'm like, you're teaching. That's not how you get people to change. Okay? When they give you money, then you can teach them. We're trying to break their false belief patterns and make them and like, give them this, this shift. That's how we're teaching them at this point. Okay? So first it's going to be weird for some of you guys, but as soon as you do that and you get the feedback, I always get people like, when I teach a good thing and I have tons of stuff, they'll be like, oh, that was awesome. I got a lot out of it and then they don't buy. When I give them this transformational shift, like, dude, that changed my life. I'm like, really? I didn't teach anything. They're like, no, you, you like, I thought this is the way that the world worked. And now I understand it works like this. And that opens up all these possibilities. Because that's what we're trying to do through this is open their mind to the possibilities and you're not going to feel like it's teaching, but they will because it's going to be such a big transformation for them. Okay? All right. So this is where I'm introducing my three secrets. Luckily, all of you guys have already created this slide. We should wrote it out earlier today. That should all be on one line. But it's the secret number one is funnel hacking. This is the headline we wrote. Secret number two, secret number three. So right now we're just plugging these three things in. So right here right now is the 15 minute point I said, okay, cool. And I'm going to jump into the presentation. You got your pad of paper out, pull that pad of paper out. We're going to be taking notes. We'll make sure you guys are paying a lot of attention because I'm going to go over this stuff really, really fast. I'm going to cover three things. Secret number one, I'm going to show you guys a concept called funnel hacking. I'm going to show you how to ethically store over a million dollars with funnel hacks for under $100. How many of you guys want to learn that today? I already know this stuff. If you're not excited, I can skip that one. How many of you guys want to hear about that today? And I wait for them to say yes. If I'm in a stage, if I'm on go to webinar, I'm waiting until they start commenting. I already know this stuff. I can skip this one if you guys are already good. How many of you guys want to know how to ethically store over a million dollars with a funnel hacking for under $100? Let me know in the question box right now. And then they'll start filling it out. If they're not answering questions, I'm not going to move on. If I can't get them engaging and doing little, in my world it's all about micro commitments. I'm trying to get people to make little commitments. Make little commitments will make bigger commitments. So I'm making them do little commitments. Go to the question box. Let me know how you're feeling. And the people that are buying are also the ones who are making comments. They're doing those little things. All right, now, secret number two, I'm going to talk about funnel cloning. How to then clone their proven funnel and click for less than 10 minutes. How many of you guys want to learn about that one? All right, cool. And the third thing, because everyone always tells me, I got this funnel now, but how do I get people into your funnel? So the third thing I'm going to show you guys is how to get... I'm going to show you my number one traffic hack. How I get the exact same customers are currently going to your competitor's sales funnels to start coming to your sales funnels instead. All right, so, and then I move right on. So that's kind of how I do that one. So let's take two minutes and plug in your three secrets that you guys created earlier today. One thing that took our webinar from terrible to converting and doing really, really well is I was teaching too much. And then I realized like there still should be curiosity to the how. So with your secrets, you're telling them really why they should do it, not the how they should do it, because the how is your product. So like you should eat carbs because here's why you should eat carbs, but I'm not telling them how to do it. Like I'm not telling them how to work into their day or what their plan should look like. I'm telling them why they should lift weights, but I'm not giving them a plan to lift weights. I'm just like, they're saying, okay, I need to lift weights, but how do I do it? Right? And they still don't know. So that's actually where your product falls. And when I started thinking of that, I started teaching less and just like leaving them on a cliffhanger or more. So like now I have to lift weights, but I don't know how to lift weights, right? And then that's when your product comes in. Yeah, exactly. So that's what really helped me just teach as less as possible. Awesome. Thank you. I love that. So you're teaching the why, these stories are just explaining the why so the product can teach them the how. Okay, let's transition now. So now we've stayed the three secrets. Now we're transitioning into this part, the teaching content section. Now on page 75 in the manual, this is how Travis for you, how you teach, like how do you make it so it's not like a 30 second thing and you're on secret two, secret three, like your webinars over like five seconds, right? It's getting good at the storytelling. So I'll kind of give you, this is the, this is how I teach each secret from a higher level thing and then we'll dive into each of the individual and the individual slides. Okay. So the first slide is basically me stating the secret, which all I do is like, okay, secret number one, I'm going to show you guys how to ethically sell over a million dollars with funnel-hack shipping competitors for under a hundred bucks. So I'm just stating it and I move right on. It's really fast. And then I come in and now I'm going to share my epiphany bridge story that if you come back to, where's it at? I think it's this page. We've got a lot today. All right. So now I'm coming back to the epiphany bridge story that I created for the vehicle, right? So this is the story I'm telling right now. So I'm bringing it in. So for me, my story is, is this one. So I'm telling about Tony Robbins with modeling and I go through here, talk about your arrows in your back lane, face down the dirt and then I find some of the funnel hacks. I'm going through my whole epiphany story of like how I realized that I don't have to create these things from scratch. Like I just find someone who's got successful and model. I'm just showing how I did it. The whole thing. I talk about that and I kind of go through my epiphany bridge story. Okay. So that's the first thing right here. Make the secret tell the epiphany bridge story. Then from there, I'm going to transition like try to share some result that somebody else had going through this process. So for me, I talk about Drew and the organify funnel. I have a video of his partner, Jamal, actually talking about how they just copied me and it made money and like that was the easiest thing in the world. And so I'm doing that right here. So another results. I also plug in here. This is where after that lady told me she couldn't buy supplement funnel, I started plugging these things in like doesn't work. Doesn't just work for supplement. Funnels also works for coaching funnels, info product, funnels, e-commerce, network marketing, funnel, affiliate funnels, funnel for real business. This works for all types of funnels and all types of businesses. So then I transition to like what are their faults, beliefs, like what are the other things? So hopefully the story I just told right here knocked out this one. Now I'm looking like what are all the other things in your list from earlier? They're still kind of like their other false beliefs. So now that I'm going to address those, but I'm not going to do a whole story for each one, although this would be like a 12 hour thing. I'm going to do a lot faster. So for me, I go through as I'm breaking them like, here's one of my coaching funnels and here's my, so my false beliefs like this isn't going to work for e-commerce. It works for e-commerce. It's not going to work for network marketing. It works for network marketing. I show a whole bunch of just examples really quick. And then for me, it's like the next big thing that related to the belief they have is like, wow, where do I find a funnel and how do I know how much money they're making? So I address that really quick. So I'm just knocking through these things as fast as I can. I find them on clickbait. That's how I do. And I tell like a really quick story about that. And I'm just kind of going through any other false beliefs that they have that might be keeping up. And right here, I'm trying to knock out during this part of the presentation. So I'm telling little stories. Usually it's a very, it's not the 20 minute version. It's like the two minute version to knock down all the rest of these that are stuck in the way. And then the last thing I do right here, which is kind of cool. I know you guys do this now. So I learned this from Jason Flatolin. We did the Funnelax webinar one time and I did my whole 90 minutes. It was awesome. I did my Q&A. And then the whole time that I was talking, he was taking notes of every false belief. I didn't know he was doing this at the time, but it was super cool watching it. Every false belief that he thought people were having while I was going through this, this is where I initially learned false beliefs was from him. And he's taking all these notes. So I got on my webinar, I was like, okay, well, see you done. Like you good? I'm like, yeah, I'm good. He's like, okay, cause I got some, some questions. I, or some things I think people are thinking I want to cover. And so I'd already been going for, for 90 minutes and he started this process. He went on for another 90 minutes. And I was like, dude, Flatolin, stop talking. Cause he's like, and you had this list of like probably four or five pages. And he's like, okay, so you're probably thinking this, right? Well, this is the actual truth. And you're probably thinking this, right? And this is, and give him to do a webinar. He does this like crazy, drives you nuts, but like it works. And then you're probably thinking this, right? And you're probably thinking this, right? And he tells the truth. And you're probably thinking this, right? But the reality is this, you're probably thinking this, right? And every concern he can think of for 90 minutes afterwards, he did that. And he sold more in the next 90 minutes than I did in the first 90 minutes, which was insane. And I did a podcast on the drive home. And you guys heard it like three hours later. And then you did the same, you want to talk about, you did, I don't know your results, but you did something similar, right? Yeah. You want to talk about what? Yeah, I think we listened to that like right before we went live that week. So we just like pulled up the export of, in webinar jam, you just pulled the export, all the comments. And for every single question that someone asked, we just did the same thing. So like you're probably thinking this, insert question here, but the truth is. It's really awesome. Awesome. And so any other thing related to the vehicle that I can think of that they're going to have or any other question or any other comment I'm getting from the questions, I'm just busting those out as fast as I can. Probably thinking this, right? So sometimes it might be a quick story, sometimes it might be a thing, but I'm trying to get rid of all these so that behind my, I'm done with this section. The next thing I can do is I can, I can then state this secret as an undeniable truth. Okay. So I've just showed you guys exactly how you can, how you can still over a million dollars with funnel hacks for under a hundred bucks, right? And they're like, yeah, I did. And then Dom was knocking over. And then the next thing where it's like, oh wait, false beliefs, right? And so basically we're going to do this process three times once for each secret, but that's the process. That's what I'm teaching. That's what's taking each secret takes about 15 minutes, 15, 30, 45 minutes. We come back to the timeline. So that's kind of what I'm doing though in that 15 minutes is right there on page 75. State in the secret, share my Pifny bridge story to others results. I'm telling you the stories or you're probably thinking this, right? And I reached the end of the valuable truth. Now that leg of holding the domino up is now gone. I'm going for the next one. Okay. So I'm going to go backwards and we'll kind of go slide by slide in this. And then they doubled the sales. I forgot to say that. Russell actually went live and said, I have a secret. He like what Facebook I was like, I have a secret that I'll double your webinar conversion tonight when you do them. We were like, yeah, right, Russell, let's see about this. We did it that night and it literally doubled our webinar conversions by asking like, you're probably thinking this, right? We got double the sales. Yeah. Cause it normally do like seven or eight K and it did like, I think it was like 13 or 14. That's power. So if you want to double how much you make, just ask that question a million times. Okay. It's like, it's so embarrassing. I was so mad the whole time he's doing it. And I saw the guys in my office, like Dave, those guys in the window, like, like jumping around and I was like, they must be as pissed as I am. Like, I know, get them off the phone. And then afterwards they opened the door. They're like, these sales are crazy. I'm like, what just happened? Like we literally doubled. Like it was it. I'm like, I'm so glad I didn't cut them off like an hour ago when I thought I should have. Like, wow. Anyway, so yeah, it's those things that don't make sense. But then you do it and it's like, all right, I'm going to do that again every time from now on to the rest of my life. It's like the first time I did the stack we'll talk about in an hour or two from now. Like first time I did it, like it worked and like, I'm never not doing that ever again. Like that was amazing. Okay. So number one, this one should take two seconds. The secret you had in the slide earlier, just make that number right here. So what I'm doing in the transitions I'm coming in, I'm like, okay, so we're going to cover right now, getting the bulletin' path and paper out, we're going to cover three secrets. Number one, how to ethically still, you know, I did the whole thing and I'm like, okay, cool. Secret number one, how to ethically still over a million dollars with funnel action competitors for under a hundred bucks. And that, like that slide's fast. I'm just restating it so I know exactly what's happening inside of this thing right here. So just copy and paste that from your last slide into secret number one. All right. So now we'll come in here to share your Pifty Bridge story. So it's the Pifty Bridge story that you have that destroys this false belief. Okay. So for me, I'm talking about modeling and all that kind of stuff. And you can see my slides. I take like probably eight or 10 slides to tell my Pifty Bridge story. So you can delete my slides and throw in whatever your Pifty Bridge story is that gets, that should get them to believe the false belief they have about this vehicle. Like whatever that Pifty Bridge story is, that's what we're plugging in right here. Does that make sense? Okay. Turn some music on. You guys can delete my slides and plug in your Pifty Bridge story. Now next piece in here is we're going to tell other people's results because they hear your story about how you did whatever and then I, cool, that's awesome. Russell did it, but that's Russell. That's Natalie. That's like whoever you like that, like, oh, well, you can do it of course. So I like bringing in like, but it's not just me. Like check out what we do with Drew, right? And I'm sharing somebody else's results. So who have you worked with in the past that you've got some kind of similar result with that you can share? Now that's the story we're going to plug in right here. Now, a couple of things here. Some people, one of my friends from Australia, they're not here right now so I can make fun of them, but they capture all these testimonial videos and they'll have, and you know, like most people do testimonial video in the talk for like 13 minutes and it's like most awkward, horrible thing. And he always plays the entire 13 minute video and it's like, so most of the time I don't put videos in my slides because it's hard to get it right. Like for example, with Jamel's video here, this was the very first event I ever sold, I actually got up and told the story and it was amazing. But his story was five minutes long. And if I had a five minute video, people would have been like, oh, so I like chopped it, chopped it, chopped it to be like as compressed and as tight as possible. So the only thing I'm going to show video testimonial is if I have compressed that thing. So it's like, I got maybe a minute, minute and a half till people start wandering. If I can't compress a video like that, I'm just going to tell it. And you'll see when I do my stack, three of the testimonials I don't ever like will show a video. I just tell it because I can tell it faster and things like that. So a lot of times in this kind of situation, a video is not the best thing. I did it here, but again, I took a five minute video and made it, I think it was like a minute and 12 seconds or something like that. We just cut it out. So it was just like the key points he said. But some kind of testimonial of someone else that's gone through that path besides you, because the first false belief they're going to have is after you're like, oh, that's awesome. Oh, but it's rustle. I can't do it. Well, don't worry. It's not just me. This guy did it here too. I mean, it wasn't just a one time flute. So plug in the story of somebody else that you've had this experience with so far. When I'm putting testimonials in, it's very strategic. I put jammels in here. On the next page, I put jammels in here because it strengthens what the story I just barely told. Every testimonial is there the very specific reason. One cool thing I want to mention too, anytime you do share a testimony, I talked a little bit early about trial closes, where people shake their head. The best time to do a trial close, not one, but 30 trial closes after you share testimonial. So I showed jammels telling his story and I was telling them, is that amazing, you guys? Can you imagine what life is like for these guys now? Can you imagine that what happened for you if you had the same frustration and then that quickly you were able to have success? Can you imagine that it would be like, wouldn't you guys want to be like, jammel, how awesome is that, right? Most people share testimony. They get awkward and they move off really, really quick. That's the best time for me to drop like five, six, seven, eight trial closes in a row. I want them to be like, yeah, I do want to be like jammel. That's amazing. Yes. That's one of the most important prime times is right after. Anytime I share a case-teller testimony, I share it. I'm dropping five, six, seven, eight, nine, as many as I can fit in there before it feels awkward before I move back on. So plug in whatever you got. And then like I said, in this section of the slides I have in here, because if I share a test, if I have my story and I did it in supplement funnel and then I share jammels, let's say even if it's a network marketing, again, their belief is going to be like, oh, well, maybe it won't work for me because like whatever. So I like to do, I use this to include like, it doesn't just work for me and jammel. It also works for anybody else. I can include in that group. So they're like, okay, cool. This actually could work for what I'm doing. That makes sense. So testimonial and then like an inclusion slide of like, it also works not just for me and for them, like for every single person. I mean, include everybody in our group. Any questions about that? All right. Plug in one of your people. As we keep moving forward to the next section here in the three secrets then is breaking all the other related beliefs. So all the other things back here from your story list you can think of, putting those things through in like kind of a rapid, rapid thing. Like I look at like one slide pretty much for each one of these things I can think of. Some are answered with like a quick like two minute story. Some of them are like a really quick, like you're kind of thinking this, right? Like just having as many of those things as you can kind of put in there. And as you get more concerns, that's for your plugging those things back in throughout your webinar. So you knock down all the rest of them. So for example, I'm a coach. This worked for me. Boom. I plugged that one in. I have info products. So all the different, the different markets I'm trying to touch upon here. And then how do I find a funnel? I don't know if they're making money. I kind of show that with a little quick story showing how it actually works and just kind of going through and help them break their beliefs. So think about all the things you listed back here earlier today and make a slide, at least one slide for each of them. Sometimes it might be two or three slides, but just kind of go through and try to knock out those things really, really quick. Okay? Any questions on that at all? So knock out the false beliefs for the vehicle? Yeah. So the first big epiphany story we did just a few minutes ago was like the core one. And this is like then all the other ones that we can try to think of. Yep. That way they got no excuses. Like I got to be part of this now. I'm sold. Funnels are the way of the future. Qtosis is the way, whatever your thing is. That is the future. Okay. So now we've gone through. We took in the number one false belief. We destroyed it with epiphany. We then went through and destroyed this mini epiphany bird stories. We did this with, you're probably thinking this right. We just completely crushed all this. And now I want to restate the new belief that is now an undeniable truth. And so the last thing is like basically I kind of show it. So I show that whatever the thing is and say, so I just showed you guys that you can ethically steal over a million dollars with a funnel hack for your competitors for under a hundred bucks. How many of you guys think that was pretty amazing? People are like, that was so cool. They're freaking out the comments, but they all believe it now. Like that is now a belief. No matter what they believe before, this is like their new reality. And they got so much like that's where they've learned they've transformed right there. Okay. So I knocked out one of the legs of the dominoes, starts tipping some more and then boom, the next step happens. I'm getting ahead of myself. But the next step is where we now intro the internal beliefs, internal fears. Okay. So this one should be easy. Just copying the slide from like five slides ago. We actually shared the secret and I just kind of restating. Okay. Now you've got it. Boom. So I'm going to skip this slide because you can just copy and paste in like five seconds. Four, three, two, whatever you copy and pasted. Cool. All right. Okay. So now we're going to move into secret number two. So this whole process is the exact same thing we just did for the last four or five. All we're doing now is we're looking at this piece now. So we just did this, knocked it out, done. Now we're coming in. What is their internal belief? What's the number one internal belief they have, the biggest one? And then you got something to do. They tell them a Piffy Bridge story. Okay. So for me, it's like, I'm not techie. I can't do this. So I'm going to show you how to clone the proven funnels and click funnels in less than 10 minutes. Then I go through here, tell my Piffy Bridge story. Boom. Same kind of things. Okay. So now we're going to plug in the same things we just did before their internal beliefs now. We're going to go through there. Share my Piffy Bridge story. I used to have this and this and this. I've got a better way. It's called this cool thing called click funnels. I show the people's results. Then I show Garrett's video talking about click funnels is the coolest thing in the world. Then I break their beliefs by actually doing the demo for mine. Then I reshape the truth that isn't click funnels awesome. So I just want to show you guys those. But it gets the same path, same process. I'm just plugging in my Piffy Bridge stories, my results that match what I just did and all those kinds of things. So all right, proceed with secret number two. And I fully realized that typically it takes me like a couple of days to get these done and we're doing it in like four or five hours. So the more you can get done now, the faster you'll be able to plug in all the holes when you get home. So that's the perfect snive. I'm putting all the pieces in so you can go back and fill in the images and stuff. All right, secret number three. Now we're transitioning to the external in the same process again, right? So I restate the thing. My number one traffic, I'm going to show you guys how to get the exact same customers. I share the thing and I jump right into it. I share my Piffy Bridge story. So for me, it's about this whole thing where I, I wouldn't that be cool if the guy who owns Venus Factor would show me all his traffic was that and I kind of go through this. I tell him the story, how I figured out, he can find out where it was trafficked at. It's really cool. He's got much traffic and I just kind of telling the Piffy Bridge story through here. He gets them to be like, oh my gosh, I could actually do that. That's my story. It takes like five or six slides. I share the people's results. Kind of go through that. And then same thing, same process as we did the last two. I'm not going to reteach it all, but let's see what you guys have. So keep moving forward to secret number three. And then we're going to get started. Let's give you five minutes real quick to plug in the pieces for number three and then we'll dive into the stack because that's the. That's the core. What I'm doing right now is I want to transition now to the closing part because this part, whatever we left off on, what was that here? I can't hear. Okay. So this first part took about 15 minutes over here. We're sharing our three secrets, secret one, secret two and secret three with all that stuff. At this point, this is usually typically for me another 45 minutes. Now we're at the 60 minute mark. Usually about top of the hour. Okay. So the top of the hours when I start transitioning, sometimes some webinars will be 10 minutes earlier, some will be after, but usually when I'm doing a webinar, it's about an hour to get through this and then each of these. So I'm looking 15 minutes, 15, 15, 15. And I'm like, okay, I got everything. I've broken all these false belief patterns. Like now they're spot with like, God, like the whole world's I've always viewed it is different and they're excited and they're pumped up and all these good things are happening. But then they're like, don't know what to do. And this is where we start taking like, hey, I want to, like now that you view the world, it's kind of like a matrix is like red pill, green pill. It's like, you just took the green pill, right? And it's like, wow. But now what? Okay. And like the worst thing you could possibly do is not sell somebody at that point. Okay. So like everyone's got this weird thing with it. Like, I don't want to sell anything. Like, like if you care about your people, like you need to sell them something because they're going to see the world in a whole different way and have no tools or actually ability to implement it. And if you don't give them something at that point, like you just kind of, like, screw them over. And sometimes there's some, I don't think in this group, we have too much of that, but some people have a lot of like resistance to the selling. But that's in my mind, selling is like the highest level of service. Like that's where I'm getting you. And I'm going to, I'm going to force you to make a financial commitment so you can actually live and get that result we talked about. Cause I've painted the picture, like you're in, you want that. You believe this is a vehicle, but if I don't get you to commit with your wallet, you're never going to get there. Okay. In fact, the section of the book I call your moral obligation, like this is your, if you honestly believe that the vehicle that you are putting people into is the best thing for their success, the J-bram said, like, you have a moral obligation to do everything within your power to get people, to give you money so they can get in that vehicle, so they can get their result. Not about you. I believe my message to a hundred percent. That's why I'm so consistent with it. Like I believe that click funnels, that funnel, like this whole thing that we do is, is the vehicle that people need to transform the world. So that's why I have no shame in selling this thing like crazy. Cause I know the effect it's had on people. And so you need to have that same kind of commitment and belief in what you're doing. And if you do, then this car becomes fun and easy. If you don't, it becomes all nervous and like, oh, you'll freak out. But for me, like this is my favorite part of it. So when I transition, I'm coming through here and there's always this like weird awkwardness when you transition from like you doing the teaching to the selling part. So in Brandon yesterday, like, I, you know, like going to my wife's, uh, uh, home parties, she's invited all the home parties and I always ask if I can tag along. And I, I want to sit in the back cause I love watching like the people doing the home parties and they do this, good. They do this good. And they get outside and also they start transitioning to the, to like, what they're going to ask people for money. And like they get nervous and they start sweating and like, they get like all fidgety and it's like the funniest thing in the world. Cause none of them know how to make the transition point. But if you do it right, like the transition is really, really easy. So there's kind of two things that I've been doing, uh, one I've been doing for 10 years, one I started doing probably about six months ago on the webinar. And when like they're the biggest things to make this transition fast. So first thing I do is, uh, this first slide right here where I come back to all these things I just taught them. I said, I want to, we've been here for an hour. I got a question for you guys. Do you think that if you were to do what we just talked about here, okay. So for me now, I'm plugging back in my three secrets in one slide. If you were to do it and you found a funnel that actually worked, that's secret number one funnel hack. Okay. And then you create something similar and you modeled it. That's secret number two. And then you went and you found the exact same website your competitors are getting all their traffic from. And you bought ads on the exact same website, secret number three. Do you think you can be as successful as they are? And people are like, Oh, maybe. And then in the story, I talked about Venus factor that I'm making over a hundred grand a day. I'm like, look, I know that like for most years that may seem like far fast. Like he's even high. I can see when big for me to expect to make a hundred grand a day. Even me, I struggle with that. So let's just say you totally screwed up and you only make 10% of what Venus factors make makes. Okay. And you only make an extra $10,000 a day. How many guys are next to $10,000 a day? It'd be pretty awesome. And everyone laughs like, yeah. And that's if you screw it up. Let's just say like you're really in confidence. Your first time doing it. Let's say you totally, totally screw up and you only get 10% of the 10%. That's only an extra thousand bucks a day. How many of you guys with $1,000 a day completely radically transform the quality of your life right now? Like, dang, I guess $30,000 a month. It's more than most people make an entire year. That's if you totally, totally screwed up. Let's just say you're like, I'm a brand new newbie. I didn't know what a funnel is yet. I'm so nervous. Let's say you totally, totally, totally screwed up. You only get 10% of the 10% of the 10% you only make an extra hundred bucks a day. Guess what? Three grand a month. What'd you do three grand a month? That cover your car payments, student loans, credit card bills. You don't have to get this perfect. You just got to try. You just got to take some steps forward. If you do that and you model what works, it's hard to not have success. Boom. The one sliding caps light everything where there's like, God, even if I fail, I'm going to have success. That's powerful. Okay. Let's take, let's take three minutes and try to encompass this into yours. Okay. If I was a model, if I was to go and actually wait, lost, boom, boom, boom. If I was to do everything is you can show them that by doing that, even if they don't do that perfectly, they can still have success. They believe that and it's like, boom.