Because really, I wanted to be in front of them and build the reputation in that small community and in that small constituency. So now let's say for the sake of conversation that you want to market to CEOs of the 500 biggest companies in Minneapolis. Well, so you go home and you start, you know, the, you know, the success secrets newsletters for CEOs of large Minnesota companies. And you pick your hit list and you make sure you got their names and titles and all that stuff right, even if you got to do phone calls in order to get it. Because if they look perfect, it's got to be perfect. And then you start sending them their paid newsletter every month that they never subscribe to. And before you know it, you're going to be getting responses for things you lead, generate for in the newsletter. And pretty soon somebody's going to call you up and say, can you come over to my company and talk about this? And they will never know that they weren't a paid subscriber and you need never tell them. If I need to, I could do that a third time for you, but you shouldn't have to hear it a third time. And so I have never been without at least one newsletter since 1978. And in some cases I have had three or four or five. Some have been real. Some have not been real, meaning some people have been paying for them. Some people have only thought they have paid for them. And some have been constructed for very small constituencies for a brief period of times only to set up the entry into those constituencies. I briefly flirted about a year, a year and a half ago with doing something with all the freelance professional copywriters there are in the country. There's a bunch of them in one directory, so they're like easy to find, which is what makes it kind of, which is what tempted me. It's almost like deja vu of NSA for me. I mean, I'm one of them. I know what they, I know how they think, I know how they behave. Here they are all in one place, so I don't have to go hunt for them. I know most of them are starving, which is good news. They actually publish their fees, so I know who's getting paid what. They publish their clients. I know who they're working for. For me to go after them would be formulaic. One of the things I would do if I was going to go after them is I would start a newsletter for professional copywriters. I would take a run through that list and get as many of them to subscribe as possible for money. And then I would treat them all as if they had subscribed for a period of time. And then I would set them up for the series of kills. Be that seminar, be that coaching program, whatever. I talk myself out of it because I don't have enough time to do it. But if I was going to do it, that's what I would do. You should see the list of stuff I talk myself out of. It's not as long as it needs to be. But you ought to see the list of the things I talk myself out of. So over the years I've had marketing services for speakers. I've had a practice building secrets newsletter for chiropractors, dentists, veterinarians, and pediatrists when we went into the chiropractic and dental fields. And that's had as many, by the way, as 2,000 and some I've paid subscribers. And the forerunner to the NoBS letter was a thing called the business secrets letter. And then the NoBS marketing letter has been around since 1991. Much more primitive than what you see today, but nevertheless. And of course now the NoBS marketing, the affluent letter, the info letter. These have produced well over, either directly or indirectly, these have produced well over half of all of my money. They are the foundation for everything. And again, IVAs in the room have an advantage in their local consulting businesses and their coaching businesses in a sense because we're providing that for them. So they already got a foundation. But as you grow and get bigger and more sophisticated, or those of you that are building national constituencies, you've got to do this. And one of the answers to your dilemma, wherever he went, where'd Mr. Cole call prospecting guy go? There you are, okay? I thought maybe you got mad and left. This is one of the answers to a dilemma like that. Is again, if you must go cold, then turn cold into warm sneakily. So take your constituency, create a newsletter for them, get those who will subscribe to subscribe, then treat the rest of them as if they had. And build that relationship over four or five or six or seven or eight months. It usually won't take that long for somebody to start coming to you.