Our piece looks like this, okay, if you haven't seen it. So that's signed somebody up for the free three month trial, right? Then they get to a free chapter meeting. Now they see the guy in action at the chapter meeting, okay? Those first two steps were pretty overt, but now he gets to switch gears in the context of the chapter meeting to being, you know, we got a mastermind group, but we only got a few spaces left in it, you got to fill out an application, we're selective about, he's able to switch gears because he had this feeder device at the bottom, right? And so if you have to co-prospect and you have the ability to take the time, you build a feeder device at the bottom so that you can be overt at the bottom and then at some place in time make the switch, right? FAD. Instead of having a quick question, I have a brief inquiry. I can't take credit for it, but I won't divulge who that is. It's in the area of damaging admissions, for example, divulging realities. Is there a timing or, you know, to get maximum benefit when you're doing a damaging admission? In other words, do you wait until it's over? For example, let's say bankruptcy, do you make that admission to your folks at the time? Not if you can help her. Not if you can help her. There's no set answer to your question, and if there are problems that have any likelihood of surfacing, then the worst thing in the world you can do is hide them. The cover-up's worse than the crime, right? And so everybody gets themselves in trouble with the cover-up. So there's no set answer to your question. It is more about, what's more useful to think about is how to use it, even more so than when to use it. And you want an opportunity to be able to put it in context. So again, because of these, Dan is God things on the left side of the ledger. The Dan has been and actually is horribly dysfunctional things on the right side of the ledger are useful. If this is not there, these things could be insurmountable. So it's about context. Now if you have no alternative, again, you face whatever disaster you are facing, if not at the moment, certainly soon, not later. But there's no pat answer to your question. Is there something like, you could do an attachment, for example, Robert Kiyosaki talks about how he did this or Trump talked about how he did this. Is there, do you do that or those are too big of a bridge to try to tie together? No, I don't think they are. We had, I insisted on it when I worked with him and I stopped working with him in New York City, because he refused to act to honor it. We had a situation with Rodney's brothers with James Tolason's business in Arizona of having been previously convicted in sort of five years in the Ohio State Penitentiary and prior to that having been sued by the Pennsylvania State Attorney General's office and prior to that. And I insisted it all be on the order form. And people had to sign that particular place on the order form that they had read all of this horrid stuff and knew it before they bought this $5,000 course. And what it forced everybody to do was deal with it before they got to the point of the order form. And so we had sales reps and we had seminars and so forth. So now it had to be dealt with. You would think it would suppress sales, but actually if anything it might have worked the other way. I mean it was presented well, but still. I mean it's not as ugly as I just said it, it's actually worse. So, you know, look, you can build a bridge from anything to anything. You just have to figure out how to do it. And it is by profound conviction there is no mess, no scandal, no disaster that is big enough to stop people from giving somebody money. It's just a question now of how they handle that presentation.