Chris, don't make it part of the first product offer. Well, there's lots of ways to play with that. You could hide it all together and use it as the drop-down offer. You could go ahead and force continuity on the product, but then still use it as a drop-down offer if you couldn't get them to buy the product. You could actually run the two front ends against each other simultaneously, and I'm not sure it would make any difference. For some period of time, both Artunian and Yellen ran the $7, some version of it, and they had other front ends running at the same time. In success track, in the third and fourth year, we ran the Practice Building Secrets letter offer at the same time we were running, come to free seminars, and see our speaker offer. But the only bad thing that happens is confusion. Of course, if you have telesharks, that confusion is a real virtue, because if they call and they're confused, usually the question is, which one of these things should I do? Well, if you happen to have telesharks in a room to answer that question, great. If you don't, it's not as good. But I'd still rather have a confused person on the phone than no person trying to communicate at all. But yeah, we ran for two years. We ran a newsletter thing through the list all the time, free newsletter. We didn't do free trial continuity, because we didn't know about it. So we did free, and then try and get them. We did the customary model of, we'll invoice you later. We did the free book. We did free book with call to 900 number to get the book, but you were charged $3.99 minute while you were on the phone getting the book. We ran all that at the same time we were running a seminar promotions. The other thing, since you bring it up indirectly, is what I discovered a number of times is it's a little beat the control trick, by the way. In the newsletter business, as everybody probably knows, the most traditional offer is the Giant Bride Offer. This is the subscribe to the newsletter for X dollars, and you get this big mountainous pile of 56 free reports or 22 free CDs or whatever. The two usual variations on that are one year, two year, three year subscription, and you get bigger and bigger piles of stuff depending on whether you do the one year, the two year, the three year. Or here's choice of 52 free reports, pick any eight free with your subscription. So those are like the most traditional things there are. In a number of cases, that's been a control. I've been able to just flip the control, make the Bride package the $149 offer, and you get one year of the newsletter free. One works the same as the other. The client runs one through the list in January, the other one through the list in February, the other one in March, the other one in April, etc., etc. Yeah, it's a good beat the control trick. Okay, let's talk about what we send people. I told you before, you want a wow them. You don't want to be modest here. We'll get through this pretty quick and then we'll take a break. The big box strategy. I'm on page 67. Rulak. Where are you? Yeah. Do you have any idea how much you've spent? First of all, when did I get you? What year? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Okay, you have any idea how much you've spent? Maybe $150. Okay, and you came from the speaker box, right? Right. Yeah, so he came from this. This happened, this was used to sell seminars, but the point is the same. So this thing was, this thing's got two audio tapes in it, it's got a video tape in it. By the way, Bill, this is the video I sent you the other day. And then inside was a sales letter for the seminar. And then the whole thing was shrink wrapped. And it was mailed with a label on the shrink wrap. The box, by the way, as a guarantee, if you go through the whole box, it will send you 25 bucks if you think it was to your time. We mailed, we sent, I don't know, $4,000, $5,000, $6,000.