So there's not much of a process to it at that point. It relies on you. And you do sacrifice some control issues by doing that. That's why it's the least desirable way to get clients. See, the perversity of consulting is this. And it's why being talked about is so important. So here's the example that I always use. So let's say we're all out in the hall here on a break at somebody else's meeting. So I'm an attendee, just like you are. He is everybody else's. And I hear the two of you guys talking. And you're complaining about this problem you've gotten in your business. Say your conversation. Let's say it's, let's make it something simple. Let's say it's like, let's say it's employee theft. And you're telling him about how you know your employees also are dealing with it, et cetera. And I hear the conversation. And I'm the guy. I'm the theft solution guy. And I know I could solve your problem in 10 seconds. If I turn and tap you and say, couldn't help but overhear your conversation, excuse me, Barry. But I'm the guy. I'm the theft guy. And I can solve your problem. OK, you are mentally, if not physically, backing away from me and raising every kind of resistance known to man because I'm overt. And everybody's attitude, unfortunately, about being presented an idea by someone selling it to them is resistance. Same scenario. He's standing there. He taps and says, sorry, I couldn't help it overhear the conversation. I don't know if you know the guy, but he's actually here at this conference, this Kennedy guy who's here somewhere. I don't know. He's in the blue shirt. He's the theft guy. He knows how to solve your problem. You will now come find me. Everything will go different from that point out. I can do pure takeaway. Well, I'd love to help you. But I've got to go. You've got to call the office. I can do all that shit. When I approached you, see, I can't do it. So your attitude's different. I'm restricted in the techniques and strategies that I can use in handling you. That's why cold, overt prospecting is the worst thing in the world you can do. If you speak, even if you are overt in the speech, you can still be, you know, you can tell the story of, hey, when I was over and consulting with XYZ company, I did this, this, this, and this, and this happened. And oh, by the way, I do occasionally, see, you can still now do takeaway, but you can be overt. I do occasionally accept new clients. And so, you know, it's not necessarily immediate availability and so forth. But if that interests anybody, you know, see me before I leave and then you can move on, they're still now coming to you. But when you're going to them, you lose a lot of the ability to do a lot of really good things. And you exchange them in trade for being an overt prospector. And while you may choose or need to do it for a brief period of time, you've got to get away from it as quickly as you can. Because it's, the heart surgeon doesn't make cold calls. He doesn't telemark it. He doesn't send out cold direct mail, you know? And so at the top end of every pyramid here, nobody makes cold calls. At the bottom end, everybody makes cold calls. And somewhere in between, there's less and less and less of it. So the minute you start doing cold prospecting, in any way, shape, or form that is perceived as cold prospecting, you are putting yourself in the eyes of the prospect at the bottom of the pyramid. And so it's not that heart surgeons are above doing it. They just have figured out it's not particularly effective for them. So you've got to get away from it just as soon as you can. I mean, that lead generation cold prospecting, even that's relatively overt. But now you can at least put them through a little process. So now you think about, like our IBAs, if they bring everybody in through the greatest free gift offer, right? So our piece is,