And we filled the seminar. And if I really thought hard, there's probably at least five or six of you that have moved from there. But Rulak alone paid for the whole campaign. Everything else is gravy. Now it's expensive. You know, it's not cheap to do. They're not cheap to make. And they're certainly not cheap to send, especially in mass. If you just make a few, you almost got to make them yourself. Or the cost is, you know, beyond the pale. So what's everybody else sending to sell a seminar to that list? Well, they're sending a sales letter and an envelope. If they're really going big, they're adding a CD. Nobody's doing this. Nobody. So the big box strategy, I'm now used again and again and again to sell seminars, to sell coaching for consultants, business opportunities, speakers to get speaking engagements, Nito Cabane, who's speaking at the super conference. He has a big box that is, Steve and I were talking about it on the break. I should have brought it. I have one somewhere. It's the big black one, right? He's still using, it's black with full color on the outside and the books are inside in die cut. Yes, probably 12, I don't see, 12, 13, 20, 24, 55. Okay. So the box is like a foot this way. It maybe looks like two monopoly boxes, game boxes in size and it's real thick, real high. And it's gorgeous. I mean, it's black coated stuff with gold and full color, professional picture of Cabane and you open it up and like this one, there's die cut holes each one of his books with a full color cover is fit in one of the die cut holes and there's, what else is in it besides the books? There's a CD in there. Yeah, there's books, audio stuff, profiles. Yeah, there's a CD and then there's a client profile thing and a testimonial book and I mean the thing's a behemoth, you know. You would no more throw this in a waste basket. I mean, you would just feel ill. I mean, you would start maybe and then you would, I mean, I got it five, six years ago. I don't have any, it's in the Phoenix office, that's why I didn't bring it. But I mean, I can't bring myself to throw it out. So it keeps moving from shelf to shelf, place to place. I've pirated the books out of it but I can't bring myself to throw the box out. It's just so pretty and it's so big and you feel so guilty. You know, he spent 20, 30, 40, 50 bucks on the thing. I mean, so, you know, nobody else does it. So that sucker lands on your desk. It's done something. You know, they are not tossing it. The gatekeeper ain't tossing it. They're not tossing it. They're at least going to open it. You got a shot, right? So for a consulting client or a speaking engagement inquiry, that's what he's sending. He's sending the humongous, classy, beautiful, incredible box. Now the only thing he's not doing that I would do is I might have all that pretty stuff and I might have the beautiful pretty box but then I'd have an ugly 48-page sales letter in it, you know, that control lineally my message. But the big box thing works purely because it is a big box. Now you can also do it on a primitive ugly thing like Larry Dolan with the big ugly duct tape and the box full of testimonial letters. That works too. Some of it depends on the market who you're sending it to. But the big box strategy is something you really ought, you know, to be aware of and understand and think about. Brochures, if you are good to insist on doing them, figure out a way to make them slightly different from a normal brochure. I used the annual report kind of look. For a while I used a menu kind of look thing, a menu of services. Robert Ringer's description in his, winning through intimidation of his original brochure, cabanes first brochure when he was starting out was not the big box. But it was Robert Ringer description style. And the best thing about it, which I copied shamelessly, was the fold-out page. Sort of like a Playboy Centerfold for a frame of reference for you, Carothers. Um, um, um.