So there's like a 24 page sales letter now rewritten as if it came from the endorser. That's fairly rare, but there are times when you can do it. One of the Craigs does that, right? Uses the real estate agent as the front phase? Well actually he owns her. So that's... Uses owns. It's an endorser, but she's owned. The, you know, writing in other people's voices is... That's like the freelance copywriter's task. See, it's from a copywriting standpoint, those of you who've worked at learning copywriting, say to learn to do it for yourself is not... The next step up of difficulty is actually doing it for other people. Because to do it for yourself, you only have to do it in your voice. I got to be able to write for 50 different people and not have it all sound like Dan wrote it. And so like having them on audio and being able to hear, you know, syntax, that kind of thing is helpful. I just wrote for... One of the things we're using in Miracle Air is the original inventor of the product is like 70-some-odd years old, and he's like John Wayne, I mean, he was in... Which they weren't using him. He was in the battle of Balg and he was shot down three times and he escaped on a bicycle through France in midnight. I mean, for real, no, the guy's a real honest-to-god, you know, incredible war hero that they're not using for nothing, you know. And so I'm writing in his voice. Well, I went and got a bunch of like war history magazines and, you know, because I want to hear how 80-year-old people say things and I didn't really have access to him. So I had to do some work to like get it, you know. Back at... It got the rink years ago when I wrote for Tarkenton. I mean, Frank came out of the recording booth and said, I don't know who you think you're writing to, bud, but there's too many words in these sentences. I mean, I'm a short sentence guy. I don't need these complex sentence structures, you know. It's not how I talk and be, I can't handle them. I get lost. I don't know where I'm at. I mean, I wrote for Joan Rivers and so I listened to Umpteen, Joan Rivers Comedy Records, and Red Jones' book, and, you know, then you can kind of do it. The testimonies don't do them all at the same time. Don't sit down and do four or five of them all at the same time. But certainly if you're only doing a few and you have the luxury to do it, interview them, tape them, you know, massage them. And, you know, basically you're doing befores and afters wherever you can. So that's, okay, you had a second question? Yeah. I know you guys created the IMA Association. Here's the question. How do you feel, because you said ask questions, how do you feel structure? How do you feel about creating an association or even a school that certifies salespeople in an itch with ascension to multiple levels like college 101, college 201? Therefore creating all kinds of back end alumni meetings, required continuing education for fees, teleclasses, frame certificate, brand and materials, all that kind of stuff. And the second to that is what do you feel are the important components of something like that and what are the associated traps? Well, you answered your second question with your description and your first question. I mean, you like, name them all. I mean, the most important component in all of that is they got to believe it's real. So, I mean, look, I mean, the only reason, the only reason Harvard works is because everybody has accepted the fact that Harvard is Harvard. You know, I mean, the fact that a bunch of us sat in a room at some point, and I'm with William James and made the whole damn thing up in order to make some money. See, that's long since forgotten. So, if you're going to make it real, real association and issue real continuing education credits, you know, first of all, you're going to have some legal compliance issues, varying industry by industry by industry, state by state by state by state. If you're going to take a school position, you have legal compliance issues. Most people ignore all that stuff, but, you know, if you start, I mean, for example, most states have some version of a private and technical school board, which if you have physical presence in the state, governs the use of such words as schools and colleges and universities and, you know, all of that. Even on a distance basis, there's law in this field. Gene Kelly is our distance learning guy. He can, on a break, wave your hand, Gene, so he knows who you are. Gene can tell you all the horror shows. And of course, Robert Scrobe, who's right up here, he asked me where he was. He's right here in front. Wave your hand, right there. I think it's a very real and viable approach to this business. I think it is, for some people, it's just an alternative front end, and that's okay, too. Some people it's just an alternative front end and that's okay too.