Okay, thanks guys. This is sort of an answer to the cold prospecting thing too. I'm still on the how to get a client and how to get a client cold if you must, but also how to create them coming to you. Not that anybody remembers the sales letter, but one of the things I promised you while you were here was my number one career stress strategy. And it also refers to something I told you yesterday, which was the worst news you could hear the entire time you were here, which is you got to be a good writer. The single best tool you will ever have for a whole variety of purposes, including this one, getting people to come to you and ask you to help them or advise them is a newsletter. And it allows you to put it in front of people in a herd and people not in a herd. You know, the nice thing about newsletters amongst many other benefits is that busy successful people subscribe to a bunch of them. And in many cases, they don't remember what the hell they subscribed to and what they didn't subscribe to. So you can take a target list and start sending them a newsletter marked here is your copy of your paid newsletter this month. And even though they didn't subscribe to it since they're getting it and it says they did, they figure they must have. And they'll now pay just as much attention to it as if they had. Do you need me to say that again? Okay. Busy successful people subscribe to a lot of newsletters. In most cases, they don't remember what the hell they subscribed to half of the time. But if it arrives and says, here's this month's copy of your paid subscription newsletter. Since it says that I must have paid for it. And since I paid for it, I'm not going to throw it out. See, it's not junk mail anymore because I paid for it. So now I'll read it. And so you can create a farm, a subscriber base that you deliver a newsletter to who never opted into it, never subscribed to it in the first place, but now will pay just as much attention to it as if they had. Now it's better if they subscribe to it. So let me give you a couple of examples though. There's somebody doing it to me right now, by the way, and it took me three months before I noticed, which is really very cool. I get a lot of health newsletters. I've subscribed to a lot of health newsletters. One because I do copywriting work in that category and I want to get all the junk mail. So the way to get all the junk mail is to subscribe to a bunch of stuff because then you get all the junk mail. And so I really want the junk mail as much as I want the damn newsletters, but you got to buy the newsletters in order to get the junk mail. If they let me subscribe to the junk mail, I just subscribe to the junk mail, but they won't. So I get a lot of them, I don't know, 20, 30, 40 of them a month. So I don't remember what the hell I've subscribed to or what I haven't subscribed to. I don't know. But I pay attention to them all. I also pay attention to them for personal reasons because I'm diabetic. So I notice now this month, so here's the envelope and it littered its Dr. So-and-So's newsletter and it's here's this month's issue of your paid subscription newsletter. And I've been reading it for three months. And I started to think again as I was reading it this month, I sure as hell don't remember subscribed to this thing. Well we do have a file somewhere. So I now go dig. Well I never did subscribe to this thing. He's doing this. He's written a list and he sent in and out as if it wasn't paid subscription newsletter. Well it's the best teaser copy you could ever put on an envelope other than photo and clothes do not bend. I mean because it immediately moves it over from the B pile to the A pile because you paid for it. It's a little deceptive, but it is brilliant. So I come home from NSA in 19 whatever with Buster Crab on the plane and I got a client and then I decided to start a newsletter. And so my very first newsletter was for speakers and it was called Marketing Your Services and it was $179 a year. And the NSA market at that time was maybe I don't know, 3,000 people in it. So I mailed the crap out of them to get people to subscribe about $179 a year and I got four or five hundred subscribers in a period of five or six months. And then I just sent it to the rest of them as if they had paid to subscribe to it. And I treated them all as paid subscribers. So I took the money from the ones I could get money from and I sent it to the rest of them as if they had given me money.