Hey everyone, my name is Russell Brunson and welcome you to the Lead Funnels Training today. I'm so excited to have you guys here. We're going to be talking about how to generate leads. So every business needs leads, right? It's funny, I always get people asking me all the time, like, well, like, do I need ClickFunnels? I don't understand, like, how it works in my business. I'm like, well, the only business that need ClickFunnels are businesses that either need customers or they need leads. So if your business needs customers or leads and you need ClickFunnels, and there's pretty much the only business that don't need customers or leads, the ones that have too many customers and too many leads, and they're freaking out, they want to slow down. In that case, you probably shouldn't use ClickFunnels because it's going to get you more customers and more leads. But for everybody else, this is like the backbone of your business, or getting people into your company, leads coming in and then selling them products and services. Like, that is business. That's when all boils down, that's kind of what it is. And so what we're going to be talking about today are actually lead funnels. Funnels that generate leads. And there's a whole bunch of really cool things that I share with you guys behind the strategy and how it works. And when you kind of see those things, it should paint a really clear picture for you. Like, oh, cool. That's how I, like that's the reason why I generate leads and how it works and how I communicate with them and how I follow up and all those different pieces. And that's the first side. And then the second side is I'm actually going to show you guys 106 different lead funnels. These are my favorite and tons of different industries from authors to local businesses to franchises to like as many as I could find. I found 106 of them for this presentation and the walkie-tune. There's obviously more. I can show you tons more. But I think this 106 will give you a really clear outline of like, oh my gosh, like, it should get my goals. You get all these like these, these ah-has in your head of like, I could do that. I could do that. I could do that. I don't want anyone to be like, I don't know what to do, Russell. So I'm going to give you so many examples, so many case studies of lead funnels that work that you can just pick any of them. And then as you'll see, most of these lead funnels, you can bust out in less than an hour. Like they're super, they're fast, they're easy. And so that's what we're going to kind of go through. So again, I'm going to show you 106 different unique lead funnels that you can model to build the list, generate leads, increase prospects who are ready and willing to buy from you. And so that's kind of the headline for the presentation. So what we're going to be covering, if you're taking notes, this is kind of the outline of the presentation. So first thing we'll be covering is I'm going to talk about the history of lead funnels. If you guys understand the history and where they kind of came from, it'll make sense why we do it. If you're just like, if it's just like, here's this thing you should use. A lot of times when you understand the history, but it's like, oh, that's where this came from. And that's why this is so effective and why it's so powerful. So I'm talking about the history of lead funnels. Number two, I'm going to explain the power of list building, why the money is in the list, why you should be focusing on this. This should be the focal point of your business. From the second you start your business until the minute you sell your company, this is the key thing. If you look at our company, we have a standard meeting every single morning and we have our key metrics on the board. And one of our key metrics is how many people today were added to our list. And what's interesting is as you start watching it and you start trying to, whatever you track will grow. So every single day in our conference room, the pop step and our entire team sees, okay, yesterday we generated 1500 leads, 1700 leads, 1800 leads and as we watch it, it grows every single day. If you don't watch it, it disappears. And so this should be your focal point. You should be focusing on every single second of every single day, how do I get more leads? How do I get more leads? Because the leads, this is like the lifeblood of your company. And if you understand that the money is in the list, I'm going to kind of go deep into that. It'll make more sense of why this is such a big focal point for your company. Number three is after you start building, let's talk about actionetics and follow up funnels, what they are, how they work and how they, you can use them to build a better relationship with your list. Because having a list that doesn't know who you are, doesn't actually make you money. You have to have a list and have a relationship with them and follow up funnels. What makes that possible? Then we're talking about lead magnets. How do you create a lead magnet that's going to grab somebody and pull them to you? That's what this little doodle here is for. Okay. You create a lead magnet that's going to get your dream people coming into your funnels all day long, which is the goal. And then I'm going to show you guys like I said, 106 different examples of lead funnels, which will be tons of fun. So that's where we are going. So I'm going to start today right now with the history of lead funnels. Where did this whole concept come from? So if you look back in time, and you guys remember using computers, probably almost 20 years ago now, right? The time I was graduating from high school, I was getting into college and you'd go to a website, you guys remember what happened? You go to a website and you're like, Oh, cool. This is the thing I'm looking for. And then the most annoying thing on earth would happen. Boom, these big pop-ups would pop up, right? And the most funny is back then it wasn't just one. Usually like 14 pop-ups that would pop up all at once. In fact, there were advertising agencies back then right? Have your pop-up show 18 million times for 50 bucks. I know because I used to buy those. And you pay it also your pop-ups popping up with everybody else's pop-up. And they were super annoying to consumers. But for marketers like me and you, and you understand this more as we get deeper into the list building part, like it was, it was the lifeblood. So a pop-up would come up and say, Hey, give me your email address and you could get this free report or give me your email address and you can enter a contest to win a million dollars or whatever. And give me email address and earn to win this car. There's tons of things like that, right? And so marketers were using that and building these huge email lists of tens of people and thousands and tens of thousands and hundreds of thousands and millions. And you'll see in a minute, like that is the asset inside of your company. Okay. But unfortunately for most humans, they were really annoying and they got more and more annoying as people started selling not just one pop-up, but 10, 15, 20 on a site. And sometimes you'd go to a site and our old computers would just crash because they couldn't handle all the pop-ups and people hated the internet, right? And so then what happened is that, you know, smart entrepreneurs saw that and they started creating pop-up blockers and the browser tried having pop-up blockers built into it and pop-ups went from this thing that we all built our businesses on to disappearing overnight. Okay. And so I remember because like I was, I was getting started in this game right when pop-ups were huge and it was interesting because everyone at the time is like, Oh, we missed the dot com bubble. Like you can't build this anymore. It's over. And like everyone is kind of like thought that the whole game was done. But luckily for me and for you and for all of us, there's some brilliant minds who said, well, how do we shift this around? And, um, and they came up with the concept that back in the day, they used to call the, uh, they used to call it a squeeze page, but it was like a page. And they said, basically, what if we took this pop-up instead of like having someone come to website and there's a pop-up, what if we took that pop-up and made that the actual page, like a gateway and forced people to come to the pop-up, put the email address and then we'd show them what they actually wanted to see. And I still remember like the early debates. This is how this is, um, aging me from the marketing wars, but the early debates back in the day, people talking about that. And like, like, why would you do that? You're blocking people from seeing your website. Like, it's the dumbest thing in the world. And, um, but luckily a bunch of people started testing it. And what was amazing is it shifted business as we know it. Okay. And so the very first, um, the very first lead funnel I ever saw was actually this one right here. And so this is from, um, uh, David D'Angelo was his pen name. Some of you guys may know Evan Pagan. He's a big marketing and sales trainer right now and business development trainer. Uh, but Evan Pagan was a genius. He owned this company called double your dating and, uh, he, he, uh, again, his pen name was David D'Angelo and this was his squeeze page. This was his lead funnel. This is what it was. It was the very first time I'd ever actually seen one of these things before. And I remember seeing it and it was, it was like, I, I, I heard people talking about it in different forms and things like that. I remember going to it and just being like, this doesn't make sense to me. And at first I thought like, this guy's got to be crazy, but then, um, later I had a chance to meet him and I found out their company was doing $20 million a year online teaching men how to pick up women. And I was like, how, like, but this was, it went to double your dating.com. Like that was the webpage. Like double your dating.com was that. And I was like, how are the making $20 million a year doesn't make any logical sense. Like I don't, I don't get it. And so I started like really looking at it and analyzing and funnel hacking it. Let me watch this and see what's happening. And remember going to the page and says, okay, you're about to learn secrets. And most men will never know about women. Inside you're going to learn the kiss test, how to tell if she's ready to be kissed, you're going to find out the difference between men and women and what they think about dating and he has all these things. Right. So give me your first name, your email address, and I'll give you access to all this stuff for free. Now I just been recently married to my beautiful wife and I was like, if I give him the email address and the email comes in, she's going to think I'm going to try to pick up chicks. I was like, what do I do? So I had this moral dilemma. So luckily I called my wife. I said, I have to put my email address in this form. This is marketing research. I do not want to learn this thing. I'm assuming at this point you're okay with me kissing you. Um, but this is why I took, I literally let her know cause I was like so scared to put my email address in cause I'd never seen something like this before. This was not, you know, we see these things all the time now. But back then it was like brand new. And so she gave me permission. I was like, sweet. I put my name, my email address in. And then what was interesting is it took me to the next page. On the next page, there was this little paragraph at the top. It's like, like, I don't know, five or six sentences long. And all of this was explained what the kiss test was. Okay. And I want to, I want to understand, we understand this because everything here is happening with, with lead funnels is, it's, it's, um, it's an exchange. Right. Like, like me as the marketer, I want your email address so I can send you emails and you want something for me. So what Evan was selling here is like, I'm going to give you the kiss test. I will teach you the kiss test to find out if she's ready to be kissed and in exchange, you give me email address. That's the, that's what we're trading here. Right. We're bartering. Okay. And so that was his lead magnet was the kiss test. So I read this. I remember, I still remember this day, like, uh, thinking it was so funny. Cause this whole, you know, all the, you know, this is like a week of me stressing out cause I want to put my email address and I was scared of it. So I did it and I was like, what's the kiss test? I was assuming it's going to be this huge thing. And it was literally like two, two, two paragraphs, five sentences and said, okay, this is the kiss test. When you go on a date with a girl, you walk up to the door afterwards. When you get to the door, like put her hair behind her, her hair behind her ear. Okay. And says, what's going to happen is if you put it behind, if she turns into your hand, boom, that's the sign that she wants to be kissed. If she doesn't, that means don't like stop right now. You're too close. Like walk away. And I remember I was like, oh my gosh, luckily I'm married cause I like, you know, but I was like, that makes total sense. If I, I can imagine how scary that'd be to like walk a girl to the door and like, am I going to kiss her or not kiss her? And that was such a simple tip, like such a simple thing. Oh my gosh. If I do that and she turns now, I know now the stress, the anxiety, the fear, all the stuff disappears and now I learned the kiss test. Right. So he, I traded in my email address in exchange for this lead magnet, the kiss test, and then I got it and I received value. I'm like, oh my gosh, that was so cool. I received value. And if you come down here a little bit further, he keeps kind of explaining the kiss test and some basic things in the bottom. He's like, look, if you want to learn, like that was one tip, you want more tips about how to double your dating, go get my ebook, you click here and it would take you to the sales page was then sold his ebook. And after that, if you've been studying with me, know about value value by the ebook and the episodes you're here, code to the home study course and the live events and that is how we built a $20 million business all off of the kiss test. Okay. So that's, I mean, if you, again, if you've heard me talk about value ladder, like, like this is what happens, right? Someone comes in here, you give them a little bit of value. If they like it, like that was amazing. I need more than you take them and they hit, okay, you got value from the kiss test, combine my book and you kind of move them through that and you bring them through this value ladder. Okay. So that was the original one. I remember watching that and looking at it for man, so many times and studying it and then most of my initial squeeze pages or lead funnels, whatever you want to call them. I call them, I may say squeeze pages sometimes back in the day, we always call them squeeze pages, which is really confusing weird, weird term nowadays. Here's how the click phones community, we call them lead funnels. So if I ever say word squeeze page, it's just the landing page where we're squeezing somebody's email address from them. It's the lead phone, getting the lead from, from the person. Um, but I remember all the first ones I ever made looked almost identical to this. I was like, you're about to learn the secrets about marketing that most people will never know. You're about to learn secrets about, about speed reading that most people will never know. Like every, every business, every market I was in, I would just plug it into this template because, because it worked, right? That's what funnel hackers do. We model and so I modeled that, but that was the very first one I saw and it was, it was a, it was a big deal. Okay. So I'm gonna walk you through just the basics of how, how, how lead funnels work. Okay. So on the landing page, the landing pages are simple, right? I'm doing an exchange. I'm saying, look, if you give me your email address, I will give you something in exchange. Okay. We call these lead magnets. Okay. Cause it's going to get somebody in and, and, and they're going to come into your list and they're going to be on your list. Right. So I created lead magnet. So in this example right here, it's the going pro. This is a Brian Ranz. Um, this is one of my favorite, um, lead funnels. It's just so clean and simple. So I want to show this here, but it's very simple. It's like, Hey, um, give me your email address and I will give you this little ebook I wrote. Okay. So his lead magnet is the going pro manifesto and I'm going to trade you for the email address. Very simple, very simple transaction. Right. Okay. Um, so that's the very first step. Then after they give you the email address, when the second page, then, then you actually go and you give them the thing. Right. So it's like, give me your email address. I'll give you this thing. And then page number two, you just give them the thing. Like, here you go. Don't be one of the people like, Oh, like, if you buy the thing, now I'll give it to you. Like, no, like, like actually give them value. Like you promise them something, you give them value and what Brian did here is really cool and we'll learn more about this as we go on is he got the lead, he gave them the ebook. And then right here, it's like step two, click here, which then takes them to the next funnel, which then he sells them something. Okay. We'll come back to that. Um, we'll go a lot deeper into that here in a minute. Okay. I want to go back to this. So the best practices on, um, on a landing page, number one is it simple. Okay. Most people come to me and they have landing pages. Super complex. Like it's not converting. Why not? I'm like, there's so much stuff happening. Okay. Um, simplicity is best. Most of my landing pages, you'll see that there's a headline, there's an image and there's a box. That's it. Almost no other images, no videos. Like most of mine are so simple. Okay. So simple is big. Number two is curiosity. Okay. If you say like, Hey, if you opted, I'm going to show you guys how to lose weight. They might be like, Oh, well, I, you know, I got to eat less calories or I got to eat less calories and I burn, right? Like that's not going to get us. It's not going to cause curiosity. But if you're like, Hey, give me an email address. I'm going to show you how I lost 32 pounds while eating hot dogs, hamburgers and ice cream. It's like, wait, what? That doesn't make any sense. So they're curious. Now they're going to be willing to do it. And last thing is just tell them what to do. Like go click on this thing and give me your email address. Okay. So the biggest things are simplicity, curiosity and telling them what to do, specifically telling them. Okay. That's the secret to a lead funnel to the landing page. Um, the more simple, the more curiosity, um, the higher conversions are going to be. So anytime I look at a landing page and it's like, Oh, it's not working Russell. Why not? I might get to the two complex or it's not enough curiosity. So that's kind of the, the, the metrics to know what's happening. Okay. The next one to point out is, is it, it doesn't have to be hard. Okay. I'm going to go deep into lead magnets in a minute, but it doesn't have to be hard. This is Brendan Bouchard. So you spoke at our last funnel hacking live event. Um, Brendan's like, his lead magnet is one piece of paper. It's like, Hey, here's this piece of paper. I give CEOs that help me be more productive. You want it? Give me your email address and I'll send you the piece of paper. Like that's it. Like that is the lead magnet. So don't think like, Oh, I've tried to book after this huge thing. All right. It can be really, really, really simple. Brendan is used us to build a huge list of people. Just like, Hey, this is this one piece of paper. They put in the email on the next page. He gives them the PDF they can print out and that's, that's it. Okay. The kiss test was a paragraph. Like it doesn't have to be bulky and huge. It's something exciting. We're like, I want that thing. I'm curious about what, what is the one page productivity planner? Like what is it? I need that. That's, that's what we're looking for. Okay. All right. This right here right now is my highest converting lead funnel. And again, it is so simple. It's two pages. Notice there's no fancy pants design or anything. It's literally, there's a headline. There's a picture of the thing they're going to get. They give me the email address. They click the button. And then the next page, we just give them the thing. Like there's the link to the thing you just asked for. Okay. Um, if you look at this, these are some of our stats on it. Um, uh, in the last, I think seven or eight months since we've had this, we've generated 148,000 leads from this funnel, which is insane. I'll explain the numbers and math behind here in a second. Uh, but landing page conversions, 55.63% after seven or eight months. Okay. So more than half people that land on the page actually give me their email address. Okay. Um, and that's really, really high. Um, you can build a really good business when it converts to 20% or 30%, but the, the, the things that make it increase to the higher conversion are, we talked about before simplicity, look how simple this page is curiosity. Like what are the 99 marketing secrets are going to change your business and change your life? Ooh, that looks cool. Like there's all this curiosity driven inside of there, which makes people want to opt in. Okay. So more than half people land on this page actually opt in. It's very simple. Okay. Here's another one of mine. Again, very simple. Here's the marketing secrets binge guide. Just give me your email address and I will give it to you. Okay. And they do. And then boom, I just give it to them. Okay. Both of these two landing pages go to the vaccine. Thank you page. That's why I have the download links for, for both of them. Okay. Because, um, as you'll see here in a minute, like you're not just going to create one lead funnel, people like, I'm just going to make one perfect thing. Like, no, no, you're going to hold bunch of them really, really fast because you have no idea what people are going to respond to. So if you spend a ton of time building one, it may, you may spend a month trying to build one, it doesn't work. And then you're out, like you're out of luck. Right. We do them quickly. Like this one I spent maybe, um, two minutes building the one prior, maybe maybe five minutes because I had to think of a good headline. Okay. They're simple. They both go to the exact same page, um, but we're building them really quickly so we can see what, what's going to work. Okay. Again, very, very simple. Okay. So that's some of the history of where these lead funnels come from. So now that you understand some of the history and kind of you've seen some examples how, how they work, how simple they are. The second thing we'll talk about is I need you to understand, um, how just the marketing business works. Okay. Um, the money is in the list in all businesses. Okay. It's interesting. Um, for whatever reason, most entrepreneurs think that the value of their businesses and like the product they created or their brains or they're like, whatever it is, like that's what they think their business is all about. Right. But it's not true in all businesses. The only actual asset inside of a business is your customer list. Can we understand that? Look at, if you look back at big companies throughout time, right? I remember the very first time I got this, it was right after, um, eBay bought Skype for like, I don't know, $2.3 billion or something crazy like that. Right. And I was like, wait a minute, eBay's got the best developers on the world. They could literally like clone Skype in a weekend if they, if they wanted to, why did they spend $2.3 billion for Skype? I was like, Oh, well Skype had a hundred million users at the time. They were buying the user base. Okay. Why did Facebook buy Instagram? Literally Facebook could have built Instagram in a weekend. They didn't need it. Right. Why did they, why did they give how all that money to them? They wanted the customer base. They wanted all the people that wanted the list. Okay. In all businesses, the list is the sellable asset. Okay. If I would have self-clicked phone someday, guess what they're buying? They're not buying a funnel building software as amazing as that is. They're not buying Russell Brunson, not buying my ebooks and my physical products and my coaching. They're buying the customers who are using the software. That is the sellable asset in every single business. Okay. So you have to understand that a lot of times we think that the, the, the business is the product or the service or you and it's not, it's the customers. That is your business. Okay. So you have to like drill that and you have like the list is the key. And I'm so grateful. My, one of my very first mentors was a guy named Mark Joyner and he drilled this in my head over and over and over again, 15 years ago. And because of that, like that's been my focus point. Okay. I look at all the marketers who've been in the same business as me for the last decade and a half. Most of them are gone. Most of them disappeared. We've surpassed all of them by, by a lot. It's because of my extreme focus on the customer list, the list, the list is the key. Okay. So I'm going to try to drive this your head because some of you guys think, oh, leave funnel, like, why do I need to leave fun? Russell, I have this big old webinar funnel over here and this funnel over here. It's like, because the lead funnel is the fastest, easiest way to get leads. Okay. Which is your actual business. Okay. So that becomes the focal point. So the money's in the list. Okay. And here's the marketing Matthew has to understand. Okay. Um, if you do this poorly, you will average $1 per month per name on your email address list. Okay. So that means if you start this process, start building a list and let's say, um, you get a thousand people on your list, you should start averaging about a thousand dollars a month in sales. Okay. Now these are, these are approximates. It's not a guaranteed. Um, but $1 per name per month is actually on the lower sides. I'll show you here in a second. Okay. So a thousand bucks, a thousand people on your list, make a thousand bucks a month. Okay. 10,000 people on your list, 10,000 bucks a month, a hundred thousand people list, a hundred thousand dollars a month. Okay. And so on and so forth. Okay. Um, I always tell people like, as soon as you get like, um, we look at this 10,000 people on your list, that's 120,000, $120,000 a year, you're six figures. We get 10,000 people on your list, a hundred thousand people on your list, you had a million bucks a year. Okay. Like there's a direct correlation. That's if you kind of do it poorly. Okay. And these numbers sink for me. I remember when I first got started and somebody told me this and sure enough, like, I think my very first month, I got like 217 people on my list. That month I made like 300 bucks. I was like, weird. And I got to, um, to a thousand that I was synced and then 5,000, 10,000, 50,000, a hundred thousand, a million, um, million and a half. Like it sinks really, really, really close. Okay. Now most of you guys, if you follow what I'm going to teach you guys during this training, you should actually average a lot more. Okay. $1 per name is like, if you're just sending out emails, if you actually build a relationship with your list, those should be a lot higher. Okay. There's a direct correlation between how much money you're going to make and your relationship with that list. Okay. I was doing the math last night and, um, right now we average is just shy of $10 per month per name on my email address list. Okay. And so that's kind of in my business. Okay. Some of you guys are like a local business and maybe you're like, man, Russell, I live in Boise, Idaho. I'm not going to get, you know, a thousand people in my list is like half of the town. I'm not going to be that much money. Right. Okay. That's on the low end. Okay. Especially in like local businesses where there's, where you have a better ability to have a relationship because they're coming into your place. Like that should be 10 bucks, 50 bucks, you know, whatever that might be. Okay. But just, I want to give you guys that benchmark is when I say like, well, if we added 150,000 people to our list through this, this lead funnel, I want you to put them in your mind like worst case scenario means Russell gave himself a hundred and fifty thousand dollar a month raise. Okay. I was talking about in this business, it's like, um, the question is like, how do I give myself a raise every single day? Right. If you wanted to give yourself a thousand dollar a month, the raise in a traditional business, right? Or a 10,000 a month raise or a hundred thousand a month raise and say you're a doctor, like you got to go back to school for like, you know, an extra 12 years to specialize in this thing. Whereas here it's like, okay, let's focus on building a list. Let's grow more people into this. And then I gave myself a raise every single day. It's like, how do I give myself a race day? How do I give myself a race days by adding people to your customer list? Okay. All right. Now I'm walking through the phases. So the first phase of having a lead funnel, especially for some of you guys, you're just getting started, right? I don't have any products to sell you at Russell. So the first phase is not focusing on selling something. It's just building a relationship, right? Okay. So if step one is building a list and then building a relationship with that list. Okay. A good example is this right here. This funnel I showed you guys earlier today. Um, I don't sell anything on the back of it. So he comes here. I asked for the email address that take him to the thank you page where they download it, but I say, Hey, thanks for signing up. Um, subscribe to my podcast. Okay. Cause this is the, this ebook is a bunch of, um, uh, episodes for my podcast. Subscribe to my podcast. Right. And that's it. I don't sell them anything. So they subscribe to my podcast and what happens when they described my podcast now they're at home and they're plugging them in the ears while they're working out. They're listening to me talk. Okay. This is Liz. Benny right here listening to the marketing, uh, secret podcast. Okay. Now I'm in Liz. Benny's ears and every time when she's working out, when she's driving the car, when she's walking, she's listening to me, right? Cause podcasting is how I put out most of my content. Right. So she's listening to what happens. Yeah. I'm building a list of people, which is awesome, but a bunch of people who don't know who I am, what I believe, what I stand for, doesn't make you any money. Hope and feel who know who you are, who understand what you believe in, who listen to you for 20, 30, 40 minutes a day. Imagine the relationship you have with them. Okay. It's not hard to sell somebody, uh, a 10, a 20, a 30, a $50,000 product when they have a great relationship with you. Most of the people who are in my inner circle, pay me $50,000 a year. They got into my inner circle through the podcast. Is that crazy? So you go Russell, where's the ROI on this? The ROI is someone comes in here. I build a relationship with them. And six months later, give me a check for $50,000. Okay. Or they come to fun like you live because they, they heard something in one of my episodes that they related to. And so because of that, they came from like you live, the phone, I can live the journey to common club X, whatever happened because I built the relationship with them first. Okay. So building lists is not the only thing. Okay. If you just build a list, you're going to have $1 per name, per month. You build the list and then you build the relationships and go to two bucks, five bucks, 10 bucks, 20 bucks, 50 bucks is going to go much higher. Okay. So that's the, that's the game. Building a list and building a relationship with the list. So initially, especially for all you guys right now, who are getting started, like, like figure out how you're going to be publishing content and use a lead funnel to get people plugged into that content. So you can start building a relationship with an ASAP. Okay. All right. So how do you build a relationship? Um, it all comes down to you publishing stuff. Okay. If you've been around me or this community for very long, you know, we always talk about like you have to be publishing all the time. And you're like, I don't like publishing stuff. I remember Stephen Larson, who's one of our two comic club X coaches now. He, uh, you know, he's one of the, the guys in our community has been killing it. He came to the second funnel hacking live event and he was like, I'm going to show up. He's like, um, I will do anything Russell says. If I will not publish, I refuse to do that because I don't believe that. I, you know, I'm selling products and services. I do not want to publish stuff. I don't want to put things out there in the world. And he's like, I'll do anything else. Russell says in the very first presentation, the very first day, I was like, you have to start publishing consistently all the time. That's how you build a relationship with your audience. And that's how you increase the value of that relationship. Okay. You have to be publishing stuff. And, uh, and he went home all angry and mad. And then he started his podcast and the podcast has fueled his entire business, um, for the last three or four years since then. Okay. So some of you guys are like, well, we're also, I don't want to do podcasts. So I'm going to give you guys three options. You can pick any three you want. Okay. So my first question is how many of you guys like to write? Like you say, I can sit down. I can just write for now. I love that. Okay. If you're someone likes to write, then you should be putting out a blog. Okay. The easiest way to do blogs is go to medium.com, create a free account. You can start blogging today. You don't have to wait for forever. Right. And some of them come into your lead funnel they opt in and start push sending them to your blog. They start reading your blog posts and that's how you start building this relationship with them. Okay. So if you're a writer, you're going to do a blog. Okay. Now, if you're not a writer, you're like, ah, writing, I would rather die than write. Okay. And that's kind of where I'm at. Like I really struggle blogging. Um, writing books for me is something, right? A book in like a week and a half. It takes me like a year plus try to book and it's so much pain. Writing is hard for me, but audio is super easy. I literally started my podcast. The first, um, five years of the podcast or four years of the podcast was called marketing your car because, um, I knew that if I had a big fancy studio, all this kind of stuff, I would never actually do it. So I literally got my iPhone out. I click record. I would just drive to the office while I talked and first five years. That's what it was. Then I changed it to the marketing secrets podcast, make it all fancy pants and guess how I record that one. I click record while I'm driving to the office and I record it. And you can hear my car, the engine, the back are all sort of, it doesn't matter because I'm sharing my best stuff with people and that's what they connect to. They don't care if your studio quality, all kinds of stuff. They care that you're vulnerable. You're sharing your experiences and things like that. Okay. So if you're somebody like, I don't want to write, but I can do audio. Boom. That's your thing. Okay. Or number three, if you're like, um, I don't like to write Russell. I don't really like doing audio, but I love to be on video. Then do video, start a vlog. It can be a YouTube vlog, it can be Facebook lives, it can be Instagram. It doesn't matter. It's just starting and consistently publishing something that way when your list comes in, you can plug them into something so they can start building connection with you. Okay. And if you start building a list, you're like, I'm going to come out the product in a couple of months from now. It's going to be amazing. All you can join your list, forget who you are and then your product come out. You're like, launch your product and nobody will know who you are and nothing's going to happen. You wasted all his time and energy in money building lists because you didn't build the relationship with the list. Okay. It's a two step process. Build a list and build a relationship with the list. Okay. So how do you do that? Okay. Well, this is kind of the timeline. Some of you guys are like, well, this is tough because I can't publish what I'm doing because I haven't got my goal yet. Right. I have a result like when I lose 100 pounds, then I'll start publishing about my weight loss journey. When I make $100 million, then I'll start talking about my business journey. You have to understand if you do that, you'll never actually get there. Okay. If I feel qualified to start teaching marketing, guess what? I would not have started teaching marketing yet. Okay. I don't feel qualified. It's crazy. It's insane to me that like all these people trust me. I'm like, I'm just figuring this crap out on my own. I didn't go to school for the term of an MBA or a doctor or even like a regular degree in marketing. I'm just obsessed with it. Right. And what's interesting is I started publishing down here when I was even worse, okay? But I started publishing and putting things out. I took people on this journey with me. In fact, that's number one. I started documenting the journey. And as I did that, people started jumping in different parts of the path. I remember Stephen Larson told me, he's like, yeah, he's like, I started listening to your marketing, your car podcast. He's like, it's interesting. The first like 45 episodes or so, like it wasn't very good. And about 45, 46, like it started like, it started getting good. Now it's like, it's on fire. And I think most people, what happens is they start their podcast down here and they do three or four episodes and I go, I suck at this. This is gonna be horrible when they quit. Okay. I'm lucky when I started my podcast initially, I didn't know how to, how to check stats. We, we set up kind of a weird way. So I couldn't even check stats. So I had no idea if anyone was listening to me for four years, four years in is when we finally figured out how to track it. And I was like, oh, we have a following. And I started looking backwards. I was like, but we didn't for the first like three years, but I kept doing it. I was consistent with it. And if I had known that, I would have never done it. Right. And so it's just, it's being consistent is documenting your journey to the result. Okay. Cause your goal is to help whatever, like business is all about getting people results, right? From your product, your service, whatever the thing is that you're trying to get. Right. And so you're taking people on this path. You don't have to be here to help somebody. Right. You just have to be one or two steps in front of them. That's what you have to understand. If you're one of the steps in front of them and you're publishing your, and you're putting things out, people will plug in and they go, my gosh, this person is ahead of me. Let me plug into them and follow them around and see what's going to, what's going to happen. Okay. J. Graham said that people are silently begging to be led. They're walking around with an, an, an ambilical cord out of their belly button trying to find somebody to plug into. Okay. This is your opportunity. When you start publishing, you start documenting the journey. These people will find you, they're going to plug in and you're going to take them to the result and you'll be the person who changes their life. Okay. So documenting the journey. And number two, the other cool thing about this is it gives you the opportunity to start testing your material. You find what things work with things work. Don't work. And it's something's amazing. Like, oh my gosh, like this one hit it for some reason. I'm going to build a lead funnel around that. We literally have lead funnels that just someone comes in and they opt in to get an episode. Can I, hey, my number one episode ever downloaded on iTunes is so amazing. I talk about this, this and this. If you want to know what that episode is, opt in here. They opt in. I'm like, it's episode 47 or whatever it is. Right. Like it doesn't have to be like your lead funnel. It's huge crazy thing. It can be just one of your episodes could literally be your lead funnel. Okay. So you're testing materials. Who's going to get people respond to you? And then based on that, you know what products to create, what services. Like everything else comes from the feedback that you're testing your material. The best way to test it is through this publishing process. And last thing, it helps you find hooks. Okay. When we get to advertising and things like that, you got to be really good at figuring out what hooks grab people and by doing this and testing what stuff you start finding those things out. So many people come to me and they're like, they don't do this foundational work first. They come and they're like, okay, um, Russell, I want to sell this thing. I'm like, cool, you should sell. Like, I built a funnel and they, and they try to sell it. Like no one's buying for my funnel. I'm like, well, why not? Like, I don't know. No one's clicking my ads. No one's coming over. No one's giving me an email address. I'm like, well, like, have you done this work? Like, what are the hooks that worked in your audience in the past? Okay. What material do you try to like? What do they listen to? What do they like? What are the things that they have no idea. Okay. This is not something you should start like when your product's ready. This is something you should start yesterday, like ASAP today. Okay. It's just go and start because as soon as you start, they start learning these things by time your product's ready here or whatever that spot might be. Then you know what things people respond to makes the whole rest of the process a million times easier. Okay. That's how the build relationship. All right. So phase number one, generating lead, right? Getting a lead and then building a relationship with them. Now phase number two, then is your building a list. Okay. And then you start pushing him into your first offer. So this is an example of this. This is a Brian Moran's going, going pro manifesto. Right. I showed you guys earlier, you opt in to get the free manifesto pays. Number two, he gives you the manifesto and then out here is like, cool. Step number two, after you download this is I'm going to show you how to get your first thousand fans on Facebook and Instagram for free in just seven days. You click on that. Boom. Takes you to the sales letter and then sells his training program on that thing. Okay. So you generate the lead and they push them into the next funnel. Okay. And we're not going to be talking during this training about other funnels because there's book funnels, webinar funnels, there's high ticket funnels, a million different funnels you can push them to. It's just, I want you to understand you like that's the next phase. Right. Cause I want to make sure that like moving forward a lot of times when you're building your list initially, if you don't have a lot of money, you're doing free things. You're trying to get a podcast interviews, doing things, pushing people to your, to your lead magnet. Right. The longest thing you want to be able to go and start buying ads. And so this makes it easier for me to buy ads because I can buy an ad here. And then if you want to attend by this thing, maybe that covers my ad costs. I can buy more ads. I sure grow on my list as fast as I want. Okay. So that's some of the, the thoughts. So the second phase is building a list and then pushing them into your first funnel, into the first offer. We actually sell them something. I'm going to be showing you tons of examples of both of those. All right. So I want to walk you through just kind of the overarching strategy of how we build the list because people are like, why can't afford to build a list? Russell or I don't know how it's going to work. And like, if you understand some of these core principles, it's really not that difficult. Okay. So if you look up here, you can build a list for free, which is like, okay, I'm going to build it for free. Who already has my dream customers? Okay. It's like, okay, these are the podcasts that I'm my dream customers. I'm going to go and try to get interviewed on the podcast. And during the podcast interview, when they're like, how can my listeners learn more about you? Like, well, the best way is to get a free copy of my book. Go to marketingsecrets.com slash black book. It gives you 99 secrets of how you can, uh, that'll change your business and change your life. Right. And I do that in all the podcasts of social gets people for free into my, into my lead funnel. Okay. Or, um, I can go and find someone's got a big blog and become a guest blogger. Hey, can I blog? Can I write an article on your blog? You get a lot of traffic anyways. You write an article on their blog and then the, in the, the buyouts, like, Hey, if you want to learn more from Russell, if you like his stuff, go get, uh, you know, go get the marketing secrets black book 99 ways, change your business and change lives, go to marketingsecrets.com slash black book. And I pushed them there. Right. It's a lot of free ways you can do. So I just gave you two just kind of get the will to get spending was a ton of ways you can do. Or the other one is you start paying for leads, right? Facebook, YouTube, Instagram, uh, Google, you're buying leads. You pay for advertising. Now, typically for us, depending on, on where it works, usually we spend a year from $1 to $3 to get a lead into our world. Now, the first time I heard that, I remember this probably 14 years ago, someone said, yeah, you got to spend a couple bucks per lead. I was like, what? What? Like, I can't pay money per lead. Like that's insane. If I get a list of 1000 people cost me 1000 bucks, like it didn't make sense to me. Um, until I started understanding this, I want to explain this to you because this makes it where like everything's self liquidating. Okay. Your funnels will pay for the leads. Like we buy leads. Okay. We get, you know, 15, 16, 1700 leads a day, but like the process we take them through pays for so that they're free. Yes, I'm paying three bucks per lead, but it becomes free because of the centers and this concept. Okay. Does that work? So say, I say, I say, I'm just going to do a dollar for right now. So say I pay a dollar to Mark Zuckerberg. So I'm buying Facebook ads where I'm promoting my marketing secrets black book. They click on the ad, they come over here and they put the email address in and boom, Austin, I have this amazing thing. This is a lead. This is a customer. This is somebody who's interested in my stuff. Okay. And the most valuable part of your business in the future, if you ever sold your company, they're buying that person, not you. Okay. So like there it is. This is like everything in business is this person. Like this is the most thing. This is what matters the most case. We have this human being where I, oh my gosh, I gotta love them. I gotta serve them. And then you look at it. It's like, oh my gosh, it cost me a dollar. Like I'm in the hole already. If I get a second lead, I'm in hole two, three, and then you start freaking out. Like, stop the leads. Right. But if you start looking at strategic, you can say, okay, the lead comes in. Right. And let's say I send them an email the first day and I start to build a relationship. I have them go to register my podcast for more information or whatever. So the first email, I made $0.net email. So now I'm still the whole dollar. You're like, oh crap, I'm still the whole dollar. Okay. This business is not very good. I'm going to be broke before I know it. Right. But then the second day you send out a second email, maybe this email, you're like, Hey, I wrote this really cool book. You know, there's an ebook version of something for 10 bucks. Go check it out over here. Or maybe you don't have a product yet, but you're like, Oh my gosh, I love Russell Brunson's product or whatever product. Right. And you're an affiliate for somebody in this email here. You're like, Hey, this is something I think you're really going to like. It's one of my favorite products because of this you should buy it. If you buy them to give you a really cool bonus where I interviewed the author, I'll send you for free. If you buy through my affiliate link, whatever it is, we send the email out. And not everybody buys, but a percentage buys. Right. Okay. So say on that one, from all people come through average 30 cents per email on this one. So now like no longer my dollar in the whole, I'm only 70 cents in the home. Right. The email number three, maybe I'm trying to build more relationship. I send them to a webinar. I haven't come on a live training on Facebook live, whatever it is. I don't make any money on this one. That's okay. I'm building a relationship. And maybe even number four, I promote something that's like my webinar, a bigger offer, maybe I average 70 cents per person here. And then guess what happened? I made 30 cents here. I made 70 cents here right now. I'm at break even and four days into my sequence, I'm at break even. And now what happens? Everything that happens from this point forward with that relationship with this human being is pure profit. Anything that ever buy today, tomorrow, the next day, like is 100% pure profit. I want to pay Zuckerberg, I want to pay Google, I want to pay anybody. Like that is pure profit. Okay. So what so many of us do is we get the thing of like, I spent a dollar for this leader, $3 for this leader, I'm going to be broke. It's like, no, when you build a follow up funnel, I'm going to talk about it in a minute, you build a follow up funnel that's right. You just know, like, hey, on average about, about day eight, I break even. Okay. If you know that going into this, like, cool, I'm just going to buy ads day, we break even this pure profit after that. Okay. And as long as I build that relationship, if I average a dollar per month, that's good. If I build a relationship, I average $3 per month, it gets better. Right. So think about this from an investing standpoint, right? Let's say, let's say you're spending three bucks to get a lead, right? You're like, oh, that's so expensive. But you're averaging a dollar per month per lead, right? So month one, you make a dollar, cost you $3 a month, two, you make a dollar, it costs you $3 a month, three, but make a dollar, and it costs you, now you're breaking even every month that's, is again, pure profit. Okay. Or let's say it costs you, you make it costs you $3 for lead, but then you build a relationship really well, you have a really good offer, whatever, you make $3. You know, month one, you break even everything, that's pure profit. Okay. So when you guys just thinking about that, like, like this, this process, the follow up funnel and the funnels and things you, you offer them will liquidate them, they become free. Okay. Um, I'm paying Zuckerberg and Google, I place this for leads, but those leads become free to me because of the process. That makes sense. That's the biggest thing. So you understand that, hey, I break even on my leads by day three or by day 12 or by day 30, whatever it is, then you start scaling your company. Cause you know, man, day 30, I'm breaking even. This is all just pure profit. I've had some clients, um, that, um, that have more, uh, they're braver than me. Um, I had one, um, their company does, you know, $70, $80 million a year that brought me into do consulting with them. And, um, they're, they're cyclers long. It takes them six months, six months on the break even after six months, everything's pure profit. So they dump so much money and they just know, Hey, for six months and cost us, cost us, boom, boom, boom, boom. And then boom and everything else profit. Now for most of us, we don't have the ability to like float money for six months. And I understand that. That's why all this funnel stuff is so important. Right. Like if you create a really good funnel where it's like step one, they opt in step two, it's like, Hey, kind of like this, I'm going to go back one slide. Kind of this, right? So let's say Brian spends a dollar 50 lead here, right? Boom, dollar 50 lead, they come here, they, everyone clicks here. And they see, he gets one out of 10 people to buy this. And this is like, I don't even know what it is, like a $20 product, right? And this funnel, it's a one out of 10 buy it. Now, like all these leads are free. So this funnel is all free. So he breaks even immediately day number one. Okay. So he's all in my back day one. Now everything's pure profit from like moving forward for the rest of time. Okay. Inside our office, we try to break even on day one. Like that's always my goal. Sometimes it's day three, sometimes day five. Like I like to break into a day one by having our funnel structure this way. Okay. So long term, this is the goal is when you have products to sell and things like that, as you opt him in, you give them the thing and you push them to funnel. This funnel, we call the self liquidating offer. That offer should liquidate the cost of leads. Now the lead begins for free. And then it's just, now it's magic. Okay. Let me go forward now. Okay. So that's some of the marketing math. So hopefully those get, get those numbers in your head. The biggest ones to think about is like, if I do this wrong, it's $1 per month, per lead. If I do it right, it could be three, five, $10 per month per lead. When that becomes the game, there's just like, how do I get more leads? How do I get more leads? Right? Like that's what you should be focusing on as you're trying to grow your company. Um, when I started getting this, I was just like, kid, that's, that's everything for me. Like if someone asks me, we want for Christmas, I want a thousand leads. You're right. It's funny because look at how much money people invest in real estate. Imagine you go, you buy a house, right? And so you put in a hundred thousand dollars in this house and your goal from a hundred thousand dollars house is to cash for like 500 bucks a month. Right. Like people that all day long in real estate, which is great. I guess I can't buy real estate cause I'm like, I can take that hundred thousand dollars. I can get a hundred thousand leads, which averaged me a dollar per month. Like that's 1.2 million dollars. Like that's a hundred thousand dollars a month return, not $200 a month or $500 a month on the rent. Right. Like it's hard. So hard for me to justify real estate because I look at that. I'm like leads are worth way more. I spent the same amount of money I would have spent on a house, on leads who now pay me every single month. It's, it's just a better deal. Right. So I start looking at this as an investment like that. It'll change your whole perspective on everything. Okay. Next phase. We're talking about our action edX follow up funnel. So action is the tool inside of click funnels that has, that creates what we call follow up funnels. Okay. And so most of you guys just point kind of what a funnel is, right? If you look at click funnels, click funds builds funnels. Right. So here's, here's my funnel. So step one is the opt-in where I give away the black box. Right. So there's step one. We give away this and then step two in the funnel, we give away this. Okay. That is a sales funnel. If you've probably seen this doodle for me before, like this was sales funnels. You're bringing somebody through a funnel. That's what it is. All these traffic comes here. Percentage come here, give me email address and percentage drop down here to the, to the thing. Right. That's what a, that's what a funnel is. And so what's interesting is if you look at cyclic funnels, it's like step one is all in traffic and then people progress to the second phase or bringing them through this, this funnel right here. Okay. So that's how a funnel works. Now a follow up funnel works to the exact same way. People get confused for some reason, but it's literally the same thing. If this makes sense to you, page one is this, page two is this, page one is page two, like this is the funnel we're taking someone through. A follow up funnel is the same. Okay. In fact, it looks the same. We designed it to look the same. This is the follow up funnel. Someone comes through when they join your list. Okay. So somebody comes here to the marketing secrets black book. They give me the email address. They click get access. Now, boom, they're added right here to the very first message on my list. Okay. If you look at this right here, these are all different messages going out. Okay. And some can be email, text, there's a lot of messages that, that, um, click phones can send out for you, but this is what a follow up funnel is. Okay. So if you look at this, like date, like immediately send them an email thanking them for, um, for opting in for the black box and send them a link to the, to the black box. They can download it. Okay. And then can say like two days later, send them a text message, right? Or send them a secondary email or send them, um, a desktop notification. And we'll get deeper in this year in a minute, but like, I just set up the funnel. I want to take them through. Okay. What, when they get first, when they get second, when they get third, fourth, fifth, sixth, and that's what a follow up funnel is. Right. Okay. So these are different messages you're sending this person, right? So it's message one, two, three. You know, the goal with this is we're sending messages to this human, this customer, this person that we just paid to get on our list. Right. As we, as we sending a message is our goal, like I said before, to build a relationship. So that's what this action says is for everyone of your customers, it shows you all the information about them. Like here's the person, I just show you their social media, like how many people follow him on Facebook and Instagram and all these kinds of things that pulls in all their data here. And it creates what we call an action score. Now the action score is how valuable this customer is to you. Can I can tell the people in ClickFonts are killing because their action scores, their customers are way higher than people who are struggling. Okay. So this is the action scores right here. This is how valuable your lead is to you. Okay. I'm going to blow this up a little bit so you can see it. Um, there's basically these four bands on here and the bands stand for recency, frequency, monetary value, and social. Okay. So the higher quality lead, uh, the, the, the score of your leads, basically, so recently, like how often have they interacted with you? Are they opening up your emails? Are they buying stuff all the time? Like how recently have they, have they listened to you? Okay. If they haven't opened an email from you in like seven months, then the recency score goes down and the action score goes down. One of these little circles is recency. Second is frequency. How often are they buying from you to buy something once a year, once a month, once a week, once a day, the more frequently they buy from you, the, the higher their score goes up, monetary values, how much do they spend? The person spends like a dollar with you versus person spend $50,000 with you. They're worth more. So that's your monetary value and the last is your social score. If somebody gives you their social media ad email address, they're worth 80 times more than somebody who just gives you like a throwaway, throwaway email address. Okay. Think about this. What's your Facebook email address? You check that one. Okay. If you, if you go to some of his lead page, uh, lead funnel and you put in their email at your Facebook email address, you're worth 80 times more of that person than if you go type in your hotmail address, just kind of a throwaway loan. Right. And so what happens when someone comes in and click funnels and checks that, like, is this a social media address that pings Facebook's like, yes, this is cool. It increased their score. And it's like, and it starts tracking and watching all these kinds of things. Okay. So inside action next, you'll see like, this is your action. Score says how well your, your, your customers, your list is, is, uh, um, like how well you're serving them, how well they're interacting with you. Okay. So that's kind of what, what the action score is RFMS. All right. Um, now inside action next is a whole bunch of really cool things you can do. Okay. So that's what these things are. You can send emails, you can send text messages, you can do social messages like hidden through Facebook messenger, things like that. You can do desktop pushes. You can do retargeting. So the fall funnels, not just email emails, the core of most people's fall funnels, but there's a whole bunch of other ways you can interact with people. That's what we call them. Follow up funnels is how all the different ways you want to, you want to fall up somebody. Okay. Now, for example, when somebody comes here to this, um, to this landing page, they come here and I get their email address, but just check out this little thing right here underneath it. It says, Hey, do you want to also subscribe to messenger? And they click yes on this. Then I get their email address and I get them on Facebook. Now I have two lists. I can email them and I can hit them on Facebook messenger. It was interesting right now. Click funnels wide all 75,000 plus customers, 34% of the people who add email and also Facebook messenger, 34% of people will check that box. So that means one out of three people were, this will say you get, um, a thousand people on email. That means 340 are all going to join your messenger list. And why is that important? Messenger list right now have three to five times higher, um, open rate than email. Okay. So every single person on your messenger list were three times more to you, three to five times more to you than just an email address. So if you look at any of our lead phones now, we're not just getting email. We're getting email and Facebook. Now I've got two different ways to communicate with them, right? Cause maybe your email goes in their junk folder and never see it, but if you hit them through Facebook messenger, it's going to bling on their phone. It's going to hit everywhere and like they're more responsive. So we get both of them. Okay. This is another one. When the other types of, uh, ways you can follow people and follow up funnels is called desktop push notifications. You've seen these before where you hit something and seeing pop sounds like show notifications. You say allow, then you can actually push notifications into their browser. So we do is on the thank you page of all of our funnels after they opt after give us an email address on the thank you page of our lead funnels. We have this thing right here. If they say allow right now, about 20% of people who hit there, allow it. Now I can also not have a third list. I have the email list. I have a Facebook messages. I'm a desktop list. So I can send them a message that hits directly on the desktop and pops down. Okay. So you see how this works. They all these things kind of layer. Okay. You know the value of the list now, but now you have, I've got them in multiple places. I can communicate the multiple different ways. It increases the value of that, that list more and more you do it. Okay. So some of the best practices again, you get them to opt into the email. You have them also at Facebook messenger, then you add a desktop notification. I've got three lists instead of one. That customer becomes way more value. You can communicate with more different ways because of it. Okay. And there's other things as well. Um, I'm not going to go too deep into, but there's email, Facebook desktop. We have retargeting messengers. So inside your followup funnel, you say, if they hit this page, you know, go to Facebook and had them on this, on this retargeting list or take them, take them off this retargeting list and move them over to this one. And there's a whole bunch of complicated things. I'm not going to go too deep into because outside of the context of this, but just know that followup funnels allow you to do all sorts of stuff. It's not just emails. Send this email, then this text and then this thing and this thing. And you can cut, you can come. You can customize really powerful funnels to help increase the value of each of your customers to you. Okay. All right. So that's kind of what followup funnels are inside action addicts. Um, we call this multi-dimensional marketing because you're not just hitting email, you're hitting multiple different, um, different ways to communicate with them. Okay. All right. The next phase of this, now we're going to talk about how to quickly create lead magnets. Okay. Some of you guys are like, you understand, like, okay, I need a list. I see how it works. Atlas comes in. I know how to follow up with them, but like, how do I, how do I create the lead magnet? Right? Like, how do I get the people to come in? And for some of you guys, this is your first time doing it. It's scary. It's like, I don't even know how to create something. Right. I'm a chiropractor. I'm going to create a lead magnet or I'm a dentist or I'm a whatever. Right. It's a whole new thing, but it's really simple and really easy when you understand it. Okay. Um, so my first question for you is like, what do you have that could actually create a lead magnet? Okay. Again, this is right here. We showed you earlier, Brendan, we show you just one piece of paper. This is a productivity guide that I give to CEOs and entrepreneurs. Right. That's what it is. So what do you have? Do you have any kind of like, um, any kind of report you've ever written? Could you write a report? Do you have new white papers? You have a free video because you put your iPhone and do a video on something. Can you give a coupon away? I see tons of landing pages and lead funnels and just give away coupons to a restaurant or coupons from different things like that. Okay. Or access something. Awesome. Okay. Now the fastest way to create something really quickly is through information products. Okay. If you've studied with me for a while, you probably know I'm big on info products. I love them. The fastest kind of product to create. Um, but for those who haven't done that before and never done it, it may be scary. So I'm going to walk you through, um, how to create, um, lead magnets from info products. Now a couple of things before I dive into this, um, as I was preparing this presentation, uh, one of my favorite humans on earth, Myron golden, he messaged me and he's like, Hey, um, when I create my lead magnets, there's a couple of tips I think you should share with people because it's so powerful. And, uh, if you ever study NLP, this is a big part of NLP, right? Like people either move towards pleasure or away from pain. Okay. They move towards pleasure or away from pain. And usually people make the majority of their primary decisions based on one of those. So I want you to think about yourself for a second. Like you make most of your decisions trying to move towards pleasure. Like I want to get a six pack abs. They look amazing. I want to, I want to get rich so I can like fire my boss and I can like buy a huge mansion or do you make your decision moving away from pain? Like, uh, I just, I hate my job. I want to get out of here. If I can make money, I can leave my job and get out of pain or I just want to eat healthier cause I'm just tired. I hate people making fun of me. I feel sick. Right. And, um, the majority of humans on this planet, by the way, make their decisions moving away from pain. Typically entrepreneurs make their decisions moving towards pleasure. So the big mistakes that we make as entrepreneurs is like, oh, everyone wants to make more pleasure. We'll make these lead magnets that don't actually speak to the majority of people. So what my, I said, his biggest, biggest tip, biggest takeaways, you make lead magnets that folks are how to get people out of pain. That's the most powerful ways to bring people in. Okay. Uh, a couple of examples. Like you can make, you can make a lead magnet. It's like, Hey, the seven biggest mistakes that real estate agents make and how you can overcome those blah or the seven biggest, uh, mistakes that people make the first time they try to lose weight or whatever, right? Or eight things that people do wrong, uh, things like that. Okay. And then what's cool is you can take those eight things or the seven things or seven, whatever those things are, right? A little outline and then grab your iPhone and just teach those things. And there's your lead magnet. It's the video you just made going through the eight different things or the seven different mistakes or the problems that people have in your market. And that's your lead magnet. You can create that in 15 minutes from now. You just outline it, record it. Boom. You've got to leave magnet that fast. Does that make sense? Um, this is a, and the Meyer told me, he said that the biggest, the way he built his list initially, he's like, cause I, I put down, um, the 12 biggest mistakes network marketers make, then he wrote an outline, the set of video where he just record himself going through the 12 mistakes. And that was his very first lead magnet that built him lists of hundreds of thousands of people. Okay. And, uh, it was pretty cool. And then what was cool is that after they went through the lead magnet, they go through like, here's the 12 biggest mistakes. Then he used that to push them into his funnel where you sell them. So I'm going to say, okay, if you want to learn how to cure these mistakes, then register for my webinar. They come on the webinar and now he has a chance to actually sell them something. Kids hopefully gives you some light bulbs to your head of like, oh my gosh, lead magnet can be super simple. Let me show you seven ways to help your kids. Uh, you know, the seven mistakes that parents are doing, um, that the feed their kids where they think their kids are healthy, but they're actually making them fat. Like wait, what? Oh crap. What is that? You opt in, you give them the, you become a lead and it's like, okay, here's the seven things you're like, Oh my gosh, I thought until it was actually healthy. No, it's not. That's pure sugar. Right. And you're like, ah, this whole time I've been giving my kids to tell on everything. And then they, they receive value from that. You show them mistakes. Like you want to find out the 12, you know, the three best things or whatever it is, um, that you can switch to your kids, register for my web class. Now I'll show you, boom, now in your funnel, they sell them your parent kid, coaching, food thing or whatever it is you got. Okay. All right. So hopefully that kind of registered your head, start thinking through ideas of, of that, but it's a really powerful, easy way is just come up with things that bring people out of pain, make a list of three, seven, 10, 12, whatever it is, record yourself going through those things and boom, you got it fast. Okay. So I want to give that tip from my, I thought it was really powerful and awesome. It was inside that frame. I'm going to go through nine, the nine fastest ways to create a lead magnet. Okay. And, um, I just want to pause for effect because I think this graphics amazing. It's lead magazine that pulls you into, into your world onto your list so you can serve them. Okay. All right. So I'm going to walk you through, um, fast ways to create info products after any book and we'll go, um, three different phases. Number one is like the written word, like written things. Number two is audio and number three is video. Okay. So I'm going to give you three ideas on each of those, but all of these things, just things you can do very, very quickly. Okay. So number one, we're going to go to is written. Okay. Now, some of you guys like, that's cool, but I don't want to write a book or a report or whatever that's stressful and hard and it is right. So I'm going to show you guys ways you can get books written fast. I actually have to write anything. Okay. Um, have you guys ever heard the book chicken soup for the soul? Okay. Chicken soup for the souls written by, uh, Mark Victor, Hanson and Jack Canfield. And guess what? They did not write a word of these books outside of the title. Um, what they did is they got a whole bunch of people who had a story. They can buy in the stories and do a book and that became a book that sold hundreds of millions of copies. Um, in fact, if you look at this, um, they've rebranded, I think I have like a hundred to 200 or so different chicken soup for the souls. Like, Hey, chicken soup for the horse lover souls. You guys love horses, right? An article plugging together. Boom. Now we got a book. Oh, you guys are dentists chicken soup for the dentist soul. Chicken soup for the wrestler soul chicken soup for the marketer. So like every known market, known to man, they made a chicken soup book and they didn't have to write any of them. They just found, you know, 20 people who had a story and they combined it. Cause somebody hasn't seen my product for 30 days, right? This book is, um, one of my best selling products that were created. And I remember I had at my house and my kids like, dad, you're another book. I'm like, well, kind of like, what do you mean? Kind of like, well, I wrote the title, but then the book, um, was just written by 30 people each row of chapter and I just combined it and my son bone was like, daddy, is that cheating? I'm like, no, no, no, it's not cheating. It's just a really fast, very creative full products. Okay. So think about what's something that would be a lead magnet to get your people in. Maybe it's like, Hey, I found seven people who are all experts on the ketogenic diet or whatever it is, right? Have an each read chapter about the ketogenic diet. You can buy onto a book and boom. Now you've got a report. You can wait for free to get people into your funnel. Now you can sell them ketogenic diet products, things like that in the back end. Okay. And I'm sure some of you guys like, Russell, I don't sell ketogenic diet. So it doesn't work for me. Okay. This is where you got to use your brain. Okay. You don't sell ketogenic diet. What do you sell your dentist would a dentist serve? They, they help people with their teeth. Right. Okay. What could you do to help people with their teeth? Right. There are other dentists or there are different experts that are specialists. Like what is the thing you can compile? You can get people to all, um, to, um, to combine and, and, uh, contribute like a chapter or a book and you can put it together really quickly. Okay. Right. So crowdsource books. Um, number two is compiling examples. Right. Um, some of my best fun books are just compiling examples. This was, I found 108 split tests. We ran, I compiled them all in the book and boom, they became book. Next one is that we have a monthly newsletter we sell. It's just every month I find two funnels. I like a funnel hack them. I put the pictures in there and I do that. Okay. We have another thing we did, uh, fun like you live or 74 funnels swipe file. We use this, uh, to raise over a million dollars for a charity. We love all we do is we combine 74 funnels, put them in a book and that became the thing. Guess what this presentation is right now, by the way, this presentation right now is me doing this. I compile the 106 lead funnel examples and I'm showing them to you and I will be selling them to you. Okay. Like that's, that's it. Actually, if you were watching this, you already bought them. So congratulations. I hope you're enjoying this, but all I did is I compiled a whole bunch of examples, gave some training around it and boom, now I've got a product that fast. Okay. And I'm going to show you some examples here when we go through the hundred six different examples of people that just literally do that. Here's a hundred and five. Here's a hundred of my favorite Facebook ads, opting to get them all in like, they built huge lists based on that. Uh, next last written one, we're talking about public domain. Public domain is basically, um, things that were written pre 1923 United States where the copyrights expired. So you can just grab them, slap your label on and publish them as your own. Okay. Was a red book thinking, go rich thinking, or rich, for example, was published before 1923. So you can go take that. Sure. By Napoleon Hill, you can take it. You can, um, you can rebrand it. So say it's thinking, go rich for internet marketers, thinking, or rich for dentists, thinking or rich for whatever you add a chapter of yourself. Like here's how all these things relate back to dentists and boom, that fascia of thinking, rich for dentists. Okay. And you're like, I can't do that. Russell, no, you literally can. According to the law, you're able to, because it was written published before 1923, and you can make a derivative work out of that. And gross, that seems shady. Okay. Well, then Walt Disney seems shady. He literally, all he's ever done is he finds the stories in the public domain and then he turns them into movies. He makes derivative works and he pays nobody royalties licenses because they're all in the public domain. You've heard of, um, frozen. This is from a little story called, uh, the snow princess that was in the public domain. You've heard of a little mermaid. Like every one of those movies, Beauty and the Beast in the public domain. Like he took a thing in public domain. Okay. Because copyrights expired. He made a derivative work and he was able to sell it. Same thing for you. Okay. And there's tons of things in the public domain in every market. You can dream up. Okay. Um, this is one of my friends, Matt Fury. He went and found, um, uh, this old wrestling book from 1914 by a guy named farmer burns. He took the book, republished it and made millions of dollars selling the book. Okay. Now, the fastest ways to find public domain number one is you go to Gutenberg.org. Um, Gutenberg.org, they're literally a site that, um, they have this mission or basically they just try to find public domain books and publish them for free. They're all ebook formats. There's 58,000 ebooks on there for free. You go to Gutenberg.org and just search for something that seems amazing. Look at it and you can take it and you can use it as a lead magnet that fast. Okay. My favorite thing to do is I go to eBay and eBay, when you search, um, for nonfiction books, you could actually select years. So I select years pre night, you know, before 1923 and then you can find books in the public domain and there's companies you can take, they'll scan the books and determine the ebook for you and boom, now you got something that quick as well. Okay. So that's three fast ways to create a written info product, crowdsourcing books, compiling examples or the public domain. Okay. Um, now a couple of things I want to teach you before I move on to audio and video. Um, whenever you're trying to get somebody to opt in, right? And it become a lead. If they're not, cause they don't see the value in the thing. So maybe like you write an article and it's like, nobody's, nobody's trading it. Right. So like, how do you increase the value? So we understand you get increased the value of a product by packaging it in a different way. Okay. My favorite example is a book thinking growth shock, talk about earlier. So I remember when I first started going to marketing events, everyone would talk about this book and like, Hey, if you read, think about rich. I'm like, I never even heard of it. So I went to Amazon. I bought it was $9.97. I bought the book and I had it. I'm like, I'm going to read thinking girl rich. I sent it on my shelf next to my bed and it sat there for a month. And then I went to another marketing event and like three people were saying like, if you're thinking girl rich, you need to read thinking girl rich. I'm like, Oh, I got on my bookshelf. I'm going to, I'm going to read it. When back home, looked at it and went to bed, didn't read it. Right. And then a couple months later, another event, same thing happened for almost a year. And finally at one event, so I was like, this is embarrassing. Like I'm not doing what I'm supposed to be doing. I just don't like to read as much. I say, I wonder if there's an audio book and this is pretty audible. This is, this is a 15 years ago now. So it was eBay because eBay is my favorite site. When it's eBay, I type thinking girl rich and somebody was selling the CD course of thinking girl rich. Okay. Because it's in the public domain. They just took it, read it and boom, became a CD course. They were selling this for $97. I was so excited. I bought it on eBay. It got shipped to me on CDs. I plugged it in my car and over the next like week and a half, I listened to the book, thinking girl rich. I consumed the information and I got value from it. Now what's interesting is that this thing can grow rich on Amazon's $9.97. Over here, it's $97. Is there a difference between this and this? No, they are the exact same product. There's nothing different word for word. The same, the different is that they increase the value because they packaged it differently. Okay. So as we understand, like sometimes you can do things really simply to increase the values, maybe take thinking girl rich, you record it and then the end of it, you, you know, tell your dental stories, how it relates to dentistry and boom, you've got it. Um, now, or but you give away the ebook for free and then record, just record yourself talking about how everything girl rich is, how it applies to dentistry. Boom. Now you've got a really good offer. You get a book thing, girl rich, plus my audio commentary and how this actually relates back to you specifically. Boom. That is a sexy offer. In fact, I could do that right now for my funnel hackers. Think girl rich or funnel hackers. I'm going to do it. It's going to be amazing. All right. Okay. So I want to, I want to give you that frame is moving from audio or excuse me, from text to audio to video. Okay. So now we're moving to audio. So the first way to make audio fast is this. Okay. This is literally my very first audio books ever put out. I found the life worker farmer burns on eBay. It was written in like 1914, which is pre-23. I gave it to my father-in-law who's got an amazing radio voice. He went down the radio station. He read the entire book I put on season and became one of my very first products ever sold. Okay. I could easily give away the audio book to the life worker farmer burns as in a lead funnel and start building a funnel very quickly. Okay. It's making audio books. Very easy. Uh, number two, interviewing other people. Okay. This is a book called the 12 month millionaire. I remember reading this book and it's about a guy who made a hundred million dollars in 23 months selling supplements through direct mail. I was like, that dude's awesome. And, uh, and I was like, he'll never talk to me though. Cause like I'm this little dorky college kid who doesn't know I'm talking about, but I was like, maybe he will. So I email him. I'm like, Hey Vince, um, dude, your book's amazing. I was like, can I interview you? Cause this is really good stuff. And I have some questions here. It's back. Sure, man. When do you want to do it? I'm like, how about Saturday? So we jump on Saturday. He let me for three hours to interview him. And the time we got done, he's like, he's like, any more questions? I'm like, yeah, he's like, well, I gotta go. But how about you do this next Saturday? You can ask me some more questions. I'm like, are you serious? So come back next Saturday for three more hours. I had six hours interviewing this dude. I made a hundred million dollars on the concepts I learned in his book. I interviewed him and he's like, cool, you can have the audios. Like he's sending me a copy to you. Maybe I'll sell them, you know, to my list, but whatever you can just keep them. If you want to do whatever you want with them. I'm like, yes. And so I took those audios a year later. I was struggling trying to figure out how to get people to buy my stuff. And this was actually the very first funnel I ever made. They hit two common club was this product and it was the six interviews with Vince James. Okay. So in your market, who's written books in your market? Could you call them and interview them? Could that become your lead magnet on your lead funnel? So simple, so easy. Okay. That's one of the fastest ways to create products and get something, get a really powerful lead magnet. All right. And in fact, for most of my products, these are different products I've done, right? Just interview people who are experts. Like I get easily to like lead funnel. It's like, hey, do I want to learn trial clothes? I interviewed the guy I learned trial clothes from. Give me email address and I'll give you this audio. Boom. Like all these can become lead magnets so fast. Okay. All right. And then the last audio one is just, um, is, is finding things for people. Right. If I was to come to you and say, Hey, I listened to this podcast interview by, um, I'm one of my favorite authors and in the, in the podcast interview, you talked about blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, and it was amazing. And you're like, that's amazing. Like what episode is it? And I'm like, Oh, I don't know. Let me go find it. And I'm like, I, he's done like 700 podcast episodes. I shoot me an email address and then when I find it, I'll shoot you the link to what, what episode it is. Like, Oh, thank you. Thank you. Thank you for compiling and finding the right one for me. So I have to go through all that headache of listening to 700 episodes. Can you do the same things? Like have a landing page for your lead file. It's just like, Hey, uh, of all of Gary Vaynerchuk's things, only one, uh, one, the YouTube video, one podcast episode that meant it changed everything for me. If you give me an email address, I'll shoot you a link, direct link to that. A podcast episode that you can listen to because if you're struggling, like I was, this will change everything for you. Boom. I made a lead magnet off of somebody else's free content. Okay. I've done enough blog posts before. I've been off YouTube videos and off tons of things. It's super easy. Just you're, you're the one out there who's like compiling things for people. You're finding stuff that's amazing and that can become a lead funnel. Okay. Like literally that one takes five seconds. It's so easy. In fact, all of you guys should make lead funnels with my best podcast episode that meant the most to you and then give it away and then sell people click funnels on the back end in your fall out funnel. Anyway, you could, you should. All right. Okay. So we're talking about audio books, interview now there's impiling hard to find audio. So that's went from text first to video to audio. And I'm going to go through video next. Okay. So here's video. All right. So video is super easy. If you can create an outline or PowerPoint slide or whatever, you basically record it, you create it and then you record it. If you are on a PC, see, can't age is amazing. If you're on Mac, the screen flows amazing, but basically you just create a presentation, you plug in a microphone, you click, record and record this on your screen and you use talk yourself going through the presentation. Okay. I'd say the first probably eight years of my business, all I did was create screen capture videos. That's how I did everything. Every single product I created was just that and make an outline. In fact, if you look at this, I don't know if you see this picture very well. This is the very first funnel hacks training course that literally we sold over $10 million with before we re-updated the training. On left-hand side, there's a word doc with an outline and what I want to talk about. And the right-hand side is an example. And then I would just talk and I showed example and talk. It was the most ghetto thing we made $10 million with it. Okay. You can easily make lead magnet like do a Myron said, like, here's the seven biggest mistakes that network marketers make, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And then go through it, make a video and just record yourself doing it. And now the perceived value of videos higher than audio and higher than text. So now you got a video. Get it. You know, give me your email address for free video about blah. Very powerful. Okay. Number two is your iPhone. How many of us have an iPhone or some other type of smartphone? Every one of these nice smartphones have a little buttons as record. Okay. You can literally same thing. You pull out your phone, click record and just talk into it. That can become a lead magnet. Okay. Um, anyway, I have a friend who, uh, um, Rachel Peterson, who just created a whole like expensive course all done on our iPhone. Just talking to the camera. Can you use the same thing for lead magnets? Just super easy. Click record. Boom. You got it that fast and easy. And last one is throw a workshop. Okay. A lot of times you're going to sell these things on second, you know, second parts of your funnel, but if you look at the last funnel hacking live, you'll notice something interesting. Um, it was a three and a half day event and the very first presentation, my keynote presentation, I streamed it live online for everyone to see for free. Why did I do that? Cause everyone who saw it was freaking out like, oh my gosh, this is so much better than I thought. And then I cut it off and like, oh, I have foam. I fear missing out. Like what else is happening? A funnel hacking live. And they don't know. And then I'm like, Hey, you should buy tickets for next year because you're missing out on this year. And they're flipping out. We sold over a thousand tickets to people before fun. I can lie even ended. Okay. Because of FOMO. So imagine you create a whole, you do a workshop, train a bunch of people on whatever it is you're trying to see, you know, whatever your product is. And then take the very first presentation. So here, if you want to watch the first hour of this presentation, often here, I'll give you the first hour of my $2,000 course. They watch that and they get all this FOMO of like, Oh my gosh, like that was amazing. Imagine what's in the course. It's easy people. The next step. Okay. So this, this is not just creating lead magnets, creating products, but pulling pieces out to become lead magnets. And that is kind of the power with it. Okay. All right. So we'll walk through the video, screen captures iPhone, how to use the workshops. So fast way. So that's nine different ways. Okay. If you go from audio and crowdsource books, compile examples, public domain, audio books, interview and others, compiling hard to find the interviews, screen capture, iPhones and workshops, whole bunch of ways to create info products very, very fast. Um, that'll be like it's like.