Hey everyone, this is Russell again. Welcome to day number eight. That's day we're going to talk about starting your very own soap opera, which I'm sure most of you guys are super excited about. But what I mean by that is not so much writing on soap opera, but we're going to be introducing a soap opera with your audience and the attractive character. Okay. And the first time I learned this concept, I learned it from a guy named Andre Chaperone. He's got a really good product called Autoresponse Madness, which I recommend. He goes into a lot more detail and shows tons of examples of this in action that you can model. But the the core overall philosophy is not too difficult to understand. And I want to show you guys how to implement this because if you do it the right way, it will make this attractive character stuff we talked about yesterday actually makes sense. So when somebody comes in and they join, they fill out your squeeze page, then they start getting your emails. It'll instantly bond that person with the attractive character. Okay. Cause typically what's going to happen is the first email that they get, they're going to read. And if you leave something memorable with them, something that's exciting, something that I kind of hooks them, then guess what? They're going to suddenly open email number two because they want to find out what's happening next and what's happening next. Whereas if your first email is boring, you completely lost that person and they're never coming back. Okay. And so these first few emails is our goal with that is to introduce the attractive character and to hook them into your stories as quick as possible. Okay. So I'm going to kind of walk you through this. Basically you can do these, you can do the soap opera sequence over a lot longer period of time. You can do over five emails or 10 emails. I've seen people do it over like 30 or 40 emails, but the reality is I think that you can do a very good job in just three emails. So I'm going to show you guys kind of how to do that. And then after we've written these soap opera sequences, then you're going to be able to go back and plug them back into your auto responder that we set up on day number six. Okay. So that's kind of game plan right now. So basically I'm going to show you first off, there's my awesome comic I found about soap operas. I hope it makes you laugh just a little bit. All right. Now I'm going to do is basically in this process again, my goal is somebody's income, they're going to fill out my squeeze page, right? Put the name of the email address in, they click submit and now they're usually taking something right here that I'm going to be selling them, right? Some kind of sales video or sales letter or webinar or something that I'm going to try to make some money from. But simultaneously at the same time, they're being added to this email auto responder sequence. And so they're getting an email right here, it's going to tell them something. An email right here, it's going to tell them something. And then email right here, it's going to tell them something. Now the goal of these three emails again is to introduce them to the attractive character and to get them interested and engaged in your story, but also is to push people back here to this primary offer. Okay. So that's kind of one of the sub goals. So I'm going to do is somebody stopped in, they saw this thing that I got introduced to it. Now I'm going to get this email sent to them. Now my very first email, the goal of this very first email is to, I'm going to write these right here, HD, high drama. Okay. Your first email, it needs to start your story at the peak of high drama. I learned this originally from my friends and business partners and mentors, his name is Dagen Smith and he really spent like a whole almost like two year studying storytelling and he introduced me some amazing storytellers, read some amazing books and one of the big takeaways I got from him after kind of learning all this stuff was you always want to start a story at the point of high drama. He says, if you start a story boring, guess what? People aren't going to listen very long, right? So you got to find the peak of high drama and that's where you start the story. Okay. So I was thinking about different movies and one of the movies that pops out to me, because remember watching this when I was younger, this movie called Cliffhanger, Sylvester Stallone. If you remember this movie, if you saw it, it starts, the movie starts where they're basically these guys that have over a big huge canyon, they have a big huge like zip line across the top and they go out there and they're going across this zip line trying to get to the side of the canyon and they're all on this thing. Also, one of the girls, her harness sort of breaks and it starts falling and they try to capture and they grab her hand and they're fighting to hold her on and this whole intense scene is going on for about a minute or two and all of a sudden she slips out of her hands and she falls to her death. And I remember watching that when I was younger and my hands were sweating, I was like freaked out and that scene kind of ends and then boom, it starts the next scene and you're just like, what in the world just happened and you're so sucked into it now because they started at a point of high drama. Okay. You know those movies you watch and it takes a while to get into and if you're watching at home, you just sort of turned it off or you're sitting in the movie theater and eventually gets good. Okay. I'm not talking about that kind of thing. You're walking the theater, the first thing happens when you're done, you're like, wow, what in the world just happened? Okay. So the first email, you got to figure out your story. You remember we talked about your backstory? What point of this backstory is the point of high drama? The part that's most exciting, the most interesting, that's going to grab people and just suck them in very, very quickly. I found this email from one of my friends, his name is Greg Davis and this was his soap opera sequence and I was wanting you to, I want to read to you guys day number one of his email and tell me if this doesn't, just doesn't evoke some emotion. Okay. The point of high drama. So email subject line was betrayal the day I hurt my wife. Okay. Just isn't that just first off like that subject line or you're like, wow, what just happened? And here's the email. My wife was looking at me with tears streaming down her face. I had never seen her this hurt, this angry. How could you do this to me? She screamed as she waved the evidence in my face. There was a huge lump in my throat. There's nothing I could say. We had gone through our shares ups and downs in our marriage, but I never seen her so hurt and so angry. The evidence was a city bank credit card statement. I knew that if she saw, saw it was game over. So I had to be, so I had to be rate. I had been racing to the mailbox every day to get to the bill before she did. But on the way, but on this day, she beat me to the mailbox. And of all days, this was the day when the bill came. Dang. When I walked the door and saw the open city banks envelope on my table, my heart sank. She had seen it. She knew the secret had been desperately trying to keep for almost two months. I trusted you. She said softly as she walked, walked into the room and you be trading me. You be trading my trust. How could you do this to me? Her voice started getting louder. She was shaking. How could you do this to me? I dreaded her finding out and knew that she would be very upset. But I never thought it would hit her this hard. No, I didn't cheat on her, at least not in the adulterous sense. In my desperation to make money online, I intercepted and I had intercepted a new credit card sent to my wife. The card at $25,000 limit in less than two months. I maxed it out buying traffic. I already maxed out all my other cards trying to make AdWords work. I knew that if I asked her, she would have said no. I worked for a huge financial services company. Don't you know they check your credit? She was yelling now. I have to maintain good credit to maintain my job. We don't have the money to pay this. I had the best intentions. I knew that if I stuck in an internet market, I'd make my family financially free. Anyway, I'm not going to keep reading, but you see how this is the point of emotional drama? Walking in and seeing your wife tears down her face. When you tell a story, don't start with, hey, so I found this credit card statement for my wife. I hid it and I started going and buying AdWords. After two or three months, I maxed out the credit cards. Then one day I came home and boom, my wife was there with tears. That's the place of hydroma. You start with that. You start that part of your story and then you go back through and you tell the rest of the story. Again, I'm not going to read the whole thing. If you pause the video, I'm sure you can go read it if you want. Notice one thing down here. Notice right when the story starts ending, he says, basically, hopefully I can get some help out there much quicker. Then he stops and says, stay tuned tomorrow for chapter two, Mr. Negative $500 per day. Boom, what did he just do right here? This is what soap operas do. If you guys watch soap operas, if you watch reality shows, if you watch TV shows before the news, what is this thing right here? This is a hook, right? They say, wait, tonight at News at 10, learn about the three-headed dog that, you know, can backflip off diving boards, right? And you're like, what a three-headed dog? I need to watch the news now. Or right before soap operas, right before commercials, they cut to some big thing or the reality show. Our favorite show, unfortunately, is The Bachelorette and The Bachelorette. Every single time before commercial, Chris Harrison comes up and says, up next and shows something like the most exciting part of the next segment and then it cuts to commercial and you're like, I have to watch through the commercial because I need to find out this next thing. Okay? That's what we're doing here in this email. We're setting a soap opera sequence where we're dragging them to day number two. Okay? So day number one is I'm starting my story and I'm telling it from the point of high drama. I get excited. I get hooked and I stop and say, so tomorrow I'll tell you the rest of the story. And they're like, what? What's the next day? What's the next thing? And you don't let them know. You wait till tomorrow. Okay? So that's day number one, you guys, the point of high drama. Does that make sense? Okay. Now day number two, this is where we come back to your BS. Not really your BS. This is your back story. Okay? So again, you told them the point of high drama. You got them hooked. Now you come back. Now let me tell you a high story, the back story. How I got to the point of high drama. Okay? Now I start coming back and say, okay, I got to this point because I did this. I did this. I kind of start filling in the gaps of how I got to that point. Okay? If you guys have seen the episode of Seinfeld where basically the very opening scene was the end of the show, it was really kind of brilliantly done. And the second scene was the second to last show. And so you start seeing the scene and by the end of the movie, all of a sudden it all makes sense. And in the show, because you've seen the very opening scene and it was kind of a really cool thing. But this is kind of the same thing. They've seen now the point of high drama. They saw, you know, with Greg, they saw his wife crying, all this kind of stuff. Now it's like, how did I get there? Let me tell you the back story about how I got here. Okay? If you remember we talked about the attractive character, this is really where you're basically meeting them where they're at. You're saying, look, I was just like you, same situation you were in. And this is the path I took. I went along this path right here and all these things were happening and boom, here's where I hit the point of high drama. You guys saw this. You kind of, you share this stuff with them and you're going through and so you're telling your back story and your goal of your back story is to walk themselves, walk you into a wall. Okay? Again, this process, I'm going to give Dagen 100% credit. I learned this stuff all from Dagen. But your back story should lead to some kind of wall. Okay? So your wall is like, what's the wall? Like I run out of money or I couldn't lose weight. I tried everything or I couldn't, whatever, there's some wall you hit right here. Okay? So an email number two, you're telling your back story and boom, you hit this wall. Okay? Now I have to hit this wall. Somehow you've got to break free and get to email number three, which is your epiphany. Okay? I'll just put E for epiphany. So email number two again, it's your back story that leads them to the wall. And the wall, you start talking about like, I hit this wall. I couldn't, I couldn't, you know, I couldn't get past this wall. I was blocked. I was like, I'm going to take the next step and that's when it hit me. That's when I realized this or that's the day I got the email that changed my life. Or that's the day that something happened, right? Something you elude. So you tell your back story, you hit this wall and you elude to this epiphany, but you don't tell them what it is. And that's where, that's where you set your next hook. Tomorrow I'm going to tell you what was in that email. Tomorrow I'm going to tell you what it was my friend told me that helped me understand how this whole thing worked. Tomorrow I'm going to tell you what my wife said that changed everything, whatever it is. Okay? That's how you set email number two. Okay? Do you see how now this process, someone opens email number one and they get sucked into this drama. Then they hear the back story. Now they're best friends with the attractive character and they're, and they, the, the attractive character has met them where they're at, has taken through this path all the way up till boom. They've hit this wall and they, they've eluded to the fact that they had this epiphany that changed everything form and then they wait till day number three. Now let me share through the epiphany. The epiphany is this, boom. The email number three is the epiphany. And usually the epiphany, just so you guys know, 99% of the time your epiphany is leading back to whatever this is back here. The epiphany has, I needed to build a list and that's what I learned inside of dot com secret sex. My epiphany was I needed my own high end ticket product that I could sell and that's how I found the Empower Network. My big epiphany was I needed to figure out how I could, I could work, I could replace myself. And that's what I found, um, outsource, uh, replaceyourself.com or whatever it is. So, so your big epiphany is somehow tying back to whatever your ultimate solution is, which is the product you're selling right here. Okay. And that's kind of what we said, have the soap opera works you guys. Email one pulls email in two, email number two pulls email number three, email number three is leading people back to the ultimate solution. Okay. And that's how, how we structure our soap opera sequence. This right here you guys is called the soap, soap opera. Okay. And, uh, now again, you guys, uh, some people, and sometimes you can, you can take this instead of three emails, you can do over 10 emails. You can stretch these stories out and really break them out. But I think for most of you guys, I really focus on three right now, just because that's how many you need to really capture them. Okay. And get them to reintroduce back to this, this thing right here. Now we see these emails out day after day one. This one was about day one. This is day two. This one's day three. You don't gap and wait. I mean, you need, you need to get people interested while they're still there. Okay. So the subject lines of, of these is like, um, you know, uh, whatever the, the story is. So whatever chapter one of three, then chapter two of three, chapter three of three, so they know that it's part of a series, part one, two and three. So they start looking anxiously for the next email. Cause if they just read two, they want to find one and they want to find three. They just read three. They need one and two. You know, so we're keeping this in like a closed circuit. So email the subject line again, day one of three, day two of three, day three of three, whatever it might be. Um, and that's kind of how it works. Okay. So this is the first part of the email process. You guys, the next part of the email process, um, I'm going to be showing you guys on day number 12, but this is a soap opera sequence, um, part of the process. Okay. Now I'm going to show you guys how I write this cause I think this is really one of the, the biggest hauls I have is, as I try to, I'd write the first email and then I'm like, how do I hook this to the next email? How do I, how do I make this whole thing make sense? So I started doing, as I started going like this, I opened up notepad. So I read my emails and I started over here. I started day number one. Okay. That's all start my first one. Then I'll have day two, day three. Okay. And I haven't, I haven't all opened at the same time because again, if I'm going to be hooking people and bringing them from this to this and like that, I want to be able to kind of, um, to be able to know what things I need to pull them over here. So I'm going to start my story. So again, my story is starting to point of high drama. So it starts with subject line, the subject line could be, you know, whatever, let's see what's my subject line. It's going to be, I don't know, it's just like cool stuff. Day one of three. Okay. And my body, high drama. So I start telling story, story, story. And you guys, when you're writing your emails, make sure that you're like never more than like one sentence at a time, always having a lot of space. You need a lot of space in email. If there's any big paragraphs, people get overwhelmed. Everything should be very short and very fast. Like if you look at the back at, uh, at Greg's notes, like each one's one sentence, like nothing more than that. It's very short. You don't want them to, to be longer than that. Okay. You tell the story, tell the story, story, story, whatever it is. And then down here, you have your hook to day two of three, something like to lose that. Thanks from Russell Brunson. You know, from Russell Brunson. If you want, you can have something like P, you know, P. S. Don't forget to, to check out. Blah. Okay. So like if you, let's say, for example, you wanted to promote this in each email, you don't have to. I like to wait until email number three to kind of reintroduce. But you can, I've seen people successfully do it. We're in each email. They kind of push people back to here. Just kind of up to you. So if you do do that though, the reason I was showing you that is because if you do that, then come back in a click tracker and that click tracker link you set up. Remember that one that was, we set up on day number four. You take that click tracker link to your product and when you put it in right here. Yeah. Com slash whatever it is. Cool product. And that way you can track what link, what clicks came from this email. Okay. Then I email number two over here. So I do subject line. Cool stuff. Day two of three. Okay. And then boom, same thing. Now this is a backstory. Story hit wall. Elude. I suppose elude. Elude to. I think I saw a looter wrong. I have no idea. Um, then I hook them. Hooks you to day three. Thanks, Russell. Boom. And then day number four is I show epiphany, his epiphany I had, um, tell the story, show results, anything you want to show is kind of about the epiphany, how cool it was. Can't spell right. And then, uh, and then, um, push to call the action URL. So then boom, this is like your click tracker link again. We're pushing people back to buy your, your primary product. Okay. So boom, I create email number one, email number two, email number three. And then you go after you've written it out like this, you guys, and you perfect him, you make sure it's all good. And you say, okay, email number one's cool here. Hook to day number two. And I, I answer that question over here. They hooked day three and I get my whole thing written out. Then I go back to my outer responder, pure leverage or a Weber or whatever outer responder you choose, you go back in there and you just copy this, paste it, copy it, paste it, copy it, paste it. Now, if you've done that and you've had those emails copied and pasted in, um, and saved, because remember, if you remember back in day, um, number six, you guys, we set the auto responder and we left open three days for your three soap opera sequences. Now you say, go back and copy this in, copy the subject line in, copy the body, subject line body, subject line body, boom, you saved that. And now your email is set to go out. Soon as some subscribes, they get this email day one, this email day two, and this email day three. Okay. Does that make sense you guys? So that is how you set up your soap opera. Okay. And I hope you guys enjoy this. This is a fun process. Right now in soap opera can be a lot of fun and that's kind of game plan for you guys right now. So, um, that's the next step in the plan. You guys take, take your, uh, your attractive character, take your story, everything you've been developing and boom, email and one's your point of high drama, email number two is your backstory. Email number three is your epiphany. Sounds good. Thanks you guys. And I will talk to you all again tomorrow and tomorrow we're going to be talking about testing your funnel to make sure this whole thing is actually working. So it'll be exciting.