Mission #5
Ladyboss
did it... 	so
Can 	you!
Pre-Training
***
***
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 1 of 4 --

Mission #5
Ladyboss 	did 	it...
so Can 	you!
Are you ready for the most intense 30 days of marketing you’ve ever done?!
Consider these pre-training missions your warm-up.
Remember, the #1 thing that determines how well you’ll do in this
challenge? BELIEF. You must believe that you CAN do this. Without belief,
failure is inescapable.
Checklist for Today:
 Watch Russell’s video and then the Ladyboss presentation
 Fill out the worksheet below as you’re watching
 Sign up for Clickfunnels (either for the free trial, or check out the
special offer at the end of the 10x Secrets presentation)
 Go to the One Funnel Away (OFA) community and comment on today’s
mission thread when you’re done with the word - #MISSIONCOMPLETE
One Funnel Away: Pre-Training
Mission #5: Ladyboss Did It... So Can You! - 1
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 2 of 4 --

Ladyboss Presentation
(Video Presentation notes)
1. What is the one thing/story/idea Kaelin said during this presentation that
really stuck with you?
2. Why do you think it gave you a reaction? What about it relates back to
your own life, business, fears, dreams, hopes, etc.?
3. Pick a way to tangibly capture this lesson so you don’t forget it.
 Journal it
 Write it on your whiteboard or wall
 Post-it note on a mirror
 Laptop or cell background
Snap a photo of it and post it in the group to be held accountable!
Mission #5: Ladyboss Did It... So Can You! - 2
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 3 of 4 --

This newsletter is for research purposes only. All of the webpages and advertising is copyrighted by
the original owners. You may borrow the ‘ideas’ in these ads and pages, but you may NOT use any of the
actual advertising copy or designs.
You do not have resell rights or giveaway rights to any portion of this Publication. Only customers
that have purchased this publication are authorized to view it. This publication contains material
protected under International and Federal Copyright Laws and Treaties. No part of this publication may
be transmitted or reproduced in any way without the prior written permission of the author. Violations
of this copyright will be enforced to the full extent of the law.
The information services and resources provided in this book are based upon the current internet
marketing environment. The techniques presented have been extraordinarily lucrative and rewarding.
Because the internet is constantly changing, the sites and services presented in this book may change,
cease or expand with time. We hope that the skills and knowledge acquired from this course will
provide you with the ability to adapt to inevitable internet evolution. However, we cannot be held
responsible for changes that may affect the applicability of these techniques.
Any earnings, income statements or other results, are based on our own testing and are only
estimates of what we think you could earn. There is no assurance you will do as well as stated in any
examples. If you rely upon any figures provided, you must accept the entire risk of not doing as well as
the information provided.
Screenshots in this book are from publicly accessible field archives. All product names, logos and
artwork are copyrights of their respective owners. None of the owners have sponsored or endorsed this
publication. While all attempts have been made to verify information provided, the author assumes
no responsibility for errors, omissions, or contrary interpretation on the subject matter herein. Any
perceived slights of peoples or organizations are unintentional. The purchaser or reader of this
publication assumes responsibility for the use of these materials and information. No guarantees of
income are made. The author reserves the right to make changes and assumes no responsibility or
liability whatsoever on behalf of any purchaser or reader of these materials.
Legal Disclaimer And
Terms Of Use
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 4 of 4 --

