When I think about stories, you can tell a story in like 10 seconds or like 10 hours, like just by filling in the details of all this kind of stuff. So as you come back through, so with the character, there are a couple of things that Michael Hague taught me that it's like for every character in a movie, there are basically there's five things that you can do to build rapport with the audience. And the character needs at least two of these five. And typically the first 10% of every single movie, the backstory, the origin story is all about like getting you to actually care about the character. If you don't care about the character, then this whole journey just becomes boring and people don't want to, they don't care. So first time set of movies is all about building rapport with the hero. So they do it through, again, five things and they try to get at least two of these five things. So either the person needs to be a victim, which makes you care about them. They need to have like something in jeopardy, like a life in jeopardy, like a job in jeopardy, like something that's going to be falling apart. They got to be likable, they got to be funny, or they got to be powerful. Because you're thinking that there's two of those things that are going to be introduced to your audience for them to have rapport with you enough to actually care about your story. If there's not, they're like, if you guys watch, I remember watching, it's one of the like end of the world movies, I remember watching it and like the end the character died and I was like, I don't even care. Like I'm glad he died, he was kind of annoying. I remember the whole movie was ruined for me because there was no like, I didn't care. So the big thing is you have to care about the character or else the rest of the story doesn't even matter. So it's all about building rapport. And those are, again he said in movies that when they try to, they try to get two of the five. And the second thing is then there's the desire where they're trying to get. And he says that typically the desire is one of four things. They're trying to win something, win a race, win a girl, win whatever they're trying to win something. We're trying to retrieve something, trying to go somewhere and get something and bring it back. We're trying to escape from some bad guys. We're trying to stop something. Thinking about most movies, you can get any movie you can plug through this, Disney movies, real movies, superhero movies. They're always, the desire is one of those four things typically. So it's like, what's the desire of the character? I want to win this thing. I want to stop whatever that thing might be. So for your story, it's the same thing like when you went on this journey, for your origin story, which one of those was it for you? You're trying to retrieve something, trying to escape from some life you hated, trying to stop something bad from happening.