Hey everyone, it's Russell again. Welcome to mission number four and this is one of my favorites. It's simple, it's easy, but it's one of the most valuable, powerful things that for some reason I don't see people doing anymore. It's almost like a lost art. And so I'm going to talk to you guys about it. It is the power of e-covers. Okay? Now yesterday we walked through this whole process. You've been creating how much offers you kind of figured out what's going to go on this page and this page and this page and all those things. So conceptually you know what it is. It's probably in your head, but I need a tangible representation of what this is. Okay? So for every single product I create that's going to go inside an offer, I get an e-cover design. So what's an e-cover? Well, this is the book. This is a physical cover, right? I want a digital cover. So people see it and be like, oh, that's what he's talking about. It's a book that I'm getting. It looks awesome. It looks cool. It increases the perceived value when someone can actually see it. A bold point of like, you're going to get a free book. It does not increase the perceived value. You know as much as like, this is what the book is going to look like. Now I want these books, covers and e-covers to look really good. Therefore, I forbid you from doing it unless you're an amazing graphic designer. I want you to go over to the funnel role of X and hire somebody to create all these for you. That's how I get my e-covers design. I'm going to show you a couple of practical examples of e-covers I got designed from designers who are in the funnel role of X. So if you come over here to the computer screen, this is my squeeze page for the marketing secrets black book. Check out that black book. Doesn't it look awesome? Like I look at that, I'm like, oh, like, I don't know what that is, but it looks amazing. There's a chain on. Like I want to get access to it. It looks so cool. Okay. I paid someone a couple hundred bucks to design that and a couple other graphics for me, but look at the perceived value. If I'd have been like, get my free book, nobody would have done it. Instead of spent a hundred bucks or something, I get this amazing graphic and now increases the perceived value. This page is simple, right? There's not a lot happening on it, but our opt-in rate conversion rate is so high because people see that and like, oh, I need, I want that, I want that, that e-book. Okay. Now, crappy looking e-book will decrease your, your, your opt-in rate. So I say, don't just make one yourself if you're bad at this. This is something a really good designer can bust out in like an hour. Okay. So there's the first page. Let me show you the next page. Okay. This is an example of one of my sales pages, a video on top here on the left hand side. There's my stack of all stuff inside of it, but hey, check it out. What is there? Okay. It's a digital course. There's an e-cover. There's like a computer screen with a, with name of the product and there's other computer screens showing videos that are in the thing, but it's an e-cover. It's a digital representation where I'm getting. You see that and you're like, whoa, I'm getting this cool, like, look how cool that looks. Okay. Just by adding that image, it increases the perceived value of it dramatically. Okay. Same thing over here. This is my Fundamental Builder Secrets course. Okay. We've sold tens and tens of millions of dollars in this course. We've noticed every single part of my stack, I have an e-cover for it, right? There's an e-cover for the Fundamental Builder Secrets class. There's an e-cover for ClickFunnels, an e-cover for Traffic Secrets, an e-cover for Funnel Scripts. So each of these pieces, you guys, go and get an e-cover designed for. Each of the different pieces you're going to be using have that created because now people can see that it dramatically increases the perceived value. Okay. So for this, again, coming back to what you guys created yesterday, okay, what's the e-cover for your squeeze page? What's the e-cover for all the things that are inside your offer, the e-covers, sorry, and what are the e-covers for all the things inside your upsell? Go to the Fundamental Roll Dex and go and get those designed. You probably get somebody, especially as part of a product line where they're similar, like a similar brand, you probably get someone to create them all for very inexpensive because they create one and they can kind of take an e-cover here and then use that for a computer monitor and screens and software boxes over here and somewhere there. It shouldn't cost you that much. In fact, there's people in the Roll Dex right now who specialize in this specifically, hire them to make some amazing things like this for you and then you're going to be plugging those in. These are all right now we're the asset creation process. You're going to be gathering things. So gather all of these e-covers, keep them, and then we're going to be using them when we get to the funnel stuff here in a little bit. But that's the next homework for tonight is just going to get e-covers created for all the different pieces you decided to do here inside your offer sequence. So go to that now and now we'll see you guys tomorrow.