Hey, this is Russell Brunson and I wanted to walk you through how we do our coaching funnels.
I'm actually going to show you two versions of this funnel.
I'll show you our newest one and also our oldest one.
And you'll notice they're very similar, but this process is what has worked the best for us.
Now, I want to kind of give you a caveat prior to doing it this way.
We used to sell coaching and we had in our staff, in our office, about 60 full-time sales people who we generated lead and we were calling every single lead and trying to sell them stuff and it just was expensive and a lot of overhead and a lot of headaches and it was a nightmare.
And so about a year and a half ago, we changed it where instead of us outbound calling people, we said, hey, let's put up some barriers and people want to come and they want to work with us.
They got to go through an application process and so we tested out a bunch of funnels.
We looked at a lot of what people were doing.
We tested and tweaked and tried and finally we kind of settled on what's working really well for us.
And so that's what I'm going to be showing you guys.
And some of these things you may have, some of the assets for us may not yet, but I recommend just kind of going through and make this mold this to fit for whatever it is, your program, what it looks like.
And so this is actually our current page.
I'm going to show you first our older page.
So this is our older page right here.
It was our dot com secrets inner circle.
That's what we used to call it.
And I encourage you don't steal my copy.
I don't want you to do that, but you know, you get ideas from it.
That's all right.
So this is how ours looks like.
Again, I'm looking for my dream clients.
That's you.
I'm going to personally work with you one-on-one.
And then I have a video here.
This is me just kind of telling my story a little bit.
And I have the first step of the application right here.
And then I kind of talk about what our coaching program is.
So I said, you know, first, this is what we're going to do.
And then we're going to do this.
And then, you know, this is kind of the results we've had in the past.
And so I'm just kind of, it's not like a sales letter.
We have to have, you know, a star story solution or any of the typical really deep sales letter things.
It's more just kind of talking like what our coaching program will actually do for you.
Okay.
And so because most of the sales is not happening here.
The main goal of the application page is to have people to trust you and to kind of build a relationship.
So that's what we do.
That's what this video here is very much a relationship building piece that kind of just tells my story.
And I've got some videos here from Tony Robbins as well.
And just, again, I'm trying to build that relationship and build credibility more than trying to sell them anything.
If that makes sense.
Okay.
Because usually I'm pushing people this on the back of one of my other funnels.
They've already bought something else from me.
They've, things like that have already happened.
And now I'm just saying, hey, if you want help with that, you know, if you want to work personally with me, come over here.
And that's kind of where I push people to the, these funnels.
And we do also drive traffic directly to them from Facebook and other places.
But for the most part, these funnels are our funnel.
It kind of happens on the back of all of your other funnels.
Okay.
So again, a relationship building video here, kind of what our coaching program looks like.
So they can look at this big, oh, cool.
He's building funnels.
Wow.
He's had success with funnels.
That's what we, you know, we're kind of focusing on and kind of walking through.
I show a picture of our actual coaching program.
And for a long time, I never had a picture like this.
And so if you don't have a coaching program yet or you're trying to build one out, don't worry about having something.
But it's kind of cool that here's people that came to our last workshop and we're having a bunch of fun.
Talk about, you know, word of warning, who's not, who's not a good fit for membership criteria.
This is who we're looking for.
What I'm not going to tolerate.
I kind of tell a story about someone that we didn't allow into the coaching program.
And I just kind of go through and just kind of explain what's going to be happening.
Okay.
But again, it's not really, it's not like a sales pitch.
It's more like a relationship building pitch.
Okay.
I can do this just as well with me just having a video of me kind of talking about who I am and why I'm excited and why I like to work with them in an application button.
Okay.
So that's, that was the old version.
Here's the newer one.
The biggest change on this newer one is I wanted to have more social proofs.
Instead of me saying, Hey, I'm awesome.
I wanted more people saying that.
So we got some success stories from some people.
It says a guy named Drew that runs FitLife TV and he came and told his story.
What we did with him.
I got my quote from Tony Robbins in my apply button.
And then I showed another video from one of our success stories.
This is Simon and he talks about how it was like 1030 at night and he asked me a question and I responded back and I opened my whole business to him.
I just gave it to him.
Right.
So I've really a testimony from him and I kind of have the same sales letter because I like the sales letter.
I thought it was kind of cool.
So I plugged that in here and you know, it sounds kind of same, but you know, you look at the analytics and the surprising amount of people never even scroll down this farm.
And one cool thing about this bonus where people do apply, we ship them out this DVD and this booklet and, uh, which is kind of cool.
So that's step number one.
You guys have a couple of different versions of this as well.
We've got, um, different people's videos here.
Like for example, I think, um, let's see if I can find it real quick.
Yes.
This is another version we have and this one's got a video from a guy named Zan who we had success with and it starts with grass.
You can't see his face right now, but then the rest of it's pretty much identical.
Okay.
But again, the first, the first page in your coaching application funnel is something that just kind of, uh, just kind of ties them back to you and makes them want to work with you.
Okay.
So we're really successful where their entire video here, all it is them saying, you know, in their office saying, Hey, my name is so and so.
And you bought some of my products and services in the past.
And if you're interested in working directly with me one-on-one, then, uh, this is where you can find out about that and you can apply.
And, um, you know, it's not a good fit for everybody, but if you're the right fit, I think it's something that could change your life.
And so I want you to apply and we can see if it's going to be a good fit.
Right.
So they apply.
First step, we just get their email address here.
Same thing here.
I just got their email address here.
That way if they don't finish the application, I can follow up with them.
Now, what we did here is after this, after they applied here, then I took them to an actual application and this is the page right here.
And there are a lot of things I asked on here.
Um, you know, obviously their name, their phone number, uh, their email address, Skype, the website URL, how it's helpful about their company, what their current, you know, current sales funnel, what their, their number one problem is right now.
And then I asked some questions here.
My main goal of these is, is to find out how much money they're making without actually asking how much money they're making.
Okay.
So how much money is your list, uh, what's your current monthly gross sales, how much money you're actually making, what's your marketing budget.
Okay.
Now, so these work really good for how to make money business.
Um, depending on years, you know, we work, a lot of people who've got coaching businesses and weight loss or other things.
So you gotta find other questions, you know, that might fit for that.
For example, like how much, how much money per month do you guys spend on food as a family might help you kind of gauge that, you know, how much money they're actually making, things like that.
And then this is when I got from, uh, uh, a question I really liked.
I tweaked it on the next one, but it says, if we're having this discussion three years from today and you're looking back over those three years, what has it had to have happened in your life, both personally and professionally for you to feel, um, happy with your progress.
And so, and I'll show you that similar question on the other one.
I liked doing that one where we're kind of future pacing.
And, um, I learned that initially from a guy named Dan Sullivan.
He wrote a book called the question.
If you read that book, it's like a, you can read in like 20 minutes, but this was the question.
It's really, really good.
And I also happened to tell me why they think they'd be a good fit and then, and some things like that.
So that's the second page of the application page.
This is our current application page.
Some of the tweaks we made on this one is actually have like a video here, which is a bunch of testimonials, which is kind of cool.
So while they're filling it out, they're listening to, you know, five or six of our students go and kind of talk about the experience they've had with me and why they trust me and why I'm a good guy and all those things.
So I think that that video piece has really helped amplify what's happening here.
So if you have testimonial videos, good place, let's talk about the free thing we're giving them here, then the application on the right hand side.
You know, it's a lot of it's similar.
Um, one thing I changed in this one that I thought was kind of cool is, um, I tried to make it where they're, um, they're, they're answering the questions.
The question says, what's your number one challenge in your business?
I changed the phrasing to the number one challenge and growing my brand of my business right now is, and then they fill in, you know, there, so like this question is them saying that.
That makes sense.
Okay.
This one, if I was to have this discussion with Russell in a year from today and I was looking back on the past 12 months, what would have had happened in my life or personally and professionally for me to feel happy with my progress.
Okay.
And then I was finishing that sentence.
And so that's kind of how I tweaked it a little bit on this one as well.
Okay.
So that's kind of what's happening there.
And then also in this one, I get the shipping address because I ship them out this right here for free, which is kind of cool because then, uh, it gives me a second shot to get something in their hands and make them, you know, if they, if they happen to say no when we talk to them, it gets us into their hands again and gets them, um, looking and thinking more about why this, uh, this coaching idea might be a good fit for them.
Okay.
So that's page number two and page number three is our homework page.
Okay.
So that's really, um, one of the best ways to pre-sell whoever's going to be calling and selling coaching to them on the, on the other line.
Okay.
So, uh, here I said, it's time to your homework.
Here's what you're expecting next.
You're going to call from one of these guys right here.
If you're accepted that they're going to call you if not, you're going to get an email from me.
If you want to get started right now, then call them, call right now.
Okay.
And so we found people who call us phone them right now are like our best, they're easy sales, um, because they're, they're excited.
They're ready and they jump, they're raising their hand, jumping to the front of the line.
So we like having this in here and giving them the ability to call in because everyone who calls in, we close, which is kind of exciting.
And so I want those people who are ready now to, to, to raise their hand and, and, uh, and come in ahead of time.
And again, I said, oh, we, they signed up if they're a good fit.
We don't take everyone.
We, in fact, we reject 95% of people who come through because they're not a good fit for a lot of different reasons.
Um, and so this just jumps them to the front line.
They have to wait, you know, to get called from all the applications that are coming in.
And then watch this video here.
This is like a seven step video where I just kind of go through the mindset and things that they need to know they're going to be successful online.
And they're also things that, that kind of pre-sell and get them ready for when they talk to one of our salespeople.
This is a video here of my wife and I, um, kind of telling the story about how, um, we had issues getting pregnant and I kind of tell a story and how it ties into my business and why I'm really excited by that.
And so I like sharing that video with them.
Cause when they watch that, they, they, um, it builds that bond with me a lot more and they trust me.
I've seen, I've people say, watch this video with you, Russell.
Now I just trust you.
And so I'm trying to build that trust and relationship here on the homework page.
So I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm preparing them for a call.
I'm, I'm building my relationship with them.
This is a testimonial from a guy who spent an hour with me on the phone and had a huge dramatic increase.
I want them to see that.
And if we, even if we just get an hour on the call, I can help change your business.
Okay.
And so that's kind of the, the homework page here.
So here's our current homework page, which again is very similar.
But this time I led with the video of me, uh, crying, uh, again, cause it builds a relationship.
But I want that, I want them when they call on the phone, I want them to know that I really do care and that I have a reason behind why I do this.
And, and then I'm not the kind of guy who just sells coaching and, and walks away, but I'm the kind of person who sells coaching them for a year.
You're working with me and you can call me directly.
And you know, I want them to know that, um, that I'm here for them and I want to build that relationship really well.
And this video does a good job of that for me.
Again, what to expect next, you're going to call from these guys.
Here's the phone number to call.
And then here's some videos for you to watch as well.
Okay.
So that's kind of the concept.
So again, if you guys look at the process, excuse me, step number one, where, um, we're taking into a video, we're trying to build, um, that, that relationship.
So the way we can do that a couple of different ways we can do that.
Um, the first way is, uh, the way I did it here, which is just me sharing a story with them about why I want to work with them.
Second way is bringing in a testimony from somebody else who's been successful with you.
Show that.
Or third way is just having a video of you saying, Hey, if you're looking for help, um, I want, I'm working with people one-on-one or have this coaching program and just kind of you talking to them directly.
So those are kind of the three ways that we would start that, that homepage.
And again, our goals, get them to apply.
And second stage, we get them to actually fill out an application.
And if they don't fill this application, if they felt this, this first block right here, we keep emailing them, trying to get them to fill out this application.
After they fill out the application, then our autoresponder, we, we let it know that, Hey, this person's fill out application, it stops pushing them here.
Okay.
Most autoresponders nowadays you can do that with.
So definitely contact your autoresponder if you want to do that.
So again, step page two is get them to apply.
And step three is now all the stuff you're going to pre-sell that person.
So when they do get on the phone with you, uh, they're prepared and they're ready and they're more likely to, to actually sign up and give you money.
Okay.
And we do that again through this homework page where build a relationship with them directly, show them what to expect and give them some training videos that will get help, um, prepare them for the call and help prepare their mindset for, for working with you.
So that's how we do our coaching funnel.
I hope that helps and gives you guys some good ideas about how to model your coaching funnels.