Issue 3 | 1
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 1 of 20 --

2 | Funnel University
By Russell Brunson, the Overnight Success Maker
Welcome back to month three of Funnel University! Today we
are going to be talking about a funnel that I have been hacking
since we started launching Funnel University. My guess is you
came through one of these funnels to get here today.
I have been using Digital Marketer's continuity funnel as
inspiration for my own continuity programs. If you are selling
any continuity programs, this funnel is one you should be
using as well because they did some really cool things that
have helped them get
tens of thousands of members.
Let me explain the overall concept...
The Problem with most Continuity
Most continuity programs start with a library or membership
site full of things like training, access to software and
newsletters. The question is, how do we sell that?
Continuity programs can be hard to sell because when you
tell people they're going to get a whole bunch of stuff for
joining, that's cool, but it doesn't answer their need. Usually
they need
one specific thing.
That's why people don't sell library membership cards.
Nobody wants to pay to go see a million books. It's kind
of fun to have the other books around but you are usually
looking for something specific when you go to the library.
That's one reason why it can be difficult to sell continuity.
Back in the day we used to do free plus shipping offers
where we'd send people a free CD or DVD if they paid a
small shipping fee, and then we'd give them two weeks free
access to our membership program. That worked really well.
The problem was that there were a lot of people who would
sign up not knowing they were on continuity and they were
confused when they got billed the next month.
For years we've been trying to figure out how to sell
continuity in a way that's exciting and that people benefit
from, without any confusion behind it. I think that Ryan Deiss
and the guys over at Digital Marketer figured out the best
way to do that...
From a few members to 10K+
First, they do have a sales page where they sell their
membership site, but I bet less than 10 percent of their
members purchase through that page.
Digital Marketer also has several other sales pages that each
focus on one piece of the membership.
There's a power behind this strategy! In fact, at the last Traffic
and Conversion Summit, Ryan got onstage and said that this
funnel is how they took their continuity program from a few
hundred members to tens of thousands of members!
Page One: The Sales Pages
So here's the concept. Inside the membership site they have
tons of training. It's like a library. Instead of just saying, "Hey,
buy this thing and you're going to get a million other things
too," they sell just one piece.
I'm going to show you several different sales letters. You can
see one of them on page three. This version of the sales page
focuses on the Ultimate Amazon Spy Tool. It's a software
product. You get that inside the member's area, but what
they do is they just sell you this all by itself.
It's $10, and you get this software tool that helps you find
Amazon keywords. The offer is kind of a no-brainer. It's like,
"Yeah, I'll pay 10 bucks for that thing."
On another page, they are selling their Ultimate Email Tool,
which is a countdown clock software. This software is inside
their member's area as well. But again on this sales page,
they are just offering this one tool for $10.
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 2 of 20 --

Issue 3 | 3
Page 1: The Ultimate Amazon Spy Tool (Just One of Digital Marketer’s Sales Pages)
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 3 of 20 --

4 | Funnel University
Page 1: More examples of Digital Marketer’s sales pages
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 4 of 20 --

Issue 3 | 5
Another sales page has some of the internal content inside
their member's area as a stand-alone. This is their 21 Day
Launch Plan. For this one, you pay $7 and you get just the 21
Day Launch Plan.
They have tons of these pages each selling one thing from
their member's area – they have separate pages for their
6 Step Market Research Blueprint, Social Selling System
Product, Content Engine product, Facebook Lead Generation
Machine, How to Make Money From Twitter, and more...
All they're doing is taking this library with tons and tons of
stuff and they're pulling out each piece. Each sales page
targets a specific demographic.
For example, there are some people who want cheap traffic,
so the $10 A Day Traffic Plan will get them to raise their
hand. Those people may not be selling on Amazon, but how
do we track the Amazon buyers? Well, let's make this tool
that helps people on Amazon. Some people want to buy ads
on Facebook, so let's create something that attracts people
on Facebook.
Each of these little splinter pieces of content from the
member's area is targeting one specific market - the market
researching people, the content people, the social people,
the Facebook people...
Again, taking the analogy of a library, let's say I want to attract
more business people. I would find the best business book in
my library, pull it out, and just sell that for really, really cheap.
That way I get my dream clients to raise their hands.
So step number one is using pieces of your member's area to
get different market segments to raise their hand.
Page Two: Continuity Upsell
Next, as soon as you buy any of these offers (and I know
each Page offers one product from their library and targets a specific market segment
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 5 of 20 --

6 | Funnel University
because I bought all of them wanting to see the process) you
will be taken to the exact same upsell. The upsell basically
says, "Hey, you just got one piece of our member's area
for 10 bucks. Hope you loved it, it's amazing. Guess what?
There's more."
On the upsell page, they have a sales video and a transcript
of the sales video. When you scroll down, you'll see where
the money's at. This is what I love. It basically says, "Hey, you
just bought one of these. How would you like all of them?
You can get our boomerang traffic plan and all these other
products..." Here they show all of the books and software you
can get inside their library if you upgrade right now. They
also add live trainings, office hours, and a bunch of other
Page 2: Digital Marketer’s continuity upsell
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 6 of 20 --

Issue 3 | 7
Part of the continuity Upsell page showing the benefits of upgrading
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 7 of 20 --

8 | Funnel University
amazing things. You get all of that just for $1 (not just the
one product you paid $10 for, but for all of their products
and training). After that they start billing you monthly for the
continuity. Do you see how powerful that is?
Page Three: High Ticket Upsell
Next they have an upsell for one of their more expensive
courses. This is one of their certification programs. The
pricing on this is $395.
One thing I want to stress is that the goal is not to make
money on all the individual $10 offers. And initially, you don't
make any money on the trial. By month two, hopefully you'll
start making a profit as people are billed for the continuity.
But that doesn't mean you can't make a profit upfront. The
upsell is what I call the self-liquidating offer. The goal of this
$400 offer is to cover all the ad costs to acquire front-end
customers and hopefully make a little bit of a profit. After
that, any monthly income from continuity is additional
money in your pocket.
There are a lot of great, low-ticket continuity funnels on the
market, but the owners can't continue to buy traffic because
they're pushing trials. They don't get enough money to
cover their ad costs. But if you add a higher ticket product
in the upsell sequence, you have something that's going
to liquidate your costs and actually help you to make the
money you need. That is the strategy.
DM’s continuity funnel
I'm going to walk you through the whole process the way
I see it in my head using the sketch on page nine. You start
with your membership site in the middle. This is like a library
with a million different things in there. The membership
price for Digital Marketer is $38.60 a month, which is a weird
Page 3: Digital marketer’s High Ticket UPsell
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 8 of 20 --

Issue 3 | 9
price, but there you go. They have one sales page to sell the
whole membership site, but it doesn't do amazing.
Then they take each individual product or piece of content
from the member's area, pull it out, and have a sales letter
offering that one thing at a low price. If you buy that, the
upsell becomes a trial to the membership site. From there,
they have more a more expensive upsell to help meet or
exceed ad costs.
They copy this exact funnel for every product and piece of
content - sell something for $10, offer a $1 trial, and then a
high ticket upsell.
What's cool about this is that it basically gives you the ability
to have a new front-end funnel all the time. When we did our
interview with Trey Lewellen, he said that his goal is to try to
launch a new funnel every single week. People asked, "How do
you launch a new funnel every single week?" Trey's model is
very similar to this. He's got his core membership site and he's
pulling out front-end offers to bring new market segments into
his world. This is pretty much the same concept.
You can do it this way if you have a core membership site. You
can launch a new funnel each week because you're just pulling
one piece out and selling that piece. It's not that difficult
because the two upsells don't ever change. The two upsells
are the same on every single one of these funnels. You're just
changing the front end of the funnel and you're not selling
something super expensive, so it's not that hard to sell it.
Remember, each offer focuses specifically on one market
segment you want to go after.
That's the concept of how the continuity funnel works. This is
something that we're doing right now and benefiting from.
If you have a continuity program you should model it as
well. If you don't have a continuity program yet, now is the
time to create one. Now you've got the model, the strategy,
everything you need to make it happen –
so just go and do it!
DM’s Continuity Funnel
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 9 of 20 --

10 | Funnel University
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 10 of 20 --

By Russell Brunson, the Overnight Success Maker
In the last couple years I haven't seen many people using
video sales letters within their funnels anymore. I don't know
why that is - but they continue to work year after year.
The next funnel I'm about to show you is one of my favorites
because I've seen behind-the-scenes, I know the revenue
they're doing, and it's
insane! It's a really good funnel to
model, especially if you're going after cold traffic. They are
killing it in converting freezing cold traffic, so watch closely
as I show you how it works...
Page 1A: Pre-Sale Article
The company's name is REO Rockstar. One of my friends,
Preston Ely, built this funnel. He's one of the coolest dudes
in the real estate market. I swear I look at it once or twice a
week and it's been fun to watch.
It all begins with two different landing pages based on
where they're sending traffic. This is one of the big reasons
why I wanted you to see this.
The first page is an advertorial called Financial Freedom
Report with an article that talks about how house flippers
are using an exposed loophole to make money with zero
out of pocket expense.
It's easy to drive warm traffic to videos, webinars, or almost
any other kind of funnel. But when you have cold traffic and
people don't know who you are, an article is a great way to
bring them into your world in a non-threatening way.
If you've gone through any of the funnel catcher training,
and I hope you have, we talked about how to convert cold
traffic. It's all about this concept of using pre-sell pages
like this to drive cold traffic to your funnels. This article
talks about how you can make a bunch of money with real
Page 1A: Pre-Sale Article (For Cold Traffic)
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 11 of 20 --

12 | Funnel University
estate, and then from there it pushes directly to the video
sales letter. That's where they're driving freezing cold traffic.
Page 1B: Squeeze Page
They're driving their warm traffic to a squeeze page. This is one
of my favorite squeeze pages I've ever seen for a few reasons.
First, it looks
awesome. I especially love the flashing arrows. I
think this concept initially came from OptimizePress. They do
landing pages that have flashing arrows like this but I've never
seen anyone use it since. I'm going to start using it because I
think they really grab your attention.
Another thing I love about this page is the audio that plays in
the background where you can hear Preston talking in a low
voice. Here's part of his script:
“Hey, welcome to REORockstar.com. I've got a secret
confession. You're going to find out in just a second why I'm
keeping my voice down right now. I don't know who's around
you, it's very important that you keep this to yourself so as
Page 1B: REO Rockstar’s Squeeze Page (For warm traffic)
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 12 of 20 --

Issue 3 | 13
to not create for yourself any undue competition. This is
something that you want to keep to yourself. So close your
door if you're in a room, keep everybody out.
“I have discovered a loophole in the $787 billion stimulus
bill that allows me to flip ten to fifteen REO, bank owned
foreclosure properties every single month without ever
closing on them, without using any money or credit,
without any risk whatsoever, without any experience,
without any manual labor. Dude, I am the laziest guy you'll
ever meet.
“If you are like many who think you need a lot of money or
experience to flip bank owned foreclosure houses, think
again. If you believe the myth that buying and selling bank
owned properties is strictly for rich people who know what
they're doing, you're wrong. If you're still flipping houses
the old-fashioned way, you're in for a serious wake-up call.
“You're about to watch a brief video that I created where I
tell you my secret on how I go about flipping ten to fifteen
bank owned foreclosure houses every single month, without
fail - not every year, every month. What you want to do right
now, is enter your name and email address in the form on
the right, and I'll show you exactly how I do it...”
Isn't that awesome? You feel like he's whispering to you and
it's kind of behind-the-scenes. You can't turn it off, but isn't
it engaging? You're like, "Man, I gotta find out what that is." I
love how he sells the opt-in there.
So there are two different ways people are getting to his
funnel.
Freezing cold traffic is going to the advertorial page.
Warmer traffic, like Facebook ads and joint venture partners,
are coming to his squeeze page - and they both work.
Page 1C: Exit Pop
If you leave any of these pages, you see an exit pop. This is
Page 1C: REO Rockstar’s Exit Pop
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 13 of 20 --

14 | Funnel University
basically a text version of what's going to be happening on
the video sales letter in the next page, again with the goal
of getting you to buy. That's how the first part of this funnel
works.
Page 2: Video Sales Letter (VSL)
Next, if you opt-in, or click on the link from the article, then
you're taken over to the video sales letter page. This page is
very simple. It basically has the headline, “'Stimulus Loophole
Experiment' Allowed Me To Flip 31 Foreclosed Houses Last
Month Alone. Turn Up Your Speakers And Listen How...”
followed by the video.
They have the add to cart button hidden and then it pops up
with the price of $37. When you click on that, it takes you to
the order form where you put in your credit card.
Page 2: REO Rockstar’s Video Sales Letter
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 14 of 20 --

Issue 3 | 15
Pages 3A & 3B: Upsell/Downsell #1
Next it takes you into their actual backend funnel which is
really, really cool. This is the first upsell page in their backend
funnel. I think it's really powerful that they highlight the city
where you're from. For example, as I'm looking at this, I'm in
my office in Meridian – so part of the headline says, “Being that
you're from Meridian, Idaho, you'll want to take a look at this.”
It's pulling me in thinking, “Wow, this is actually real for me.”
Then you scroll down and it's a longer form sales letter
pitching the first upsell. I want you to pay close attention to
their pricing strategy behind this. They sell it for $197. If you
say yes, obviously it bills your card $197, but if you say no,
then it takes you to the downsell.
For the downsell, the copy basically says, "Wait. Hold on, if you
can't afford it, I get it, so what we're going to do is offer you a
payment plan." They have two options, either three payments
of $67 or payment in full (the original offer). We did a test on
a similar offer and it was crazy how many people ended up
paying in full here - they just needed one more little push
over the edge. That's the first upsell and downsell.
Page 3A: REO Rockstar’s Upsell #1
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 15 of 20 --

16 | Funnel University
Page 3B: REO Rockstar’s downsell #1 (adds payment plan option)
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 16 of 20 --

Issue 3 | 17
Pages 4A & 4B: Upsell/Downsell #2
Then from there it transitions to the next upsell, which is their
continuity offer. They are offering eight training sessions
for free plus all the benefits of membership. If you say yes, it
starts billing $97 a month.
If you say no to that offer, the next downsell is a trial where
Page 4A: REO Rockstar’s Upsell #2 (Continuity Program)
you can sign up free for the next 30 days. That way, the
people who are ready to join will pay upfront, but those who
are on the edge get a trial offer. I think that's a cool concept.
After that they take you to the thank you page.
That's how that funnel works. Is that exciting for you? I love
seeing when people effectively use downsells because
they're really, really powerful.
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 17 of 20 --

18 | Funnel University
Page 4B: REO Rockstar’s downsell #2 (adds free trial option)
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 18 of 20 --

Issue 3 | 19
This newsletter is for research purposes only. All of the
webpages and advertising is copyrighted by the original owners.
You may borrow the ‘ideas’ in these ads and pages, but you may
NOT use any of the actual advertising copy or designs.
You do not have resell rights or giveaway rights to any portion
of this Publication. Only customers that have purchased this
publication are authorized to view it. This publication contains
material protected under International and Federal Copyright
Laws and Treaties. No part of this publication may be transmitted
or reproduced in any way without the prior written permission of
the author. Violations of this copyright will be enforced to the full
extent of the law.
The information services and resources provided in this book
are based upon the current internet marketing environment. The
techniques presented have been extraordinarily lucrative and
rewarding. Because the internet is constantly changing, the sites
and services presented in this book may change, cease or expand
with time. We hope that the skills and knowledge acquired from
this course will provide you with the ability to adapt to inevitable
internet evolution. However, we cannot be held responsible for
changes that may affect the applicability of these techniques.
Any earnings, income statements or other results, are based
on our own testing and are only estimates of what we think you
could earn. There is no assurance you will do as well as stated in any
examples. If you rely upon any figures provided, you must accept
the entire risk of not doing as well as the information provided.
Screenshots in this book are from publicly accessible field
archives. All product names, logos and artwork are copyrights of
their respective owners. None of the owners have sponsored or
endorsed this publication. While all attempts have been made to
verify information provided, the author assumes no responsibility
for errors, omissions, or contrary interpretation on the subject
matter herein. Any perceived slights of peoples or organizations are
unintentional. The purchaser or reader of this publication assumes
responsibility for the use of these materials and information. No
guarantees of income are made. The author reserves the right to
make changes and assumes no responsibility or liability whatsoever
on behalf of any purchaser or reader of these materials.
Legal Disclaimer And Terms Of Use
Copyright 2016 © SuccessEtc.com, LLC
All Rights Reserved
REO Rockstar’s VSL Funnel
Let's walk through this funnel using the sketch on page 10.
First, they have two different landing pages - one is a typical
squeeze page and one is a presale article. Both pages lead to
the video sales letter page.
On the video sales letter page, they have a video about their
awesome product that they sell for $37. When you buy the
$37 product, you go to upsell number one, which is a copy of
their training course for $197.
If you say no to the upsell, you drop to the downsell offering
a payment plan or to pay in full.
Both of these now take you to the second upsell, which again
is their continuity program for $97 a month. If you say no to
that, then the downsell is a 30 day free trial.
This funnel is
powerful because it's a more traditional video
sales letter funnel, but they are converting amazing to cold
traffic. That's happening for a couple reasons:
• 	They have the presale page to convert cold traffic,
• 	A powerful sales video which helps monetize those visitors,
• 	A great upsell/downsell sequence that pulls out enough
money to help cover their ad costs,
• 	And a continuity program where they can continue to
make money each month from all the people who go
through this funnel.
That is the VSL funnel that REO Rockstar's using. This is one
of the funnels that I model all the time, and I think that it's a
powerful one for you to use as well.
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 19 of 20 --

20 | Funnel University
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 20 of 20 --

