Okay, so next step is to go and set up your initial soap opera sequence.
And again, if you don't know how to do that yet, inside the funnel hacks training, if you go down here and click on Attractive Character Secrets, this will give you all the email training.
You'll come here, you'll log into that account and it'll help you set up exactly how to create your attractive character, how to create your initial soap opera sequence.
That's all inside that training there.
So there's two ways to do it.
The way that I personally do it is I like having my initial soap opera sequence coming from ClickFunnels.
So if you do that, you click right here on Email Marketing, click on Add New Email.
And I just start typing in.
So the from name would be from Russell Brunson.
You know what, or I might call it like the Paleo guy.
If they're just joining Paleo lists.
Subject line is my Paleo Hacks book.
So maybe they can get the book and then conditions.
Everyone's going to go out to everyone and I can type my email right here.
So hey, thanks for signing up.
If you didn't get the book yet, you can get it here.
Download book here.
Thanks.
So I'm going to go ahead and click on the link.
Insert link.
And then right here, I would just go back and I would put in my affiliate link that we had earlier.
So I just copy and paste that right there.
I don't have it here in front of me right now.
I would copy my link there.
That way if they click on it, it would take them over to the sales video where they'd sell them the product.
Delay days, so I want this one to go out immediately.
So I'm going to keep it at zero.
And then that's about it.
Create email.
Email number one's done.
And I can create email number two to go out on day one, then day two, and I can build out a whole sequence like that.
Or again, a lot of you guys are going to want to build your soap opera sequence directly in your odd responder, which is just fine as well.
And if you're an Aweber, same thing comes your current list.
Then you go to messages and then you say follow up series.
And then you create your first follow up.
And basically it's the exact same process that I just went through on the other one.
I say day number one, send out this email.
So here's the subject line, your paleo hacks book.
Send an email right here.
Click next.
Save an exit and boom.
I'm doing that day number one.
Email should be sent.
There it is there.
First email, send immediately.
I can go back and create all the rest of my fault and build out my entire initial soap opera sequence.
And that's kind of you guys.
That's how we build our opt-in funnel.
It's very simple.
It's very easy.
What I recommend doing now after you have that all set up is then come back through and you want to test out this whole process.
So I come back down here, click on this little blue arrow to open up your squeeze page.
And then I'd actually test the process.
So come right here, put your name in.
Get access now.
See if it directs me to the right page.
Boom, took me to my page right here.
And I've clicked on the Paleo Hacks here.
Should take me to my affiliate link for the cookbook.
And there you go.
That funnel just worked like magic.
So now I've got a really cool opt-in funnel.
I can go back and target Paleo people and drive tons of leads in here and start building my list.
And soon I'll have a really big Paleo list.
And again, initially they're going to get my initial soap opera sequence that goes out here.
And then after that, then my list keeps getting bigger and I'll start coming in here.
And I'll be able to start sending out daily broadcast.
See the person that added the list hacker list here because they still haven't updated the Paleo list.
But you'll see how it kind of works.
So that's the game plan, you guys.
Now you've got your very own sales funnel that's up and working.
All the one more video now to show you how to set up your custom domains.
And then we will be done.
Thanks, everyone.