Hey, this is Russell Brunson.
I want to welcome you to Funnel Hacks Module number one.
Now hopefully you had a chance to watch the webinar up ahead, up above me.
It was about two hours long.
I went through a whole bunch of psychology behind how to set up an opt-in funnel, and there's a lot we covered in two hours.
It was a long time.
So I wanted to break this down into nine simple steps so you can see exactly how to do each one.
And so the first step right now is we had to find a successful funnel in Clickbank.
That's kind of what I showed you guys.
Or if you already have your own sales funnel, you're going to use your own.
So if you already have your own sales funnel right now, we're just focusing on an opt-in funnel, then you can kind of skip this step because you know you're going to be driving people to your own sales funnel.
But if you don't have a sales funnel yet, that's why we need to do this step.
And you can again either do it through a digital funnel, like we're going to show you through Clickbank, or if you want, you can also do it.
If you're in a network marketing program, you can use your network marketing program, their pages and stuff like that, and that's what you're going to drive people to.
So the first step is finding a successful funnel.
So I'm going to go right now.
And where I usually go for mine is clickbank.com.
Clickbank is the biggest digital marketplace in the world.
At least it used to be before Amazon came around.
But if you come to Clickbank and you click on Marketplace, it's going to show you over 100,000 successful sales funnels, which is kind of cool.
And so you can come here and try to find who your competitor is going to be, or who the person you're going to model is going to be.
So I like coming down here and looking at the categories.
Again, there's arts, entertainment, betting systems, business, computers, cooking.
You can kind of figure out what you want to be.
So let's say it's cooking.
I'm going to come here.
And again, it's going to show me which ones rank the highest based on the current sales.
So maybe I'm going to do Paleo Hacks Cookbook.
So I'm going to click on that.
And this is going to be the successful funnel I'm going to be driving people to.
And so that's step number one.
You guys, you got to find a successful funnel.
The only other step is you're going to want to get your affiliate link.
So I'm going down here and I click on Promote.
And this little pop-up will come here, and it'll let me create my affiliate link.
You're not an affiliate yet of ClickBank.
All you've got to do is scroll back to clickbank.com.
I can find it here real quick for you.
And just go to Sign Up.
Sign up right there for free.
And you become a ClickBank affiliate, which is kind of cool.
So again, your assignment's for right now.
In this first video, very simple.
It's called clickbank.com.
You're going to go on Marketplace.
You're going to find one funnel that you want to use.
And again, this funnel should be the same funnel that you're going to want to build a list in.
So if you know you want to be in the food and cooking, then pick a food and cooking one.
If you know you want to be in internet marketing, find an internet marketing one.
If you want to be in weight loss, find a weight loss one.
Because we're going to be building our list based on similar things.
So there is the Paleo Hacks Cookbook I'm going to use for this example.
There's the product right here.
And then the next thing is I need my affiliate link.
So I'm going to click on the Promote tab.
Now that you guys have your affiliate link, ClickBank, you just put in here.
So my affiliate link is SublimeNet.
And I can track this, not to say Optin.
Click on Create.
And that's going to be my affiliate link I use after somebody goes through my sales funnel.
So that's step one guys.
Go into that and we'll talk to you guys on the next video.