Okay, so the next step is to set up your thank you page, or also sometimes I call us a bridge page.
Now there's a couple different strategies behind this.
One is if you're doing an ethical bribe or lead magnet, a lot of times you just opt-in, the next page, on this page you just deliver what they got.
Sometimes you'll have an opt-in and then when they opt-in, you immediately redirect them to your affiliate link on the next page.
So there's different strategies.
For me personally, I like doing what I call a bridge page, where I have them opt-in and then take them to a bridge page here, where I basically thank so much for opting in and I pre-sell the video on the next page.
So that's kind of what I personally do.
And again, there's different ways to skin the cat, a lot of different ways you can do it.
So for this example, I'm just going to show you that.
So I'm going to pick whichever template I like the most.
I'll use this one for this example.
This is my thank you page, or I also call this a bridge page.
I call the bridge page if I'm bridging them to an affiliate offer afterwards.
So again, it just kind of depends.
So if this was just a typical opt-in funnel where I was giving away a free thing, right here I would put a link to whatever they just downloaded.
So I might say, hey, here's the download link to the free report I promised you, here's the video I promised you.
So that's kind of one strategy.
And then the other one is the bridge page, which we're kind of doing right now.
So if it's a bridge page, I typically do, you don't have to do this, but I typically do it as I like having things for signing up and then like throwing in a video.
And the video here is typically going to be me, and it could be a Camtasia video like this one, or it might be a face shot of me saying, hey, thanks so much for signing up.
Now on the next page, I'm going to be showing you guys this really cool cookbook that we use called Paleo Hacks and allows me to blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, right?
I try to answer four questions.
Who am I?
What do I have?
Why do they need it?
And how can they get it?
Okay, so my is Russell Brunson.
I've got this really cool book called Paleo Hacks that lets you do whatever.
The reason why you need this is because it's going to help you to blah, blah, blah, and you can get it by clicking on the button down below.
Okay, so I might delete all this.
And then right here, it has something like check out.
Out.
Paleo Hacks now.
Boom.
And then I'd make this URL.
It's going to be my affiliate URL that I set up a little bit earlier.
So if you remember, here is my affiliate link in ClickBank.
And again, this works if you're a network marketing program, you would just take the replicated page they gave you or if you're in different affiliate program or if this is your own product, you just put a link to your own product.
So again, there's a lot of ways to use this tool.
I'm going to paste that right there.
And now, when anybody clicks on that and they buy from the next page, I get credit.
So I'll click save.
And I just set up my thank you page or my bridge page.
So that's the next step for you guys.
Let's go and actually create your thank you page or your bridge page.