Just kind of put all this stuff in perspective. We're covering a lot. I think we're probably going deep in this session. So a couple of things I want to talk about. I talked about traffic at the very beginning. The first thing we're talking about is who is their target market. The second thing is where are those people at. It always comes back to those two questions over and over and over again. If you can answer those two questions, you can make a bunch of money. Now for us and our company, if you look at what we do day in and day out, it starts with two things. The first thing I'm always looking for after I've kind of done all this reverse engineering thing, the first thing I'm personally looking for is what email list can I buy ads in? Because that's my easiest, fastest one I've talked about. My second one now, and this is why I love Facebook so much, is where are the fan page, where else on Facebook are these people at? I think for 99% of you guys, if you focus on just these two strategies and do anything else in traffic, you can make more money than you ever dream about. I would say right now from our traffic, I would say 90% of our traffic comes from one of these two sources right now, depending on perspective. So if you're looking at a lot of different things, these are the two things. I like email because I can get email tested out really, really quick. I get a fast return I find out. I like Facebook because again, if I have a juicing offer, I'm going to Drew Canole's site. I got a million fans. Instantly, I can target those people in five seconds. My ads in front of them so I can get things going really, really fast. I can start a lot cheaper a lot of times. I can test things out really, really fast. We can try a bunch of things. That's like the majority of where most of our traffic comes from. If you want to know where should I focus, where should my efforts be, it'd be mastering those two things. Am I humble yet accurate opinion? Just kidding. So that would be the first two. Now from there, as an entrepreneur, when I mastered these, not before because I don't want, the biggest thing I could talk about earlier, is that today? This is still the first day, right? Man. Like I talked about earlier today, just like when you are publishing your attractive character, right? Like you don't want to be in a million, I don't want to be doing Facebook and YouTube and if you have too much stuff, you're so spread out you can't do it. I talked about you have to have email and at least one of those other platforms to be focusing on. Advertising the same thing. These are the two core platforms you should be focusing on. Now after you've really figured these things out, you're successfully doing great with them. Now you can start dabbling into other things. The next ones I start looking at are like the banner ads, right? Like we showed you at the very beginning. Now I know what sites these people are on. Now let me buy banner ads on those sites as well. Where else do these people at? They're banner ads. So start moving into banner ads. The next thing after I do banner ads I might look at is YouTube. You're going to watch a video on YouTube and you cook, play and all this annoying commercial comes up and you're like, you're waiting, you're waiting, you're waiting. You can finally skip it and watch your video. I got friends making insane amounts of money doing YouTube ads like that. They find a video in their niche that's already getting millions and millions of views and they just buy the ad right on top of that video. We don't personally do that yet. We're going to start doing that soon. I would say that in my level of what I would focus on, that buy me number four is YouTube ads. You still do that YouTube? All the time. If you guys know watch videos and all of a sudden you click, I'm always excited. Hey kids come watch this video. Click play and there's an ad. I'm like, ugh. Yeah. And what's interesting right now, I believe, again, we're not doing these ads because I don't know exactly, but last I heard and they may have changed, I don't think they have yet though, is you only pay if somebody watches that entire thing. They watch five seconds of it and then click skip, you don't pay a penny. If you have a really quick ad or a quick call to action at the very beginning and someone watches and they skip through it, it's free. That's what my friends are doing. We're focusing so much right here that I don't want to divert attention and focus. Some of you guys, that may be your thing. YouTube might be your channel that you're in love with. Just like I'm in love with email. If that's the case, study and immerse have become awesome at that because it's not that complicated to figure out. You just got to go figure it out. YouTube, you got podcasts. Same thing. If you have ads in your space, you can go and buy sponsorships in people's podcasts. These are a bunch of juicing podcasts here. Finally, these guys find out how much to be sponsored and suddenly your ad can be shown up in all these different podcasts. His podcast might get 100,000 listeners. You might pay 300 bucks and your ad is in there. So those 100,000 people are all going to hear your 30-second little jingle, just like a radio show. There's a ton of different places to start buying ads. After you master these and start going through and you want to find out where else, where else, there's literally unlimited places. Twitter's another one that's hot right now. Anywhere that your market's at, you can buy ads. Because of that is why a lot of people never get successful. That's why the internet marketing world works so good. Everyone's selling the new hot product about the new cool way to get traffic. Every single day. It keeps happening, keeps happening, keeps happening. For my personal experience doing this for over a decade now, these are the two I would focus on initially. Master these two and then start picking out other ones when you want to. If not, maybe pick this on YouTube. Whatever one, you hate Facebook, but you like YouTube, maybe it's email and YouTube. These are the two corns I'd focus on and then all the rest of them. Don't get caught up in the shiny thing of like, oh great, Twitter's the hottest new thing in the world. Maybe it is, but until you master the fundamentals, don't focus on the new shiny object. Keep focusing on one thing at a time, then we can move in. I haven't done this in a decade now. I still haven't had time to venture into YouTube. I want to. It's a sexy, shiny thing. Everyone's talking about friends making millions on it. I'm like, that'd be so cool. I've got to focus on what I'm good at. Eventually I'll get to there, but not today. Hopefully this will help you guys when you're trying to make any decision on what you're investing in, other products people are selling. Look at that. In my business, do I need this right now? Why in the world is someone buying a huge traffic course if they don't have a product yet? Let's focus on your product. Then you can go buy your traffic course. Right now, let's focus on just the step that you need. That's the course that we wanted to cover today. Against days, the theme behind today was igniting. All the stuff you need to do is to get started on your business. If you look at what we covered so far, the first thing we talked about today, obviously it was a secret formula, kind of reverse engineering what you need to create to build the business of your lifestyle. We're going to take what you've got and how to really map that out to the point where we know exactly who we want, the people we want to be focusing on, how to get them and get them working with us. The second thing we talked about was the attractive character. Who here had some like, ah-ha's the attractive character, like, wow, that's really cool. I can just tweak my own personality and more people are going to come to me. That's a big part. I hope you guys took that to heart and really understood the power behind that because just changing how you present yourself will change how many people come to you all day long. I was talking to Joy about this during the break. Just changing your attractive character will give you the ability to double, triple, quadruple your prices. Just that little thing is crazy how much the perception of what people think you are and how much they'll pay for your time. That's the big part. Next, we talked about how to spend more than your competitor. We talked about building out a value ladder, having front ends, have back ends, having all these things. We have a business that we can actually spend money to drive traffic so we can break even on the front so we can build a list and so we can start making money. Then the last thing we talked about is just the concept behind traffic. She is going to understand how traffic is out there. All we have to do as entrepreneurs is find where that's at. We find out what email lists are on and we're buying ads. We find out where on Facebook they're hanging out and we're putting our message out in front of them. It comes back to the initial pitch we showed. The very first thing I showed when we started this is finding out where these people are at. I know what email lists are on. I know what Facebook groups are on. I know what websites, I know what YouTube videos they're watching. I know where they're at. Now I just got to throw my bait out there. Throw my bait out there and start pulling in my dream customers all day long. That makes sense, you guys. I know we covered a lot of stuff but it should really come down to this picture is it. This is like it in a nutshell. Everything can be done today in a nutshell. Who is the person I really, really want to work with? Where are those people at? What's the bait I need to get them and where do I want to take these guys after I get them? If nothing else today, that's the core I want you guys to really get out of this.