Just to give you a little different consulting perspective, this is from the last time I went and consulted with him and you'll find this in there somewhere. The best thing about his, the language I like best is this. Clients lie. It has been my experience that most clients lie to their doctor, lawyer, CPA, and consultants. They lie not by not telling the truth but rather by omission, leaving out something that may be really important. And so he goes through a whole wrap there about why you got to tell him everything, whether you like it or not. And then you have a whole collection of articles of mine over the years, just examples, because we talk so much about writing. Last two things you need to know is only because several people asked me to avoid, so there's no confusion. The influential writing workshop that I have talked to you about is not the same as the sales letter writing workshop. In fact, it has nothing to do with sales letters right so ever. It has to do with newsletters and books and white papers and special reports and all the other kind of materials that would be a part of a coaching or consulting business and making them persuasive and influential and impactful and good retention tools and good referral stimulation tools. But it is not about sales letters. And one is not a duplication of the other. Looks like it's almost a lock. We're going to do it. We're at 14 registered for that. So I'll keep you guys posted. The other thing I need to tell you is if you are not an information marketing association member, that's frankly not very bright. There's an enormous amount of business information, legal information. The number of you come up even now and ask me like legal stuff and contract stuff and that's really the purview of the association, not me. There's breakout programs for beginners and breakout programs for experienced people. The benefits are enormous. If you are not an IMA member, you ought to be an IMA member. Again, we do this at events. To give you guys a break, there's a two month free trial. So if you want to be an IMA member on a two month free trial basis, all you got to do is fill out the form. And if you want to get more information from somebody when we break, again, Robert raise your hands. Everybody knows who you are. Executive Director of the Association is here. If you're really serious about being in a coaching and consulting business, it's just not bright enough to be in the information marketing association. Okay, I'm going to do your two guys' questions. And then we're going to wrap this thing up. You. In a mastermind group, I have one group plus a waiting list. So I wait until I have two groups full and continue. And then I can still say I have a waiting list or do I really want two groups? Do I wait until I have two full groups and a waiting list or do I start my second group at some point? So your second group would be incomplete. Correct. How incomplete? All by a lot now, but I don't expect it to be a lot in a few months. I'd wait. Okay. You know, you don't want to get there because look, you have reversals, you have dropouts, you don't want to hurry it too much so that you have reputation issues. You know, you don't want to be visibly undermining your own message. So do the work that you can do to build that wait list so that it is at least close to, if not identical or surpassing, the number of seats you have. Yep. How do you feel about a client performance-based consulting agreement where they need to comply and reach a certain level of performance? That the fee goes on on a monthly basis until they do it. You know, so it's kind of a project basis, but you're not saying it's X dollars up front, so you're on the hook if they don't perform. In essence, they're still on the hook if they don't perform.