And so they want to hide. So one part of this is making it okay that they haven't done anything. The second thing is honestly acknowledging the fact that they haven't done anything. And the third is then making the whole program about fixing that. And so in boot camp letters, you'll start to see language of one of the best reasons to come is you haven't done anything. And this is a place to come and the light bulb goes on. And so this whole pitch is about that. This entire program is about implementation by those who have not implemented. On page 200, this is one of Craig Proctor's coaching pages. What's instructive about this in building value is that item number one and item number two and item number five, it's the same thing. There's only one thing there. But it's been described in three different ways, has three different values with three different numbers. And by separating one to five versus one to three, it even further confuses the issue. So it's stretching the number of things into greater value. The next page, I don't know, page 204 of Craig's, you'll find here a thing we don't do enough of, it's something you ought to be aware of, is diagramming your process, showing the things you're gonna do with them to them in pictorial form, little chart form, little diagram form, not just in copy form. Help some people understand stuff, grasp stuff that they wouldn't understand otherwise. I gave you Tom Orwens' current form. On 208, there's a great inadequacy. One at the bottom. For my current age and the total portfolio I'll need to amass, I am currently right on or ahead of track to retire to the life I've dreamed of at the age of chosen. How many people do you think are checking that puppy off? In need of a little better guidance and or annual profits. Not on track yet, hey, help. The vast majority are checking the third one, of course, and setting them up. Here's again the, on page 209, another version of the go down, mark off, how you're doing in all these areas. Oh geez, I'm not doing real well. I'm giving myself ones and twos instead of fives. So you'll find Tom's entire coaching application in there. There's a great inadequacy section on page 211. Check mark as many as apply. Every week on at least three different patients. I perform every week, I typically do. And so in most, in my career, I've placed more than 20. I am not yet comfortable placing. I'm confident placing. So again, they're reinforcing their own inadequacy. And on page 213, it's got a really good question there. What is the number one thing most likely to awaken you in the middle of the night in a cold sweat? Now he's closing his coaching enrollments one on one. So he is literally taking all the application information. He's preparing for the call in order to feed it back to them and tell them exactly how the coaching program is gonna deliver to them what they have themselves identified that they need and want most. So there's emotional commitment from filling out the application and there's information that he's actually using. I also put a J. Abraham questionnaire and therefore you're starting on 214. There's some interesting questions on it, but quite frankly, the most instructive thing about it is how simplistic and primitive it is compared to all the other ones that I have showed you and really how far ahead of the game of most that we are. I also put in a real oldie bit of goodie. Our whole old, you'll find a whole big section in there that starts with a page that looks like this. This thing is a monster to fill out. And you'll find it printed backwards and forwards and upside down because the one spouse fills it out from the front to back, the other spouse fills it out from the back to the front. And it's a whole thick section of pages in your notebook. You can spend your time with it at your leisure, but they had to fill this out before they were allowed to purchase. And there's some really interesting questions in there. And again, the emotional commitment, by the time two people have taken all the time to fill that entire thing out, they bought.