And some of them I won't say anything about. You can pour through them at your leisure. Some of them I'll make as quick comments as I can about the things I would like to call to your attention about these things. This is the, you know, mouse, squirrel, rabbit letter. This goes back to the first time I sold tele-seminars, which I then sold individually priced prior to doing tele-coaching. So this is like a lift letter from the mouse to the sales letter about the tele-seminars. This is from 2000 to 2001, I think. And then the tele-seminar sales letter immediately follows it. And I guess what I would call to your attention about this letter is a bigger lesson. And that is that you really have two sort of basic choices about commanding people's attention, especially those to whom you sell things to regularly or who you have in chapters or you have in coaching groups or whatever. You either have to have a first time ever or a last time ever. Anything less is not particularly exciting. So your challenge is to figure out how everything can be a history and making event, which is the language we used to use in the Talboton days. I mean, how everything is new, it's improved, it's never been available before. This is the first time we've ever offered this. It's the first time we've ever done it this way. It's the first time we've ever offered this pricing. It's the first time we've offered this edition. Or it's gotta be the only and last time this is available this way or at this price or to this number of people. And so if you pay close attention, of course, to everything that we do, almost everything is either a first or a last. There's, on the next page of this letter, and we've done it, I mean, this goes back to 2000. We've done it as recently as last year's super conference. The relevant paragraphs at the bottom, the tele-seminar topics were chosen based on input from hundreds of inner circle members. Well, what that language is about is obligation. It's about, you told us what you wanted, we build it, now you're kind of a, if you don't buy it, we build it for you, this is what you wanted. So that language is about obligation, and you will see a version of it occur again and again and again and again. There's a piece, a few pages over, I have it as 121 through 128. I'm not sure if that's correct or not, but it's the, I voted myself off the island letter. This was when Survivor was just kicking in. So the voted off the island was a very current and topical reference. You will see big news, I mean, all through here. Again, it's gotta be first, last, it's gotta be something new. There's a supply and demand limitation right in the subhead. There's a qualification language about who this is for, this new personal coaching program, exclusively for individuals committed to multiplying their incomes, achieving a high six or seven figure, et cetera, et cetera. There's the stampede kind of language, thousands are getting the same invitation, and it's an application cell. It required them to fill out an application in order to be considered. The application, of course, literally included in order form. What's the next thing I wanna show you? You'll find on page 133, and I give you several versions of these, here's a coaching group application. And what you should know about these sorts of devices is that their main jobs are to do the following. Involvement and demonstrate inadequacy. So by involvement, I mean, if you can actually get somebody to take the time to fill out a four page, eight page, 10 page, 12 page for in Orin's case, 46 page, I think application, their emotional commitment to goodbye is literally growing by the number of minutes they're spending filling out the damn application.