Oprah Traffic:
Oprah Traffic Method
About the Oprah Traffic Method:
System Description: I call this The Oprah Method because it’s
best used for hot topics that are just now happening, like when
Oprah recommends a new book or diet. You aren’t limited to
Oprah though. It can be your local news, a new movie or a con-
cert coming to town.
Required Skills: No previous skillset is required, but the ability to
quickly identify hot new trends in the marketplace is a must. The abil-
ity to do keyword research and good writing ability are also a plus.
System Checklist:
Step 1: Identify a Hot Trend, Video 1
1. Listen to what Oprah is talking about on her show.
2. Follow local and national news for big stories.
3. Follow local and national events.
4. Research keywords that people might look up.
Step 2: Write an Article About the Topic, Video 2
1. Write a keyword rich article about the topic.
2. Include an affiliate link to all the products or
services you mention and for related products.
3. Include a resource box at the end of your article
Weekly Action Plan:
Day 1 Task Checklist:
Watch for hot topics you can
write about.
Write an article about a cur-
rent trend.
Day 2 Task Checklist:
Submit your article to Web
2.0 sites.
Submit your story to Mixx.
com, Digg.com, Propeller.
com and ShoutWire.com
Make a Weebly page, Squi-
doo Lens and Hubpage out
of your article.
Submit to RSS directories.
Day 3 Task Checklist:
Create the audio and video
version of your article by
reading the text aloud.

-- 1 of 2 --

driving readers back to your website.
Step 3: Blast Your Article Out to Hundreds of Web 2.0
Sites, Video 3
1. Register for each Web 2.0 site.
2. Use the free software found at: http://articlesubmit-
ter.imwishlist.com to automatically send your article
to all the Web 2.0 sites you registered for.
3. Take your article and create a Squidoo Lens, Hub-
page and Weebly page.
Step 4: Share Your Content, Video 4
1. Submit your story to Mixx.com, ShoutWire.com,
Digg.com and Propeller.com.
2. For each include a title, link, description and tags.
Step 5: RSS Submit, Video 6
1. Use RSS Submit to submit your RSS Feed to all
directories or do this by hand
Step 6: Recycle the Content, Video 5
1. Turn your article into an audio and then the audio
into video. Submit them to podcast directories and
video sharing sites.
Step 5: Wait for Your Article to Get Ranked in Google
1. If you did everything right, then you will have over
100 possibilities at a first page Google ranking. All
you need is for 10 of those sites to rank on the first
page and you have dominated that keyword!
System Checklist:	Weekly Action Plan:
Submit the audio and video
version of your article to
video sharing sites and pod-
cast directories.
Day 4 Task Checklist:
Watch for your results.
Start over on Day 1.
Day 5 Task Checklist:
Continue process with Day
2 tasks.
Article Submission:
http://articlesubmitter.
imwishlist.com
Oprah.com:
Find out what Oprah is go-
ing to talk about in advance
so you can have your Web 2.0
sites ready before her fans hit
the net.
Resources:

-- 2 of 2 --

