Affiliate Traffic:
Joint Ventures
About Joint Ventures:
System Description: Joint venture marketing is powerful. It is
working together with another business to advance the promo-
tion or sale of a product.
Required Skills: Either the product owner or Affiliate Man-
ager can help coordinate joint venture deals with other business
owners. You need to be personable and respectful of others.
System Checklist:
Step 1: Thank You Pages, Video 3
1. Contact a product owner who has a product cur-
rently selling, or about to launch a new product.
2. Let the product owner know about your product, then
ask if you can get your product on their thank you page.
3. If they say yes, then get them an affiliate link or
banner ad that has their affiliate link embedded in
it and watch for sales.
Step 2: Research Joint Ventures, Video 1
1. In Google, type in keywords related to your product.
2. Look at the top sites that come up that are related
to your product.
Weekly Action Plan:
Day 1 Task Checklist:
Find three to five new prod-
uct owners in your niche.
Contact them to see if you
can give them an affiliate
link to put on their thank
you page.
Day 2 Task Checklist:
Search for potential joint
venture partners who are
building a list.
Keep track of their contact
information on an Excel
spreadsheet.
Day 3 Task Checklist:
Search for potential joint ven-
ture partners who are building
a list.
Keep track of their contact

-- 1 of 2 --

3. Look to see if they are building a list, and find con-
tact information. Approach them to promote your
products via e-mail, blog post, Thank You page or by
adding your product to their autoresponder series.
4. Make sure that you do some research before you call
or e-mail and be creative when asking for their help.
You don’t want them to feel like it’s all about you.
Step 3: Identify Possible Joint Venture Partners, Video 1
1. Go to google and research keywords.
2. When you get to a site, look around and see how
they are marketing. For example, do they have a
blog or are they building a list?
3. Go to www.Alexa.com and download the Alexa Toolbar.
4. After it is downloaded, go back to the page you were
looking at previously and right click on the toolbar.
5. Click on “site overview.”
6. This information shows you the traffic rank, trends
and other contact information of the site.
7. If the site has a traffic rank of less than 80,000 they have
good traffic and might be a great joint venture partner.
8. Contact the partner and let them know that you are
interested in working together.
System Checklist:	Weekly Action Plan :
Joint Venture Research:
www.DomainTools.com
www.Alexa.com
www.Google.com
Resources:
information on an Excel
spreadsheet.
Day 4 Task Checklist:
Use Google and the Alexa
Toolbar to research possible
Joint Venture partners.
Keep track of their contact
information on an Excel
spreadsheet.
Day 5 Task Checklist:
Contact the potential joint
venture partners you found
to see if you can strike a
deal.
Tips for Making the Most of This Traffic System:
Be respectful when contacting potential joint venture partners. Re-
member that they are most likely extremely busy, and value their
time. Research their site and know specific information about them.
Not only business relationships can grow from joint ventures but
lifelong friendships can also happen. Offer to help them with some-
thing first. Get to live events and meet them in person.

-- 2 of 2 --

