Traffic Arbitrage:
Search Campaign
About Search Campaigns:
System Description: Driving quality traffic with pay per click begins
with proper campaign and adgroup structuring. This system will fo-
cus on how to structure your search campaigns and adgroups. Cam-
paign settings, ad writing, bidding strategies and research tactics are
all outlined in this system to maximize your paid search traffic.
Required Skills: Basic computer and internet skills, ability to
follow instructions, can organize and sort information, monitor
and fine tune campaigns, adgroups and keywords.
System Checklist:
Step 1: Search Campaign Structuring, Video 1
Action Steps:
1. Login to your preferred advertising account (Google).
2. Create a new search campaign using the most broad
keyword for your industry or niche – label that cam-
paign “keyword keyword – search.”
3. From your keyword list group keywords by root words
4. Create new adgroups for each of your keyword groups.
Step 2: Keyword Research, Refer to Keyword Research
Video and Supplement
Weekly Action Plan:
Day 1 Task Checklist:
Keyword research.
Create new search campaign
and adgroups.
Complete steps one and two.
Day 2 Task Checklist:
Keyword research.
Write three ads for each
adgroup.
Adjust campaign settings.
Day 3 Task Checklist:
Review adgroups and ads.
Activate ads.
Day 4 Task Checklist:
Monitor ads and keywords.

-- 1 of 2 --

Action Steps:
1. Review and follow the steps outlined in the keyword
research supplement.
Step 3: Writing Search Ads, Video 2
Action Steps:
1. Ad writing concept: attention, interest, decision, ac-
tion (AIDA).
2. Ad structure for search – use the keywords for each
ad group - this will help with quality score.
3. Plug as many of the root keyword into the headline.
4. Provide a feature/benefit in the first description.
5. Make a call to action in the second description.
6. Add a keyword to the end of the display URL.
Step 4: A/B Split Testing, Video 3
Action Steps:
1. This requires three ads for each ad group.
2. Write the first ad – this is your control.
3. Replace the headline in the second ad.
4. Write the third ad with the same headline as the first
but with different description one and two lines.
5. The display URL will remain constant in all ads.
Step 5: Search Campaign Settings, Video 4
Action Steps:
1. Select the right campaign settings.
2. Budgets – this is a daily number, choose whatever
you are comfortable spending on a daily basis.
3. Uncheck the content boxes for your search campaigns.
4. To enable A/B split testing, select rotate ads evenly.
5. Be sure to target additional countries.
System Checklist:
Adwords Editor:
http://www.google.com/
adwordseditor/index.html
Weekly Action Plan:
Keyword research.
Day 5 Task Checklist:
Monitor ads and keywords.
Prune low performing key-
words.
Adjust bid prices.
Resources:
The initial campaign and ad-
group set up is critical to your
overall pay per click market-
ing success. Be sure to take
the time to properly structure
your advertising accounts
because this will benefit you
in the long run.
Quick Tip:

-- 2 of 2 --

