Traffic Arbitrage:
Placement Targeting
About Placement Targeting:
System Description: Driving highly targeted traffic with pay
per click starts with placement targeting. This system will focus
on how to structure your placement campaigns and adgroups.
Campaign settings, ad writing, bidding strategies and research
tactics are all outlined in this system to maximize your paid
placement targeting traffic. After completion of this system you
should have a placement targeting campaign driving traffic to
your website.
Required Skills: Necessary skills required include basic comput-
er and internet skills, ability to follow instructions, can organize
and sort information, research websites using Google and other
search engines, monitor and fine tune campaigns, adgroups and
keywords.
System Checklist:
Step 1: Placement Campaign Structuring, Video 3
Action Steps:
1. Login to your preferred advertising account (Google).
2. Create a new campaign, select start with placement.
Using the most broad keyword for your industry
or niche, label that campaign “keyword keyword –
placement.”
Weekly Action Plan:
Day 1 Task Checklist:
URL research.
Create new placement cam-
paign and adgroups.
Complete steps one and two.
Day 2 Task Checklist:
URL research.
Write three ads for each
adgroup.
Adjust campaign settings.
Day 3 Task Checklist:
Review adgroups and ads.
Activate ads.
Day 4 Task Checklist:
Monitor ads and URLs.

-- 1 of 3 --

3. Create a new adgroup. Title this adgroup the same
as the campaign name.
4. Copy and paste the URLs from your list and add to
the adgroup.
Step 2: Finding Placements with Google, Video 2
Action Steps:
1. Browse by category.
2. Describe topics – enter your industry or other com-
plimentary niches to yours.
3. List URLs – enter the websites you would like to
advertise on. These may be websites that you have
ran across doing other banner and keyword research.
4. Select demographics.
Step 3: Researching Sites to Target, Video 1
Action Steps:
1. Begin searching for your most common keywords in
Google.
2. Look at the organic listings (not the sponsored
listings) click on the top one and look for Adsense
above the fold.
3. Copy and paste the URL into an excel document.
4. Repeat over and over again, building a large list of
potential URL placements.
5. Use a combination of your list and the list Google
generates using your keywords to target websites.
Step 4: Writing Placement Ads, Video 4
Action Steps:
1. Ad writing concept: attention, interest, decision, ac-
tion (AIDA).
System Checklist:
Adwords Editor:
http://www.google.com/
adwordseditor/index.html
Weekly Action Plan:
URL research.
Day 5 Task Checklist:
Monitor ads and URLs.
Prune low performing URLs.
Adjust bid prices.
Resources:

-- 2 of 3 --

2. Ad structure for content – use creativity to draw atten-
tion, keywords and relevancy are not important here.
3. Use an attention grabber in the headline. Ask a
question, call out to your target (hey you…), use
shock and awe tactics.
4. Present an irresistible offer in the first description
line – create interest.
5. Make a call to action in the second description – sell
the click, challenge them.
6. Add a keyword to the end of the display URL.
Step 5: A/B Split Testing, Video 5
Action Steps:
1. This will require that three ads are written for each
ad group.
2. Write the first ad – this is your control.
3. Write the second ad the same as the first only
changing the headline.
4. Write the third ad with the same headline as the
first but with different description one and two lines.
5. The display URL will remain constant throughout
all three ads.
Step 6: Placement Targeting Campaign Settings, Video 6
Action Steps:
1. Select the right campaign settings.
2. Budgets – this is a daily number, choose whatever
you are comfortable spending on a daily basis.
3. When running a placement targeting campaign be
sure to uncheck the search boxes.
4. To enable A/B split testing you must select rotate
ads evenly.
5. Be sure to target additional countries.
System Checklist:	Quick Tip:
Campaign Setup:
The initial campaign and
adgroup set up is critical to
your overall pay per click
marketing success. Be sure
to take the time to properly
structure your advertising
accounts because this will
benefit you in the long run.

-- 3 of 3 --

