Bonus System:
Copywriting
About Copywriting:
System Description: This is a system for creating a profit-pull-
ing sales letter. It follows the proven template (found online in
the member’s section) you can modify for your own product or
business.
Required Skills: The employee needs to have a basic under-
standing of copywriting or at least decent writing experience.
The templates were designed for anyone who’s a good writer to
write a decent sales letter; however, it’s preferable for the writer
to have copywriting experience.
System Checklist:
Step 1: Initial Research, Video 1
1. Who is your target market?
2. How sophisticated is your audience - or how many
ads?
3. What are your “trigger” words in your copy?
4. What problem are you trying to solve or desire
you’re trying to fulfill?
Step 2: Unique Sales Proposition Offer, Video 2
1. What makes your product unique from other people?
Action Plan:
Creating a Plan:
Writing sales letters and
squeeze pages is a creative
process, so make sure to leave
enough time to be able to
throroughly think through the
questions in this checklist.

-- 1 of 5 --

2. Do you have an irresistible offer?
Step 3: Fleshing Out Your Story, Video 3
1. What is your “attractive character?”
2. What problem is your story going to agitate?
3. What solution does your story provide?
4. Is the story less than 500 words long?
Step 4: Inserting the Proof, Video 4
1. Do you have testimonials, case studies, screenshots,
demonstrations?
2. Do you have any expert recommendations/celebrity
endorsements?
3. Are you able to make the case before a judge (if
you’re a lawyer) that your product works?
4. Are you able to get PROOF before you write your letter?
Step 5: Outline of a Sales Letter (an Overview of the Sales
Letter Template), Video 5
1. Do you fully understand the outline before you start
writing?
2. Do you have a swipe file of 5 ads from your niche?
Step 6: Writing Your Headline, Video 6
1. Did you consider what your target audience is going
through when they come across your ad…when you
wrote your headline?
Step 7: Finish Your Headline, Prehead and Subhead, Video 7
1. Did You Write 25 headlines before choosing the
System Checklist:	Recommended Books:
Copywriting Books:
Web Copy That Sells by
Maria Veloso
Ogilvy on Advertising by
David Ogilvy
Kick-Ass Secrets of a
Marketing Rebel by John
Carlton

-- 2 of 5 --

one you want to use?
2. Does your headline have specificity?
3. Did you put your hook/uniqueness in your headline?
4. Did you use the swipe file to create a decent headline?
5. Does your headline have ‘trigger words” for your market?
Step 8: Writing Your Introduction, Video 8
1. Did you get right to the point at the beginning of
your sales letter?
2. Did you have a salutation?
Step 9: Writing Your Story - Agitate the Problem and Pro-
vide the Solution, Video 9
1. Did you use “trigger words” the prospect will relate to?
2. Did you write in a conversational manner—as if
you’re talking to a friend in person?
3. Did you just focus on the benefits and not introduce
the product?
Step 10: Writing Your Offer, Video 10
1. Did you describe your offer as much as possible
without being “wordy?”
2. Did you transition from your story to the offer correctly?
Step 11: Writing Your Bullets, Video 11
1. Are your bullets “benefit based”?
2. Do you have at least 8-10 bullets for your product?
Step 12: Writing Your Value Builder, Video 12
1. Did you compare the cost of your product/service to oth-
System Checklist:	Quick Tips:
Sleep On It:
Let your first draft sit for
three days, then revisit it
again and fill in the blanks.
Make a Swipe File:
Make use of your swipe file
so you don’t have to come up
with every single idea to put
in your letter.

-- 3 of 5 --

ers that give the same benefits? (without naming names)
2. Did you say how much your product costs?
3. Did you compare the price of your product to everyday
things (coffee, Starbucks, magazines, DVD rentals?) and
how money is better spent on your product?
4. Did you create a table showing people the value
they’re getting in this offer?
Step 13: Inserting Your Bonuses and Testimonials, Video 13
1. Do you have 2-3 bonuses added onto your product?
2. Are the bonuses related or complement your product?
3. Did you describe the benefits of your bonus in a
good paragraph?
4. Did you assign a value to each bonus?
Step 14: Creating an Order Page, Video 14
1. Do you have a checkbox with a “Yes (insert
name)…” headline that captures people’s attention?
2. Did you list everything the customer is getting?
3. Do you have an obvious order button?
4. Do you have payment options listed on your order form?
5. Have you tested your order process with a friend/
family member to make sure it’s not confusing?
6. Is the price prominent on the page?
Step 15: Closing the Sale, Video 15
1. Do you have at least 4-5 call to actions (embedded
and by themselves)?
2. Is the last sentence in your letter a call-to-action?
3. Did you recap the benefits of your offer through an
either/or statement?
System Checklist:	Resources:
Salesletter to Emulate:
The One Legged Golfer by
John Carlton
http://www.ohpdirect.com/
pro.php?sku=772G
DotCom Secrets Apprentice
Program by Kevin Hill
http://membershipsite.
dotcomsecrets.com/welcome.
php
If you don’t already have
a swipe file, start one with
these sales letter and then
add more as you research.

-- 4 of 5 --

4. Did you go to vletter.com and obtain a digital signa-
ture to sign your graphic?
Step 16: Writing a P.S., Video 16
1. Do you have at least 1 P.S. that recaps your offer to
catch the attention of your scanners?
Step 17: Writing Subheads, Video 17
1. Do you have a subhead calling out the pain from
your story?
2. Do you have a subhead calling out the solution from
your story?
3. Do you have a subhead dividing each section from
each outline?
4. Are your subheads easy to find when scanning
down a page?
5. Can you get an idea of what the sales letter is selling
when you read just the subheads?
Step 18: Writing a Squeeze Page With the Squeeze Page
Template, Video 18
1. Is the headline the same as your sales page?
2. Do you have at least 4-5 bullets?
3. Do you have an obvious opt-in form?
4. Do you have an “irresistible bribe”?
5. Are you testing a longer squeeze page?
System Checklist:	Quick Tips:
Learn From the Pros:
Handwrite the “One Legged
Golfer” letter to get the flow
and rhythm of well-written
copy.
Test, Test, Test:
Always test 3 headlines so
you can increase conver-
sions. You can also test other
elements of the copy (intros,
value builders, etc.)

-- 5 of 5 --

