www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 1 of 13 --

2 | Issue No. 6
By Russell Brunson, the Overnight Success Maker
You may have recently heard me talk on my podcasts or
periscopes about “Funnel Stacking.” This is the concept of
pushing people from funnel to funnel through an action
funnel inside of Actionetics. When we did our book launch,
our funnel stack took people from book funnel, to webinar
funnel to high ticket funnel.
While I love that stack (free plus shipping => webinar =>
high ticket application), I think I may have found one I like
even more! In fact I’m even going to start calling this the
Ultimate Funnel Stack and you’ll likely see me using it a
lot
over the next year.
It’s actually based on a funnel that I haven’t used as much in
my career: The Product Launch Funnel. Yes, I’ve done way
too many product launches, and I’ve been friends with Jeff
Walker for almost a decade - yet, I’ve rarely done a product
launch the way he does his.
Here is the basic concept: you take your sales message, and
you break it up into four videos. Jeff calls this a “sideways
sales letter.” People optin to see video one, then a few days
later you give them video two, then video three. On video
four, you sell your product.
I love the idea of the “sideways sales letter” but always
struggled with
what I would put in each video. I had
a content template that I used a few times in the past
with some results (in fact, I shared that script in the
DotComSecrets book) but, unlike other funnels that I had
Jeff Walker’s Product Launch Formula
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 2 of 13 --

DotComSecrets Labs | 3
funnel STACK
mastered, I just wasn’t in love with it yet.
Then, as we started planning the “Click Funnels 2.0 Launch”
– I really wanted to do a product launch funnel, but I didn’t
know what to put in the four videos. I spent days trying to
script them out, and figure out a cool new way to promote
and sell Click Funnels. I threw away four or five scripts and
then almost gave up.
I was so frustrated because we had sold 10,000 accounts
with a simple message that I normally deliver during a
webinar funnel... and
that’s when it hit me!
The webinar pitch!
It was
already done
and it was
already proven, and it didn’t
take much to tweak my perfect webinar format and put it
into the product launch “sideways salesletter” format!
Yes, I took the three secrets and the stack, and those became
As we started planning the “Click Funnels 2.0 Launch” – I
really wanted to do a product launch funnel, but I didn’t
know what to put in the four videos... I was so frustrated
because we had sold 10,000 accounts with a simple
message that I normally deliver during a webinar funnel...
and that’s when it hit me -
the webinar pitch!”
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 3 of 13 --

4 | Issue No. 6
the four videos!!! (
Note: If you haven’t gone through the
perfect webinar script yet, you can get a free copy at www.
PerfectWebinarSecrets.com).
The more I thought about it, the more I realized that the
perfect webinar template is also the perfect product launch
funnel template! I just had to make videos teaching the same
information I teach on the webinar in a cool and unique way
that is fun to watch.
Let me show you the process so far (as I write this, we are in the
middle of the launch, so some of the pages are coming soon)!
Registration Page:
So far after three days, it’s converting awesome! I know, I
know – I didn’t setup a split test on this page (shame on me)
but had a
lot of craziness during this launch and just wasn’t
able to get one done in time – luckily it’s converting pretty
awesome so far! Here are a few cool things to note on the
registration page:
1. 	My big hook is giving away a funnel (I will do this
over
and
over and
over again in the next 12 months).
2. 	I gave a fun bonus during the live launch to have a free
“funnel makeover” by me. This is because to close out
the launch we’re going to draw a winner and then build
out their funnel live. We will likely pull that out when we
make this funnel evergreen.
3. 	When they register for the funnels and training, they also
get a
free ticket to the ‘Funnel Hacks’ virtual workshop
(AKA my funnel hacks webinar).
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 4 of 13 --

DotComSecrets Labs | 5
funnel STACK
53%OveRall cOnveRSiOn Rate
On the RegiStRatiOn page
thRee dayS afteR launching
peOple whO RegiSteRed fOR
the fRee tRaining Out Of
18,742 tOtal viSitORS
9,947
ClickFunnels 2.0 Registration Page
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 5 of 13 --

6 | Issue No. 6
4. 	They see screenshots of the four videos in the series.
Video one teaches funnel hacking, which is secret one from
the webinar. Video two teaches funnel cloning, video three
my traffic hack, and video four is me doing the pitch (with
the stack and everything!).
Also, when people signup, I also subscribe them to a live
webinar, and on that webinar I will also be doing my normal
webinar pitch that already closes 15 percent of those who
watch it.
Note: this is the funnel stack. I’m doing a product
launch funnel, stacked with a webinar funnel. I believe the
blend of these two is the
ultimate stack!
Content Pages:
On the content pages, I did a few important things that I
wanted to make sure you didn’t miss.
1. 	At the top I had the teaser screenshots for the future
episodes.
2. 	I tried to make the videos fun in different locations that
would be interesting to watch.
3. 	Just like the webinar funnel, I like to get people to test
drive the free two week trial under each video. I look at
every touch with my audience as another opportunity to
give them a free trial.
4. 	I have a comments section and try to get people to
comment to build up the social proof.
5. 	I give away funnels using “share funnels” – when anyone
clicks on those buttons, it will give them a two week trial
if they don’t already have a Click Funnels account.
6. 	I try to get everyone to start following me on
Periscope. (
Note: I’m not someone who jumps on most
new marketing channels, but I feel like this is the best,
most direct channel that I’ve used since email, so I’m
putting a
lot of time and energy into building that
channel).
Registration Page Conversions After First Three Days
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 6 of 13 --

DotComSecrets Labs | 7
funnel STACK
ClickFunnels 2.0 Content Page
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 7 of 13 --

You do not have resell rights or giveaway rights to any portion of this Publication. Only customers that have purchased this publication are authorized to view it. This publication
contains material protected under International and Federal Copyright Laws and Treaties. No part of this publication may be transmitted or reproduced in any way without the prior written
permission of the author. Violations of this copyright will be enforced to the full extent of the law.
The information services and resources provided in this book are based upon the current internet marketing environment. The techniques presented have been extraordinarily
lucrative and rewarding. Because the internet is constantly changing, the sites and services presented in this book may change, cease or expand with time. We hope that the skills and
knowledge acquired from this course will provide you with the ability to adapt to inevitable internet evolution. However, we cannot be held responsible for changes that may affect the
applicability of these techniques.
Any earnings, income statements or other results, are based on our own testing and are only estimates of what we think you could earn. There is no assurance you will do as
well as stated in any examples. If you rely upon any figures provided, you must accept the entire risk of not doing as well as the information provided.
Screenshots in this book are from publicly accessible field archives. All product names, logos and artwork are copyrights of their respective owners. None of the owners have
sponsored or endorsed this publication. While all attempts have been made to verify information provided, the author assumes no responsibility for errors, omissions, or contrary
interpretation on the subject matter herein. Any perceived slights of peoples or organizations are unintentional. The purchaser or reader of this publication assumes responsibility for
the use of these materials and information. No guarantees of income are made. The author reserves the right to make changes and assumes no responsibility or liability whatsoever on
behalf of any purchaser or reader of these materials.
Legal Disclaimer And Terms Of Use
Copyright 2015 © SuccessEtc.com, LLC - All Rights Reserved
The Ultimate Funnel Stack
I never feel comfortable letting one funnel do the selling. I
know that people learn, consume and buy through different
modalities. So I like to show people the offer in multiple ways.
So, instead of just letting the Product Launch funnel do
everything, each step in that funnel is pushing people to
register for the webinar. Then that webinar will follow the
perfect webinar script (similar to the launch videos, but
delivered in a different way).
Some people will only watch the product launch funnel
videos... some people will only see the webinar... and some
people will see both. But
everyone who buys, will see one of
them, so that’s why I use both methods to sell in this funnel.
I’ll share sales stats when the launch is over in a future issue,
but the core thing I really want you thinking about is
how you
can stack multiple funnels together to get ultimate results!
ClickFunnels Webinar
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 8 of 13 --

Mike Caldwell, 	Inner CIrCle
DCS SuCCeSS
Q: Can you tell us a little about your business,
why you started and how long you’ve been
an entrepreneur?
A: I’ve been an entrepreneur for 15 years. Prior to that I was a
firefighter and helicopter paramedic. In 2002, I purchased an
abandoned sawmill and, doing all the work myself, converted
it to our home and business center. Since then I have hosted
weddings, corporate team building events, trail and snowshoe
races, and outdoor education camps for youth.
In 2012, I started using an MLM product called Isagenix. I had
no interest in the business side of the MLM, but my wife and
I loved the products so I told my friends about them. Before I
knew it I was awarded one of Isagenix’ highest recognitions,
Crystal Executive. Three years later, I had long stopped “doing
the business” but I was still earning $300 each and every week
in residual income.
I figured if I was doing that well putting in zero effort, what
were the possibilities if I actually
worked the business? So I
joined Ignite to help me recruit and build my team online.
During my Decade in a Day call with Russell, he learned that
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 9 of 13 --

was asked to work with another bootcamp gym in California.
This gym had previously hired an online marketer but after
three months had nothing to show for it. They had agreed on
paying that company $3,500 for a website, and so I agreed to
build them a funnel for the same price.
At that point I asked myself “What would Russell do?” and
answered that Russell would
over deliver.
So, although not part of the original contract, I flew down
to California to meet the owners and learn about the gym. I
stayed a week and while I was there I met the clients, filmed
the gym and testimonials from the members.
Before I left, I had edited and finished our landing page
testimonial. I also hacked the funnel of one of the region’s
most successful gyms and before I left California, I had a
funnel online for my clients to see and critique. Within a three
week period I had flown to California, created a campaign
and offer, filmed and edited member testimonials, built and
polished a funnel, established and integrated Stripe, Aweber
and Wufoo accounts and launched a Facebook campaign.
In the first month of doing business with this gym I was given
a $10/day advertising budget. During that month we had
35 people take advantage of our $49 three week trial offer.
That equated to $1,715 on the front end. The upsell is a $99/
month, six month contract ($594). In the first month they had
16 people sign up for this membership, resulting in $9,504 in
additional income. This is a combined total of $11,219 of gross
revenue on $300 in Facebook advertising.
Achieving results like this makes it impossible
not to pursue
building funnels for other business owners!
Q: What is your favorite way to find new clients?
A: Right now word of mouth is my biggest road to new clients.
So far this gym has referred a back care clinic, a swimming
lesson pool, a coffee shop, and a home security company to me.
But I feel I have found my niche with the small bootcamp
style gyms. I understand how the gym works and I know what
people are looking for. I’ve done three months of Facebook
testing and split testing and I know what our target audience
is looking for.
selling Isagenix wasn’t a passion of mine and I wasn’t really
motivated by money. Knowing that I lived a full-on, off grid
lifestyle, Russell recommended that I develop an online “off
the grid” business, stating the survival niche was one of the
fastest growing markets on the internet today.
So I built out an online course, and Christian and I built my
off grid funnel. John Parkes taught me how to advertise on
Facebook and in quick order I was driving traffic to the funnel
like crazy. But the funnel flopped... Total, 100 percent floppage...
But word got out that, in John Parkes words, I was a “Facebook
Marketing Ninja,” and a few people contacted me for help
with their Facebook campaigns.
Q: What made you decide to start building
funnels for other business owners?
A: I was hired by a fellow Clickfunneler to create a Facebook
campaign for a boutique gym that was in dire financial straits
and circling the drain. A funnel had already been created, and
all they needed was traffic.
But after a week of driving traffic to the funnel we still had no
conversions. So I offered to redesign and rebrand the funnel
for free. Once I did that we immediately scored some sign ups.
Unfortunately, it was too late for that gym to be saved.
But after seeing the funnel and Facebook campaign I created, I
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 10 of 13 --

I have a video testimonial from the gym owners, explaining
how I was able to help them enroll one client per day in their
first thirty days and how they turned $300 in Facebook ads
into $10,380 in gross revenue (I rounded everything down,
because I wanted to show conservative numbers). My plan is
to leverage this testimonial to build a base of gym clients.
But right now I have built a funnel that focuses solely on
potential gym clients. There is a welcome video there ala
“Russell Brunson,” the video testimonial from my clients, and
an application to work with me ala DotComSecrets Ignite.
My first campaign is a SendOut Cards campaign. I’m currently
going through the California gym Groupons and will send
selected gyms a card and 2 brownies. Essentially the card will
say “if you think these brownies are sweet, how sweet would
Main Website
www.10dto10k.com
Personal Motto
If it can be done, it can be
done by me.
age
46
HoMetoWn
Quebec, Canada
incoMe earned building Funnels:
$6,500 in first 2.5 months
+ projected earnings of $23,500
or more in the next couple weeks
VISIon BoarD:
it be to turn $300 in FB advertising into $10,380 in revenue in
the next month?”
I plan to work exclusively with one gym per city. The
monetization plan is to build them a funnel, but the bulk of
the income will come from the Facebook marketing campaign
continuity plan.
Q: How have Russell and DotComSecrets
helped your business grow?
A: Russell and DCS have showed me what is possible. My
goal is to retire my wife from her government services job and
for me to work fewer than 80 hours per week. We both have
horses and we both want more time to ride. I enjoy hosting
weddings, and races, and youth groups, and although they
are big ticket items, they are a lot of work.
I liked being a firefighter and paramedic because those jobs
allowed me to help people, but I hated working nights and
I’m not good at taking orders. The tools Russell and DCS have
given me now allow me to help people from the comfort of
my laptop. The gym I’m working with is on track to bring in
over $150,000 in additional income this year. That money is
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 11 of 13 --

Join Inner Circle members like Mike by applying
online at http://ignite.dotcomsecrets.com
going to be used to improve the quality of life for the families
of the gym owners.
Directly speaking Russell taught me how to hack a funnel.
Hacking a successful funnel is what allowed my funnel to be
successful. Christian and Russell in the Ignite program taught
me the mechanics and design of funnel building. John Parkes
taught me how to optimize my Facebook ads. Clickfunnels
allows a guy like me who can’t change the ringtone on my
phone to create high end, high quality funnels. And Russell’s
DotCom Secrets book provides a detailed step-by-step
roadmap to success.
Indirectly, DCS and the Ignite program has introduced me to
some incredible, intelligent, innovative, like-minded people that
constantly push me to do better. It’s probably the relationships
that I have built through the DCS programs (Ignite Certification)
that I value the most. One of my connections has shared my
success with a digital marketer in the UK who has expressed an
interest in licensing my “system” from me.
To be honest, I don’t know what that means or if anything will
come of it, I just think it’s cool that it’s a possibility!
Q: How has your life changed since you
started working for yourself?
A: I have worked for myself for a decade and a half now.
What happened when I started working for myself was that
I started working many more hours! But the thing is, none of
those hours really feel like work at all. I do what I do because
I love to do it. I love the challenges and finding outside-the-
box solutions.
And despite the longer hours, I have much more freedom. I
don’t have to book vacation time. If I’m a little too stressed out
at noon, I can just head outside and go for a ride on my horse.
Life is definitely more stressful being self-employed as there is
no safety net. But I think I actually like the adrenaline that self-
employment brings.
Q: Can you share a favorite accomplishment
you’ve made as a business owner?
A: In regard to my funnel building business, my greatest
accomplishment has been the smiles I’ve put on my clients’
faces. Just watch the testimonial video and you’ll see the
smiles never leave.
They owned a gym that was basically on life support for eight
years. They say themselves that the engine was running, but
just at idle. Now the gas pedal is deployed and their business
is taking off.
The future of these two gym owners drastically changed just
in the first month I worked with them. Before they stressed
about how they were going to make rent. Now there is talk
about not just opening another, but many more gyms.
So my favorite accomplishment is definitely having such a
positive impact on these two men.
“[My clients earned] a combined total of
$11,219 of gross revenue on $300 in Facebook
advertising. Achieving results like this
makes it impossible
not to pursue building
funnels for other business owners!”
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 12 of 13 --

www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 13 of 13 --

