Now we need to create a squeedo lens. So I'm going to go to www.squeedo.com. Looks like it's having a problem. Okay, well this usually likes to happen to me. Every time I make a video, at least one thing likes to be not working the way I say it does. It likes to make a liar out of me, but www.squeedo.com happens to be down at the moment I'm creating this video. I've already checked with some other reliable sources and it's just down for the moment. It could be up in 10 minutes, it could be up in 2 hours, it could be up in 2 days. We don't know. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to go to Hubpages. They have a very similar sign up process and very similar process just to getting everything started. So what you're going to do is you just click the red arrow at www.hubpages.com, sign up now. I'm going to create a new account right here, live with you guys. I better use my good email for this one since I'm actually going to need to confirm my account. Type in my password, type in the letters here. I've read and understand the terms that you just create my account. It's saying that they already know my email address, so it already knows I have an account. So I'm going to have to log in. I'm just going to skip this step. Now there's a big red button that says Create a Hub. So I'm going to click Create a Hub. Like I told you in the lesson, it's asking you for a title. So we're going to put our faceLifterX3000. You can use the same thing for your web address. That's exactly what you want to say is, here's the web address here. So our keyword is in the title and our keyword is in the URL. So that's very important. We're going to add a couple extra tags here. So we're going to put faceLifterX3000, then we're going to put faceLift, and then we might put something like faceLiftCream. We're going to click Continue. Now it's asking us, before we go any further, make sure we're following all the rules. No spam, no porn, no gambling, blah, blah, blah. Continue. Now it's asking us to put our content inside here. So you can see the first title already has our keyword in there. So I'm going to go in and all we're going to do is, you see here it says text, so we click Edit. And now I can type in whatever I want to type in here, you know, or I could just copy, paste one of my articles, you know, my articles, or the first paragraph of my article and put it in there. And then I'll click Save, and it's saved. And I'll do the exact same stuff. Now here it says photo. You can add a photo in here if you'd like. I'm not going to. It does help your hub page look a little nicer. You can put a photo of maybe the product or maybe if Oprah's recommending it, you can put a picture of Oprah. I'm going to get rid of it, and I'm actually going to add another text module. So I'm going to click Text, and I'm going to add another text module, and another text module. And you can add some video modules, link modules, RSS, comments. You can add a whole lot of stuff in here and really make it fun. I'm just going to move this up so it's above the comments. In fact, I'm going to get rid of the comments. And now there we have it. We have nothing but text modules, and we can just click at it on each of them, copy, paste in a paragraph, or type whatever you want here. And then the subtitle, we're going to put, you know, what is facelifter. X3000. Save. Blah, blah, blah. When I'm finally done with all of that, when I'm finally done, I'm going to look for these buttons up here. I can preview my hub so I can see what it looks like before I hit publish, but usually I'm going to be pretty satisfied with what I'm going to create. So I'm just going to go ahead and hit the publish button. I'm not going to hit publish right now because I've used very, you know, a fake account and fake keyword, and my text doesn't make sense. So I'm not going to click publish right now, but when I do click publish, it's going to be live to the world, and it's going to give me an address that I can use. And that address is going to be... We've typed in facelifterx3000 as the title of our hub. Whatever the title of your hub is, that's what your address is going to be. Your address is going to be hubpages.com, forward slash hub, forward slash facelifter, dash, lifter, dash, x3000. And there you have it. It's all finished. It's going to be published live to the world. And then you're going to move on to your Squiddo, but the Squiddo seems to be down. I'll try it again really quick. And we're on. So Squiddo, same steps. You're going to go and sign up for a free account. Billy, Bob, email, free type or email. Desired username, facelifter. Desired password. And then you type in these little words here. Fun fact for you to know, Squiddo was co-created with Seth Godin, legendary marketer. Yep, I accept the terms of service. I don't want to sign up for any of their newsletters. You can if you want to, but they didn't throw me very much. All right, we're signed up. And then we're going to create a lens. And it's the same steps as hubpages. First thing we're going to do is create our title. Facelifter, x3000. Go to step two. They give you a couple of different options here. Well, they'll kind of set it up for you. You can't earn money using just Squiddo alone. You pretty much have to have about a thousand Squiddo lenses to make $3 a day. I've got 50-something Squiddo lenses in the two years that I've been using it. I've made 49 cents. So I don't really like their way of making money with it. I use my own way of making money. So I just like to go down here and just put, I just want to do my own thing. And that'll give us a blank slate to work with. All right, so we got our lens title in there. Again, we're going to create our URL. We're going to want facelifter, x3000. And if that's not available, we can put hyphens in front of it. We can put facelifter, x3000 review. We can put buy facelifter, x3000. We can put my. We can put the. We can put new. There's a lot of different words we can put in front and behind it to make it still make sense, but maybe get our own. And then you're going to pick a category. Let's see, facelifter is in the health and medicine. Yes, it's G rated. Go to step four. Everything's very intuitive. You know, nothing really is hard. They've really thought about the user involved and they've made everything very easy. So here we go again with the keywords, the tags, facelifter, x3000. And then facelift, and then facelift, cream. And we hit done. And now it's going to have us enter in our information. And if you thought hubpages was fun with all the little cool things you can do, like the videos and links and pictures and stuff like that. And then you can add to your page and really make your page very fun. I mean, you could do, you could pretty much make your Sweto lens be your website. So you're going to do the same things. You're going to want to add modules so that you have the text modules. And like I said, here's all the different ones. Good. Second tab here. And we want the text write module. You see that I clicked the next button here. We want the text write module. We're going to click add. And then we're going to click add another. We need a couple of these. So we got two now, three. Should be good with three. Hit save. And then all we're going to do is just like hubpages, we're going to paste in our information into all these different squares. You can put an image here if you want. If not, no biggie. Basically, you just want to make sure you have the information in here like it says in the lesson. And then you click publish and everything's done, ready to go for you live to the world. Move on to the next step. First, I want to show you Weebly because Weebly is a little bit different than these guys. So let's go over to Weebly. And in Weebly, again, you can create a free user account or type in a username. Facelifter. And give it an email. I accept the terms of services. Sign up and start creating. Oops, we got to type in a little Q. This email has already been used. All right, all my emails are used. So I'm just going to log in with my own account. But you can, I've been using Weebly for years now. I'm just going to log in with one of my normal accounts and show you how it all works from the inside. All right, so now we're back on the inside of Weebly. And it changes often. So if it looks a little bit different when you get in here, all the functionality is the same all the time. So what we need to do is we need to create a new site. We'll go to create a site. Title our new site. FacelifterX3000. Continue. You're getting a little sneak preview of some of my own campaigns there. I didn't like that, but it happened. All right, so we're inside Weebly. We've got a website that is on its way to being created now. And we want to create a, you know, choose a design for it. So we'll go up here to the designs tab. And we've got 40 or 50. If you just hover over them, you can preview the different designs. Lots and lots of different designs here. This one looks good. So I'm just going to click on it. It'll give a red box. And that lets me know that that's going to be my design. Now I want to go add some elements to the page. So I'll click on elements. Let's see. First thing I want to put on here is a paragraph with a title. So I'm just going to put the paragraph. I'm going to click and drag. In case you didn't see that, I'll delete this real quick. I'm going to click and drag onto the page and boom. Let's see. What is faceLifter? X3000. And then we're going to go and copy paste one of our paragraphs in here. Go ahead and type in whatever you want. And we got a paragraph. We click out here in the background and that will save our changes for the immediate time. And if we wanted, we can go up here to pages and we can add multiple pages to our site. We can even add a blog to it if you wanted to. I don't really want to do that. I just want to get all my paragraphs onto the page with the titles and be very fast. So here, did I find faceLifter X3000. And then my paragraph, blah, blah, blah. You get the point. Click out here. And when I'm done, I'm going to go up here and I'm going to click publish. That's going to publish my site live to the world. And since I use the title faceLifter X3000, it's going to default to that. Let me hit publish and show you a little bit. It doesn't publish right away. You still get to name your site. FaceLifter X3000. Oops. It tells me that it is available. So now my URL is going to be facelifterx3000.weebly.com. And then if I click continue, that address will be live to the world. I'm going to click cancel and I'm going to get out of here because I don't want to make a fake site. And that's as easy as it is to create your Spreedo Help page in Weebly site. Move on to step four.