All right, so we just covered attraction offers. So these are the first thing that most people are going to see when they're entering your business. This is the stuff that gets leads to engage. That's why they're big, sexy, free things. The upsell offers are things that we're going to reposition for them to spend even more money. Now, sometimes this happens immediately. Sometimes it happens, you know, a few days later, sometimes a few weeks later, sometimes a month later. But either way, we're going to be using four of my favorite upsells. So this is step two in our money model process. So here's what they are. Attraction offers are with an attraction offer in place. You've got customers in cash. Now we want to maximize 30-day profits. So what do we do? Answer, we make more money. To do that, we make upsell offers. And when it comes down to it, upsells just mean whatever we offer next. It's all an upsell is. And so when an offer solves a problem, another appears. You upsell the solution to the problem that your first offer reveals. So every offer opens the door to an upsell. And upsells open the door to more upsells. And often upsells make up the majority of the profits. We will don't understand. If the objective is that we can break even, obviously we want to make as much money as we want, but you don't want to make more money on a few customers when you can get 10 times the customers and then make way more on the second sale. Right? And so often upsells make up the majority of the profit, even if it's not the thing you sell the most of. Think about in terms of volume. I might sell 10 times more of my front end offer, but 10X of my profit comes from my second sale. I can make or break a money model. And so let me show you how much. So here's some examples. So this is a classic burger fries and soda store. All right? So this is our very sad burger shop owner. He sells a burger for two bucks. This cost on the burger is $1.75. He makes 25 cents in profit. He cries himself to sleep every night. Very sad. Now he is a happy tier, isn't that nice, of going from 25 cents per sale to $1.75 per sale by adding in an upsell of fries and then upsell of soda and the upsell of quantity. Of, do you want to supersize your whole thing? So it's like, do you want to make that a meal? Do you want to supersize that? Boom. Upsell one, upsell two. And the thing is, is that when they make this upsell, look at how much more they make per sale. A lot more. And so the end result of this goes from 25 cents to 8X the gross profit per sale. They're making way more. $1.75 from 25 cents originally. And so the thing is, is that you may just be one upsell offer away from making yours into a donesty like theirs. You just have to figure out what's your fries and a Coke. And if you don't, someone else will. Let me talk about when they fail. Upsell offers fail or feel cringy when you offer something that they don't want. So that's either too different or doesn't solve their existing problem. You offered at the wrong time. So that's before they've experienced the problem. You say, hey, you just had a steak. Do you want another steak? They're like, well, I'm not really hungry anymore. You already solved that. You're trying to solve the same problem. You offered the wrong way, which is they don't believe you. They're like, sure, that would be nice, but I don't believe you specifically. Or it's a combination of the above. This is when it fails. Now, what to sell, which becomes the next upsell offer question. More of what they just got. Think quantity. So that's one burger to two burgers. Better versions of it. Think quality. So this is why I have a mystery meat burger when you get a sirloin meat burger, organic burger, or newer complimentary stuff. Think different. This is, do you want fries and a soda with that burger? Fundamentally, that's how this works. So the objective of the upsell is to maximize profit per customer and to send the clients into back ends. Note, these structures that I talk about with the upsells work anywhere. I just prefer them as ascension tools. A lot of these things could also be front ends. Each of the offers that I explain in money models, one putting them together, which again, the money model is putting them all together. Some of the stuff that I'll give you in continuity, you can use a front end offer. Upsell offers, you can use a front end offer. I just place them in the places that I use them most commonly. And I think that they were, at least they have worked the best for me. So this is our lineup. We're going to start with the classic upsell. We'll do the menu upsell, the anchor upsell, the rollover upsell. I use all of these. I have made so much money on these upsells. And if you follow what I lay out, you probably will too. And I will probably get more animated than these because I just love these so much. All right, with that being said, the classic upsell.