Hey, this is Russell Brunson and I welcome you to this month's training and this month we'll be talking about a Script that's it's almost so simple yet The the lion's share or the majority of all the money you make will come from this script That's what's so interesting about it. Usually, you know, we've got the star story solution The who what why how a webinar script all these other things are selling the front-end thing right to get the first Yes, and the first yes typically is the hardest which is why I really like free plus shipping offers or Perfect webinars, but I've got a long time to pitch them or the star story solution We got this big huge structure to get them to buy but I think actually bought the first thing They said yes to the second yes traditionally is is a almost a million times easier and I got some really cool things to share with you guys today and And again the script even though it seems really really simple if you can master it It'll make you the most amount of money. This is where your profit comes from is from this for this script right here I remember reading out if it's true or not, but they say that like grocery stores that they That takes in the first like 28 days of the month to break even and then the last three days is where they actually make their profit And this is kind of the same thing everything else you're doing in your business is there to break even and this right here Is where you start making your profit? So that's why I love this script now a couple of things first off to talk about with upsells There's some core things that I need you to understand if you understand these things It'll be it'll help a ton. So first thing is when you're building out like your upsell funnel One of the first really important things I want you to think about And I'll show you an example of one here. Let me pull one up real quick okay, so here's kind of a visual behind the scenes of our recent book launch and You'll see kind of what how our upsells convert and numbers and I probably shouldn't show everyone this But you guys are getting it because I care about you People came through this funnel Our upsells our first upsell right here was a hundred ninety seven dollars and we got a little under five percent conversion rate but eleven hundred 77 orders at hundred ninety seven dollars piece. So, you know, it makes a lot of money You can also had done up some or two was the two hundred ninety seven dollar offer and our conversions there is a little lower 1.92 percent begin four hundred sixteen orders at three hundred bucks a pop It adds up when you're when you're putting all the traffic through so and one thing I want to show you I'll show you in both these pages here. So if I click on this One of the key lessons I want you to see is notice Right here. It's way your order is not yet complete. Okay, when we first start doing upsells Before we you know learn the psychology and test a million things one thing that we would always do is like thank you so much for your order I've got a special one-time offer. No problem with that as soon as I say, thank you so much for your order What are you thinking? You're like, oh, I'm done. The process is finished, right? but And so because of that like you've closed off that loop that buying loop has been closed now You're trying to reopen it again It's harder to get them now to get engaged to want to buy the product. So you notice that whenever I'm doing upsells I'm never saying your order's complete. I'm saying wait your order's not complete I'm keeping that buying cycle open and then I go make that their offer So it's wait your order not complete yet and over here on the second one. It's very similar Messaging Again, it's not over yet. Okay, you got one one other special offer here So that's kind of that's how we do this funnel now, you know, it's come a couple of other months I've got elements here on the page almost complete. We have the video here. I've got a countdown clock I give him 10 minutes. I show him what normal prices again the discount and that's kind of how I structure mine And then I have the no-things link here notice this page very similar I got my headline video And I like changing the colors because if you're all your upsell pages are identical people get confused and they're like wait I just I just said no to this, you know, or I just said yes to this Notice that they're similar but different colors different things just so that it pops enough. They know it's a different page Same thing. No countdown clock discount What normal prices discount those are the things that we use for maximum conversion also down here notice It's not like no things taking the members area. It's no things Please don't add perfect webinar secrets to my members area this huge discount. Okay, it's a negative qualifier If I just say no, thanks. Take me the members area. That's a benefit I don't want to give them a benefit for for clicking on this. I want the opposite of that, okay? The other thing I didn't do on this page and I should the Dagen Smith taught me this was amazing It's when someone clicks on the no-things instead of just take into the next page Have this trigger pop-up says are you sure and have like a little video there trying to sell them and they say no there Then that's no things like that actually takes into the next page That's an update I learned recently from him that will be kind of adding here on this page if that makes sense It's kind of recap when you click here instead of just going to the next page in the funnel It would actually trigger the pop-up would come up and say are you sure you don't want to buy this and then have a video Testimonial someone who's bought it saying this is amazing and then they can say alright add to my car or no It's something he got an extra like four or five percent of the people to buy by triggering the pop-up there instead Just the no-things so kind of cool now if you notice this on these videos I usually started immediately Initially and usually the first one or two steps of the script I cover right here in the video me talking and I transition quickly over to PowerPoint So I'll show you this for examples you kind of see hey, this is Russell again and first off I want to thank you so much for ordering the dot-com secrets book you are gonna love it This book literally is gonna show you all of the sales scripts the funnels the things we use in our business To help grow our companies and I'm excited for you to have it now I want to make you one special offer because one of the things a lot of people need help with after they start implementing these Things is they need help with traffic and so I want to give you a really special deal on one of our best-selling products of all time Called instant traffic hacks. Let me tell you a little bit more about what it is Let me ask you a question if you were to and I transitioned over to PowerPoint now Some people do the whole thing in PowerPoint slide some people but for me Especially if they just bought something I like them to resonate with me personally So I usually start the script with me on camera and I transition over to this but you can do both ways so that's just kind of the way that I I choose to do a lot of mine and I've done because throughout the sales process. They've seen my face and if it's me telling them to buy it I feel like they're me more likely to buy than if it's just straight to PowerPoint So that's kind of a you know more of a style thing that whatever kind of fits with you what you're doing most Okay, so that's the first thing to understand is that process second thing that's really important understand is offer sequencing, okay? And so I'll come back here to this page So this is our book offer. So the first page that we sold obviously was the free book Which is our free plus shipping book? I'm sure most of you guys have probably seen if not you're crazy go buy it But here's the the book offer right now the thing that we Disappeared that I am so the thing we learned from it was actually the book offer we did before this was dot-com secrets labs Is I sold the dot-com secrets labs book which is a book all about split testing and conversion? So in my head I'm like, okay, they bought split testing conversion that means they're interested in conversion So the next page I want to sell them more split testing conversion stuff you know, if look at the supplement world the These laws are a little bit different and supplement world we sell supplements We have to sell more of the same thing and it works But it's way different in info products info products if I sell something and if I my upsells more of the same thing it almost always flops and It took me a while to kind of figure out why and I think and you never know why a test works or doesn't work But I think I kind of figured out why and I think the reason why is that when somebody comes to your site to buy something They've got a problem, right? And so they come to your site to buy a weight loss product They come to buy a conversion book or whatever that is and as soon as you soon as you explain Soon as they buy that thing even though even though they haven't lost weight yet in their mind that that's that Pain that itch they've scratched that itch and that pain is now gone because the way this product to come or they know They're gonna go through it so in their mind that problem has been solved for them And so the next page is like hey, thanks for buying the conversion But here's some more cool conversion stuff and their heads are like I just bought the conversion thing. Why would I buy more? Conversions it doesn't make sense. They like that itch has already been scratched And so when we launched that doc on secret labs books, we literally did the entire funnel twice No actually more than that. Excuse me. I think Twice with different conversions the third time we did with a better offer sequencing and the fourth time we did with the scripts I'll show you here in a minute But we had a change it and so for me what I always do is I gotta think about if they just bought this first product Okay, so he's bought doc on secret labs about the conversion book Maybe about this book, which is you know more like that the funnels and the things like that What's the next thing that they need right this that that problem has been itched so no longer the conversions or funnels right that that Issues been fixed now the next page What what's the new issue they have so for me? It's like hey you just bought this book on conversion But what you need is any more traffic or you just bought this book on sales funnels now you need more traffic So for me the next logical upsell is a traffic product Okay, so offer sequencing is huge somebody asked me at our last event like you know what what are the price points? You should go from this price to this price to this price and I told them like it's less about the price points for me They're more about the offer sequencing. What's the next logical thing? What's the next logical gap that I've got to fill after they buy this product? So from conversions, I need to sell traffic. Okay, if you're weight loss, maybe your first books like here's here's on my diet eating plans So the upsell might be now here's my workout plans, right? I solved this problem But now here's the next problem I have is how do I work out and I saw that one the next one might be you know, how do I what supplements do I take or something like that? We're you're taking them through a logical sequence of events and so that's the next thing is offer sequencing is huge Okay, and so think through that You know nine times out of ten when I see some upsell there's no logical progression of offers and And that's usually why they they suffer from bad conversions is there their offer sequencing is horrible A lot of times just changing the offer sequencing or explaining it in a way where they're understanding There's a sequence. There's there's something that correlates between offer one two and three and there's a reason why you take him down This path when you do that and you tie those you bridge those things together You're much more likely to convert from page to page to page. Okay, so hopefully that makes sense So the two core things I want you to really get is offer sequencing and then also keeping the buying loop open with you know Wait your order's not yet complete as opposed to just You know just going straight to the upsells. All right, so now let's transition over to the script so again, this is the script here and and The script is powerful for companies and usually it's pretty short like this the whole sales videos usually anywhere from two to five minutes long I guess not long even though I'm selling a hundred or two hundred or five hundred even a thousand dollar product and The and I learned this lesson from one of my friends his name is Tim Erwe or TJ Depending on how close to friend you are with him And it's funny because he bought the DCS labs book on the third rebuild right first two upsells or first two times We build out that funnel. We sold more conversion things more conversion things third time We transitioned it to a traffic product and started converting better, but he went and bought the product I remember and then he he messaged me. He's like hey, man. I bet your upsell sucks, huh? And I like what do you mean? He's like, I bet it's not converting very well, is it? I'm like, well, it's doing alright. He's they what a numbers I showed him He's like no, that's not doing good at all. He said I know the reason why I'm like, oh, yeah, what's that? He's like, hold on. I'll make you a video real quick. So he made me this video and I actually have this I'm gonna show you as a video right now, and I hope he doesn't mind he's probably gonna kill me but It's important because what he gave to me this gift he gave to me has been worth at least a million dollars so far and probably more than that and it it's a Gift and a lesson I want you to learn as well because I used to always make my upsell videos very long Very similar to like the star story solution script I was redoing that again on each page in the funnel and when he told me this and you'll see the message He kind of gave me he gave me this message We went back and we tweaked it and our conversions on our upsells like three or four X Pretty consistently along the board and so it's it's a lesson. That's that's important enough for you to understand So I'm gonna play his video right now and again TGA if you're watching this I apologize man for showing your video, but it meant a lot to me and I think it'll mean a lot to everyone Who's watching this right now? So let's watch that video real quick Okay, going to give you the quick drive-by here and I'll start with one word. It's a powerful word It's a magic formula for upsell videos and it is brevity That's really really important Instead of going into you know all the stories and all the stuff about you know what happened with your business Get down to brass tax They said yes already they said yes to more sales and more money in less time So all you have to do is get them to say yes again. So here's what I mean. You're talking to a customer at this point I know they only spent like whatever it costs for shipping, but they said yes with their credit card So the winning formula with upsells in my experience and again, I've tested this before in fact just recently I forgot this lesson and put like a 20 minute video upsell But the winning formula is to cut right down to the chase get it get there as quickly as possible And just to firm their initial decision and then offer a way to get at you know Three x the results twice as fast or something to that effect no story or anything like that if you do mention a story do it in Passing so here's the formula it goes like this. It's really simple dude. You made a smart choice. Here's why You ordered this because you wanted to make more sales and money so I have a question for you How would you like to get three times or three x the results and get them in the next seven days or three days or whatever if you Can move fast and in fact here's your guarantee I will bet five hundred dollars of my own money and Guarantee that you get those results. So this is your tie back to that original. Yes that they gave you the one about more Money and faster. That's essentially what they're buying split testing results for so if you said yes I've got something extremely special and valuable for you today a while back I put on an exclusive event where I revealed massively valuable stuff Blah blah blah blah blah I originally sold this event for yada yada yada and people have paid upwards of ten million dollars for it now Because you said yes to my split testing dealio and you're now a customer I'm gonna give this away to you right now at a fraction of that So I'd like to tell you more about this blah, but he blah, but he blah now I know what you might be thinking Russell do I seriously have to sit down and watch 14 hours of videos you say absolutely not Even though I recommend watching them when you can I've made this super usable for you by Chunking it down just to the meat and potatoes. That's it. I did this by putting together some Super ninja Traffic hacker shortcut cheat sheets. You can use and implement immediately It's all about results and fast and speed and blah, but he blah blah blah One of these methods I call the triple X method. It has nothing to do with porn It'll get you this result. It can be done in this single afternoon. The next thing is the blog traffic siphon I don't know magic system Set it up once you have all the traffic you want one of my favorites though And you're gonna love this is a sneaky way to hijack traffic from Your biggest competitors like I hijacked this offer from a digital marketer. I'm just kidding seriously All you have to do do is follow this formula. It's really easy It's it's much much more effective than doing the story stuff get right down to it So after you've presented the offer you got over the benefits It's future cast time, you know picture how much more money you'll make Just one of these methods can make your money back and then some within days or hours Then go into your normal call that call to action your guarantee It works or I'll read not only refund but pay you whatever you promise to pay him like 500 bucks Then value stacking then scarcity then second call to action then your testimonials Keep it short. Keep it simple. No story. No fluff. This is an upsell. They've already said yes They are already buyers try it test it. Let me know when you've made a ton of money because of it When you do make a ton of money, I expect a steak dinner. Thanks. Talk soon Okay, so yes get that so the key here like he said is brevity Okay, you're not trying to to go and sell somebody a whole new thing and trying to you know Like it's they already said yes, you just got to get them to say yes again Okay, so I'll kind of walk you through the script and how I do and and this again the script is a path Like if you watch my videos, you'll be like Russell didn't fall this hundred percent I do most the time but but I tweak things based on a whole bunch of different reasons a lot times It's what I my gut feels like sometimes it's the offer but as as a as a structure We are following this almost to the team. Okay, so I'll go through the first thing and this is key is you have to confirm the initial decision Okay, one of the worst things you can do and I've seen people do this is like thanks for buying that product But you know without this next thing the product is horrible, you know, the product is not gonna work unless you've got this next thing That's the best way to make your customers angry never want to buy from you again You need to you need to fulfill what they just bought. Okay, so for me. I usually confirm the initial decision Hey, this is Russell Brunson and thank you so much for your order what you just got you were gonna love this amazing And in a second here, I'm gonna share with you and I start transitioning over here a Way to take this product that you just got and show you how to get three times the result in half the time or you know Twice as fast or whatever you want to be but some kind of time thing you had to do something faster And better okay more results in a faster faster time Okay, that's kind of this 3x 2x here is is faster results with three times as fast With a in a in a half the time or in a you know twice as fast Okay, and then I come back I said but first I just really want to stress out the fact that you made a smart decision The reason why is because entrepreneurs always struggle with whatever and this product is gonna help you to do that Okay, so again I'm really just kind of re-emphasizing that they made a smart choice giving me money was the smartest thing they ever could have done and and I just want to really Solidify that initial buying decision. Okay, if you don't you're gonna upset people because they're gonna feel like you you know This is the bait and switch or whatever it is and it's not you're saying like what you did was right That was a good purchase. It was smart now. I want to help add to that like let me show you what I can do So I come over here a transition to let me ask you a question So this price coming out to you are shipping the book out whatever it is But I want to know like like what would it like? How would you like to get three times the results twice as fast? Okay, whatever you whatever your whatever your unit of measure is okay, some some type of bigger results here and And then how fast twice as fast half the time whatever it is But this is my my unit where I'm measuring what they're doing right because they already proved they wanted whatever this initial thing was So I come back here showing them how we can speed it speed up the get more results in less time Okay, that's kind of this metric is here and say now if you knew that I've got a very exclusive offer for you It's something that and if you want to buy this typically and I like having whatever my upsells are like having them full price somewhere else I can say look if you go to a website right now This is a thousand dollars We're gonna give you an exclusive deal because you bought the dot-com secrets book because you bought my weight loss product because whatever This deal is exclusive for you right here right now on this page on this page only if you leave It's twice as much on the normal website, but right here today. You're getting a huge discount It's exclusive just you because you purchased because you invested in the thing on the page prior right? So it's very exclusivity to them and making them feel good about why I bought this now I'm getting I'm getting this other thing the key of this is one time offers have to be one time offers if you offer the same price somewhere else for this, you know like it's got to be something cool like that because If not then people will just get to know like oh, I just buy this later You've got to make it very exclusive and make it a special offer. Okay, then you're gonna come back to You can get more results faster. It's gonna be You know speed whatever whatever like the big benefits are because this is what people people buy up sells Kind of what Tim said when you guys listen to to the video earlier like you can get faster results and get you know better speed Whatever those things are more results like really just time It's like what they're what they're gonna get the timeline It's gonna speed things up make it better for okay, then I transition to what I call the one thing This was a big aha. We had You know the first video we had for upsell in DCS labs before Tim kind of gave me this feedback I you know, I'm selling it was selling a course that was two different events on whole seven days of event So I was trying to go through like you're gonna learn this you're gonna learn this I'm going through like all this stuff. They're gonna learn right and the problems that they're going through This is the two or three minute video and I'll really quick there like in really overwhelmed like wow I gotta that's a lot of work right something like a lot of work and that was one of his big things is he's like brevity brevity So I'm like, how do I you know? I got so much stuff in here like I want to tell them they're gonna get like how do I make how do I shrink this Down how do I get brevity when I'm giving them a seven day event? You know I started thinking I said and I thought I thought about how like how I've got a big belief pattern with any kind Of offer like front-end offers or upsells or webinars that you've got to focus on one core thing All right, I remember Perry Belcher told me and I've talked about this in other trainings that that anytime they had a They had a sales letter that tried to sell two or more things it would always bomb They had to be focused on one core concept. So I thought I kind of took that and said okay What's the one thing I'm trying to sell here? So look back at that seven day event and I was looking through it and there's like one thing in there that was powerful for me was It was this concept called the stack that I learned from Armand Moran And I probably spent 15 minutes at the event of the seven days on the stack But that's what I brought I said look now in this training. It's a seven-day long train of tons of stuff I can go through it all but there's one thing I really want to stress because this piece like this little thing I'm gonna share with you is gonna change everything for you and all I do is I'm selling the stack Okay, the one thing I talk about the stack and how the stack is the main most amazing thing ever I tell a really short compressed story about that one little thing and how much money has made me and how great it's been Then I kind of I kind of mentioned that you know on top of your access everything else But the stack like if you have this stack everything else will just it will make sense, right? So the one little piece I pull out so pull out of all you know all the content everything you're giving him an upset Like what's the one thing the one thing is to give them the biggest impact and that's what I talk about here The one thing that they have to have you cannot live without it and by the way you get a bunch of other stuff as well But this is the one thing I sell the one thing and that was one of our big differentiators on you know Our multiple different versions of this of the sequence was when we pulled out the huge long explanation of the seven days What they're gonna get and brought in just one thing? It changed the metrics. It was a huge conversion booster case. We talked about the one thing We kind of talked about everything I'm gonna get and we start future casting This is where we start talking about like imagine like after you've got this the stack if you got this one thing Imagine what life is gonna be like imagine what will happen when you anytime you do a webinar you close sales or anytime you do whatever it is Right and start future casting imagine what life is gonna be like imagine what will happen to your to your business Imagine will happen to your body imagine will happen to whatever it is that your product relates and I want to put them in that That future state right I just imagine it's gonna be like if you just have this one thing Can you imagine what life would be like at that point? Okay, and then from there I transition to my call action so to get it all you got to do is down below There's gonna be button click on that button It says add the card on it whatever it says click on that button and immediately I'll add this to your order So you don't miss out on the special exclusive one-time offer. Okay now for those guys who are nervous We've got a special guarantee if this doesn't work out for you for whatever reason just let us know give you money back I've got a philosophy here my company that if I can't make you money I don't deserve yours and so if this doesn't work for you let us know 30 day money back guarantee you get your money back But I need but I know you need this can know you want this I know you need it and because that I'm gonna do a really special offer not only you're gonna get the one thing I talked about earlier, but I'm also gonna give you access to it and I start value stacking give you access to To to my training on this my training on this and I'm not going into a lot of detail Okay, I'm not spending you know a minute on every single benefit or every single thing I'm just saying really really quickly you get access to my webinar template You access to my traffic blueprint and you access to this to this just a whole bunch of stuff where they're like wow I need I need all that stuff. I want it all right Okay, again, don't oversell it. You're just listing off all the cool stuff. They're gonna get inside of there And then you bring in some scarcity so you know this special offer is not gonna be around forever We've pulled these in the past and we're gonna pull this again You know the more people that get this less people gonna buy it for full price on my normal site So because that we've got scarcity we're only gonna let a limit number amount Have it if this video still up means you're still able to get it But if you come back tomorrow, this is probably gonna be gone good shot is gonna be gone So we do have real scarcity here So you pull some scarcity then you call action again So all you do is click down below click on the button I'll add this to your order and it's gonna be amazing So I do my second call to action and then what I do if you got testimonials I love this is to say now while you're clicking on that button I'm gonna show you some success stories other people about this product who loved it just so that you know that you're not the only one and This product can change your life as well, and then I do testimonial rush So as many testimonials as I have I'll put those videos in there and play the first person's and I'll just keep playing them And they'll just keep playing over and over and over again and waiting for them to click on that button Okay, if you don't have any testimonials yet, that's fine You don't put them in there, but as you get them come back and edit the video plug those things in the end and keep growing it out and keep building it out Because a lot of times people will sit there and they're thinking about it He's in testimony of testimony eventually. It's alright and they click on it and boom you got the cell right there Okay, and so that's the OTO script you guys. It's pretty simple, right? It's not complicated It's like a three to five minute video But this this is the process. This is the script that makes your profit And so it's good to master it and it become really really good at it And that's kind of the script so hopefully understand those pieces we talked about keeping the buying loop open the correct offer sequencing Creating brevity bringing in the OTO script using the one thing and kind of using this as a template And if you do that you guys I promise you you'll see your OTO conversions go from wherever mine We're at which for a couple percentages up to 2% 3% 5% 10% and you know obviously the lower your price point is usually the higher It'll go For me with most of our how to make money markets I usually go from from a free plus shipping to a hundred ninety seven to two hundred ninety seven That's just me and other markets were in weight loss or dating We usually can't go up that high and but a lot of times we'll get higher conversion rates We might get 15 20 25 percent conversion, but it might only be a 47 dollar upsell Okay, so we shrink the prices but increase the conversions so it all kind of depends on your market and And it's worth you know just trying and testing different prices that seem to make sense But if you follow this this blueprint in this process and this path I know that it'll give you guys what you need to be able to convert on all of your upsells So try this one out and let me know how it works