All right everybody, welcome to module number six. I hope that module number five inspired you. I hope that you've told at least a thousand stories in the last week since you learned about that. If not, you probably should pause this video and go tell your spouse, your kids, your employees, somebody a story. If you look at me, I'm telling stories all the time. I'll have an idea for a story. I'll say it on my podcast, I come to the office, I tell them in the office, I practice it five or six times so it becomes second nature and then it just comes out when it needs to. Become a master at story, building up your story inventory, all the things we talked about are not only important, they're vitally critical to your success. With that said, now we're going to be transitioning over to the next section inside the Expert Secrets book, which is your moral obligation. I think believe it was Jay Paramus said that if you honestly believe that the product and service you have can change people's lives, then you have a moral obligation to do everything possible to get that product into the hands of your customers. Not only about you, if you've been following me and if you're here, my guess is you've seen it a lot. I'm very aggressive in my marketing, it's because I believe I have a moral obligation, not only to sell people the products and services we create, but also to help them and keep them away from our competitors, which is why I'm not shy about going after them because I honestly feel like we have a moral obligation to people to use our stuff. You need to believe that much in what you do, otherwise it's going to be very difficult for you to be successful. I want you to understand that that is an essential key element here. That's the first thing. Now, when you believe that, it should make you feel better about selling stuff. A lot of people have this negative connotation of selling, but selling is the most amazing profession in the world. In my mind, the highest level profession that you can do. The cool thing is that we're selling though through the stories that we talked about. What we're going to be doing in this module is actually creating your presentation. For those of you who are coming to the FAT event, we'll be doing this in even more detail. You'll be in here all night long in this room. We're going slide by slide by slide. I hope you have a chance to come to the FAT event. If you're not, you're going to be doing a similar process right now during this module. Even regardless, either way, I hope you guys come to the FAT event. There's something different about being in a room with a bunch of people who can look at your stuff and give you feedback. Give you feedback from me, from Steven, from other people in my team. If you can make it to the FAT event, please do. I promise it'll be worth the investment of your, not only your money, but your time. If you're not able to make it, then this module will give you as much of that as possible as well. We're going to be going through the actual presentation. People have asked me in the past, Russell, if you had to make money and you had nothing else, what would the number one thing you would do be? For me, if I had a gun in my hand and I had to make $1 million next 10 days, instantly, I know exactly what I'd do. I would write a webinar using this process and we're going to be going through it now and I would go and I would start selling. There's no question that. That's what I would do. It's the fastest way to make money. It's faster than writing a book, faster than a trip wire, faster than doing anything else. The fastest way is to create a webinar with an irresistible offer and drive targeted traffic to that. That's it. I look at people in their circle and they made the most money. The fastest has all been tied to people who have mastered this process, this webinar process we're going to share with you. Again, some of you guys, you may not be doing webinars. You may be doing live presentations. It doesn't matter. It's the script. It's the presentation that matters. It's created for groups selling. I developed this script over 12 years of trial and error. It started with me trying to... I went to an event and I saw people selling from stage. I remember I watched this guy on stage with 400 or 500 people in the room and he did his presentation. He sold a $2,000 product. People ran in the back of the room and I remember as a young kid looking in the back and doing the math like two, four, six, eight, all the math and like, I made $120,000 in 90 minutes and I watched the next speaker do it. I saw speaker after speaker do it and I was like, I have to learn that skill. I'm a shy introvert person but I have to learn that. As I started studying it and I remember going to my first event, I stood on stage and I thought I was in my shirt and tie on. I thought I was so polished and I understood like, that's like my contents, the best in the world. It's going to... People are going to pay me way more money. I did this, did my presentation the way I thought was best and I did my sell at the end and now I did a bomb. Not one person got up. It was the most awkward, embarrassing, humiliating thing in my life. I remember walking off stage awkwardly, running to the elevator, going to my hotel room and locking myself in the hotel room for the next three days because I didn't want to come out. I didn't want to see the speakers, the attendees, I completely bombed. And I remember while thinking this doesn't work, this is a scam, like whatever, this is not going to be something I'm going to do the rest of my life. And I remember stepping back and just saying, look, I'm not going to do presentations that I didn't for a long time. And then I kept seeing people make money with this and I was like, I got to learn. And so I started learning not from people that are good stage presenters. Like if you watch me, like I mumble a lot. I talk too fast. Like I'm not talking about being a good presenter. I'm talking about understanding selling and masses, stage selling, webinar selling. And I started learning from the best people in the world. I went through every training course I can get my hands on and spent literally over $100,000 and three or four years learning and mastering this process from the best in the world. And I started going for about two or three years of my life. I started speaking at stages every single month. I'd fly somewhere and I would give my presentation and I would watch as people signed up and I'd do the math, like what percentage of rooms signed up and okay, I made tweaks and kept doing that for two and a half, three year period of time. I kept doing that every single month and sometimes two or three times a month until I started learning what worked and then looking at other speakers' presentations and bringing things in and in my presentation, I was getting better and better and better. And then after about three years, I retired. I was like, I'm not speaking from stage anymore. My kids are young. I'm going to go spend time with them. But I was like, how does this relate to online? Like can I use this online as well? And so initially we were doing tele-seminars and I'd use this process, this script I had kind of built out in selling through tele-seminars and it worked. Then webinars came out. We used webinars and it worked. And now as things keep evolving, as you learn it in the next modules, we do these through Facebook Lives. In fact, Brandon and Kaelin, last month, they had their million dollar month and they did it by using the perfect webinar script on a Facebook Live. And so I want you to understand, like I call it a perfect webinar, but it's the perfect presentation. It's taking the stories, the epiphany bridges, the false beliefs, all these things we've covered so far in the training and putting them into a chronological, logical order. When you take somebody through this presentation, at the end of it, they can't help but buy. And if they don't buy, it means that they're lying to themselves. And so that's the key to this whole thing. And so really understanding that is what this module is all about. And it takes some time. Like I don't know about you, but for me, it takes a couple of weeks to put together slides and the presentations and the pictures and all those kind of things, but it's worth it. I can't tell you how many times we've created a presentation, spent a week, two weeks, three weeks getting all together, launching it and then making a million dollars, making $10 million, or making sometimes a lot more than that. But it's all based on this, the sales presentation. And so everything we've worked on and talked to at this point is all going to be plugged now into this presentation that's going to be going on in this module. So have some fun with it. It'll take a while, but it will be worth it. And if you really want to master it, again, come to the FAT event. Be here with us in this room. Let us all look over your shoulders as you're building this because it is vitally important. It's the difference between a webinar that doesn't make money and one that makes you a million dollars is just the words on the page and understanding the process and the stories and things like that. So if you're able to come, please do. But regardless, now is the time to start building out those presentations. Get as close to perfect as possible. And then in the near future, you guys are going to be doing it. You're going to be jumping out and just trying it. So with that said, let's jump in this module and let's get your slides built out.