Welcome to Dan Kennedy's Midas Touch Marketing and Dan Kennedy definitely does have the Midas Touch with marketing. In fact, Entrepreneur Magazine says Dan has at least 101 money making ideas for any business owner. You'll find more than that in these Midas Touch audio cassettes. Of course not all the strategies and suggestions in these cassettes will apply perfectly to your particular business or sales career. It is Mr. Kennedy's intention that you will pick and choose much like walking through a cafeteria line. You will find more than enough to apply directly, immediately and profitably. Beyond that direct application, Mr. Kennedy also hopes that these sessions will heighten your tendency to think marketing so that you too get the Midas Touch. On this tape, we're going to talk about one of the most exciting marketing strategies of all, stimulating word of mouth advertising. Word of mouth advertising is the most powerful, effective type of advertising there is, but it's the only kind you can't just buy by the page or by the minute. It has to be created, stimulated and nurtured with truly creative techniques. Most businesses take whatever word of mouth advertising they get, but I'm here to tell you that you can exert a considerable degree of control over this type of advertising and marketing. The reason word of mouth advertising is so valuable is simple. Nothing you can ever say about you, no matter how well you say it, can have as much impact and credibility as something a disinterested third party says about you. Also, there are some things you simply can't say graciously about yourself that others can say. Artificial word of mouth advertising is still the most effective form of TV commercial. It's called slice of life and you're very familiar with it. It shows a scene with one ordinary person telling a friend or associate how good a product is. Wandry soap, personal computers and hundreds of other products and services are still sold this way. Far better though is real word of mouth advertising and there is a single basic secret to stimulating a high rate of word of mouth advertising. The secret comes from the Disney companies. Word is taught as find ways to do what you do so well and so uniquely that your customers cannot resist telling lots of other people about you. At the Disney parks this principle is implemented in the forms of cleanliness and authenticity. When first time visitors to Disneyland and Disney World are surveyed and ask what sticks in their mind most about their visit the overwhelming number one answer is the cleanliness of the parks. The number two answer is the authenticity of the environment. Disney marketing pros then understand how this translates into real life. Harry and go back to Dubuque and tell their friends. You can't believe how clean the parks were. Then four more families from Dubuque pile money into motor homes and bring the money to the mouse. Because they understand this, the Disney people think of park cleanliness as marketing, not just maintenance. They use this to stimulate referrals. Any business can also find ways to stimulate referrals, to stimulate word of mouth advertising, often by doing things that should be done anyway. In a retail type business, excellence and creativity in the store environment and in customer service are most likely to stimulate referrals. I know a dentist, for example, who ten times his practice in just 24 months without increasing his external ad budget by even a dollar. He identified 700 different things to change in the office environment and in patient communications. And those changes were responsible for developing a very high level of word of mouth advertising. Now this brings up a vitally important theme that should be behind all your marketing efforts. Little things mean a lot. Think of it this way. If you throw one little metal BB at a window, you probably won't shatter the glass. But if you solder a couple hundred of those little BBs together into a ball, that'll shatter the window. When working to build and improve a business, don't waste a lot of time looking for the one big magic marketing strategy that will make all the difference in the world. Instead, find a lot of little things that can be improved. Add it together. Little things have big impact. Another way to stimulate referrals, if you have direct contact with your customers, is by staging events where loyal customers can and are motivated to bring their friends to you. A nightclub has an annual anniversary party with huge tents in the parking lot, free food and free entertainment, closed to the public but open to their customers and guests invited by the customers. A chiropractor I know hosts a big Christmas party each year with a buffet and a dance band open to all of his patients and any family members or friends they wish to bring. Another doctor uses the same idea with a July barbecue held in his own big backyard each year. Still another way to stimulate referrals is to simply ask for them. Many business owners and executives, professionals and even salespeople have all sorts of mental hang-ups about asking for referrals. However, most of those hang-ups are invalid. And I find that those who ask, get. Now here's a secret about customers or clients who refer. It can be worth a great deal of money to you. Understand that the person who refers once can and will refer many more people many more times if motivated to do so. Once a customer or client has referred someone to your business, then that source of referrals should be worked like the gold-bind that it is. You should know that massive research by major to consumer direct sales companies and organizations indicates that the average person has an immediate circle of influence of 52. 52 other people. The typical executive, for example, knows about 50 other people at a similar executive level in his own or closely related industries. This number tells you that each customer or client who comes through your business could bring you as many as 50 other customers or clients. You should also know that research by the American Management Association indicates that the average satisfied customer only tells three other people about the satisfactory experience. Moving that person from telling three to telling fifty does require some definite action on your part. That action needs to focus on the giving of recognition and appreciation. When a satisfied customer sends someone to you, the sender should immediately receive some recognition and appreciation. This should be a quick thank you note or telephone call at bare minimum. That should happen right away. Subsequently, some type of thank you gift is usually appropriate and effective. We send stakes, books, clocks, calculators, small electronic items, knife sets, all sorts of things. I recommend gifts that you do not ordinarily sell and a different gift each time the person refers. You will really be amazed at the positive results from this kind of action. You would also be surprised incidentally at the negative results of not doing this. The client who refers once and fails to get recognition and appreciation will probably never say anything to you. But to himself and often to a friend or associate, he does say, can you believe it? I sent that guy a customer and never got so much as a thank you. And then he never refers again. Again, it's interesting to note that a basic success principle, often discussed in personal development context, is also a marketing strategy. It's called the attitude of gratitude. If you want to even more directly stimulate referrals from your customers or clients, you might want to consider the second party gift certificate idea. Here's how this works. You are a satisfied regular customer of a clothing store. The owner of the store says to you, John, as you know, most of our customers come as referrals from other customers. And we appreciate that and try to encourage it. This month, we're doing something interesting that you might want to help us with and be able to do a favor for your friends too. The store owner then gives you a $10 gift certificate negotiable only by a second party that you, the customer, address it to and sign it over to. This idea works extremely well for just about any kind of retail business, service business, home products business, restaurants, stores, beauty parlors, carpet cleaning companies and so on. If you use this idea, you'll again want to follow it up with recognition and appreciation to the customer who does pass along a coupon that is ultimately redeemed by a new customer.