INSIDETHIS ISSUE
How To Do B-2-B Like Good
Consumer Advertising (Gift #4) -
Page#4
Dan 	Kennedy's 	season's1
.asyreettnoA/4,	/3,1·
Teaser Copy vs. A-Pile (Gift #6) -
Page#4
A Million Dollar question (Gift #8) -
Page#S
MARKETING
LETTER
The Crayon letter (Gift #11) -
Page#8
how-to strategies,
examples, news, opinion ....a
seminar in every Issue.
®	IMPORTANT.	NEWSCHEDULE
UP-DATES - Page #9
Mega-Conference Up-Oates -
Page #10
DECEMBER 2883
In 	late 	October
I 	had 	a 	ten 	day
whirlwind,
very 	rare 	to
me now, 	but 	the
norm 	of 	my life 	a 	few
years 	ago. 	Started 	in 	Phoenix 	with 	a
two 	day 	VIP West 	meeting, 	then 	a meeting
with 	my book 	publisher 	and 	another 	at
Guthy-Renker 	in 	Los 	Angeles, 	a 	flight
that 	night 	to 	San 	Francisco 	(2-1/2 	hours
late), 	then 	a 	day 	of 	consulting 	there,
a 	flight 	that 	night 	to 	Phoenix, 	two
days 	with 	my 	Platinum 	Group 	plus
speaking 	the 	first 	night 	at 	Joe 	Polish' 	s
boot 	camp, 	a 	flight 	to 	Vegas 	the 	2 nd
night, 	to 	speak 	the 	next 	morning.
Squeezed 	within 	these 	days, 	two 	tele-
seminars, 	four 	scheduled 	telephone
appointments. 	A full 	day 	meeting 	at 	my
office 	with 	Bill 	Glazer 	and 	his 	team,
dealing 	with 	business 	transition
issues.
I 	was 	in 	Las 	Vegas 	in 	October, 	the
night 	of 	the 	NBA exhibition 	game, 	the
Lakers 	and somebody. 	A casino 	host 	told
me 	the 	game 	had 	never 	sold 	out 	before
- 	but 	this 	year, 	seats 	originally 	sold
for 	$80. 	00 	were 	being 	re-sold 	for
$6,000.00. 	Why? 	Kobe, 	of 	course. 	There
are 	some 	things 	about 	the 	American
public 	that 	are 	hard 	to 	understand
although 	relatively 	easy 	to 	predict.
It 	reminds 	me of 	the 	instant 	aftermath
of 	the 	Barbara 	Walters 	hour-long 	TV
interview 	with 	Monica 	Lewinsky; 	the
lipstick 	Monica 	wore 	was 	sold 	out 	at
cosmetic 	counters 	nationwide 	by 	noon
the 	next 	day. 	It 	was 	given 	its 	own
nickname 	by 	the 	women 	rushing 	to 	buy
it, 	which 	I won't 	reiterate 	here. 	Beyond
noting, 	possibly 	with 	sadness, 	the
public's 	fascination 	with 	human 	train
wrecks, 	there 	are 	other 	lessons 	in
incidents 	like 	these. 	For 	one, 	there
are 	numerous 	demonstrations 	of 	just
how irrelevant 	price 	and 	price-to-value
is 	when 	people 	really 	want 	something.
Jeff 	Paul 	talks 	about 	the 	joy 	of 	selling
to 	rabid, 	irrational 	consumers. 	Another
way 	to 	look 	at 	that 	is 	the 	creation 	of
a 	sales 	environment 	that 	stimulates
irrational 	desire.
This 	is 	one 	of 	eight 	"biggies" 	we hit
on 	during 	this 	Platinum 	meeting. 	Ron
Ipach 	is 	the 	Member 	who caught 	it, 	re-
framed 	it 	and 	enunciated 	it 	succinctly
as 	a 	major, 	million 	dollar 	value 	"to
do" 	i tern 	for 	everyone 	in 	the 	group.
Just 	in 	case 	they 	missed 	it, 	I 	put 	it
in 	a 	follow-up 	FAX. 	If 	you're 	at 	the
December 	Boot 	Camp, 	you'll 	hear/will
have 	heard 	it 	mentioned 	there 	too.
I 	was 	in 	Vegas 	to 	speak 	to 	the 	Lawyers
Marketing 	Group's 	conference 	which
frankly 	was 	a 	little 	painful. 	Even
though 	they 	were 	at 	a 	(Con' 	t. 	Pg. 	3)
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 1 of 34 --

1..•• 	,.,,,.
,;
"S.f.,f.• •J .. l"	.,, ' 	,.	. 	.
. 	.
·-:; 	..
.,,,, 	.....
..... 	,•,1.
. 	--i 	:	. 	.
~~
~:Wlli~ 	c::~·
:~,.,.,.t.'1-~	,,.. 	',"'\
i;.	..•
'-
,.. 	....,.
.. :.~
·~	-..
,,..,_. •....
Page 2
Happyff 	olidaj!~
There are simply too many Members to send separate holiday cards to, too many to say 'thanks' to
individually, 	so this will have to do. I have some degree of personal relationship with nearly a
thousand of our thousands of Members. While I will not send each a personal greeting, I want you
to know that I very much appreciate your involvement and participation, 	the articles, ads and
examples you send me, the notes and FAXes.I heard from many of you after my divorce, again
from many after I mentioned my father's death. I did not acknowledge most of those cards and
letters individually, 	and do so now, here. Hope you understand, the individual correspondence load
would be too great. I count many of you as friends but there are even too many of you to extend
holiday greetings to individually.
During my struggle years I found Santa aaus to be a formidable opponent, and viewed the holiday
season as one of the worst problems faced all year. It is only in the last handful of years or so that
I've actually been free to really enjoy the holidays. These days, I bemoan the expansion of Santa
Claus' grip on the calendar for a different reason; I think the season is too long to have meaning or
be enjoyed. Christmas music in the malls was welcome the day after Thanksgiving; the day after
Halloween it is an annoyance. I know of no way to shove Santa back inside a reasonably sized box.
I think retailers who panic very early and start price cutting miss the message being sent by the
public. I don't think people are telegraphing a refusal to buy, just a plea to shorten the season. If
you are in a Christmas business of any kind, I guess you've had no option but to lengthen the
season, start earlier, to avoid being left behind.
Entrepreneurs have a vastly different holiday season experience than all other ordinary mortals.
While the troops put the brakes on early and barely function in the workplace, focused instead on
lunches, parties, gift buying, travel arrangements and so on, we have our usual fight, pushing the
dumb and slow to get things done, now multiplied. I understand this all too well. Regrettably I
offer little useful advice. If you con, simply surrender, toke a few weeks off, and amuse yourself by
watching those less fortunate mired in the holiday season quicksand. If you can't, recognize what
you are dealing with. Know that getting people to be responsive is ten times more difficult thus
requiring ten times more diligence, close supervision, than usual.
Anyway, I hope you find time this month to take a breather and truly enjoy the holidays with
family and friends. It is a good time for reflection, for re-establishing or strengthening important
relationships, for gratitude, for forgiveness, for celebration.
GLAZER-KENNEDY	INNERCIRCLE 	KENNEDYINNERCIRCLE,INC/
SEE SPEC I RL
INSERT THIS
MONTH FOR NEW
CONTACT
I NFORMRTION.
DANKENNEDYOFFICE.
Officephonu areanswerediive" only Wednesdayafternoonfrom 12:00
p.m. to 4:00 p.m. Arizona Time. All other times, calls are routedto voice
mall. You can FAX anytimeto 602/269-3113. Routine customer service
calls are usually handledwithin 72 hrs. Plr•agee 1nd/orFAXeafor me
will be forwarded if I'm travellng.If judged urgent, I do my best to respond
within 48 hrs. If non-urgent,they go in my return work pile. In all cases,
continuing/retainerclients have to be given priority. Crttlquu often re-
quire 4 to 6 weeks for response(sometimes even a bit more). Please
don't submit critiques that requirequick response,such as to meet an ad
deadline;your crisis does not becomemine. All critiquesare done in the
order in which they are received.
KennedyInner Circle, Inc.
5818 N. 7th St., #103, Phoenix,AZ.85014
Phone: 602-997-n0? 	*** FAX: 602-269-3113
WebsiteAddress:www.dankennedy.com
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 2 of 34 --

(Con't. 	From Pg. 	1) 	marketing 	event, 	their
discomfort 	with 	it 	was palpable. 	I welcome,
however, 	the 	ones 	who joined 	Inner 	Circle
and 	invested 	in 	my 	Magnetic 	Marketing
System. 	But 	I 	want 	to 	tell 	you 	about 	one
who 	didn't. 	This 	uptight, 	pinched-face,
anal 	retentive 	fellow 	cornered 	me 	on 	a
break, 	with 	the 	list 	of 	bullet 	points
published 	in 	the 	literature 	about 	the
contents 	of 	my speech. 	He had 	meticulously
re-numbered 	them 	in 	the 	order 	he 	heard 	me
cover 	them, 	and 	was 	complaining 	about 	the
three 	he 	believed 	I had 	omitted. 	Instead
of 	staying 	focused 	on 	the 	entire 	context
of 	my message 	and 	on 	taking 	notes 	on 	what
he 	might 	use, 	he'd 	devoted 	his 	attention
to 	holding 	me 	accountable. 	Oh, 	and 	get
this: 	one 	of 	the 	items 	he 	was 	annoyed 	I
hadn't 	covered: 	the 	five 	things 	clients
hate 	about 	lawyers. 	Every 	once 	in 	a while
there's 	a 	bonehead 	like 	this 	in 	an
audience, 	like 	the 	nitwit 	at 	one 	of 	Ron
LeGrand' 	s Information 	Marketing 	Boot 	Camp
who 	stick-counted 	the 	number 	of 	times 	I
said 	"uh." 	Here's 	a 	tip: 	in 	whatever
circumstance 	you 	find 	yourself, 	stay
focused 	on 	acquiring 	something 	useful.
Not 	being 	a 	critic, 	not 	being 	offended.
The only 	worthwhile 	question 	is: 	what 	did
I 	get 	I 	can 	use?
I have 	a huge 	library. 	But 	if 	I kept 	every
book 	I 	read, 	it'd 	require 	a room 	the 	size
of 	a 	football 	field. 	Often 	I 	tear 	out
only 	a 	few 	useful 	pages 	and 	discard 	the
rest 	of 	the 	book. 	But 	I'm 	perfectly 	happy
with 	shelling 	out 	my ten, 	twenty 	or 	thirty
bucks 	and 	finding 	only 	three 	worthy 	pages.
Most 	of 	my 	success 	and 	prosperity 	has
been 	fueled 	by 	single, 	very 	brief 	ideas
and 	strategies, 	by 	a 	sentence 	here, 	an
insight 	there. 	From 	one 	four 	day 	seminar
nothing 	more 	than 	one 	idea; 	that 	idea
alone 	has 	been 	worth 	millions 	of 	dollars
to 	me, 	and 	has 	governed 	the 	way 	I 	do
business 	for 	more 	than 	2 O 	years. 	Do 	I
care 	about 	the 	absence 	of 	fruit 	and 	fresh
juice 	at 	that 	seminar's 	breaks, 	the
offensive 	rant 	the 	speaker 	went 	off 	on,
the 	hours 	of 	tedious 	"hot 	seats" 	I 	had 	to
suffer 	through, 	etc.? 	No.
The 	meeting 	was 	at 	Mandalay 	Bay, 	so 	I
stayed 	there. 	And 	I would 	not 	do 	so 	again.
Page3
Inspite 	of 	the 	new 	topless 	beach 	area.
Solely 	because 	of 	how bad 	and 	inadequate
the 	signage 	was, 	so 	it 	was 	difficult 	to
find 	my way 	from 	point 	A to 	point 	B. 	~his
points 	out 	how 	"little 	hinges 	swing 	big
doors" 	- 	this 	case, 	swing 	'em 	closed. 	We
need 	to 	be 	constantly 	vigilant 	for 	the
little 	things 	that 	annoy 	our 	customers
and 	undermine 	all 	the 	smart 	marketing 	we
employ.
Want 	a 	customer 	satisfaction 	secret?
Continental 	Airlines 	is 	once 	again 	serving
ice 	cream 	sundaes 	in 	First 	Class, 	about
halfway 	through 	long 	flights. 	It 	is 	hard
to 	stay 	mad at 	somebody 	who 	is 	giving 	you
ice 	cream. 	My hair 	stylist 	of 	many 	years
routinely 	provides 	neck 	rubs, 	explaining
"A five 	minute 	neck 	rub makes 	up for 	a lot
of 	bad 	haircuts."
Joe 	Polish 	had 	his 	biggest 	boot 	camp ever,
with 	nearly 	600 	people 	in 	attendance. 	The
stage 	flanked 	by 	the 	2003 	'Better 	Your
Best 	Contest' 	top 	prize, 	a shining 	yellow
Hummer, 	and 	next 	year's 	top 	prize, 	a
Corvette. 	Any niche 	information 	marketer,
speaker 	or 	consultant 	really 	should 	see
this. 	Joe 	has 	done 	a 	truly 	extraordinary
job. 	He is, 	in 	fact, 	a dominant 	figure 	in
his 	industry. 	This 	is 	not 	happy 	accident.
He 	is 	now 	harvesting 	after 	years 	of
planting 	and 	fertilizing, 	as 	it 	is 	in
most 	businesses. 	Most 	entrepreneurs 	miss
the 	harvest 	by 	not 	preparing 	for 	it, 	not
even 	recognizing 	when 	it 	is 	at·hand. 	You
need 	to 	think 	strategically 	in 	terms 	of
setting 	up 	the 	harvest.
Well, 	we 	end 	another 	year 	together. 	I
sincerely 	hope 	yours 	was 	as 	good 	as 	mine.
We 	have 	a 	few 	weeks 	left 	- 	hopefully
something 	in 	this 	Issue 	can 	still 	be
deployed 	for 	profit 	by 	you 	before 	you
close 	the 	book 	on 	'03. 	As 	my 	Christmas
Gift 	to 	you, 	an 	oversized, 	overstuffed,
Exhibit-rich 	Issue. 	Also, 	THE BACK PAGE
is 	a guest 	article 	from 	America's 	#1 sales
trainer, 	Tom 	Hopkins. 	I 	suggest 	taking
its 	title 	to 	heart. 	Now, 	let's 	all 	roll
up 	our 	red 	velvety 	sleeves, 	tug 	on 	our
bushy 	white 	beards, 	and 	get 	to 	work .... 	DSK
□ 	GIFT#l: 	JINGLE 	IN YOUR POCKET. 	THE
CHEAPESTFREQUENCY.I have emphatically 	stated,
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 3 of 34 --

long taught, 	and often proved 	that every business
profits by putting out a newsletter 	to its customers
(and targeted 	prospects, 	centers of influence, etc.)
but I rail against the quarterly or bi-annual or every-
once-in-a-while 	approach. 	To be perceived, 	looked
forward 	to as a "publication", 	frequency 	and
consistency 	are 	required. 	Also, 	frequency 	Qf
communication 	with· customers 	is...Yi.tal.anyway 	-
big thumb rule: list loses 10% of value each month
it is neglected. 	(Snubbed, 	a better 	word. After I've
given you money as a customer, 	not hearing 	from
you is being snubbed.) 	But the cheapskates 	squeal
like pigs about the cost. The dysfunctional 	and lazy
moan 	like beached 	whales 	about 	the agony 	and
difficulty 	of writing the thing. One answer to the
latter 	complaint 	is having it done 	for you. Many
niche 	industry 	leaders, 	like Joe Polish to carpet
cleaning, Ron Ipach to auto repair, 	etc. offer such
services - consult 	the directory 	of these folks in
your 	Million 	Dollar 	Resource 	Directory 	on 	the
dankennedy.com 	web site. If you're 	a Realtor, you
should definitely contact Craig Forte re. his 'Service
For Life' newsletter,@ 	520-546-1349. 	If a dentist,
chiropractor 	or other health 	professional, 	contact
Jerry Jones re. 'Healthy, Wealthy And Wise' @ 503-
371-1390. 	However if you want to do this quick,
easy, 	dirt 	cheap, 	consider 	the...newsletter 	on...a
postcard. 	You've probably 	seen Michael Kimble's
'World's Smallest Newsletter' before. Here, EXHIBIT
ill, is Gold+VIP Member Paul Searby's version, 	for
dental 	practices. 	You should 	be able to copy this
format 	and knock out each month's 	in under 	30
minutes.
□ 	GIFT #2: 	A PARTRIDGE IN A PEAR TREE.
THE BEST WEAPON A B-2-B'ER CAN HAVE. The
parade 	of business-to-business 	marketers 	who
refuse 	to adopt 	consumer 	marketing 	"looks" and
tactics is never-ending. 	That's the few B-2-B'ers who
enthusiastically 	embrace what works in consumer
marketing 	have such a big advantage. 	EXHIBIT#2,
from Gold+ VIP Member Al Williams, is a "Vacation
Giveaway" promotion 	- 	the 	sort of thing 	you'd
expect, 	say, 	a car 	dealer 	to 	use. 	Al is a top
commercial mortgage broker, financing apartment
buildings 	and 	other 	commercial 	properties, 	and
dealing 	with 	very 	sophisticated 	investors 	and
commercial 	real 	estate 	brokers. 	His vacation
promotion 	has worked 	for him 	like gangbusters.
EXHIBIT#3is the front 	and 	back 	of his postcard
designed to stimulate referrals. 	Note it uses a tweak
of the 	Caples 	"Laughed" 	headline 	and 	another
headline you might expect to see in a sleazy tabloid
or 	'rag' 	opportunity 	magazine: 	HOW TO MAKE
$500.00 IN 5 MINUTES. My point 	is simple: what
works, works. Period.
□. GIFT#3: A NOSE THAT GLOWS. One way to
stand out and involve a reader in your sales message
Page4
is with provocative 	questions 	your 	audience 	will
not 	know 	the 	answers 	to, 	but 	would 	want 	to.
Gold+ VIP Member 	Arlene 	Eakle markets 	info-
products, seminars and genealogy research services
to amateur 	and pro genealogists. 	Here are a few
questions 	from her most recent 	sales letter:
250,000 personswere executed as witches.
What languagedid convictedwitchesin France
speak?
In five states the wife's namemustappearon
grantor deedsto certify consentto the sale -
whichfive states?
- 	If a manownsland in more than one county,
where is his will filed?
What one genealogysearch-engineindexes
every namein every genealogyand family web
site?
□ 	GIFT #4: 	PARTRIDGEIN A PEAR TREE, AND
GLOWINGNOSE. In most industry 	trade journals,
most ads are from equipment 	manufacturers, 	and
most are very institutional, 	dull and boring. 	The
trade journal of the music industry 	is no exception.
That's why EXHIBIT#4stands out like a glowing red
nose in the dark. It's the partridge; 	the consumer
ad "look" 	in a business 	environment. 	The ad is
topped by a photo you might expect to see in an ad
for condoms 	in a magazine like Maxim or FHM, or
for a real estate company in a newspaper 	ad about
first-time 	home 	buyers, 	or something 	else very
consumer-ish. 	The ad itself is one long testimonial,
in Scott's 	voice. 	The copy 	seamlessly 	goes from
Scott's 	testimonial 	into 	an 	offer 	with 	freebies.
Unfortunately, 	they fail to put 	a hot title on the
free info kit, and offer only one means of response-
two huge mistakes. But otherwise, it's a winner.
□ 	GIFT#S: 	THREE LORDS A LEAPING. Three
envelope Exhibits 	to consider ... Welcome back to
the unending 	A-pile vs. B-pile debate. 	Some are
totally 	dogmatic 	about 	this, 	insisting 	on A-pile,
sneak-up, 	no exceptions, however split-tests 	often
produce 	other 	envelopes 	that whip the sneak-up.
With the new non-delivery 	problems (See Pg. #10 ),
a lot of us will be putting 	new priority 	on A-pile.
Still, facts are facts, and there is infinitely more B-
pile than A-pile mailed, and again, split-tests often
prove 	a B-pile envelope 	a winner. 	For example,
EXHIBIT#5 is an envelope 	Platinum 	Member (and
new Publisher 	of this Letter) recently 	tested. 	This
is a 9x12" window envelope. 	The version 	shown
here, has teaser copy on its front (in blue ink) 	and
its back plastered 	edge to edge with testimonials.
Showing 	through 	the window 	is a personalized
headline 	with the recipient's 	name in it. This was
tested against an identical 9xl2" window envelope,
with identical personalization 	through the window,
no teaser 	copy, 	blank 	back. 	Ihe. teaser 	copy/
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 4 of 34 --

testimonial version beats .the..."blank" outside
version 	Izy_a__whopping.3..2%.To be fair, even the
"blank" 	version 	isn't 	true 	A-pile, due 	to the pre-
printed 	postal indicia (rather 	than live stamps), the
P.0. Box in return 	address. 	Still, a lot of marketing
gurus would have wagered 	on the "blank" version
as the winner.
EXHIBIT#6 is a "control" 	used just about as you see
here, year after year, by one of the largest 	direct-
marketers 	in the 	food/gift 	category, 	Figi's. 	The
envelope 	is used as a billboard 	front and back, the
back 	side's 	flap headlined: 	6 REASONSTO OPEN
THIS ENVELOPE!then in "Reason Why Advertising"
format, six good reasons 	are given. The front of the
envelope 	includes 	a full-color 	decal 	of a toy you
can get for just a dollar; the sticker's an involvement
device too. I like the 	"6 Reasons Why" approach,
and if mailing with B-pile look and teaser copy, I'd
use this approach.
EXHIBIT#7 is from Gold+ VIP Member Mike Miget. It
is classic 	A-pile, 	perfectly 	executed. 	The return
address 	is one of those 	little address 	stickers 	like
Grandma uses. Real stamp. Personal sized envelope.
The handwritten 	addressing 	is not handwriting; 	it
is a font from an off-the-shelf 	software program.
The ultimate 	message 	about 	envelope 	design: it's
very important, 	and worth 	split-testing, 	or testing
against 	a control.
□ 	GIFT#6: FOUR PIPERSPIPING. Personalization
and Customization 	is rapidly 	becoming 	the hottest
new trend in direct-mail, 	and I've seen case histories
where doing both produces 	response improvements
of as much as 400% over controls 	absent 	the two
elements. 	The article 	reprinted 	from DM NEWSon
the last page of this month's 	Exhibits describes 	a
direct-mail 	piece 	utilized 	by cosmetic 	surgeons,
which is personalized 	with each recipient's 	name
and has optional 	paragraphs 	of copy switched out
to match 	the prospect's 	gender, 	age and interests.
The recipient 	is referred 	to by name 	throughout
the copy - and that 	itselfs 	nothing 	new. Readers
Digest 	and 	Publishers 	Clearinghouse 	have 	been
doing it for years. Long before computers, 	"guerilla"
mailers 	did surname 	mailings, 	so they could mail
all the Kennedys, 	then 	say Mr. Kennedy 	over and
over throughout 	the copy. (A trick you can still use
today, 	by the way.) 	Anyway, here 	are 	the 	"four
pipers":
1. Exterior envelope or see-through window
personalization
2. Personalization/Name, City, etc. 	in
Headline
3. Personalization throughout the copy
Page 5
4. Customization: different 	blocks of copy
depending on recipient
Incidentally, 	this 	goes 	hand-in-hand 	with 	the
enormous 	opportunity 	that 	comes 	from 	micro-
managing 	and 	segmenting 	your 	customer 	list - a
subject 	I deal with in this month's 	Marketing 	Gold
Letter, for Gold Members. 	I show how these 	four
tactics 	- personalization, 	customization, 	micro-
management 	and 	segmentation 	- produced 	a
20,000% return-on-investment 	from 	one mailing.
If you 	are 	not 	a Gold 	Member 	and 	upgrade
immediately, 	I'll see that you receive the December
Gold Letter.
□ 	GIFT#7: 	SANTA 	STUCK IN 	CHIMNEY. 	I
believe 	I offered 	some sort of prize 	for anybody
who jumped 	on the California governors' 	circus as
a marketing 	gimmick, didn't 	I? Yes I did. Incredibly,
only 	one Inner 	Circle 	Member 	sent 	one 	in. I'm
embarrassd 	to admit 	that, but there 	it is. It's like
having 	Santa get stuck in the first chimney 	of the
night and never deliver the rest of the gifts. Anyway,
EXHIBIT#8 is Silver Member Scott Dantzer's 	FAXto
me explaining 	his promotion, 	and EXHIBIT#9 is his
sales letter 	and 	response 	form. As you'll 	read, 	it
pulled 	2.5% from a cold list, and an InfoUSA list at
that 	(never 	the best quality). 	Scott did a brilliant
job. 	Of equal, 	arguably 	greater 	importance 	he
leaped 	into action 	and got something 	done. 	Fast.
(In real life, the tortoise 	wins.) Apparently 	a lot of
other Members were stuck in something. 	( Congrats,
Scott. Vicky'll be in touch re. prizes.)
□ 	GIFT#8: 	NQI 	A FRUITCAKE. INSTEAD,
ANOTHER SMART MARKETINGQUESTION. It's a
mystery, 	isn't 	it? - nobody 	eats those 	things, 	but
millions 	are 	sold. 	Just 	as big 	a mystery, 	the
fruitcakes 	who 	assume 	they 	know 	how 	their
customers 	think, 	what 	they want, why they buy,
what's 	important 	to them. 	If you 	get a business
owner to make a list of the things that are important
to his customers 	in priority 	order, get customers 	to
do it, and compare, 	you'll be shocked. 	That's why
the question 	Gold+ VIP Member Dr. Charley Martin
posed 	to the other 	members 	at the last meeting is
such a good one:
"What would you like from your dentist
that you don't get? 1
'
Here's a revelation: 	none of the answers 	had to do
with 	dentistry, 	with 	the 	core 	services 	being
purchased. 	None. They had to do with being greeted
by first name 	or "Mr.", being called 	in from the
reception 	room 	or having 	someone 	come out 	to
greet them, concern calls, neck massage, music, etc.
In short, it's the overall 	EXPERIENCE(Con't. Pg. 8)
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 5 of 34 --

The 	8/6
UNIQUE 	SELLING POSITION/
PROPOSITION 	Vs. DUMB 	SLOGANS
How To REALLY Differentiate 	Yourself In
The Marketplace
Christmas 	arrived 	early with an article FAXed to
me by Gold+ Member Chris Di Re, reporting 	on an
extensive 	survey 	to 	measure 	the 	impact 	of
advertising 	slogans. 	Among 	the 	slogans 	and
advertising 	tag lines 	for 	22 of the biggest 	U.S.
advertisers, 	only 6 were recognized 	by more than
10% of the consumers 	surveyed. 	In other 	words,
not even 	1 out 	of 10 consumers 	could correctly
identify 90% of the slogans. 16 of the 2 2 advertisers
had slogans no one knew- each spending more than
100-rnillion dollars a year advertising them!
Three of these much advertised 	slogans scored 0%
recognition. 	0%! Take the test, see if you can name
any of the big, dumb companies 	that match these
slogans: (Answers at bottom of page 11).
1. We're With You
2. 	That Was Ea~
3. The Stuff 	Of Life
Only Wal-Mart's "Always Low Prices" was recognized
by 64% of the consumers 	tested. (And by the way,
if you can't 	have the lowest prices, you might as
well be the highest. 	Not much 	cache in "Almost
Always Almost Lowest Prices Most Days".)
Those faring 	poorly, 	like #1 above, argued 	that
they'd only been advertising 	their slogan for TWO
YEARS!!!!	- and, quote, "it takes time to build brand
identity." 	#3's spokesman 	justified their 	disaster
as 	" only a transitional 	slogan", stating they were
moving 	toward 	yet 	another 	new brand-focused
identity, whatever the beejeezus that is. Translation:
new slogan being thunk up.
The real laugher is that the copy of this article Chris
sent me was from USATODAY'sweb site, and at its
end, two companies paid to advertise their services,
doing, yep, "corporate 	branding.
Is A Slogan 	A Brand?
Isn't 	A Slogan 	just 	Like A USP?
No, a.slogan 	is...no.ta brand, 	and these results 	are
not exactly 	an indictment 	of all brand-building
approaches. 	For example, 	the kind of "personal
branding" 	that Peter Montoya and I discussed on a
Page6
Lesson
recent 	Marketing 	Gold Tape encompasses 	more
than 	a slogan, and is usually 	more targeted 	to a
market. However it's easy to have that go awry and
wind up with branding 	that looks good but does
nothing. There's a tightrope 	to walk there, and it's
easy to fall off. Most ad agency types do.
A slogan is_ definitely 	NQLa..l.IS.E,although 	it can
represent, 	telegraph 	or at least be congruent 	with
a USP.Actually, Wal-Mart's is the only slogan in all
the ones tested via this survey that enunciates 	a
USP. It is, not 	coincidentally, 	the only 	effective
DAN 	KENNEDY'S
UNIQUE 	SELLING 	PROPOSITION
OUESII0N°
Why should I, 	your prospect, choose to do
business with you versus any and every other
option?
**Question developed 	in 1977. Copyright
protected. 	Rights reserved.
OTHER 	SMART
DIEEERENIIAIIQN 	OUESTI0NS'
What one thing do you do better than
anyone else?
What are you knownfor?
(If your customers 	are asked to summarize
their experiences 	with you in ten words or less
what will they say?)
What do you WANT to be knownfor?
slogan. The others not only fail the Dan Kennedy
USP Question#!**, 	they also are so generic 	they
could be used by anybody. For example, "That Was
Easy" could certainly work for Boston Market - how
easy it is to put a 'home 	cooked' 	dinner 	on the
family table, or for DiTech - how easy it is to get a
home loan. Warning: if anybody and everybody can
use your 	USP,it ain't one. If any and every Tom,
Dick and Mary can use your 	slogan, why on earth
would you want it?
In each of these cases, the minute 	the ad agency
charlatans 	revealed these slogans in the corporate
clients' boardrooms, 	the CEO's should have stood
up, pulled out a gun, shot one of them somewhere
it would really hurt 	and bleed 	a lot but not kill
him, and yelled "Next."
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 6 of 34 --

Page?
Of 	The 	Month
This is the kind of chronic stupidity 	I encountered
when 	working 	with 	big, 	dumb 	companies 	like
Weight Watchers 	and Mass Mutual. (Incidentally,
Weight Watchers could use any of the above three
dead 	bang 	loser 	slogans. Mass could use two of
them. And probably would.)
For the record, 	some of the other losers from the
survey:
4. ''The Good Life. Great Price." - 2%
5. 'We Bring Good Things To Life" - 3%
6. 'Your potential. Our passion." - 1%
Every company behind these losers had a spokes-
person 	ready 	with 	an 	excuse. 	Nobody 	said,
truthfully, 	"We're idiots."
Be Very 	Hard 	On Yourself
And 	Anybody 	Who 	Contributes 	To
Your 	Marketing
My ex-wife often said I was too hard on myself. My
current 	companion 	has 	made 	exactly 	the 	same
statement, verbatim. Well, you don't get rich, create
international 	prominence 	as an expert in anything,
master a craft, before age 50, by being a pussy about
it. You can't 	be giving yourself 	"time out cards"
and 	sitting 	around 	crosslegged 	on the yoga mat
reading 	Dr. Phil books and squeezing stress balls.
Doesn't cut it.
One place you gotta be really, really tough is toward
the marketing stuff you spew out, or let others spew
under your name. When I stand in a seminar room
and watch and listen as Platinum Member Jay Geier
plays actual audit 	call, mystery 	shopper 	tapes of
each doctor's office, and we all hear how incredibly
horrible and sloppy and dumb and ill-prepared 	the
people handling 	the calls sound, and a doctor fails
to sign up to get it fixed, I wonder: don't you have
any PRJDE?Thatstinky, smelly verbal vomit is going
out there from you.
When I see really 	dumb 	or pitifully 	ineffective
advertising, 	lousy copy, money wasted, I wonder
the same thing. 	It's going out 	there 	under 	your
name. 	Maybe I just detest 	being laughed 	at and
making an ass of myself more than most people. If
I was CEOof the companies behind 	slogans #1, #2
or # 3, heads would roll when I saw this survey. And
my spokespeople 	wouldn't 	be blathering 	to the
reporter 	with excuses either. 	I'd tell the reporter:
"I owe our stockholders 	and our customers a huge
apology 	for wasting 	their 	money 	and for hiring
stupid people. Today I have fired the stupid people.
I am personally 	rolling up my sleeves and fixing
this. Within 2 weeks, you'll see ads and commercials
that actually say something." 	Too hard on myself,
huh?
How 	To 	Create 	'Separation'
One of the goals of USP-based identity is separation;
separating 	yourself from competition 	and clutter,
so you stand out on a hilltop, with everything 	else
distanced 	from you, down below you. 	There are
only five ways of doing this:
1. Product 	2. Price 	3. Process
4. Service 	5. Marketing
Having a truly unique product is as rare as catching
Dennis Kucinich making sense, and even if you have
one, you won't keep that position long, so #1 is a
poor choice. Price is the worst option, unless you
are at the very high end of your spectrum and using
that 	position 	to attract 	exceptionally 	affluent
customers 	- and again, it's hard 	to sustain 	price
positioning, 	low or high.
'Process' 	offers 	more 	opportunity. 	The 	"carpet
audit" 	Joe teaches 	the carpet 	cleaners or similar
diagnostic 	processes 	can provide 	basis for a USP-
based marketing 	story. Cancer Centers Of America
has a process story that separates it from all other
medical alternatives. 	'Process' is a way of making a
non-unique 	product 	feel unique 	to the customer.
In our non-service world, service can certainly be a
means 	of separation, 	and 	can 	be married 	to
dramatic 	guarantees. 	I recently 	talked to Gold+
and 	Gold+ 	VIP Members 	about 	replacing 	the
antiquated 	"find a need and fill it" with "find out
what really p.o.'s customers, 	fix it, and advertise
it". I used VIP Member Bob Higgins as example: as a
painting contractor, 	he promises his painters won't
play loud 	rock music, smoke, cuss, stink 	up the
bathroom 	or leave a mess behind, and will show up
as scheduled. 	These are 	service pledges 	directly
responsive to consumers' common complaints. (See
EXHIBITID 	for his latest 	2-sided 	Free Standing
Newspaper Insert. Note the "5 headaches" 	copy.)
Of course, marketing - our kind of marketing - can,
in and of itself, create separation. 	If everyone else's
looks alike, you win solely by looking different. 	In
a room of "blue men", the green one stands out.
Through one or more of the five, you need to ideally
develop actual, legitimate unique selling position(s)
or, at least, 	the 	perception, 	the feel of unique
position.
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 7 of 34 --

that 	matters 	most. 	Then 	there 	are 	1,000 	"little"
things that make up the "experience." 	So, here's a
good question 	to ask people about 	your 	business
- 	strangers 	you meet on a plane, other Inner Circle
Members, your neighbors, 	everybody ....
"What would 	you 	like 	from
your 	<your 	type 	of 	business>
that 	you 	don't 	get?
□ 	GIFT#9: THE GRINCH WHO STOLE HOLIDAY
JOY. Here's 	a tough, 	tough 	YEAR END TEST to
give yourself, 	that may make you happy 	or might
make you grumpy. 	Get a nice, clean yellow legal
pad, pen, favorite 	beverage, 	close the door, throw
the cell phone out the window, and see how many
items 	you 	can 	list 	in 	response 	to 	these
questions ...... make each one the header 	on a page,
and see if you can fill the pages. Anybody who wants
to send me photocopies 	of their 	pages that 	I can
publish, 	I'll fork over $25 KENNEDYBUXfor each,
$100 	KBUXfor best 	- redeemable@ 	May Mega-
Conference. 	Question 	is_:_What do you know now
that you did not know back in January, about .... ? -
Headers are:
1. Your 	business
2. Your 	competition
3. Your 	customers, 	clients 	or 	patients
4. 	One 	of 	the 	leaders 	in 	your 	field
S. 	Direct-response 	marketing
6. 	Getting 	more 	accomplished/time
management
7. 	Wealth 	attraction/finance
8. Yourself
When done, go back and asterisk(*) 	those that have
led to implemented 	changes 	in the way you do
business.
If you have 	100 or more asterisks, you'll lie about
other 	stuff 	too. 	If you 	have 	75-99, 	you 	have
undoubtedly 	at least 	tripled 	or quadrupled 	your
income - congratulations. 	If you have 50- 74, you're
averaging 	one significant 	improvement 	per week
or better 	and that's a pretty 	good pace. If you have
12 to 49, you're 	a plodder. 	If you have less than
12, get a mirror 	immediately 	and exhale on it. If
there's 	no fogging, you expired.
D 	GIFT#l0: 	TWO TURTLE DOVES OR TWELVE
WHATEVERS,I FORGETTHE RESTOF THE DARNED
SONG. Okay, I stretched 	this 	Christmas 	analogy
further 	than 	Bill stretched 	the definition 	of "is".
Enough. The last gift is simple, and one I've given
you many, many times before: sequence. No Exhibit
needed, 	but a lesson 	learned. 	Platinum 	Members
Alan Jacques 	and D.J. Richoux have long thought
Page8
there 	was little 	point 	and insufficient 	time to do
more than one mailing to rented 	lists, to fill seats
at their investment 	seminars. As you might imagine,
I've been arguing the opposite. In a recent test, after
pulling 	a high 	4% from mailing 	# 1, they 	mailed
again 	- doing 	nothing 	more 	creative 	than 	red-
marking the very same piece "Second Notice" - and
pulled 	1.8% from the 2nd whack! In case you can't
appreciate 	the numbers, 	that's 	huge. 	Make a big,
fat note: very, very, very few businesses use a multi-
step sequence, with each step linked to the previous
step(s) (as I teach in 'Magnetic Marketing'), 	so doing
this gives you profound 	competitive 	edge.
□ 	GIFT#ll: 	BABES IN TOYLAND- THE CRAYON
LETTER. Here's the best direct-mail 	piece I've seen
in a long time. Dr. Nielsen and Bill Glazer have done
pieces that come close, like Bill's placemat, and both
their yellow legal pad pieces (knock-offs 	of mine),
but this, The Crayon Letter, trumps 	'em. 	EXHIBIT
tt10. - I've enclosed 	just one of the pages copied in
full color so you can see what the whole piece looks
like. The rest is reprinted 	in dull but 	cheap b/w.
EXHIBIT#11is the step-one letter that precedes 	the
"crayon letter". 	This is so good, it's incredible. 	It's
from Gold Members 	David and Buffy DuPont. I'll
let her tell you about it - and the troubles 	with the
postal service - in her own words:
Hi 	Dan,
The crayola 	letter 	did 	much better
than 	I expected. 	We used 	it 	as 	letter 	#1 at
first, 	but 	only 	saw the 	response 	increase
by 	1% (from 	3% up 	to 	4%, which 	isn't 	bad,
but 	letter 	#2 	only 	pulled 	2%). 	When we
moved 	the 	crayola 	letter 	to 	the 	second
letter 	position 	it 	was phenomenal. 	Letter
#1 pulled 	3% and 	then 	the 	crayola 	letter
pulled 	4-5% by 	itself. 	Were going 	to 	try 	it
as 	#3 next.
We hand 	print 	the 	envelopes 	using 	a
red 	grease 	pen 	(looks 	like 	crayon) 	and 	we
use 	a 	live, 	bulk 	mail 	stamp. 	Most 	of 	the
letters 	got 	to 	the 	prospect, 	but 	we
actually 	had 	the 	mail 	carrier 	bring 	some of
them 	back 	for 	additional 	postage. 	They
thought 	that 	the 	child 	that 	wrote 	the
letter/envelope 	grabbed 	the 	wrong 	stamp!!
We even 	had 	one 	of 	the 	USPS bulk 	mail
people 	tell 	us 	we couldn't 	mail 	that 	piece
because 	it 	looked 	"too 	personal" 	in 	nature
and 	that's 	not 	what 	bulk 	mail 	is. 	He said
that 	we were 	trying 	to 	fool 	people 	into
thinking 	that 	it 	was 	a personal 	letter
(true) 	and 	that 	bulk 	mail 	is 	supposed 	to
look 	like 	an 	advertisement. 	He called 	his
boss 	over 	who charged 	us 	an 	additional 	5
cents 	a piece 	because 	the 	envelopes 	were
"handwritten". 	We hand 	write 	envelopes 	all
of 	the 	time 	and 	have 	never 	paid 	a
surcharge. 	To say 	the 	least, 	some 	of 	the
bulk 	mail 	people 	were 	miffed.
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 8 of 34 --

But.we 	now have 	2 of 	the 	bulk 	mail
front 	counter 	people 	drive 	to 	our 	shop 	for
service. 	They 	must 	pass 	at 	least 	50 shops
before 	they 	get 	to 	ours. 	And I didn't 	even
count 	them 	in 	the 	response 	numbers.
An advertising 	guy 	got 	this 	letter
and 	thought 	that 	it 	was 	so 	"smart" 	that 	he
showed 	it 	to 	everyone 	in 	his 	office. 	One of
his 	co-workers 	said 	"Hey 	I know those
people" 	and 	gave 	us 	a glowing 	testimonial,
so 	the 	owner 	of 	the 	letter 	came to 	the
shop.
Buffy 	DuPont
□ 	GIFT#l2: 	LUMP 	OF 	COAL 	FOR 	THE
EXPERTS.I keep warning 	you about us experts. 	A
few months 	ago, I gave you a great 	quote 	from
Buddha. 	I've told you, no one will 	ever know as
much about your business 	as you will. And unlike
most 	marketing 	'gurus', 	I often 	'fess 	up 	to my
mistakes and failures. So yet another 	object lesson:
a very well-known "Expert" consultant 	in the direct-
mail field 	got Buffy's 	Crayon 	Letter 	to critique
before they mailed it - and urged her to toss it in
the trash and forget 	it. She still thought 	it was a
good idea and sent it to me. I praised 	it. 	But the
point is not that I was right this time - certainly 	I
should have a better chance, as I've seen more than
most, been privy 	to more 	results 	than most, and
specific to this case, done a lot with the yellow legal
pad, hand-scrawled 	version 	of this. But the point
·is: I might be wrong. That's why we test. Test, test,
test. Also remember 	there are a lot of phony experts
roaming around 	out there. A lot of vendors present
themselves 	as experts. 	There's 	a reason 	I get
$20,000.00, 	$35,000.00, 	$50,000.00 	and more 	to
assemble a direct-mail 	campaign. 	There's a reason
somebody 	else will work for $5,000.00. 	Be careful
out there!
IMPORTANT SCHEDULE
UP-DATES
KENNEDY INNER CIRCLE OFFICES
CLOSED FOR HOLIDAYS
12/20/03 	- 	1/5/04
Here is a comprehensive 	up-date 	of ALLscheduled
items into 2004. Please check for those that apply
to you 	and 	enter 	them 	in your 	calendars, 	Palm
Pilots, tattoo 	them 	on your 	thighs, 	wherever 	you
need 	to put 	'em 	so you 	won't 	miss 	something.
(There 	ARE items 	listed 	here 	NOT in previous
Issues.)
Page9
DSKSPEAKINGENGAGEMENTS:
1/10/04 	National 	Speaker 	Assoc., 	Colorado
Chapter, 	1/16 	Int'l 	Cemetery/Funeral
Assoc.; 	2/ 19-20 	Dennis 	Tub bergen 	's
Financial 	Advisors 	Boot 	Camp 	(231-924-
2967); 	3/19 	Rory 	Fatt's 	Restaurant
Marketing 	Systems 	Boot 	Camp 	(604-940-
6900).
GOLD+COACHINGCALL DATES:
12/18 	Group Call With GOLD+VIP, 11:00-12:30 pm EST
1/27/04 	GOLD+ Tele-Seminar, 1:00-2:30 pm EST
2/23/04 	GOLD+ Tele-Seminar, 1:00-2:30 pm EST
3/30/04 	GOLD+ Tele-Seminar, 1:00 -2:30 pm EST
GOLD+VIPCOACHINGCALL DATES:
12/18 	Group Call With GOLD+, 11:00-12:30 pm EST
PLATINUM INNER CIRCLE*
2/10-11/04 	Meeting #1, Phoenix
5/18-19/04 	Meeting #2, Cleveland
8/18-19/04 	Meeting #3, Cleveland
TBA 04 	Meeting #4
TBA 04 	Field Trip & Platinum-Plus Call-In Days
*Limited to 18 Members, all in the information marketing business,
certain qualifications required. Full for 2004. However, you may
inquire re. being added to Waiting List for '05.
GOLD+VIP
East Group#1 Incl. Present Members Renewing
3/9-10/04 	Meeting #1, Cleveland
6/22-23/04 	Meeting #2, Cleveland
TBA 04 	Meeting #3, Cleveland
TBA 04 	Field Trip
TBA 04 	Call-In Days
East Group#2
3/11-12/04 	Meeting #1, Cleveland
6/24-25/04 	Meeting #2, Cleveland
TBA/04 	Meeting #3, Cleveland
TBA 04 	Field Trip
TBA 04 	Call-In Days
West Group
2/12-13/04 	Meeting #1, Phoenix
5/13-14/04 	Meeting #2, Phoenix
WEALTHFOR ENTREPRENEURS
MASTERMIND/COACHING	GROUP*
4/22-23/04 	Meeting #2, Cleveland
9/9- 10/04 	Meeting #3, Loe. TBA
9/11/04 	Possible Field Trip
TBA 2005 	Meeting #4, Orlando (Disney)
*Note; This is a new, one-time only program from late 03 to Spring
05, limited to 12 primary participants. As of this writing, 10 are
filled, 2 available. Program is a continuation from the Wealth
Attraction For Entrepreneurs Seminar. Fee appx. $15,000.00.
Contact the Office, 602-997-7707.
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 9 of 34 --

KENNEDYINNERCIRCLEEVENTS:
12/4-5
5/5-6-04
5/7-04
Consulting/Coaching Biz BC:
dankennedy.com/consultingbc03
Customer Appreciation Mega-Conf:
dankennedy.com/appreciationconf04
Info Marketing Up-Date Seminar:
dankennedy.com/infosecrets04
IMPORTANT	CONTACT
INFORMATION	UP-DATES
Effective January 	1, 2004, all matters regarding this
newsletter, 	Silver Membership, 	Gold Membership
and 	Gold+ Membership 	are the 	province 	of Bill
Glazer's 	office (See Special Insert 	this month 	for
Contact 	Information). 	All matters 	regarding
Gold+VIP, Platinum, 	Platinum+ 	and 	the Wealth
Attraction 	For Entrepreneurs 	Coaching Programs,
the 	May 	Mega-Conference, 	my 	speaking/
consulting/ 	copywriting 	services 	continue 	to be
handled 	by my Phoenix office (See KENNEDYINNER
CIRCLE, INC./DAN 	KENNEDY OFFICE Contact
Information, 	Page 2, this Issue.) Also, note entities
and 	contact 	instructions 	in 	the 	enclosed
Supplement/Letter 	concerning 	everything 	that 	is
new for 2004: Gold+, Look Over My Shoulder, and
the newsletter 	only for info-marketers.
IMPORTANT	MEGA-CONFERENCE
UP-DATES
If you have a confirmed 	registration 	and:
(a) - Have nut logged onto 	the special, 	separate,
different 	web 	site 	provided 	in 	your 	initial
confirmation 	letter, you are NOT receiving up-dates
sent ONLYby e-mail, and may miss out on certain
sessions, opportunities, 	gifts, etc.
(b) - Have nut made hotel reservations 	at our host
hotel, you are flirting 	with disaster. 	Nearly 1,000
of the 1,200 available 	Conference 	seats are taken.
Most of the room block at the resort is also already
taken. If you fail to obtain lodging at the host hotel,
you will be severely inconvenienced. 	You will stay
elsewhere, 	need a car or spend a fortune 	on cabs
(which are NOT readily 	available), 	miss sessions,
etc.
If you 	asked 	for luncheon 	reservations 	and: you
did NOT receive info about the change in luncheon
program 	and 	thus 	did 	NOT 	re-verify 	your
reservations, 	it probably means (a) above occurred.
In 	any 	case, 	you 	have 	had 	your 	luncheon
reservation 	cancelled. 	If in doubt, contact Phoenix
office BYFAX(not phone).
A reminder: 	Mega-Conference 	Deposits are NOT -
repeat, 	NOT refundable; 	reservations 	NOT subject
Page 10
to cancellation 	or transfer. 	Any Kennedy 	Inner
Circle Member attempting 	to secure 	such refund
direct 	from their 	credit 	card 	company 	will have
their Inner Circle Membership 	terminated 	and be
banned 	from future 	Membership 	and/ or events.
RESOURCES
$12-MILLION 	WORTH OF WEB MARKETING
MISTAKES 	- 	And 	Solutions 	From 	The 	7
Masters 	Of The 	Web Universe. 	Like that 	title?
I suggested 	it to Gold+ Member 	Shirley 	Hanson
during 	a Gold+ coaching 	call. Now she's 	got the
product 	done: 	interviews 	and 	case studies 	from
some very 	sharp 	Internet 	folk about 	their 	worst
mistakes and misjudgments about this seductive but
(in my opinion) 	difficult media. Info@
www.StopMarketingMistakes.com.
NEW DAN KENNEDY RESOURCES FOR 2004.
Enclosed, you'll find separate 	information
about 	the three new
resources 	I have
to offer you,
for the New Year.
All three require
prompt 	response
to fully participate.
Final 	Thoughts 	For 	This 	Month
Peri(ous 	'Ti~es 	For 	l>irec+
Mar((e+ers
Gold 	Member Paul 	Hartunian 	alerted 	me to 	the
new 	"bounty 	hunter" 	pursuing 	broadcast 	Fax
users. 	People 	can 	turn 	over 	the 	"junk 	FAXes"
they 	receive 	to 	www.FaxWars.com, 	and get 	paid
$25 	for 	each 	one 	the 	bounty 	hunters 	collect
on, 	presumably 	via 	a variation 	of 	the 	$500. 00-
or-we' 	ll-rat-you-out 	extortion 	letters 	a lot
of 	lawyers 	have 	been 	sending 	for 	some 	time.
A long-time 	Member and 	occasional 	client 	who
shall 	remain 	nameless 	foolishly 	ignored 	my
frequent, 	strident 	opposition 	to 	conditional
guarantees 	and 	withholding 	refunds, 	refused
admittedly 	undeserved 	refunds 	to 	three
customers, 	and 	now has 	the 	attorney 	generals
from all 	fifty 	states 	microscopically 	examining
their 	every 	ad, 	sales 	letter, 	web 	site, 	e-
mail 	and 	underwear. 	Another 	client 	has 	had
newspaper 	ads 	he's 	used 	nationwide 	for 	years
without 	incident 	suddenly 	questioned 	by
attorney 	generals.
Telemarketers, 	e-mail 	marketers 	and 	even
direct-mail 	marketers 	are 	being 	vilified 	in
media, 	assaulted 	by 	regulators. 	The 	Direct
Marketing 	Association's 	convention 	recently
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 10 of 34 --

held 	in 	Orlando 	earned 	a 	big 	article 	in
Orlando's 	newspaper 	- 100% negative, 	brutally
critical, 	portraying 	the 	event 	as 	a gathering
of 	borderline 	criminals 	conspiring 	to 	find
new ways 	to, 	quote, 	separate 	consumers 	from
their 	hard-earned 	money, 	unquote.
The 	environment 	is 	stormy. 	It 	is 	a 	time
requiring 	very 	circumspect 	behavior, 	cautious
claims, 	which 	of 	course, 	brings 	an 	entire
collection 	of problems. 	Clients 	are 	lining 	up
outside 	my door, 	as 	I have a history 	of getting
results 	with 	relatively 	conservative 	copy 	in
a 	number 	of 	difficult 	categories 	including
business 	opportunities, 	investments, 	weight
loss 	and 	alternative 	health. 	I'm 	being 	paid
$50,000.00 	to 	$70,000.00 	and more 	to 	fix 	copy
acquired 	from 	other 	copywriters 	that 	can 	no
longer 	be 	used.
With 	all 	this 	in 	mind, 	I'd 	like 	to 	tell 	you
why you 	should 	NOT celebrate 	•Do 	Not 	Call.•
Oddly 	in 	a 	Republican, 	pro-business-stanced
administration, 	I guess 	while 	the 	White House's
attention 	diverted 	overseas, 	the 	regulatory
bureaucrats 	have 	expanded 	their 	powers 	and
reach 	and basically 	put 	a bounty 	on the 	heads
of 	direct 	marketers. 	Lhear 	many marketers
celebrating 	Do-Not-Call. 	and think 	how foolish
they 	are_. 	Personally, 	I 	hate 	telemarketing
calls; 	I've 	cancelled 	three 	credit 	cards
because 	of that 	company's 	telemarketers 	calling
daily. 	But 	I also 	recognize 	and 	lecture 	about
the 	power 	of 	precedent. 	Look 	at 	it 	first 	in
gontext: 	various 	federal 	and 	state 	agencies
have 	all 	but 	eliminated 	the 	media 	of broadcast
FAX, and certainly 	intend 	to do so. 	California
is 	the 	first 	state 	to 	enact 	anti-spam 	law,
others 	to follow, 	and the 	first 	bill 	is 	already
in 	Congress. 	A 	powerful 	U.S. 	Senator 	has
proposed 	a Do Not Mail 	List. 	Although 	I can't
imagine 	where 	the 	budget 	expansion 	has 	come
from, 	the 	FTC has 	put 	giant 	new 	task 	force
operations 	in 	place, 	one 	policing 	business
opportunity 	marketing, 	another 	the 	Internet,
and yet 	another 	the 	infomercial 	industry. 	The
first 	new FTC rules 	affecting 	direct-mail 	(re.
tear 	sheets 	and 	Post-It 	Notes) 	came in 	on the
back 	of their 	suit 	against 	'American 	Speaker'.
Next 	look 	at 	it 	as precedent: 	attacking 	hated,
vilified 	telemarketers 	was the 	easiest 	place
to 	start, 	the 	easiest 	media 	to 	imprison 	in 	a
new regulatory 	cage. 	Just 	as attacking 	smokers
first 	provided 	the 	path 	of 	least 	resistance.
By not 	fighting 	back 	en masse 	at 	the 	earliest
stage, 	the 	direct 	marketing 	industry 	lets 	the
new 	wave 	of 	regulatory 	interference 	gather
power 	and momentum, 	so 	it 	may be unstoppable
by 	the 	time 	it 	reaches 	the 	next 	media 	or 	the
one 	after 	that. 	Here, 	for 	example, 	is 	what 	I
predict 	for 	direct-mail, 	at 	minimum, 	within 	a
few years: 	all 	"A-pile 	mail" 	made illegal 	for
corrnnercial 	purposes, 	and 	all 	corrnnercial 	mail
required 	to have a large 	"ADVERTISINGENCLOSED"
mark prominently 	on its 	front. 	If 	you wait 	to
Page 11
holler 	until 	then, 	it' 	11 be too 	late. 	I suggest
writing 	your 	elected 	dopes 	now, 	objecting 	to
it 	all; 	to 	Do Not 	Call, 	to 	FAX limitations,
etc. 	Let's 	remember: 	this 	is 	all 	MEDIA. And a
historical 	reminder, 	quoting 	Martin 	Niemoller,
a German pastor, 	read 	into 	our 	Congressional
Record, 	October 	14, 	1968:
'-WhenHitler attackedthe Jews,I wasnot a Jew,thereforeI wasnot
concerned. And when Hitler attackedthe Catholics, I was not a
Catholic and therefore, I was not concerned. And when Hitler
attackedthe unions and the industrialists, I wasnoc a member of
the unions and I was not conttrned. Then Hitler attackedme and
the Proccscancchurchand therewasnobodyleft cobe concerned."
Niemoller, 	incidentally, 	did 	speak 	out 	against
Hitler 	until 	he 	was 	put 	in 	a 	concentration
camp in 	1938, 	soon 	after 	sent 	to 	Dachau. 	He
spent 	four 	years 	in solitary 	confinement 	before
liberation 	by 	the 	Allies 	in 	1945.
As a marketer, 	you need 	to 	take 	a few minutes
now and then 	to 	write 	your 	elected 	officials,
to 	withhold 	campaign 	contributions 	and 	let
candidates 	and 	party 	organizations 	know why,
to write 	letters 	to editors, 	and, 	if 	you happen
to 	be 	a DMAmember, 	to 	be 	on 	its 	case 	about
doing 	its 	job, 	aggressively 	fighting 	FOR
marketers' 	rights.
In 	a 	general 	sense, 	we are 	not 	ending 	this
year 	or beginning 	the 	New Year 	on a good 	note
for 	marketers. 	DSK
T T
Brief Note Re. 2004 Changes
Last month you received a lengthy, detailed letter
describing the transfer of the Newsletter, Silver, Gold and
Gold+ Memberships to the new company, Glazer-Kennedy
LLC, owned and operated by Bill Glazer. If you did NOT
receive a copy of this, please let us know @ the Phoenix
office IMMEDIATELY. In brief, Bill will be assuming
management of this business and contributing to the
newsletter, Gold+ tapes, etc., however rest assured I am
continuing to write the bulk of the newsletter, the Gold
materials, and the Gold+ audios. OSK.
Answers To Test: Slogans registering 0% consumer
recognition: #1, Circuit City; #2, Staples; #3, K-Mart; #4,
Sears; #5, GE; #6, Microsoft.
Source @ www.usatoday.com/money/adyertisio2J
2003-09-30-s102ans.Article by Bruce Horowitz.
Research by Emergence.
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 11 of 34 --

The BackPage
What 	good 	is 	powerful 	advertising
IF YOU CAN'T
SELL?
By 	Tom 	Hopkins
Billions 	of dollars 	are 	spent 	on advertising
campaigns, 	slogans, etc. to get people to remember your
name and buy your product or service. Eye appeal and
great copy writing are essential to advertising 	anything.
You're fortunate 	to have found Dan to work with on
that ~spect of your business. 	Creating an ad that pulls
ten times greater than your last one is surely something
to jump 	up and down about.
But, what happens 	when those 	people call or
come by your business? 	It's a sad truth that businesses
invest 	so much 	money in advertising 	to bring people
in, but don't invest 	in training 	for themselves 	or the
people they expect to make sales happen. 	Selling is a
people business. 	You must know how to relate well to
people in order to turn 	those advertising 	dollars 	into
sales. 	No one will buy anything 	from you until 	they
like you and trust 	you. Only after you've completed
those 	two steps 	will they open up and 	listen 	to you
long enough 	to make 	a wise decision 	about 	getting
involved with your product 	or your company.
When potential clients call, your goal is to make
them 	feel comfortable 	with you. They must 	become
willing to give you their information 	- names 	contact
info and tell you a little about why they called.' In other
words, 	what 	appealed 	to them 	in the ad? Have you
ever asked that question when someone called off your
ad? Have you even asked how they heard about you? I
hope so because 	that's 	how you track 	the success 	of
your ads.
Asking 	questions 	is how you engage 	people.
Answer your phone 	with "Good morning/ 	afternoon/
evening, XYZWidgets. How may I help you today?" Once
you have a general 	idea of what 	they want 	and you
know you have it, go for their contact information. 	"Yes,
we h~ve those in stock. By the way, my name is Tom
Hopkms. 	May I ask who I'm speaking 	with?" If they
ask another 	specific question say, "I believe the answer
to that 	is yes. However, I wouldn't 	want 	to misquote
you. If you'll give me your number, 	Mrs. Jones, 	I can
check and call you right back." If they want to be placed
on hold to wait for you, that's 	okay. Just 	say, "That's
fine, Mrs. Jones, 	I appreciate 	your patience. 	Just 	in
case we get cut off, what's your number 	so I can get
right back with you?" Either way, you've got a way to
reach them.
. Telling isn't 	~elling. Don't be like some people
and give out all the mformation 	people ask for on the
phon~ without 	getting something in return. 	Every time
you give, ask. "Yes, we have XYZ Widgets in stock in
?lue. It's 01;1rmost popular 	color. How many were you
interested 	m?" "The ABC thingamajigs 	run anywhere
frorrl:$19.9~ 	to $~9.95. 	What size and color were you
lookmg for? 	Or, 	How many do you use in a month?"
To make people like and trust 	you 	you must
be likable. By that, 	I mean you must have ~ warm and
friendly smile. Smiles come across on the telephone 	as
Page 12
enthusiasm, 	so keep 	smiling 	even on the phone. 	If
meeting them in person, 	make good eye contact. 	Use
their names when addressing 	them. One caution 	here
is not to jump 	too quickly to using first names. 	You '11
demonstrate 	exceptional 	courtesy by calling people Mr.
or Mrs. until you've earned the right to ask permission
to use their first names.
We tend 	to trust 	people who are like us. So,
search 	for ~om1:1on ground 	with your clients. 	Maybe
you 	both 	hve m the 	same 	town 	or neighborhood.
Perhaps 	you share 	an interest 	in a particular 	hobby.
Don't belabor discussion 	of any topic or get off course.
After all, you're talking with each other for a business
need. 	But, 	warm 	them 	up 	gently 	so they'll 	feel
comfortable and lower the natural defense barriers most
people have in selling situations.
Don't use selling terms with people. They trigger
past fears and negativity 	about 	having been "sold" in
the past. They'll withdraw 	from you and raise up that
barrier again. Ask about their needs, and their wants.
What do they have now? What are they seeking as an
improvement? 	What time frame are they working with?
Getting them talking will help them relax and open up
to you more than if you just start telling them everything
about 	your product 	or service. They might 	not care
about 	knowing 	everything. 	They may only need one
aspect of it in order to make a buying decision. 	So, ask
que_stions. Don't interrogate 	them. Just warmly discuss
their needs. The more they tell you, the easier it will be
for you to know if they're 	a good candidate 	for your
pro?1;1ct and 	to close 	them 	on making 	the 	buying
decis10n.
!mprove your people skills while improving your
marketmg 	efforts and you '11really have something 	to
jump up and shout 	about!
© 2003. Printed with permission of Tom Hopkins International, Inc.
Tom Hopkins is world-renowned as a master sales trainer. "Sell It
_Today,Sell It Now", on compact disc and co-authored by Pat Leiby,
1san excellent resource for learning how to lower sales resistance
and increase sales acceptance in potential clients. For more
information contact us at info@tomhopkins com. Receive free sales
content, tips and closes by subscribing to Tom's selling skills e-
newsletter at http://www tomhopkins com
Afterthoughts 	- 	From 	Dan 	Kennedy
Tom spotlights 	a major 	flaw 	in most small 	businesses
and 	companies 	that 	my Platinum 	Member Jay 	Geier
works 	on 	intensely; 	the 	handling 	of 	the 	inbound
call. 	In 	most 	businesses, 	one 	of 	two 	approaches
exist; 	one, 	anybody 	with 	a 	free 	hand 	grabs 	the
phone 	and treats 	the 	call 	as 	an interruption, 	and
is 	therefore 	eager 	to get 	off 	the 	phone 	as quickly
as 	possible, 	or, 	two, 	there's 	a receptionist 	who
thinks 	only 	in 	te.rms 	of 	dispensing 	requested
information 	or 	taking 	messages. 	Either 	way, 	the
vitally 	important 	function 	Tom 	illustrates 	-
capturing 	information 	for 	follow-up 	- rarely 	occurs.
Tom's 	article 	has 	within 	it 	THE best 	and 	most
effective 	technique 	for 	obtaining 	information 	from
callers 	and 	prospects 	- 	did 	you 	catch 	it? 	Hint:
reciprocity. 	I'll 	clarify, 	next 	Issue. 	Overall, 	I
am 	in 	total 	agreement: 	most 	business 	owners/
marketers 	are 	unbalanced, 	with 	excess 	emphasis 	on
getting 	prospects 	to respond, 	insufficient 	emphasis
on effectively 	handling 	them when they 	do.
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 12 of 34 --

Dan Kennedy's
No B.S. Marketing
Newsletter
December 2003 Exhibits
11 - Front& Back
InciDentallyDr. Paul Searby's Newsletter
Fall 2003 	mini-edition 	Issue 16
Congrats To Andrea Scott, our hygienist! 	Whew! I made it to Fifty! Let's party!
On September28, 2003, our Andrea was 	In celebration of my upcoming 50th
sworn in as the President of the Texas Dental birthday (12/31/53),please accept this gift of
Hygiene Association. She' s graduated from 20% offi Good witil November 21, 2003.
head-honcho of the Houston Assoc. to all of 	Old age doesn't run in my family, so
Texas. Congratulations,A! I'm sure you'll be reaching SOyears is a big deal to me. Let's
a great Prez. (I think she just likes to be Boss) count our blessings each day.
"My Baby's Cuter Thall Your Baby"Dept
.Here's the news on our respective little
kids (I'm sureyou're dying to know tbis .. .)
Angie's grandson, Dominic, has started
walking at the ripe old age of 8 months. Oy!
Andrea's youngestson, William, is now potty
trained. And my 4 yr old Hannah is going to
gymnastics, while Timmy is my baseball star.
If you have some serious tooth problems
and would like to take care of them and save
some money, give Angie a call today.
I hope you'll join us to celebrate my good
health and yours. Call 281-376-4533today.
~-----------------~1 20%Offallrestorallve1
ldenlalworkleXP.11/21/0311
~---------------~
October'sPatient-Of-The-Month
WinnerIs Eileen Waller!!
Congratulationsto Ms. Eileen Waller, our October patient of
the monthwinner. She'll receive a dinnerfor two at her favorite
Pappas restaurant Maybe you can be the next winner. To be
eligil>lefor the next contest, you must keep your appointments,
refer a friend or two, and tell us
your Comfort Dental story. Good
luck! Here's Eileen's story ...
"My friend has no-metalpartials that
she loves. I asked Dr. Searby to make
.1714the same kind since they are light
and attra;;tive. Even though he hadn't
ever done that kind before. they tllr1led
out wonde,fol! I tell everyoneabout my
new teeth. I even stop strangen in the
supermarket.I can 't wait to show off my
smik at my class·reunion in Ocraber.
Thanksa million,Dr. Searby/"
-	Flnltcm.Moll
IJSPoslage
PAID
-PA
P'9nnllNo. 24
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 13 of 34 --

Commercial Real Estate Brokers 	-----------.
Larry CorkinsefMarcusand Mlllichap WonOUT	Last Giveawqy.
We'VeGot Another Luxury 'Dipto GiveAW'{Y This Winter!
Larry Corkinsof Marcusand Millichapis the most recentwinnerof
GoldenState capital's WinterVacationGetaway.Anotherluxury
desert vacationwill be awardedon December21, 2003 to some
lucky commercialreal estate professional.IT COULDBE YOU!
Whatdoesthis vacationinclude?
Thewinningcommercialreal estatebrokerwill receivefour days and three nights of luxuzyaccommodations
for two at the MarriottDesert SpringsResort in beautiful Palm Desert,califomia.He or she will enjoy
relaxingtreatments at the resort's luxurious spa, golf at world famous courses,tennis, fine dining at
award-winningrestaurants, enjoyingthe wannth of
the area's spectacular climate and majestic desert
beauty and more. The trip includesround trip airfare
and all groundtransportation.
How do I enter?
Any commercialreal estate professionalreferringan ..
apartmentfinancingtransactionto GoldenStateCapital ·
between July 1, 2003 and December21, 2003 is
automatically entered to win. It is that simple!
Multiplereferrals count as multiplechancesto win
the trip.
Don'tmissyourdlancet.oget awayfromit ant
Let GoldenState capital help you and your next
apartmentclientwith their financingneeds and you,
like Larry Corkins,may be spending part of your
winter in beautiful,warm Palm Desert,California.
GOLDENSl'ATECAPITAL
74900 Highway 111, Suite 124
lpdian Wells, CA 92210
TollFree 1-800-265-3860
'· 	Direct (760) 346-4971
Fax (760) 346-4400
Email:al@apartmentfinancing.com
TammyUnden.(lefflofGoldenStateQpital andGregWendelken	(right),regionalmanager	Ii
Ma!tusandMilllchap,Inc.presentLarryCorkins(cen1e!)withGoldenStatecapital'sall-
expensepaicl	Winte'Vilcalicn	Getawayaward.
If you are lookingfor an
outstandingCommercial	Real Estate
MortgageCompany,call Al Williams
at GoldenState capital:
(800) 265-3860
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 14 of 34 --

13- front
My Accountant laughed ... Then Cried... Then Fainted
When I Told Him I Was Giving Away $500 Bills/
Mr W,llialtlSand PNCStaff,
Oear · 	-'···• a multifamily	RecentlyI puro-~ 	tl nd
-~plex in sUvenon.Hones y a
•- 	. 	th 	ost efficient	
auly l received e m -..<,no my
and 	pt servicerel<'"-~
prom ed thrOUghyouroffice.
Joanl obl2in 	Your
11wasawondedule,q,enenceeeds	
~g10myn
St:lffwas eredall of my questions
and answfriendlyand professional
II\ a very I will not hesitateII\ the
manner. 	any for
future to ~ yourAn~";"~you
buSinCSS(lealingS.
--·" all myfriends,andbusinCSS
m)'-• 	ll be ,n touch w,th
::~;~;,est	c.ap,talfor their
financialneeds. 	baSb
s·ncerelyJ(b{,l),ltJ1111Ras
' 	• 	Eugene,OR
DearFriends, 	el and hardwork in facilitatingour
Thankyou very much for all your h P 	fessional.competent.helpful
I 	Wefoundthe staffof PNCto be veryandpro in havingto changethe
oan. 	wentverywell 	even 	-" handled	
and friendly. The process 	e firstlookingat we foundthe•=• . and
choiceof propettl'that we werdefinite!do businCSSwitlrPNCagain
the change$ well. We would 	~ends Thankyouagainfor all your
uldhighly,eeommendyouto our 	·
WO 	• 	. 	. 	Salem, OR
help to us in this process.smcereJy	, Alex& o,rotyn Ak/mO.ff,
REAT 	FIXED 	R
· 	- 	LUS 	GUARA
#3-Back
PACIFIC	NORTHWEST	CAPITAL'S
APARTMENTLOAN
REFERRAL	PROGRAM
PacificNorthwestCapitaloffers apartment owners and investorsthe
opportunityto helpa friend,clientor fellowinvestorwiththeir fixedrate
apartmentfinancingneedsandearn a significantreferralfee inthe process.
♦ Simplyrefer a friend, client or fellow investor to Pacific Northwest capital .
for their apartment financing needs.
♦ When that person or persons makes application with our company for a
great fixed rate apartment loan we will send you a check for $500 that
same day, whether or not the transaction ultimately closes! All the person
making application has to do is to mention that you referred them to us.
♦ You can also use this promotion to receive a $500 credit toward closing
costs on your next apartment financing transaction with us!
That'sit. It'sthat simple.Theonly •catch#isthat to be eligible,
loanapplicationsmustbe made before December31, 2003.
Any questions? Call, fax or e-mail as follows:
ALWIWAMS 	.
PacificNorthwest Capital
(206) 264-1325 - Direct
(206) 264-1327 - Fax
(800) 265-3860 - Toll Free
E-mail al@apartmentfinancing.com
Greatfixedrate apartmentloans.Moneyback-plusguarantee.
~1$l!l 	-ll!lmtrUO
Pacific
Northwest
Capital
505 MadisonAvenue, Suite230
Seattle,WA 98104
www.apartmentfinancing.com
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 15 of 34 --

ff
''There's a Good Reason
Thousands of ASCAP Members
Use TAXI to Pitch Their Material. ''
For	the longest time, my
wife Jennifer and I were
skeptical about TAXI. What
songwriter, artist or band in
their right mind would pay
to have their material
pitched?
Truth be told, we really
didn't understand how
TAXI worked, because we
didn't take the time to get
all the facts.
After a friend told us he
had a great experience using
TAXI, we called and got the
information kit. The more
we read, the more TAXI
made sense to us.
Although we were still a
little bit hesitant, we took the
plunge and joined. We knew
that TAXI offered a money-
back guarantee.
That didn't mean they
would guarantee us a deal,
but it did m~ 	that they
stood behind the service
they promised.
I've got to admit, we
were very impressed.
TAXI's staff was extremely
professional, and they
delivered the goods.
Scott Smith -- ASCAP Member
A few months later, we
landed our first placement in
a TV show. And the deals
just kept coming -- one after
another.
We made $18,973 from
Film and TV .deals we got
that year through TAXI.
Okay, so we haven't sold a
million records yet, but we're
making money with our
music while we're working
toward that goal.
Can TAXI do that for
you? That all depends on
your music.
TAXI proved to us that if
your music is great, they
really can get it to all the
right people.
The Independent A&R Leader
1-800-458-2111
advertisement
But TAXI is much more
than an excellent way to
shop your music.
The written feedback
you'll get on your material
is like having a team of
industry veterans as your
own personal coaches.
You'll also get TAXI's
highly acclaimed newsletter,
and a FREE pass for you
and a guest to attend
TAXI's annual convention,
the "Road Rally."
This private convention
is the best we've ever been
to, and worth much more
than the price of your
membership.
So, don't just "think"
you know what TAXI is all
about. Take a little time to
find out about all the ways it
can help your career.
Whether you're pitching
yourself as an artist, pitching
your songs, or going for
Film and TV placements,
TAXI is a great vehicle .
Pick up the phone, and
get their free info kit. We
did, and we're really happy
with the results!
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 16 of 34 --

Bill Glazer
P.O. Box 22354 .
Baltimore MD 2	I 	1203-4354
"How Bill GlazerCanM
And Blneg	~ahlicadgo,	IL Stand :eL~adies
va 	orA 	H 	me
All The Clothes ;: 	ano_To Sell Them
Salvador 	Their Closet"
ArellanoOwner
Le PetiteFashi
1806 S Blue Ions	land
Chica 	s 	Ave
111 go IL 60608-3013
• ull1111ll11llmlnlmll1II	II II	- • 	• 	111111	II 	II 	II	I 1111	nlmll
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 17 of 34 --

#6 - front & Back
11
--------------_;..----_ 	·
--,
! 	-- ·--- ·I
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 18 of 34 --

October8, 2003
RE: California'ElectionPromotion
, Hello Dan- flwiksfor lighting a tire under my butt! Following is a mailing we did for
ourlitigatingattorneynwbt herein Philadelphia,basedon the Califonliaelectionangle.
Now,BEFOREyou tear it to ~ (I) Jetmejust saythat 1'm awaiethispiecoisn't one
for tbs "100 Best Sales Lette(S''books. Heck, I read your 1111wsletter	on Thursday
evening,bought a somowhat-target.ed-but-oold	liston Friday(infousa.com),wrote the
piece inabout2 hoUIJI	on Satur&y, tookSunday off and mailedMonday.
All ta ..n, eaailylets tlan 10 houn of effort from idea to execudon. I thinkthe
importantpointfor us (andyoursubscn'bers)is that l tookthoideaandran with
it. .. and... GOT SOMBTIUNGIN THE MAIL! 	.
Oops,just spminedmy shoulderpattingmyself on the baok...
Theresults? A2.5%mpo'me froma ooldmailing(with oneprospectreqi1esting5
copies,presumablyfor partnerattorneysin his firm). Respectable,sure. But the
IMPORTANTpart le the lifetimevalueof.ourcliente- flaetop 20o/•of our client base
geaerate, teu of thoulla!ldaa year each. Certainlyworth a.S200 marlcetinggamble.
Hercare some key points I think are worth sharing:
Video depositionwork is our most profitableservieeoffering, so this 2-step lead
generatorwas designedto get our idealprospeotsto raisetheirhands, Of the
thousandsof attotnl!J)'sin the Phillymatl(et l'l.VERY smallpEJrcentagehas needfor
this servioe. Byoffering the booklet/LOM m've managed	to,aveourselvesa
LOTofprospect;nimism,
The letter, falli-baok:fonn AND onvelopowore all persoaalizcd- no labels. I
believe the personalizationon tho tespome fonn helped boost response since,tm
prospect djddt peed tos;t it asidefoe'latex'.All be needs to do is jam the thing
rightinto theal(and aendit baok.
The noti, "Fax this ballot ('24hours).•. " might have helped. I notice(!ChatALL
tho nisponsesoamein afterbusiness houl'B.We'll be llUl'e to includoa 'non-
threateni111'	contact in all 1\lturepromotions.
~
Ill
The '?lease Respondby'' datewu haJldstampedIn redon the letter,on the fair
back form ANDon the envelope. I think the lmperfeotionsof the bmd-stamping
addedto the urgenoyandoverall•roughness'ofthepiee<1. A collatingnightnuue,
l:utworth it. 	.
The enwlope (not includedin this fax) was classicA-pile(onlyaddressin return
comer,no companyname or logo)EXCEPTit containedthe message
***BALLOTENCLOSED-PLEASERESPONDBYOdober7 *** with
the date stamp. I've nodoubtthis got the letteropened,•ince the Dew!i headlines
thatweek all beganwith "RecallElectionOcmber7''· Theconversationalready
Wdng place ....
Thanksagain- my subscriptionto your InnerCirclejust pai~ for itselfmanytimesover!
Soot Dantzer
PS • I was nicentlyreadingthroughsomeback issuesand see 1ha1you've been to our
favorite8feakhousein Philly,KansasCity Prime. Give me a call next time yaire in
town,.1'11be tlad to buy you aSlOOKobest.eak(or a $26 Kobeburger,ifyou prefer),
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 19 of 34 --

. , I'
I
QQtober 1, 2003
11contact:2fJJ, 	Esquire
I [CoapaAy12SJJ
l[MdreH 	1:i111
[(CitytJ0)J, 	(IBtateiUJJ 	l[U.p132JJ
PLBAtlllJ Rlll!ll"OND BBJl'O:RB1
OCT0'7 2083
Daar Hr. Ill-Pt N_.,.i7JJ),
Thia Ballot Won't Recall
Callfomla Governor Gray Davie -
But It CAN Http youWinVgyr
·YfrvNgtCUe.
Rltu m The Aa..checl a.Hot Bero,.n..
Clllfomla a 1ao11onTo Noe lvt "'1 llmple
Tip, For Mon Compdlng & ........,,.
VideoTtdmony" ...At NoColt
»erMp• you've heard a ~•w	th1~• 	lt\ the oew• ~llt 	a electLon in Cal1fon1a.
Well, einoe - 	don't have the priv11•v• 	of partiolpat!.nf 	i~ tb•lr 	alection, 	we're askLnv
Y(ll1 to take 30 aftconds to caet your no-obllgatinn 	vote >4th INtrtAt, .. -1~ta1 	.
lOll'r• pr~bly 	fML~l•r with rorte. · our c:.Qurt r~rtin9 	and ea" 	tUdia firtt 	hae
bffn p,rtnert.n9 	"1th pnet19iou• 	Ph1la~lph1• 	attorneys 	ainc• 'It{// ta1.her firat 	'h\11\9b11
eliingle' 	in tJ14, 	Our client• 	\Ille our ·••partin9 	and per ■ wia!ve vidoo/mlt;.media
materL ■ l• to DCl«ll'ATE1n ~uey trial• 	and •■ttleaente,
&a.e:Z!ifitvaras◄ a.mtar
BICI nllllilera, .. but ttw.t•• not why J'• writing 	today.
~ou aea, wa•va just produced a brand new info,..ational 	J:,aoklet for our part.llar
fine 	in tb6 Philadlllphla 	t.rea, •e llffllle ftpa for NOl.'8~ling 	, 1'9N\la ■ iw Vl.dao
T•ti■IOD¥•" Vee these 8 tiPI to ~njeot a OXJUffdose of paycbolo;ieal 	leqrav• 	into your
video depositiona •• ,Witbout compromiain9 your al:hioa or puab1ng procedural 	bOundariae.
J'd lillll! to eend you a c:opy of thie new booklet et no coet and without obliqetion,
but only it: you YOte n, 131.n; tile ettaol\91\ b11llot.
Ne'va printed a vary a ■ -11 ,:,un ot th1a put>llcation, 	80 :.1r'-~,.ll.:~~~=fc~ic.
teetu,o.J!l tn ~ur l•i!l 	argmnt• 	I urqe YO\!t;l! r ■ tur 	hi ■ ba 	o
Califoijij.i, tiictton onOctober	1. Aftai: tba\'. date I simply can t ;uarantee 	we 	e able
to ac~lldllte 	you. 	JUat c1at your vott uti~g th• atucn.o 	nallot, 	and tax tt r1¢,t back
to u11. ---- 	to ntull'n 	tile •olond 	hallot 	~ 00~ 	7,
Sincerely,
, ~ando 	rorta,
' Pre$idut, 	Port•, 	Allaoc!ate,
tt - 1•11 be glad to a ■ nd yuu •• 11111ny	copie• oi 'I aJ,.,,eplet1" fOII' Nmni C...,.ll1ng,
,__ ■ iw Video i.,~ 	•• you like (ju ■ t aaic. a not• on the r■ apon,, ~allot.) 	•by
"ot fax it back to ua r19ht now, while it'• 	fneh 	$n ~ur aind?
-.-
n
·······~·	..••••••·•••·•••••	,,................	,...........	,...........................................................	~-·····1
QUICK 	RESPONSE 	BALLOT
Relllm1h11ballottooi, G4!loeIll l'9CllveYO'olfl'N Ql)py(ieaJ	d"8 llmP.. TIP9For Mort ~l"11 	a
~VldlDT~. 	Vou'ltg91ful1 aoci,utoth-8e•Joll)-4mplemantSll(IJelathlll 	mike 8"/
wllnMt IOokmorec,edll!le. bt!Nlllt 	and likableIOJunn-hllp!ng yauoon1!el!tie~" yourtrial.
c:lrale antPINN
r•UM•••••••-••• .. ••••••••••••.... •••••••••-•• .... •.. ••••••• .. •••• ••••• 1••••• ••• • ••••• .. •• ••••••••• · ••••••••••---••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••;
i 	YES? 	1 	NO 	!
i 	i 	iI I UH videotllllmony In my~• 	enll[ 	! 1d<ill'lUN YIO.Otap ■ dteMilnol'ly or amnot llltllr1ltkld 	!
! wantI\WV llhloli ldVWllllgt lvalillllltUI me, j !ti gmlng IICl~ln 	Iha ocutfoom 	!
I 	I 	I
_ 	f Sendme__ 	aop!M of "latmpl•- 	for 	i 	I
I ! .-. .compelllnat.,.,._..,.~ 	I 	!1 TMtfmo~• 	I 	•
! 	. 	i 	i
: 	! I underlllndIhleput,loa1lollwl antveIll no, 	l 	i
!
i
i
:
iI
ii
! 	l caatandI amunclarnoolllOallon. 	! 	'	: 	· •••• .. ••••• .. ••• .. •••••••••••••••• .. •••••••••• .. ••••••••• •••• • ••••••••••••·••• ......................................... 	• .. ••••••• .. •••••M• .. •• .. ••••••• .. , 	t
• 	I
I FAXthl■ balOl (24 l'n.J., OIi' ~ •• 211-m,0101 	or l'lllum by nwl. We'll rUlh you- "°fl)'(NII) of -a■ lmPI• 	i
j T1PtFar U- 	~lint&..........,. 	Vllleo H•41-," 	l'ly pclllpllldm.m111111. 	i
: 	PlNt■ vwff'Y	your-.in; 	1nrormellon	•m makantOea8I}' ocirectiana: 	i
i 	i	. 	.
i 	~~ 	iI 	;
I 	I ICoataot.1iHIJ, 	•••1- 	:
I [1Coq,any:2$Jl 	f
I llld,clc9ae 1 •ll711 	i
J 	IIOt.ti,1.IOl], 	l(ltate,:nJJ 	Ul.l.p1JIIJ] 	I
i 	iI 	:I 	!
: 	R•pond by FAX(M hnl,) ID 218-731-0107Of' ...... m th .... 	'°'10: 	I
I 	!
I 	Forte& ~s. 	CourtReporting& c... M9dla 	i
• 	1001 LombardSt. 	:
j 	Phlladelphla,	PA 19140 	:
: 	(phone)215-731-1000 	i
: 	(FAX)216-731•0107 	:
• 	I
i 	:s 	:
I &..n!DOFPl!R ~ 	Ul10 	j
i 	OCT07ZUU 	j
i•·••••■ t 11• ■ •••·••·•·•· 	..••• • ttt ■ IIIIIJI II 111I1111111 	I••••·•••• ■ ti ••t ■■ l 111111111 ■•• ■ 1,i 11••• ■••••• 1111111111 • 1 ■■•••••• ••••••J
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 20 of 34 --

www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 21 of 34 --

www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 22 of 34 --

..t
. . . --. 	. . . ,. 	.
I 	. 	....
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 23 of 34 --

;..m< 	, · .	
~t' 	.;:.....
. . · UIIAf•
·. 1:
. ·~
'
a~
~ 	, 	..:.~
·1 	R 	Ir. '
~ ·	~s>r,	I 	~~l: 	. t .· 	1:~,:	1f1 -.I
I ~ 	i . .' 	I 	~ ·. 	~i 	,, . ' 	-~ 	'bJ 	-',
_:J···•--- 	.. i 	·_ 	. '· : 	· . 	:...D)I 	~~	.. ·< 	I 	1 	·-'~ 	! 	·:I 	. : 	·. 	l.--1
I 	, 	1 	! 	I f'f-i 	· 	i 	, · 	i 	1,. 	:
.. .• 	! 	' 	! 	I 	!~ -.I 	i 	'1 	i 	•,, 	w.;,,,.I ' 	~ 	- 	I 	tu'.. 	' 	j 	.
·. 	! 	,, 	i 	! 	·1· . 	: 	, 	I 	. 	j 	j 	~~!. 	i· 	· 	1·
·· ·· 	I 	~ -. ! 	! 	· 	I• 	1 	j 	: 	V,i~ 	I 	· .· ·. 	: 	·
- - . 	I 	I 	I 	I 	.
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 24 of 34 --

111 - 1-Step Letter
Dear New Neighbor,
Here's 	a Special 	•Free
Gi:ft 	that 	Says_
Welcome 	to 	our
Community! 	! J
!!ii 	My name is Buffy (yes, that's 	my real name) and I have moved more
times than I have fingers 	and toes. 	Moving is hard work-packing,
unpaeki.ng, 	setting 	up utilities, 	finding 	new restaurant~, 	an honest
mechanic, 	etc. 	It's 	a time consuming and_ loathsome 	task.
J: CAN BBI.1'1111
try.
No, I won't set up your utilities 	for you, nice
De you remember neigbl>ors coming over to introduce 	themselves 	bearing
all kinds of gifts 	(breads, 	casseroles, 	cakes)? 	Well I do. 	Since I
can't 	bake (not anything 	edible 	I'm told) 	I'm giving you what I can do
well..
A P'RD On. CDNGB
That• • right, 	FREE·, 	Anyway, this 	oil change includes 	5 qts of oil,
grease 	all 	lube points, 	·oil filter, 	top off fluids, 	inspect 	belts 	&
hoses, 	check tire 	pressure 	& check vehicle 	for obvious leaks, 	you
know, what should be the normal oil change stuff 	(although 	seldom is).
De you know what's better 	than FREE?? GOOD, FRBE & PZNDilir; »T BONBST
JIBCDJ1ICI 	Graat cuatomar •aervica 	4o...,•t 	hurt: aithar huh? I'm not
talking 	about our super clean, 	modern state 	of the art facility, 	I'm
not even talking 	about the clean bathroom. 	I'm talking 	about
technicians 	that lOIOWWIIATT!IBY'Rll llODTG. I'm ealking 	about an owner
that goes out of her way to make ypu happy and comforea.b.le. 	I'm
talking 	about truly 	aatisfyizlg 	you, the client. 	I'm ealking 	about Oak
Forest Automotive.
•It's 	assu;,ing 0
to know there are still 	people wb.o ~e honest & can be
trusted 	to give reliable 	·service• 	Debbie Williamson, 	oak Forest
Resident.
•we !lave only good things 	to say about Oak Forest Automotive..they 	have
up to date equipment, 	skilled 	employees.-you'll 	be treated 	as family-•
Rosa & Luke Rezzoffi, 	Long time Oak Forest . Residents.
h.i
·~ 	····-·
......~,.-,
SO, bow can I get this 	great · service 	and free stuff? 	call me at
(713)688-0805 	to set up your super free oil change appointment .
That's 	the only catch, 	you've got to have an appointment 	and you.got
to make it before the date on the gift 	certificate. 	If you do not
need an oil change right 	now, make an appointment 	for later. 	It's
that easy.
Hope to see you soon,
Buffy 	Du.Pont
oak Forest 	Automotive
3419 Ella Blvd.	(_) 	__	_
P.S. I also have a welcome bag just 	for you! 	It contains 	a ·
maintenance 	free car (I'll 	explain 	it when I see you), one of those
nifty 	key magnets, 	a key chain tag, 	$10 in OFA bucks, and a piece of
bubble gum.
·P.S.S. 	catberine 	Laird 	(new oak Forest 	resident) 	came in for her .oil
change & boy was she glad sb.e did-•My 	dad said •never turn down a free
oil change'-(they) 	took care of me & I love the way that 	I was treated
like family.•
P.S.S. 	This offer 	expires 	_________ 	& an appointment 	is
necessary . call now for your appointment, 	(- 	)- 	--
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 25 of 34 --

#12- Side #1
"Doctor" Bob, owner of Higgins Painting has just the PAINTING PILL for you ... and it's easy to swallow, too!
'1'11 CURE 	Your 	PAINTING
HEADACHES 	Once 	and 	For All"
Who you hire to paint your home has a direct 	impact on
your 	physical 	and emotional 	well-being! 	Now, for the re-
cord ...a disclaimer! 	I AM NOT a physician 	nor have I ever
attended 	Med School. 	But, in 31+ years re-painting 	homes
in the Redding 	area I can assure 	you I've seen people ...
-+ 	Sick to their stomachs 	with 	worry ...
-+ 	Migraine 	headaches 	from stress 	when having 	their home painted ...
-+ 	High blood pressure 	and about 	every other malady you can imagine ...
And just 	because 	who 	they hired 	in the past 	1) didn't 	show 	up on
time (or at all); 2) left the home in a total mess; 3) got paint 	on most
every 	thing but the walls; 	4) didn't 	return 	for warranty 	work; 	5) played
loud 	music 	and cussed 	like a Navy parrot ...well, you get the picture!
,,..--~2- Here's 	a prescription 	for you from 	"The Paint 	Doctor" 	...
;11.	·~ "T~k~ One (1) Exterior 	Paint Job From Higgins
c_=:-::.:.	Painting 	& DO NOT CALL ME IN THE MORNING ...
- 	IN FACT... DO NOT CALL ME FOR 8 YEARS!"
Go back and read that prescription 	again .... FOR EIGHT (8) YEARS! Because
that's 	the shortest 	written 	warranty 	we give on residential 	re-paints!
When you contract 	with 	the "Paint 	Doctor" 	you will receive:
• 	A thorough 	examination 	(estimate} 	with NO CHARGE for the office 	call!
• 	A written 	prescription 	for the remedy 	to your painting 	problems!
• 	At least an 8 year written 	warranty 	on residential 	work!
• 	A quote 	that will never change 	unless 	YOU change the scope 	of the operation
• 	A FREE house-warming 	gift 	to celebrate 	your new "face lift", 	and much more!
See the other side of this flyer 	for a VERY SPECIAL OFFER! -+-+-+-+
It didnst take me 8 years of college 	to understand 	what makes a customer 	upset with the con-
struction 	trades ...but I DO HAVE A DEGREE IN "CUSTOMER SATISFACTION"!
**--****-*-***-**-**-**-
"Lifelong 	Redding 	Resident ... Painting 	The Town for Over 30 Years!"
HIGGINS PAINTIN G 	Lic370640 	242-1610
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 26 of 34 --

#12 • Side#2.
Read what a REAL DOCTOR has to say about
Higgins 	Painting:
"Bob & his crew painted my home in Northeast Redding. They started when be said they
would, & they stayed as late and as long as was needed to complete the job. When I select
a contractor I expect quality, value, and responsibility for their work. That way, I don't
worry about the job. It allows me to focus on my work and to come and enjoy the end-product. Hig-
gins Painting did that for me. Each week, someone stops in the street and compliments us on the
house!" 	Allen C. Kroh n, MD . Redding, Ca.
And yet another 	testimonial:
"Simply a wonderful painting experience. Clean & neat. Did the job on time. We were most im-
pressed. We loved the look of our new home so much we had Higgins Painting come back and paint
the interior. 	Bil.l & Mary Stegall, Redding, CA.
We've never buried 	a mistake ... these people ALL LI VED/ (And
quite well, 	too .../ might 	add). 	And they didn't 	have to call Dr.
Laura or Dr. Phil, either/ 	Just 	"Dr. Bob", 	the Paint Doctor/
**********************************
When you hire HIGGINS PAINTING you will enjoy:
• 	A worry-free 	experience 	while your home is repainted.
• 	We'll move everything. 	All you have to do is "open the door and get out of the way"!
• 	No headaches 	worrying 	if the bill will 'mysteriously' 	double by the end of the job!
• 	No migraines 	from ear-splitting 	radios 	(or loud, obnoxious 	painters)!
• 	Employees 	that treat you with the respect 	YOU ARE ENTITLED TO!
• 	Employees 	that can BE TRUSTED IN YOUR HOME!
• 	A $50 deduct 	from the bill ifwe 	don't show up when we say we will (within 4 hours)!
• 	A $100 deduct 	from the bill if we don't 	leave your home as clean/cleaner 	than we found it!
• 	And, (I'm running 	out of space here ... ) IF YOU AREN'T COMPLETELY, 	100% SATISFIED -
IT'S FREE! 	(If you aren't happy with a part of the job we'll repaint it right in front of you. Still not
happy? We'll deducUhat 	area from the job!
********************
"You 're gonna just love how your house looks ••.[ GUARANTEE IT!"
u~
r-------------------------------------------------------------	------------- 	---------7
SPECIAL OFFER 	You and your family are guaranteed to iI
enjoy this custom family potrait session and 8x10 print for genera-! I
tions. Created at the T.A.Schmidt 	studio, around a local park or in 	l
! 	your home .•.this $200 value is a 'must use' treasure. Just call for 	!I 	-- 	I
! your free estimate from 	Higgi,ns Painting 	and contract any interior 	!I 	I
! 	or exterior job by November 22, '03 (you can have the work done anytime) 	!I 	I
I 	I
~-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------	--------1
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 27 of 34 --

ArticleReprint- DMNews_,June2, 2003
PlasticSurgeonsGo Digital
With Personalized	Brochures
By ScottHovmyelz
When a client needed personalized ~rochures on a highly per-
sonal topic - cosmetic and reconstructive plasticsmgery - Toe Doc-
ument Centre called on variable data print technology to create
mailers based on data provided by consumers to a call center.
The Carol Stream, IL, printer's campaign for the American
Society of Plastic Surgery involves
the production of brochures cus-
tom designed for each consumer
who calls the society's call center
seeking information 	on plastic
surgery. One page of the brochure
includes 78 variable sections that
change based on what information
the consumer requested.
The society has used the cus-
tomized broc;:huresfor nine months
and now mails 3,000 to 4,000pieces
monthly through The Document
Centre, which also handles fulfill-
ment 	on 	the 	campaign. 	The
brochures take about a week from
the time they are requested 	to
arrive in the consumer's mailbox.
· which the images differ based on the subject's age and whether she
is interested in cosmetic or reconstructive surgery. Inside, the text
contains information on up to three kinds of plastic surgery, and
the subject is referred to by name throughout the piece.
"If this person is opening this Up, there is some affinity to the
graphics. There is an immediate identification," Rohe
said. "The first thing they see on the cover is _that it's
specific to them." 	.
The brochures also include contact information for
up to six plastic surgeons in the subject's area. The
Document Centre sends the brochures to consumers
in a plain brown window envelope because of their
personal subject matter.
The Document Centre uses a Xerox DocuColor
6060 Digital Color Press driven by a Creo color serv-
er to produce the campaign.
Previously, the society respond-
ed to 	consumer 	information
requests simply by shipping them
a list of plastic surgery experts in
their area.· That was ineffective
becauseit didn't convey a person-
al message anti actually cost more
Brochures	reach the
consumer'smalbox about a
week after they ... 	reques1ed.
The Document Cen-
tre uses the sheet-fed
DocuColor 	· 6060
because of its in-line
finis4ing capabilities
- 	which allow the
brochures to be folded
in the press 	- 	and
because it makes it eas-
ier to switch between
paper stocks, a more dif-
ficult task with roll-fed
printers, Rohe said.
than the current campaign because the old mailers were heavier,
said David Rohe, owner and president ofThe Document Centre.
Each wee~ the society uploads a Microsoft Excel database of
consumers who have contacted its call center for infom:i.ation.
Each entry contains the consumer's name, address, gender and
areas of interest in plastic surgery.
There are four basic brochure templates, a generic one for men
' interested 	in cosmetic plastic surgery and three for women in
The American Soci-
ety of Plastic Surgery
campaign requires The
Document Centre to print
volumes that vary week to
week on demand, a requirement that is growing more common in
· the print industry, Rohe said.
"We don't care if this time they download 300 to us or next
week they downlo~ 900," he said. ■
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 28 of 34 --

Last Chance\
NEW GOL D+ ME MBERSHIP 	ACTIVATION FORM
FOR 	2004
'IJ,e.6	!ban, ~ !Bill - &unt me in /e4tl,,e tUUJ. ~+ 	g eJ.eeo.adung,	9',uup,am!
l98ouJ,"'flJ,,	ttW6UUJout on tld6 would 6.ea fuup.nwtafte!
3 U1UUMuuul	t1u,t ,pu,,'ll kgin, auu-c/u,,iguuJ	""I cudil, ca,uJ,$ 197J)Ouu:11,
nuudlt, ~ in j,anua,uJ2004. 3 am, al,calllt6e, canal if, un/u,,pplJ-
31 !I'm /au. and not in tl,,e,/;Mt200 t.a.U6pond, ,pm'll I.etme luu,u,. 3'u.e
mi66e.dOllL
Member Name ______________________ 	_
Member contact information, if different from/ In need of up-date from current info on file.
Street Address ______________________ 	_
City/ State/ Zip _________________ 	_
Phone ______ 	_ 	Fu 	_______ 	Email _______ 	_
Note: Providing tllc above iaformatioa co ■ stitlltes permiaioa for Glu.er-Ke ■ aedy IDDcr circle a ■cl Kcaacdy laacr CirclcJac
to coatact member via tllcsc mcus with updates, special offers ud other iaformatioa.
Credit Card# 	....,.....--,,..-,--,----,,,,,.---=--~~----,---~ 	Exp. Date: _____ 	_
Optioaal: Altcl"llate Credit Card to keep o■ ffle ud use oaly if aeedcd to avoid disruptio ■ of service.
Credit Card # ______________ 	Exp.Date: _____ 	_
Signature ofCardbolder: 	_______________ 	_
FAX TO: (410) 727-4174
Attention : Dar lene
Glaz er-Kenned y Inn er Circ le
Note: You must be a Gold Member, witb Gold Membenbip paid through 12-04 to participate in
Gold+ If you need to upgrade or extend Gold you will be contacted.
Ur gent 	D
N · 	l1esp
eededl 	onse
•
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 29 of 34 --

www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 30 of 34 --

ENROLLMENT/SUBSCRIPTION 	FORM 	FOR
LOOK 	OVER 	DAN 	KENNEDY'S 	SHOULDER
AND 	FOR
ULTIMATE 	INFORMATION 	ENTREPRENEUR 	SPECIAL
REPORTS/NO 	B.S. 	INFO-MARKETING 	LETTER
Name ________________ 	_
Address _______________ 	_
City-State-Zip____________ 	_
Phone------- 	FAX________ 	E-Mail,__________ 	_
Providingabove informationauthorizesKennedy-LilloAssociatesto communicatewith you via above media re. your subscriptions,
other products,servicesand offers.
LOOKOVERSHOULDER
_ 	CONTINUITY
_Non-Member
_Silver 	Member*
_Gold 	Member*
_Gold+ 	Member*
Gold+VIP*
_Platinum*
_ 	12-MONTH TERM
_Non-Member
_Silver*
_Gold* 	.
_Gold+*
_Gold+VIP*
_Platinum*
*Based on your 2004 Member status.
- 	CheckONEFeePreference:
312.50/month**
292.50/month**
275.CO/month**
119.00/month**
109.00/month**
79.CO/month**
3,375.00**
3,159.00**
2,970.00**
1,285.20**
1,177.20**
853.20**
**U.S. Members. If Canada, add $5.00 month/$60.00 year, if other foreign add $9.00 month/$108.00 year for
additional shipping/handling costs.
ULTIMATEINFORMATIONENTREPRENEURREPORTSAND
NO B.S. INFO-MARKETING	LETTER- CheckCorrect FeeYouShould BeAssessed:
_ 	Non-Member or Silver Member* 	66.42/month**
_ 	Gold Member* 	58.10/month**
CHARTER DISCOUNT RATE for first 150 Gold Members*** 	41.42/month**
*Based on your 2004 Member status.
**U.S. Members. If Canada, add $2.00 month/$24.00 year, if other foreign add $6.00 month/$72.00 year for
additional shipping/handling costs
***If you are NOT in first150, you will be charged the non-Charter GOLD rate.
_ 	"I AM A GOLD+04 MEMBER - I get my first month FREE!" .
PAYMENT INFORMATION: 	□ Check - For Prepay ONLY 	(Payable to Kennedy-Lillo Associates)
□ Charge My Credit Card: 	□ AMEX 	□ VISA 	□ MC
Card# _______________ 	Exp. Date___ 	_
Signature Of Cardholder Authorizing All Above Charges:
__________________ 	(Required)
FAX TO: 	330-922-9833
Kennedy-LIiioAssociates
102 Graham Road
Cuyahoga Falls, OH 44223
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 31 of 34 --

www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 32 of 34 --

A giant 	bribe.
Each Member who participates 	in EVERYTHING: Gold and Gold+
Membership, Look Over My Shoulder, and Ultimate Information
Reports/Info-Marketing 	Letter 	will receive personally autographed copies of
all 3 of my new NO B.S. books, when they are published and hit the
bookshelves in August of 2004. 	Simply FAX the Form below to MY office 	at
602-269-3113, and, well, wait.
NAME ______________ 	_
YES, I 	HAVE DONE IT 	ALL: GOLD+,LOS, AND UIR/IML 	as listed above.
I want those darned books. Autograph them "to" as follows:
_ 	All three to me, the nameabove
_ 	NO B.S. BUSINESS to ___________ 	_
_ 	NO B.S. SALES to ____________ 	_
_ 	NO B.S. TIME MANAGEMENT to _______ 	_
I recognize this is going to give you writers' 	cramp, but I don't care!
SHIP TO ADDRESS
_ ·_ 	Same as you have on record
Street 	________________ 	_
City-State-Zip 	_______________ 	_
FAX TO 602-269-3113
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 33 of 34 --

www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 34 of 34 --

