INSIDETHIS ISSUE 	WARNING:
The "new" strategy of Behavioral
Targeting - Page #2
Will insulting Paul Newman sell
coffee? - Page #3
Dan 	Kennedy's
ULTIMATEINFORMATION
MARKETERS'SUMMIT, Nov. 04, filling
up fast. You NEED to get in NOW,
before you get locked out. Go
immediatelyto dankennedy.com,
'No'B.S.
AD EXAMPLE OF MONTH - Page #3
Lead Generation With Postcards/
Review Of Basics - Page #3
MARKETING
LETTER
to the Info-Summit Section, or call
410-951-0147. (Additional info, this
Issue, Page 10.)
DIRECT-MAILEXAMPLE OF MONTH
- Page#3-4
how-to strategies,
examples, news, opinion ....a
seminar in every Issue.
9
NEWOFFICELOCATION:
Glazer-Kennedy Inner Circle
8600 LaSalle Road
Chester Bldg., #321	Yanik Silver's Internet Marketing -
Page #11
THE BACK PAGE: Bill Glazer's
Outrageous Advertising
JUNE 	2004 Towson, Maryland 21286
Ph. 410-951-0147
Whew. 	Just 	finished 	the 	Mega-Conference, 	3
Day 	Info-Marketing 	Seminar, 	immediately
followed 	by producing 	an infomercial 	starring
Robert 	Wagner, 	immediately 	followed 	by 	a
consulting 	day 	with 	my 	client 	Joe 	Polish,
immediately 	followed 	by 	Gold/VIP 	West 	and
Platinum 	meetings. 	What 	did 	you 	do 	in 	the
last 	week? Kidding 	aside, 	I see 	such a dramatic
difference 	in 	the 	level 	and pace 	of activity,
productivity 	and 	accomplishment 	between 	most
of my VIP and Platinum 	Members and most 	other
Nation
FAX 410-825-3301
civic 	club. 	He is 	running 	late, 	hits 	heavy
cross 	town traffic, 	barely 	gets 	there 	in 	time.
The group 	of 	about 	300 is being 	served 	dessert
as 	he 	hustles 	in. 	No podium 	in 	sight, 	no
meeting 	planner 	rushes 	to 	greet 	him. 	He says
to himself: 	I've 	been treated 	worse. 	Introduces
himself 	and 	delivers 	his 	45-minute 	speech.
Most barely 	pay attention 	to 	him. 	Some rudely
whisper 	in conversations 	while 	he is 	speaking.
When he's 	finished, 	a 	smattering 	of 	polite
applause. 	Only 	a few come over 	and thank 	him.
USATODAY·FRIDAY,MAY 14,2004 · 3A
Meteorite	lil<ely	caused	massextinction
Impactsite
identified
ByDanVergano
USATODAY
NASAscientists have ideriti-
fied a 125-mi!e-wideer• ·
cc{ 	d·' -
aliiiifwithU1~loc;a\10μbf'
th~in~_te.~'.s:it;1P~~f;,. ·: -~..'. Pangea
2so!ilJili~n~i:s'.'gQ	+
the coast of Aw"· 	---------	
likely impact si	
.or;,..... 1--.1- :::il1 	businesspeople 	I 	know,
it's 	like 	comparing 	Derby/
Preakness 	winner 	Smarty 	Jones' 	stretch 	drives
with 	a turtle's 	stroll 	on 	the 	beach. 	(Joke:
guy finds 	turtle 	on his 	doorstep. 	Picks 	it 	up
and 	throws 	it 	as 	far 	as 	he 	can. 	Eight 	years
later, 	he finds 	a turtle 	on his 	doorstep 	again.
Turtle 	says: 	"Hey, 	what'd 	you 	do that 	for?")
You 	just 	have 	to 	find 	ways 	to 	organize,
discipline 	and motivate 	yourself 	to 	get 	more
done, 	faster. 	Not 	more 	started. 	More done.
True story, 	fortunately 	NOTabout 	me. A speaker
accepts 	a 	luncheon 	speaking 	gig 	for 	a 	local
burst of volcanic activity or
sudderi climatechange,but ev-
idence of an impact-triggered
catastrophe has grown.
"I think we have a cor· ·
ing case" that a meteori•
gered that extinction,
ologist Luann Beclcr
University of Calif,
Barbara. A report
group, due to 1-
preparefor future ones.
Duringthe Permianera,
today'scontinents wer ·
in a supercon ·	
-,, d 	.
- . iourr-.-· 	Only after 	returning 	to his 	office
and 	finding 	a phone 	message 	from 	the 	meeting
planner 	does 	he realize 	- he was a day 	early.
You can 	get 	ahead 	of 	yourself. 	Anyway, 	I'm
gonna 	try 	and use 	YOURtime 	very 	wisely, 	here
and now, with 	an Exhibit-rich, 	strategy-packed
Issue 	....
□ 	NAGGING 	ABOUT: 	RICHES 	IN 	(ETHNIC}
NICHES. Both in this newsletter 	and in my 'No B.S.
INFO-Marketing 	Letter' exclusively for information
marketers, 	I have 	been 	talking 	about 	under-
exploited ethnic target marketing 	opportunities 	for
months. Here's more: Hispanic spending (appx. 780-
billion) will exceed that of African-American 	(77 3-
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 1 of 32 --

Page2
billion)by 	2005. Both Hispanic and Asian markets 	: • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • •
are easily targeted; 	.they_~ 	community 	media; 	• 	For New Members Only 	:
and they demonstrate 	exceptional 	responsiveness 	: 	(Continued From May Issue) 	:
to advertising 	in their languages. Pass-along rates 	• In the past few months, thanks to Bill Glazer and his team's 	•
of publications 	are higher than with English pubs; 	• outstanding efforts as well as a few key speaking engagements of •
for example, La 0'Pinion, the largest Spanish lan- 	• mine, thousands of new Glazer-Kennedy Inner Circle Members have •
• begun reading THE NO B.S. MARKETING LETTER. As you may not •
guage newspaper 	in the U.S. has daily paid sales of ! be nearly as familiar with me, and the purpose, value, content mix, :
about 130,000 copies, but tracked readership multi- 	• 'tone', etc. of the Letter, r thought this might be a good time to •
ples to 700,000. 	Costs per thousand 	for Spanish 	• make a few introductory comments. 	•
• 	•language print and broadcast 	media are consider- 	• 	Kennedy-Style 	Marketing, 	summarized, 	Part 	1 	•
ably lower than 	English media, yet response 	can 	• 	•
equal or surpass the bigger audience, English media. 	: It's all about results. 	N!il opinions. 	A governing principle 	:
Three places to research 	ethnic media: www.allied- 	• is that your friends', peers', competitors', trade associations', 	•
• employees', spouse's, mother-in-law's opinions, even your own •
media.com, 	a_nd_www.ethnicprintme..dia.com, 	• opinions, 	do NOT count. 	The only votes that count 	are •
:WWW...illQU.dQtiJ:IIBs.-..C.Qm.	Info-marketers 	and 	• accompanied 	by money. 	•
• 	•	opportunity-marketers: 	I recently 	reported 	on 	• There 	are 	three 	fundamentals 	to 	ALL successful 	•
Rodale's 	terrific 	success with Spanish 	language/ 	• marketing, 	of equal 	importance 	to one another. 	One: •
MESSAGE; what )cQ.!LfilU'..about yourself, 	your 	products, 	•
Spanish media for its 'South Beach Diet' books-you 	services, 	offers, guarantees, 	company, 	features, 	benefits, 	•
should take note, and take action. I believe this is a 	customers, etc. that is compelling and magnetic to a particular 	•
audience. 	Two: MARKET; ~ you choose 	to craft 	the 	•
neglected opportunity 	for all kinds of national and 	message for, and deliver it to. Three: MEDIA; how you get •
local businesses. 	Now, what will YOU do about it? 	the message to the market in a way that is effective, efficient 	•
and affordable. 	•
□ 	MOST INTERESTING AD ARGUMENT I'VE
SEEN IN A WHILE. 	(In the 'coming 	attractions'
last month, I promised 	you a way to operate 	with
zero competition. 	Here it is.) There's a new, hot ad
buzzword 	- "behavioral targeting." 	In essence, it
means 	identifying 	and going after your prospect
based 	on 	his 	behavior, 	rather 	than 	his
demographics, 	and using this as means to find him
and 	communicate 	with 	him 	in 	places 	your
competitors aren't advertising. 	As example, lets use
Gold/VIP Member 	Darin 	Garman, 	who wants 	to
reach affluent investors sick and tired of uncertain
and unsatisfactory 	stock market yields, who might
invest in heartland-of-America apartment buildings.
The logical, core media 	for Darin includes 	Wall
Street Journal, Barons, Investors 	Business Daily,
Forbes, Fortune, Worth, Robb Report, Millionaire,
Mutual 	Funds Investor, 	maybe 	Money 	and Inc.,
however 	lots of other 	investment 	advertisers 	are
right there with him. But suppose Darin discovers
that 	96% of his best investors 	all play golf three
times 	a week, and 	frequently 	take 	"golf trips".
Armed with this behavioral fact, he places his ad in
the back section of Golf Magazine where all the
resorts 	and golf schools advertise. 	His is the lone
investment 	ad, surrounded 	by ads urging readers
to come to Myrtle Beach, Pebble Beach, Aruba, etc.
for golfing vacations. 	Or he discovers that 70% of
all adult males involved in martial arts are affluent
investors, 	so he starts 	advertising 	in Black Belt
Magazine. 	Good strategy or bad strategy? 	Andrea
Ching, an expert 	at mOneWorldwide, 	an online
media buying agency, says she is "not convinced
that reaching an active financial trader in the sports
section is worth 	as much as reaching 	him in the
investment 	section" 	- 	"there's 	nothing 	that
substitutes 	for 	reaching 	someone 	in relevant
context." 	That 	runs 	contrary 	to 	a long-used
•	Assumptions 	verboten. 	Do IlQ1 assume your mail will be •
opened, 	your ads read. 	Do IlQ1 assume 	your 	customers 	•
remember your story or believe your promises. Instead, think 	•
and act as if they do not. 	•
•	Direct-response 	QNLY. 	Brand-building, 	if it occurs, 	is •
happy by-product, not purpose. Image is sacrificed for impact. 	•
Nothing 	that 	cannot 	be accurately, 	ruthlessly 	tracked, 	•
measured 	and held accountable ever done. 	•
• 	•	• Long copy. 	"Experts" 	and the ignorant 	(often the same •
• people) 	keep insisting 	that 'long copy is dead' .... that "our •
• clientele" is too dumb/too 	busy/etc. to read long copy .... that 	•
• times have changed and short copy is in, etc., etc. ad nauseum. 	•
• They said this in 1940. 1950. 1960. 1970. 1980. 1990. 2000. 	•
• 2004. 	Wrong before, 	wrong now. 	EMPIRICAL EVIDENCE •
• PROVESVIRTUALLYWITIIOUTEXCEPTIONthat long copy sells •
• more. Bring me any actual 'control' using brief, short copy, •
• let's make a $50,000.00 wager, I'll replace it with long copy, •
• re-test, loser pays. 	•
• 	•• Ugly, 	clunky, 	odd 	outperforms 	pretty, 	elegant, 	•
• normal. 	Same 'control' 	wager is available. 	•
• 	•• One-step, 	one-hit 	marketing 	is stupid. 	If you 	are 	•
• going to mail one flyer and stop, stop before you mail the •
• one flyer. Repetition - but not dumb ad agency, image, brand 	•
• repetition 	- 	is absolutely 	REQUIRED to get maximum 	•
• response, 	usually 	just to get satisfactory 	response. 	ALL •
• marketing 	message deliveries should be done in message- 	•
• linked, strategically timed SEQUENCES,	usually multi-media. 	•
• (Example: 3 letters, each 15 days apart; FAXes and e-mails in •
: between; voice broadcast 	before and after 3rd mailing.) 	:
• No media 	is different. 	Whether 	the Yellow Pages, Val- •
• Pak, a flyer stuffed under a windshield wiper, a web site, etc., •
• what works, works; what doesn't, doesn't. Copy that sells is •
• copy that 	sells. 	No business 	is different. 	You think 	•
: yours is. Such thinking severely limits, restricts, strangles you. !
• No market 	is different. 	People are moved 	to respond 	•
• and to buy by exactly the same collection ofE-FACTORS (see: •
• Midas Touch Selling), emotions, 	benefits 	and arguments, 	•
• whether they are Fortune 500 CEO's or factory workers, rich •
• or poor, educated or uneducated, 	young or old, etc. 	•
: Discrimination. 	The antiquated 	but still popular 	sales 	!• axiom is: it is easier to sell to those who are not interested 	•
• than it is to find those who are interested. 	My marketing 	•
• does the opposite: protects and preserves your resources and 	•
• time, to sell only to those who are highly interested. 	And to, •
• as quickly and cheaply as possible, repel those who aren't. 	•
• There's no bonus given at the bank for degree of difficulty; 	•
• the easy sale pays the same commission as the hard one. 	•
• 	•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 2 of 32 --

practice 	of savvy 	business 	opportunity 	and
franchise 	advertisers 	placing 	their 	display 	ads in
newspapers' 	sports 	sections, 	not 	the 	business
sections. Are they right? Or is Ching right? 	I think
she's full ofb.s., because standing 	out from clutter,
and reaching 	your 	ideal customer 	at a time and
place where his guard is relaxed 	and you are free
of direct competition related to your message is one
of the most 	powerful 	tactics 	used 	by the 	most
successful 	direct-response 	advertisers 	I know,
including 	many 	"stealth" 	millionaires. 	I'd wager
Ms. Ching has never spent a dollar on advertising,
marketing 	and selling anything 	of her own , has
zero street experience, 	and probably 	has an MBA-
thus the trifecta of ignorance. And specific to online,
I have a Platinum 	Member 	(who, in this context,
asked not to be named or have specifics disclosed)
who is spending $12,000.00 a month running a tiny
ad on a particular 	web site, 	completely 	out 	of
'relevant context', and bringing in over $40,000.00
month after month ....this ROI superior to that same
ad placed on directly related websites. 	Still, this is
a very interesting, 	evolving debate in ad circles and,
if you're a student 	of the game, you'll want to pay
attention. 	The article featuring 	Ms. Ching is from
the 	5/3 	DM NEWS, incidentally. 	To practical
matters, you ought to give very serious thought 	to
how you 	can use 	'behavioral 	targeting' 	to find
advertising opportunities 	outside 'relevant context.'
□ 	ADVERTISING EXAMPLE OF THE MONTH:
THE 40-MINUTE DIVORCE. 	Here's 	a solid lead
generation 	ad (EXHIBITtl1.), making very good use
of relatively small space. This is a variation 	of our
'classic' WARNING-typead i.e. WARNING:DON'T DO
X UNTIL.It is also selling against something (hiring
a lawyer), and taking an "against" position is a relia-
bly productive 	ad strategy. 	(Bill Glazer has used it
for many years in his menswear 	store advertising;
against the giant discount 	warehouse 	stores.) The
copy is almost perfectly conversational, 	written like
real people talk, beginning 	with the first sentence
hemming and hawing: "All right, first of all, let me
say." 	Words throughout: 	stinks ....muck. 	It's not
"ad-dy", and that's 	good. Offers phone or web site
for response. Errs in not ID'ing the 24 hour hotline
as a free recorded 	message if it is; if it isn't, errs in
not offering two alternate 	phone 	numbers, 	one to
a live human 	for instant 	personal 	assistance, 	the
other to a recorded 	message for more information.
This is the kind of ad that could prove evergreen,
able to run week after week after week, continuous-
ly, in this and other publications, 	never producing
any flood of response, but producing 	a very steady,
predictable 	stream, and that is an asset worth inves-
ting heavily in developing, 	testing and perfecting.
□ 	MORE ABOUT "AGAINST" 	ADVERTISING:
WILL INSULTING PAUL NEWMAN SELL MORE
'DEAN'S BEANS'? 	I happen 	to be a proponent 	of
Page3
living on the dangerous 	brink of war via attention-
getting, controversy-producing 	'attack marketing.'
In fact, 	I built 	an 	entire 	campaign 	for 	my
forthcoming, 	new NO B.S. BUSINESS SUCCESS book
based on attacking 	that liberal hypocrite 	Michael
Moore - 	unfortunately, 	my less-than-courageous
book publisher 	nixed the entire 	thing at the last
minute, 	so book 	to press 	without 	the 	'attack
chapter', 	promotion 	neutered. 	Anyway, there's 	a
very good article about this subject featuring a story
about Dean's Coffee vs. Paul Newman in the April
2004 issue of INC. MAGAZINE. The Deans ad, aimed
at socially conscious 	retailers 	(like food co-ops),
headlined 	'I HATE TO BE THE ONE TO SPILLTHE
BEANSON PAULNEWMAN',then talking about how
Newman's 	company 	is using beans 	bought 	from
roasters who don't participate 	in some kind of fair
trade deal, while Dean's Coffee bears the Fair-Trade-
Certified label. Nell Newman, Paul's daughter, 	who
runs their coffee company said: "I WASPISSEDOFF.''
The fact that she was says Dean might just be onto
something. 	It's a very instructive 	article, 	and 	I
suggest dropping by your library - 	you know, that
big building that has back and current 	issues of a
gazillion 	magazines 	for your 	use, free! - 	or, 	I
suppose, 	going online, 	getting 	it and reading 	it.
(Copy sent in the Futility File to my publisher.)
□ 	DIRECT-MAIL: 	POSTCARDS 	have 	grown
increasingly 	popular 	of late 	with 	many 	of our
Members 	and 	my clients, 	in part 	thanks 	to an
expanded 	array of size and format 	options. 	They
are especially appropriate 	and useful for delivering
very simple messages, such as for lead generation.
EXHIBIT#2 is from Gold/VIP Member Al Williams, a
successful 	mortgage 	broker 	in 	California 	and
Washington, 	specializing 	in loans 	for apartment
buildings and commercial 	properties. 	I've shown
you its front and back; front great; back not so good.
The front uses a dramatic photo of Alan Greenspan,
an image that haunts 	the nightmares 	of all fixated
on interest rate movement (and fortuitously timely,
as, as I'm writing this, and as his postcard mailed,
Alan was being named to an extended 	term at the
Fed by President 	Bush.) 	The copy on the reverse
side of the postcard 	isn't bad, but it fails to utilize
the 	BASIC TOOLS OF LEAD GENERATION: (a)
an offer of free info, compelling 	to the target, 	(b)
free 24-hour recorded 	messages; (c) expire dates,
deadlines, specific urgency. In order to deliver more
message, I'd opt for the oversize postcard. But even
in this restricted 	space, what I'd do is shown as
EXHIBIT11.2A- compare 	the two and you tell me -
who built the better mousetrap?
□ 	DIRECT-MAIL ( ... MORE) EXAMPLEOF THE
MONTH. (In 	last 	month's 	coming 	attractions, 	I
promised an example of conversion 	of an ordinary
business 	to something 	special. 	Here it is.) These
Exhibits come from Silver Member Dr. Jack Booman,
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 3 of 32 --

copy and materials he created for an estate planner,
Roy Myers. This package was sent out at Valentines
Day. If you own my 'Magnetic Marketing 	System',
or have seen me speak anytime in the past decade,
or don't 	live in a lead lined cave in Afghanistan,
you've probably 	seen my famous Giorgio's letters,
in which 	I convert 	an ordinary 	restaurant 	to a
'romance 	marketer', 	selling a 'package' 	not unlike
how Bob Stupak 	brilliantly 	created 	the 	original
Vegas Vacation 'package.' 	Lots of folks see those
letters 	but never copy the strategy, 	and I wonder
why. Anyway, Dr. Jack has taken 	a dull, 	boring
business like estate planning and daringly, cleverly
converted 	it to - SEX.
Not shown here: an outside envelope, 9x12" white,
with purple 	hearts, 	and handwritten 	teaser 	copy:
ROMANCESIZZLERENCLOSED. Shown: an inside
#10 envelope 	(EXHIBIT ll3). with the reclining 	lady
illustration 	(drawn by Jack's daughter) 	and the line:
"GASP!DOESHE REALLYMEANIT?". Inside the #10,
EXHIBIT :/M, a sales letter 	for a high-commission
financial product 	that somehow insures your stock
portfolio. 	I've shown just the top 113rd , page 1, to
give you the idea. (By the way- Greenspan 	appears
again!) Next, the regular monthly "newsletter" with
a customized 	intro 	about 	Roy being 	a 'romance
therapist'. 	(First page 	shown here 	- EXHIBIT tl5.).
Incidentally, 	the newsletter 	is a lead 	generation
vehicle, offering four different free reports. Finally,
another 	#10 envelope, 	(EXHIBIT #6) shocking pink
in color, with a purple 	rubber 	stamped 	kiss on it,
and nothing else. 	(If Jack really had cajones, he'd
have sprayed perfume inside each one. Doc Nielsen
would have.) 	Inside, also on bright pink stock, a 6-
page sales letter, also a lead generation 	volley. I've
reprinted 	the entire letter 'cuz it's so darned 	good
(EXHIBIT #7). You should note what a great job he's
done "naming" the products. 	Each month, 	he puts
together 	a different 	themed package like this.
This guy markets to dentists, doctors, professionals,
so Dr. Jack wondered 	if this was a bit "too cute",
too over the top, too outrageous. 	NO, JACK, IT IS
NOT. In fact, it's almost perfect!!! (Hint: TESTIMO-
NIALS! In this case, "LOVELETTERSTO ROY".) The
ultimate 	marketing 	sin, maybe the only true mar-
keting 	sin is: being b-o-r-i-n-g. So you want to be
and do the polar opposite. Congrats to you on the
first rate work, congrats to Roy on letting you do it.
Notes: Dr. Jack reported 	some results, in the 6-figures a
month. I am keeping the details private. 	Jack, I got this
too late for the Valentines 	'contest', 	but have had Vicky
send you a couple books as thank-you 	gifts for the great
exhibit.
□ 	INFOMERCIAL NOTES. Iill:.aL~ported 	TY
infomercial 	s.al.e.s....in2003: 	154,1 Billion Dollars.
(Source WSJ). This does not include 	the backend
business done with TV created customers, 	nor does
Page4
it include the much larger revenues 	from brands/
products introduced 	through TV infomercials, then
sold via diverse other media and retail. Nor does it
include 	the considerable 	revenues 	produced 	by
locally aired infomercials advertising businesses like
cosmetic 	surgery 	practices, 	financial 	advisors,
fitness 	centers, 	etc. 	My guess 	is 	there's 	no
measurement 	of revenues 	behind 	pure 	lead
generation 	shows either, 	such as those 	that 	fill
seminar seats. If you could accurately amass all that
sales 	data, 	you 	would 	certainly 	be in the 	high
hundreds 	of billions. 	The much 	maligned 	TV
infomercial IS a major force in the economy. What
mi.gh.t_yo_1Lm._nclude 	from_.alLthi.£1 	Maybe
that you should be in this game, somehow utilizing
long-form TV, whether 	on national 	or local scale.
Or, you should be using infomercial-format(s) 	video
'brochures' 	to support 	your other marketing 	tools.
(A lot of people 	err 	producing 	sales 	videos 	in
formats other than the ones that are the consistent
winners in infomercials.)
RENEGADE MILLIONAIRE 	INSIGHT 	OF THE
MONTH: 	MODELING. 	My 	new, 	complete
RENEGADEMILLIONAIRESYSTEMwas released 	in
May, and all the information 	is now available 	at
www.renegademillionaire.com, 	or if you pref er
receiving printed 	matter, 	FAX 410-727-0978 	and
request it. For some months into the future, I'll be
including one or two ideas linked to my Renegade
Millionaire System here in this newsletter. 	In this
case, the whole idea of 'modeling'; finding people/
businesses 	who have done what it is you want to
do and closely examining them for their common-
alities. This is one of the key premises on which my
Renegade Millionaire System - and my life - is based.
Fact is, while most people think whatever 	they're
setting out to do or become is original and unique,
it isn't, 	and somebody's 	already 	blazed 	the trail.
fuL years, m 	given .a.simple ~Qf. 	advice m
anyone entering 	a new field, business or industry:
find out who the 10 most successful leaders are, go
wherever they are, beg audience, at least hang out
and 	observe 	for 	a few days 	at 	each 	of their
businesses, if possible work as an employee in each
of the businesses. 	I know of only one person 	I've
made this suggestion to who followed it to the letter.
A chiropractor 	fresh 	out of college took a year,
drove all over the country, to ten different 	million
dollar+ practices, each known, even legendary 	for
something 	different 	- 	personal 	injury, 	wellness,
high volume, pre-pay, 	etc. 	In several, he worked
for free or low wages for two to as many as six weeks
- as a doc, as a vacation fill-in for a receptionist. 	At
the end of the year, he returned 	to (Con't. Pg. 9)
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 4 of 32 --

Page 5
The 	B/6 	Lesson 	Of The Month
How To Use The News:
How To Train and DirectYour
Mind To Find Opportunity
WHEN WILL NEXT GIANT METEORITE STRIKE
EARTH 	AND 	CAUSE 	MASS 	EXTINCTION?
There are actually people worrying about this sort
of thing. According to the article from USA TODAY,
the last bash 	was about 	250 million 	years 	ago.
Apparently 	this is cyclical, 	so, according 	to this
article, in another 	50 or 100 million years, you may
not want to be standing 	in the middle of Australia.
Make a note of that on the calendar 	in your Palm
Pi~ot. You'll tl:ank	me later. Well, why have I put
this odd news item smack in the middle of my first
page? Years ago, Sinatra recorded 	the "once there
was a little old ant who thought he'd move a rubber
tree plant", High Hopes song on a bet, that he could
~ake any piece they handed 	him, record it, and put
1t on the charts. 	A former 	client 	of mine, 	Dick
Sutphen, took a similar wager, and made a cassette
of rain 	falling 	on his 	Malibu 	roof 	and 	sold 	it
successfully. One of the "dares" I like taking is: hand
me any newspaper 	and 	I'll find something 	I can
use to advertise 	or promote 	something 	of mine or
my clients'. This particular 	day's 	USA TODAY had
slim pickings, 	so I got stuck with this meteorite
s;ory. So.._.if used as grabber, 	then "As you can see,
Ive 	sent 	you an article 	about 	a giant 	meteorite
wiping out life on earth. Why have I sent you this?
Three important 	reasons. 	Reason#!. ..."
For Ron LeGrand or Jeff Kaller:
You don't 	have 	to 	wait 	until 	another
giant 	meteorite 	strikes 	to 	find
unbelievable 	real 	estate 	opportunities
at 	dirt-cheap, 	bargain 	prices.
For Bob Higgins:
Free when we paint your house: 100-Million
Year Warranty 	Against Meteorite 	Damage.
For Jack "Quick Kill" 	Williams:
How to de-fend yourself 	against 	attack 	by muggers,
rapists, 	marauding 	mobs, terrorists, 	even giant
meteorites 	- 	with your bare hands.
For Roy Myers:
Warning: E1>icditattert 	can Jtrike vour
invettl\'lent 	t,ortfo(io 	- tol\'lorrow, r,ot so
l\'liUionveart 	frol\'I now. 	·
Ah, I got a million of 'em. Good 2nd grabber'd 	be a
little rock, 	a hunk 	of a meteorite. 	Or sand 	in a
baggie; a do it yourself meteorite 	kit.
Yes, it is possible that, this month, I had a little too
much time on my hands. 	But the demonstration
has 	a legitimate 	point: 	there's 	no shortage 	of
"jumping 	off point" 	fodder 	for ads, sales letters
promotions, 	thus no excuse whatsoever 	for boring
your 	customers 	or prospects, 	for 	turning 	out
mundane 	copy. 	The 	daily 	news 	is ripe 	with
opportunity 	and ideas. But you need to condition
yourself 	to "read 	FOR what you can use". 	Most
people 	do not 	read 	for 	purpose, 	watch 	TV for
purpose, even listen to the random 	conversations
around 	them for purpose.
Great fiction 	writers 	listen 	to the conversations
around 	them for purpose - to capture 	dialogue to
use. I do the same thing, to capture 	"copy" for ads
and sales letters.
You can program 	your 	subconscious 	to do this
automatically, without conscious work on your part.
You'll 	have 	to 	do 	it 	very 	consciously 	and
deliberately 	for 	21 	to 	30 	days, 	then 	your
subconscious'll 	get the idea and take over. 	So, get
a notebook 	to carry 	around, 	and 	set a goal 	to
capture 	'.'out of the blue" at least one hot, possibly
useable idea - 	ad theme, piece of copy, title, etc.
- 	everyday. 	Everyday, read your newspaper 	with
the goal and purpose 	of tearing out one item you
can somehow use in your marketing.
RENEGADE	MILLIONAIRE	SECRET:
WEDO JUST ABOUTEVERYTIIlNG
FOR PURPOSE.
(www.renegademillionaire.com)
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 5 of 32 --

Page6
C 	0 	w 	A
Report on the biggest, baddest
Inner Circle Event we've ever held.
Over 800 people converged on Scottsdale, 	Arizona - including folks from a dozen
different 	countries - for our 2-Day Mega-Conference featuring over 20 exceptional
speakers and experts. 	Here's a potpourri of comments, observations, notes .....
A handscrawlednoteon a SouthwestAirlinesnapkinandticketjacketfromGold+MemberGeneKelly,
PresidentofA.G.I.,Napa,California:" Dan- I amso excttedto havejustattendedyourMega-Conference
thatI hadtowrtteyoua quicknoteonmywayhome.First,I wantedto letyouknowthatI recent!yusedthe
multi-stepletterandpostcardsequencethatI learnedfromyouto generatean additional$173,697.00	in
salesto existingcustomers- by upgradingthemfromVHSto DVD'sat $397each.(Thisis theexactinfo
theyhadalreadypurchased- I justaddedsomebonuses!)Butthebestpartis the majorityupgradedto
'master'at$1,397each!Thisis almostpureprofit.Now.wtththeideasI gotfromtheMega-Conference	I
amconfidentthatI canincreasemy salesby OneMillionDollarsinthe next7 months!I gotso manykiller
ideasfromthespeakers,like:howto stealanddistribute;fasttrackbookwriting;creatingbigpaydays;using
tele-seminars	...grabbedmanyoutstanding	resources	....Renegade	MillionaireSystem....THANKS!"
••••••••••••••••••• 	••••••••• 	••••••••••••••• 	•
"DearDan- I firstlistenedto youat the CowPalacein SanFranciscoin 1995. I boughtyour'Magnetic
Marketing	System·andeversince,I'veworkedatbeing"expected	guest"ratherthan"unexpected	pest."But
I neverquttefeltlike I brokethe code.At the Mega-Conference.	itfina!.&_hit.!rut.™1'..tb.e....b~d_like	a.
sledgehammer	- thepowerof servingpassionate	groupmembers.It wasveryinstructive	to seeandhear
howto identifyandorganizea passionategroup.thenservethemoverandover. Mywholethinkinghas
changedasa resultofthetwodaysandyourspeakers.I havealteredmythinkingfromproductoriented
to peopleoriented.Youknowtt.Yourspeakersknowtt.I feellikea boneheadfornotgettingit sooner.(That's
thetroublewithbeinganengineer!).	Thanksforchangingthecourseof mylifeforthebetter."- KenCrandall.
My Comment: many people have the blueprint for exceptional success demonstrated right before
their eyes, but never grasp the universally useful principles and strategies. There are many reasons
for this. Past conditioning, education and biases standing sentry, in the way. Majoring in trivia
rather than major matters. Even being foolishly distracted by something they don't like or someone's
remark they're offended by. Your comments indicate you really grasped the importance of what
you saw and participated in. Most will have been caught up in participating to such an extent they
had only a seminar. You saw an important business strategy, as well as an outcome of a strategy,
which has transferable application to any business, be it local restaurant, practice, shop, or national
manufacturer. Congratulations.
•••••••••••••••••• 	•• •••••••• 	•••••••••••••••••
GIVEAWAYS	....Manohman!- didwegiveawaysomestuff!Twoflat-screen	TV-DVD-VCR	combos.a cash
equivalentto a winnerfromArgentinawhothoughthe mighthavea bit of troublelugginghisTV home.a
RoyalCaribbean	cruise.SmartPhone	withdigttalcamera.a Disneyvacation,$1,500.00in cash.consulting
certificates	...andPlatinumMemberMichaelKimble(Kimble& KennedyPublishing)gaveawayan extra
$300.00incashprizesplusPowerPointsCD'sanddiscounts	...BillGlazergaveawayNOB.S.T-Shirts....l
gaveawayRenegade	MillionaireT-shirtsandcoffeemugs- intotalover$15,000.00in cashandgiftprizes
weredistributed!	I alsogaveDr.Nielsenhishard-earned	SuperMarketer	Award.theArizonaCowboyCollege
trip- whichwewillalleagerlyawaitphotosfrom.
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
MORE COMMENTS FROM THOSE IN 	ATTENDANCE:
"EverytimeI'vefollowedDan·sadvice.he'sbeenon the markandI'veprofited.Also.whatgreatpeople
Danhashelpedcreate.I feelluckyto havebeenat yourMega-Conference	to beamongstthebestof
Over 800 people survived the intense
agenda, from 8:00AMto 10:30 PM the
first day, 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM the 2nd,
23 speakers, 6 break-out sessions, 7
exhibitors, 	a 'Best Of' showcase,
oxygen available, Ballroom #3. We
even had extra (nice) portable toilets
trucked in to facilitate sliort breaks. Not
a minute wasted, giving 'em their
money's worth. Uh, out wait a minute.
This was free ...
Bill Glazer running the "Best Of ... ."
Showcase. Elegantly attired. (This
guy_'s in the menswear 	fashion
ousiness.)
Here I am, doing the Renegade
Millionaire thing. What you can'f see,
off camera, to my right is Heather
Krueger, beating tlie a7vguy over the
head, repeatedly, with a "goodie bag."
Mark Victor Hansen. The Chicken
Soup For The Soul guy. You might
think, after a guy·s sofd 80 million
books, he'd ease up a little. You'd be
wrong. Just listening to him recite his
Goals and To Do Lisfs is more exercise
than most people get in a month.
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 6 of 32 --

Page7
B 	u 	N 	G 	A ,.•
Mike Vance, and his partner Diane
Deacon. Mike's a national treasure,
and it's an increasingly rare privilege
to hear him - and he is the only
speaker who can combine what
Walt Disney said about a rainy day,
fireflies, a nun on a bobsled, and "no
pissin' and moanin'" into a single
speech. Go ahead, try.
Yanik Silver, working as a waiter at
my Semi-Retirement 	Party. It's
important for these Internet geeks
to have a trade to fall back on. (1
use that term, 'Internet geek', with
the utmost respect and affection. )
The new Renegade Millionaire
System. T-shirt, coffee cup, Dan
bobblehead not included . 100·
million dollars of entrepreneurial
strategies 	- included. 	Info @
www.renegademillionaire.com.
the best,to learnfromand networkwith yourdisciples.I walkedawaywiththreestrategiesI'm in the
processof implementing	thatwillincreasemyprofits...."
MichaelAttias(Restaurantuer,	Info-Marketer,	Speaker)
"I cameto theMega-Conference	withthegoalof gettingjust3 ideasandto comehomeandimplementthem.
Bytheend,I had16pagesof notes,at least11ideasto immediately	implement,a newsenseof purposeand
determination	to succeed.Eachspeakerprovidedat leastonenugget,butevenmorevaluablewerethe
ideasandadvicefrompeopleI metand networkedwithduringthe breaks.Signme up for the next
conference."
AndyCollins(Retailer)
"Thankyouforhostingasuperbevent.Whileit wasmyfirstexperience	rubbingelbowswithyourdisciples,
I canassureyouthatit won'tbemylast. It wastrulyupliftingto experiencethedynamiccreativity,ingenuity
andenergydisplayedby all the participants,andI cameawayfromthe eventwithexplosiveideasfor the
businessventuresin whichI aminvolved."
CliveR.Swersky,LL.M.
"Thiswas,by far,THEbestbootcampof any I haveeverattended.Youbroughttheverybestpeople,a
wonderfulatmosphere	anda positiveenvironment	to a veryenthusiastic	andeclecticgroup."
GayleCarson(Professional	Speaker)
My Comment: It's significant that so many of the testimonials received mirrored the above folks'
emphasis on the quality of the people in attendance and the value of the networking opportunities.
Our Inner Circle Members -as well as my Platinum Members' members, in their respective groups
- are really exceptional people. In pure financial success terms, I doubt you'd find as many
$500,000.00 to $I-million dollar yearly income earners gathered in one place at one time as were at
this Mega-Conference anywhere else. In terms of actually applying information acquired, of taking
action on ideas, of innovating, of understanding effective marketing, I know you couldn't find a
stronger group. Being around my group makes you money and improves your life - it is that simple.
And if you did miss this event, you should register for whatever Inner Circle Event is offered for
next year the minute the opportunity is presented.
"Time,everyone'smostvaluableasset.EvenDan'smoneywill notanotherminutebuy.Hecouldhavebeen
travelingthe world,lyingon a beachsomewhere,or playingwith his horses,but he electedto stagethis
event....investsmonthsof preparation,	callsin favorsfromveryindependent	peopleandinviteshis
customers	to feastat the 'information	banquet'fortwodays- andhedoesit for FREE!Forme,the
abilityto see MarkVictorHansen,JoeSugarman,MikeVance,etc.withjust onetravelexpense,a
definitegift.Yeah,I know- someof thesespeakershadtheaudacityto try andsellyousomething(andDan
beatthemdownto thedirtforbigdiscounts)- andif youwerestupidenoughNOTto investinyourself,enough
said.I amgratefulto be ableto learnfromDanKennedy.WhenI listen,he makesmy life morefinancially
rewarding."
DeniLinhart,FineImagePhotography
"I recentlyattendedyourMega-Conference	...yourstaffwasfirstrate,willingto helpandmakemefeelat ease
-even withseveralof mydumbquestions!Greatseats,greatroom.AndONTIME,a shockingfeatwiththat
manypeoplein oneroom!....I learnedmorein yourfirstpresentation	thanI'velearnedin 1Oyearsof trialand
error.I immediately	tooka singleideayougaveandturnedit intoa piecethatpulls2 to 1to adcost.BillGlazer
gavemefiveideasforsomereallyoutrageousmailcampaigns.	MikeVancesolidifiedsomebusinessconcepts
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 7 of 32 --

Page8
thatwill makememoreefficient.Whatreallyamazedmewereallthe 	• • 	• 	• 	• 	• 	• 	• 	• 	• 	• 	• 	• 	• 	• 	• 	• 	• 	• 	• 	• ■
peoplewhostooduptosaythattheyhadmade$100,000.00,	$200,000.00,• 	■
$500,000.00	or evenmillionsof dollarsusingyouradvice-what a great
exampleoftheimpactandqualityofyourinformation.	Thankyouforputting
onsucha freeevent!" : PRE-PUBLICATION	OFFER::
MaceoJordan,ChiefSteward,Nat'IOrganization	ForChurches ADVANCE	ORDER	TAPES■ 	■
■ 	■
■
My Comment: I can't resist pointing out - there aren't too many 	■
speakers who would dare try that little demonstration, having 	•
everybody stand who could directly pinpoint strategies I provided ■
that put $100,000.00, $300,000.00, etc. into their bank accounts.
When I say "no b.s.", I mean it. I am all about what works, what 	■
gets measureable, profitable results. And- if you missed this Mega- 	•
Conference, there are two opportunities to connect to my latest 	•
results-producing information: you can get an audio package from 	■
NOW FROMTHE
MEGA-CONFERENCE
SAVE BY ACTING
IMMEDIATELYI
ORDERFORMENCLOSED.:
■
■
■
■
■
■
the Conference you missed ....and you can get my new Renegade 	■ 	■
Millionaire System. I suggest doing both. 	• 	• 	• 	• 	• 	• 	• 	• 	• 	• 	• 	• 	• 	• 	• 	• 	• 	• 	• 	•
NOTICE	TOPRIZEWINNERS:	(1)ThoseofyouwhoreceivedtheRenegade	Millionaire	BonusVouchers	for15-minute	privatetelephoneconsultations:
thesewillbedeliveredOctober04-January05.PleaserequestthemonthyoupreferbyFAX(602-269-3113)	nolaterthanJuly30,2004.Youwillthen
benotifiedofanassigneddateandtimeat least60daysinadvance.Assigned	date/timenotsubjectto change.(2)Recipients	ofotherPrizes(Cruise,
etc.)notawardedonsiteshouldalsoaddressredemption	requeststothePhoenixoffice(FAX602-269-3113).	Notethatexpiration	termsareincluded
in certaincertificates.NOTICE	RE.UNREDEEMED	KENNEDY	BUX:alldepositrefundrequestswereprocessedandpaid.Unredeemed	coupons
havenocashor discountvalueof anykind.WINNER,	BESTTESTIMONIAL	CONTEST	- DeniLinhart:Contactus,FAX@ 602/269-3113	orphone
Vicky@ 602/997-7707	to claimyourprize.
Lee Milteer. Confessing. You had to
be there.
Jeff Paul, proving once again that
talented, genuinely funny people do not
need to work "blue." Jeff: Andrew Dice
Clay called. He wants his act back.
And from my Roast....
Ron LeGrand, giving me
several of his lengendary,
butt-ugly ties. 	A Ruth Buzzi impersonator - now there's a
great career move. And Master Of Ceremonies
Steve Tyra. Tyra's on the right.
Rory Fatt, guy all the way at the end,
may have been funniest of all the
Roasters. Which is really amazing.
After all, he's Canadian.
The"fresh catch" served at the
Dinner.
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 8 of 32 --

( Con't. 	From Pg. 4) his chosen 	city 	to open 	his
practice. 	By his 5 th month, 	he was putting 	over
$80,000.00 	a month 	into the bank.
In May, when I spoke of this at the Mega-Conference,
attendee 	Bill Wright produced 	an article 	he'd 	just
read on the flight in (and had astutely 	clipped 	and
kept), from Delta's magazine, 	about Walt and Karen
Worthy, 	real 	estate 	developers 	in 	Spokane,
Washington. 	They 	purchased 	the 	city's 	historic
Davenport 	Hotel, 	invested 	3.8-million 	in 	its
renovation,but 	b..e;fure doing 	so they 	traveled
and personally 	visited 	.e_yery major 	historic
hotel 	in America, from 	the Peabody 	in Memphis
to the Biltmore in Coral Gables. Of course, 	only two
sentences 	in the entire article about 	this. However,
point 	made. 	And I would 	add: 	these 	are 	already
successful, 	wealthy 	developers 	who 	could 	have
relied 	on architects, 	designers, 	consultants 	and
other experts, 	but chose to take their undoubtedly
heavily 	committed 	time, hit the road, 	and go look
for themselves. 	Ihis..J.s_a.behavioral lesson 	- and
my Renegade 	Millionaire 	System is NOT just about
how_ we.._.thi.nkdifferently, 	but...more_importantly,
what we do, how we behave 	differently.
RENEGADE 	MILLIONAIRE 	SYSTEM 	NOW
AVAILABLE, briefly 	at Introductory 	Discounts.
Immediately 	go to www.renegademillionaire.com
for the information. 	You'll also find an extra article
posted 	there, the first in a collection. 	You can go to
this site every month 	after you get your newsletter
and read/ download the Renegade Millionaire article
of the month. 	For some months, 	this will be avail-
able 	free 	to 	all 	Glazer-Kennedy 	Inner 	Circle
Members, 	but 	at some 	point 	restricted 	only 	to
Renegade 	Millionaire 	System 	Owners. 	Take
advantage 	of this while it lasts.
A NOTE ABOUT GOLD MEMBERSHIP. 	If you
are still a Silver Member, I want to remind 	you that
there 	are 	vast 	archives 	of past 	Marketing 	Gold
Interview 	Transcripts 	and Marketing 	Gold Letters
and 	other 	materials 	at the dankennedy.com 	site,
behind 	a wall, 	accessible 	to 	Gold 	and 	Gold+
Members 	only. 	This 	reminder 	courtesy 	of Gold
Member 	Benjamin W. Glass III (BenGlassLaw.com)
who 	FAXed me: "I recently 	upgraded 	to 	Gold
and 	wanted 	to 	let 	you 	know 	that 	merely
having 	access 	to 	all 	of 	the 	"back 	issues 	at
the 	web 	site 	is worth 	more 	than 	'the 	price
of 	admission'."
Page9
GOLD+ 	PROGRAM 	IMPROVED: 	Gold+ 	Tele-
Sessions 	now also sent 	to all Gold+ Members 	on
CD. TO UPGRADENOW & GET SPECIALFREE GIFT,
CALL410-951-014 	7 or visit www.dankennedy.com
and click on the GOLD+ Only Section.
SCHEDULE
FIELD 	TRIP 	@ CAESARS/CAESARS 	FORUM
SHOPS, LAS VEGAS. 	The 	group 	joining 	me 	on
our 'shopping 	for sales ideas' field trip will see the
3 7 6-million-dollar 	expansion 	and 	renovation
underway 	at one of the original, grand Strip resorts,
Caesars 	Palace. 	In 1964, 	a Miami tile contractor,
Jay 	Sarno, 	upped 	the 	ante 	in 	Vegas 	with
construction 	of Caesars, the first full "theme" 	hotel
in Las Vegas. It opened 	2 years later 	with 	a then
unheard 	of 680 rooms, and a 980 theater 	that even
Sinatra 	thought 	too large to sell out nightly. 	Sarno
and his partners 	sold Caesars for 60-million 	dollars
in 	1969. 	In 	1992, 	The 	Forum 	Shops 	opened,
providing 	over 250,000 	square 	feet of the priciest
retail 	space in America, in its own enclosed 	world,
with 	a sky of moving 	clouds, 	animatron 	statues
performing 	a show, and remarkable 	stores that are
themselves 	attractions, 	like 	the 	Lasser 	gallery.
Another 	175,000 	square 	feet is now being 	added.
The 	entire 	expansion 	project 	is scheduled 	for
completion 	in 2005, 	so we'll be seeing 	it all in
progress. 	We will be meeting briefly in the morning
to set up 	our 	'idea 	shopping 	assignments', 	then
hitting 	the Forum 	Shops for about 	4 hours, 	then
returning 	to the meeting 	room 	to exchange 	and
discuss discoveries. 	Field Trip is open only to Gold/
VIP, Platinum 	and Wealth Group Members. 	Contact
Vicky@ Phoenix office: 602/269-3113.
FREE GOLD+ GATHERING - November 	6th. 	Fully
explained 	at 	www.dankennedy.com. 	Click on the
"Information 	Marketing 	Summit" button 	and learn
about 	the networking 	opportunity 	and additional
day Hot Seat and Q&A Day with Dan and Bill.
GOLD+ CALL DATES: 6/29, 	7 /27, 	8/24. 	9/04-
12/04 TBA in July Issue. June Call: Jim Camp, author
of "Start With No", strategies for negotiating. 	GOLD+
Members 	only will receive his book and be able to
read 	it before 	the call. ~Call: 	Tim Paulson 	on
"Creating 	And Handling 	Growth".
GOLD/VIP 	CALL DATES: None 	in June 	due 	to
meetings. 	7 /15, 	8/12.
CQAC.HING_ GROUPS' 	DATES -
Remaining_ 	In 	QA.:.
Platinum: 	8/18-19 	Cleve., 10/13-14 	Phx.
Gold/VIP East #1: 6/22-23, 	10/19-20, 	Cleve.
Gold/VIP East #2: 6/24-25, 	10/21-22, 	Cleve
Gold/VIP West: 11/17-18, 	Phx
Wealth: 9/9-10, 	Trump 	Plaza, Atlantic City, NJ
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 9 of 32 --

Page 10
•••••••••••••••••• 	• ••• • •• ••• •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 	INFORMATION MARKETING SUMMIT, NOV. '1-6. ThisisTHEeventoftheyearforallinfo-marketersaswellasthose 	•
: 	serious about enteringthe field - if there's oneseminar and gatheringof successfuldoers youcanNOTafford to miss out on, this I5 it! 	: 	~ '\,_~
• 	SUMMIT INCLUDES·(a) massive, organized Show-n'Tell by manyof the attendees,presentingtheir newest/hottest/best/most 	• 	~~ \.~
• 	profitableinfo-products,lead generationads and mailings,Internet marketing,jointventuresuccesses,etc.; (b) Information 	: • i Ni
• 	Marketer 	Of The Year Competition, opento all attendees withweekendfor 2 and private coachingsession (andfame and glory) 	• t •~ 1 	~
• 	up for grabs;(c) Bill Glazer's 	inside-his-business 	secrets 	for profitablyminingmore goldfrom unconvertedleads,for utilizing • 1 .:\ \'1
: 	tele-seminarsto make sales efficiently;(d) submit YOUR toughest info-biz challenge for discussion;(e) Technology 	• 	~ ~
• 	Session including(finally)an ansWerto 'the software question';and (f) I'll be there, with a presentation 	on: 'The Five Gold 	• 	~ '\_
• 	Rings Of Wealth f:>roduction From Info-Entrepreneurship.' 	EXIRAOPTION·DAYBEFORESUMMIT for peoplenewto or 	: \~ 	~ ~
• 	ready to enter the info-marketingbusiness...get a completea-to-z blueprint,fast start shortcuts, mistakes to avoids,vendorsyou need, 	• '\) 	°"I~
etc. The RegistrationFee is Dirt Cheap for the businessbuildinginformationyou'llreceive.The Summitcarries an appropriate price tag, 	I :'It~
• '\.~ \"t	fullyguaranteed,of course. Note:Billis runninghis ownnichedinfo-businessANDthis, Glazer-KennedyInner Circle(non-niched)info- 	• ,'t\' '\; , .
businessvery,very successfully,at optimumefficiencyand profit margins,creatingdramatic growth,usingonlineand offlineopportunities, : ~ ·,{- ~
and is one of the best organizedinfo-entrepreneursI know.If you aspire to maximum income with maximum simplicity, you 	• ,,.\.. 	, \
gotta see everythinghe's doing- and that meansbeingat the Summit. However,I predict the ofuer attendees you'llmeet may be as 	• 	~ 	;>I ,,._
importantand valuable,and nowhere will you ever find such a gathering of REAi- info-preneurs 	(NOT pretenders) 	• 	1~~
who are REALI..Ymaking $10,000.00 	to $100,000.00 	and more each and every month! If you're serious about 	• ·~ 	, ~ \:1
this business, you'd pay ANY price to get in these doors . On top of all that, it's going to be a helluva lot of 	• 	~ ~"{ ;;
fun! CAI-I-'110-951-01'17 or visit www.dankennedy.com and click on the ..Information Marketing 	Summit" button. 	! ~ ~\J -~
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 	••••••••••••••••••••• 	•
Bill Glazer
SPEAKINGENGAGEMENTS
8/17 	Global Publishing/Ron 	LeGrand, Info.
Marketing 	Boot Camp, Cleveland, OH
(904-262-0491 	for info)
9/9 	The Mortgage Marketing 	Makeover, Miami
11/3 	Glazer-Kennedy 	Inner Circle Blueprint
Seminar, Cleveland 	* (410-951-014 	7)
11/ 4-6 Glazer-Kennedy 	Inner Circle Information
Marketers' 	Summit, Cleveland
(410-951-0147).
11/6 	FREEGlazer-Kennedy 	Inner Circle GOLD+
Seminar 	(410-951-0147 	for info)
11/12-14 	Global Information 	Marketing 	Summit
For Entrepreneurs, 	Sydney, Australia
11119-21 Global Information 	Marketing Summit For
Entrepreneurs, 	Auckland, 	New Zealand
Dan Kennedy
SPEAKING ENGAGEM ENTS*
8/17 	Global Publ (Ron LeGrand) Information
Mktg BootCamp, Cleveland (904-262-0491),
8/27 	Mark Victor Hansen's 	Marketing 	Mega-
Conference*, 	Los Angeles
(800-433-3214-Lisa 	Williams),
10/15-17 	Mark Victor Hansen's 	Speakers Conf.,
Los Angeles (800-433-3214-Lisa 	Williams),
11/3 	Glazer-Kennedy 	Inner Circle Blueprint
Seminar, Cleveland 	* ( 410-951-014 7)
11/ 4-6 Glazer-Kennedy 	Inner Circle Information
Marketers' 	Summit, Cleveland
(410-951-014 	7).
11/6 	FREEGlazer-Kennedy 	Inner Circle GOLD+
Seminar (410-951-0147 	for info)
*You can attend 	these events. Separate registration 	with
these entities required.
Last Month:
Ultimate Marketing 	Secret Weapons 	are in
my book, The Ultimate Marketing 	Plan.
#6: Marketing messages 	developed 	with the
understanding 	that recipients 	will be stubbornly
reluctant 	to believe them. 	#6A: Marketing
messages delivered 	with the understanding
that they must batter-ram 	through 	a huge
amount 	of clutter, 	confusion, 	resistance,
and somehow command 	and earn 	the
attention 	of the recipient.
TI-HS 	MONTH'S 	T6STYOIA.R. 	K.NOWL.61:)~6
This Month - Trivia from the Mega-Conference:
(a) Name the first 'gadget' 	sold in full-page 	space
ads via an 800# by Joe Sugarman. 	(b) What was
Ron LeGrand doing for a living when he went to
his first seminar 	about 	getting rich in real estate?
(c) What is Mike Vance's 	term for the use of a
storyboard 	in everyday 	business? 	( d) What is
the Joe Girard Rule as it applies to referrals,
mentioned 	by Mike Storms?
COMING IN JULY ISSUE
• 	A Celebration 	Of American 	Free
Enterprise/Special 	July Section
• 	5 Keys To Consumer 	Behavior, Circa
2004: How Many Are In Your Marketing?
• 	What The 'Experts' 	Say About Yellow
Pages Advertising
• 	Schedule Announcement: 	Next FREE,
OPEN Consulting 	Call-In Day
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 10 of 32 --

Internet 	Marketing
Update 	From The
Trenches
By Yanik Silver
In this month's interview
you'll be hearing from Gold
Inner Circle Member, Marlon
Sanders, creator of the
renowned 	Push 	Button 	Letters 	software 	@
www.NoBSletters.com. Marlon is recognized as one of
the top teachers of Internet marketing methods and
has created a number of leading products such as the
Amazing Formula, The Marketing Dashboard and Push
Button Letters.
Q. Marlon, can you explain how sales letters can help anyone
with their website conversion and boost their profits?
There are many different models for building web sites and
making sales. But I believe simple is beautiful. 	So from day
one, I've been a major advocate of direct response web sites.
That boils down to putting a sales letter on a web page and
giving people an order link.
Yanik, I know that's the model you've used also. And I must
say it has been very successful. The innovation I made is with
our Push Button Letters software which allows people to write
sales letters by literally filling in the blanks and clicking a button.
I took what can be a difficult task and simplified it.
Q. How easy is it to write a sales letter with your software?
Pretty darned easy. If you can fill in the blanks and click a
button, you can do it. The software even outputs a web page
you can upload as is to your web site if you want.
Of course, if people study copywriting principles, they're going
to write better letters than if they don't. That's a given. But
what does blow me away is how many people have written
successful letters using the software and having no background
in sales letter writing.
Q.What's the biggest benefit of using a structured tool to write
sales letters?
The reason I developed the software to begin with is that I
noticed people weren't following the sales letter formula I taught
in various places. They knew the formula. They understood it.
But they weren't following it.
I thought, "What ifI could create a tool where they HAD to
follow the formula. And what if I could make it simple where
it was difficult to screw it up?"
Yanik, you know as well as I do that the formulas are there.
They've been tested and proven over the years. I mean, Dan
wrote about sales letter formulas way back when he wrote
Page 11
The UltimateSalesLetter book. 	The problem is, most people
won't follow the formula without a tool that makes them do it.
There are two parts to success:
Part one: Have a proven formula
Part two: Follow the proven formula
The purpose of the various tools that are available is to assist
you in part two.
Q. What results do people get by following your proven formula?
The success of the product speaks for itsel£
An example is when I spoke at your Birthday Bash seminar. A
number of people came up to me privately and shared the results
they had received by using the software and writing their letters
with it.
What 	surprises me is that people who truly don't need the
structure of the software still use it at times. For example, Jim
Edwards and Paul Myers have both told me they used Push
Button Letters to write sales letters because it forced them to
follow a certain thought process.
Q. What's the number one mistake people make in their sales
letters?
The main mistake I see people make is forgetting to translate
their features into benefits. 	A feature is what a product or
service is. The benefit is what it does for your customers. 	But
it's easy to get excited about the bells and whistles of your
product and forget to spell out the benefits to your buyers in
detail.
To solve that problem, in the software I have you write out
every feature and then spell out every benefit. It's a mechanical
process that makes it brain dead simple to write your sales
letters.
Q. How can members find out more about Push Button Letters?
I've set up a special page and offer for inner circle members.
They can take the software for a test drive on a risk-free
moneyback 	basis. 	And for Dan Kennedy members, 	I'm
extending a special discount price for a limited time only. It's
up at: www.NoBSletters.com
Platinum member, Yanik Silver is the creator and
author of several best-selling online products but he
still can't build his own web site. You can find more
information at www.NoBSinternetprofits.com 	and
www.NoBSwebcopy.com. And his newest
breakthrough is www.PublicDomainMoneyMaker.com
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 11 of 32 --

The BackPage
Outrageous
Advertising That's
Outrageously Effective
By Bill Glazer
Page 12
- 	will get your attention. 	Who could resist 	opening
up tfiis envelope?
"It 	Doesn't Do A Damn
Bit Of Good Creating A
Great Sales Letter If It
Doesn't Get Opened
And Read"
In the world 	of direct 	response 	marketing, 	truer
words 	have 	never 	been 	said 	than 	the 	headline
above. 	I can't tell you how often I receive clients'
materials 	to critique who get this wrong. They work
their 	buns 	off to write 	a great 	headline, 	craft 	a
generous 	offer, add 	terrific 	testimonialJiu~vith 	a
'knock you off the couch' to respond 	dea 	· e, but
their envelope NEVERgets opened! 	So, I thought 	it
would be appropriate 	to 'sliow n tell' this month
about ~velopes 	that gE;topened and create ~o_m~ch
curiosity that the rec1p1ent must read what 1sms1de
(or at least begin to read what's inside).
Now, before 	I show you a couple 	of 'Outrageous'
envelopes, 	I do want to make 	sure that 	everyone
knows that perhaps 	the surest 	bet to make certain
that your mail gets opened is to send it out by what
we ref er to as the 'blind approach.'
By way of review, the blind approach 	is when you
make 	your 	letter 	appear 	as though 	a friend 	or
relative 	was sending It to you. 	You should 	use a
#10 envelope (typically white), with areal first class
live stamp that lias been addressed 	by hand 	(or at
least has the appearance 	of being hano addressed.)
You can see a pretty 	good example 	of this in the
May 2004 issue of your NO B.S. Marketing 	Letter -
labeled Exhibit #8. The only flaw with this example
is that with a true blind approach, 	there is NO return
address.
Although I often use the blind approach, 	there 	are
other ways to get your envelopes opened and create
some variety in your marketing by using my favorite
approach, 	which of course is .....OUTRAGEOUS.
Consider 	the envelope 	(EXHIBIT#8) that I recently
received 	from 	a company 	providing 	health
insurance. 	They simply attaclied 	a real band-aid
to the back flap with a red X over top of it. 	This
PUBLISHER
Bill Glazer, Glazer-Kennedy Inner Circle LLC.
l=.t:!QNE:410-951-0147. Phones are NOT answered live at any lime. You
will be directed to voice mail. Be sure to leave your full name, company
name andphone number. Routine Customer Service calls are usually
handled by the close of the NEXT business day.
.EAX:410-825-3301, available 24 hours a day.
WEBSITE:www.dankennedy.com
MAILING ADDRESS: Glazer-Kennedy Inner Circle, Attention
Bill Glazer, 8600 LaSalle Rd, Chester Bldg, #321, Towson, MD 21286.
Then there is the real lunch bag (EXHIBIT#9) that I
recently 	received 	from 	Gold VIP Inner 	Circle
Member, Mitch Carson, who owns Impact 	Products
(impactproducts.net). 	He simply 	S & D'd 	(stole
and 	distributed) 	one 	of my pnor 	mailings 	and
adapted 	it for 	his 	own purpose. 	He also 	did
something 	very 	clever. 	Even though 	the 	whole
anthrax 	scare is pretty 	much over, tliere are still a
few fearful folks out tbere. So, he attached 	a small
piece 	of 'SECURE TAPE' to the flap 	to 	give 	the
appearance 	of security 	and instill some additional
curiosity 	at the same time.
Finally, there is one of my favorites 	- my "1-Hour
Film Developing" 	mailer 	(EXHIBITll1.0) that 	was
designed 	to fook like the envelope you place your
film mto when you leave it to be developed. 	Let me
point out a few of the elements of this piece:
• 	If you receive this in the big pile of mail you
get delivered to your home and/ or office everyday,
you've 	got to open this up right away. This gets
mto what we callt'A-Pile' 	mail. 	Curiosity 	is going
to make you open it immediately.
• 	By just J?,lacinga mailing label and stamp on
it, you can mail this baby.
• 	To further 	add 	to the 	curiosity 	factor, 	I
placed handwritten 	notes on the front and back.
• 	I sent this out to the clients of my menswear
stores. 	Obviously, 	this 	has 	nothing 	to 	do with
menswear, 	which proves the point that 	there 	does
NOT have 	to be any necessary 	relevance. 	(Most
people really struggle with this concept.)
• 	You'll notice that I have a premium 	offer of
a free 	35mm 	camera. 	Premiums 	substantially
increase response (typically 30% or more) and they
also allow you a mechanism 	to track response.
Next month 	I'm 	going 	to show you 	my 	latest
Outra~eous 	Advertising 	mailer and how I literally
S & D d it from an Inner 	Circle Member who was
featured 	several 	months 	ago 	in 	The 	No B.S.
Marketing 	Letter.
PUBLISHER'S NOTE: Who else wants to be in the 'highly
profitable' Information Marketing Business? Bill Glazer will
be delivering a one-of-a-kind, full day seminar on Wednesday,
November 3 rd• It is designed for people who are Information
Marketing 'beginners' or those current Information Marketers
who want to hone their skills and learn some of the latest
tactics to create product, obtain leads, convert leads to sales,
and sell back-end Rroducts and services. This will be held
the day before the Glazer-Kennedy Inner Circle Information
Marketing Summit. (Details at dankennedy.com.)
EDITOR
Dan S. Kennedy
Should you wish to communicate with mr. Kennedy's office directly
concerning consulting, copywriting or speaking engagements, the
May MegaConference, GoldNIP or Platinum Member Services .
FAX: 602-269-3113
Phone: 602-997-7707
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 12 of 32 --

Stop Sweating To Create Your Own Product. It's 100% Legal and Free When You See Exactly ...
"How To Find, Re-Package And Sell Public Domain
Content As Your Own Moneymaking Info Product"
Discover The Fortune That Lies Hidden in The Massive Stockpile of
Public Domain Works - Yours FREE For The Taking Without Asking
Permission or Paying a Dime in Fees
From: Yanik Silver
Dear Fellow KIC Member,
I'm about to reveal a hidden way for you to literally "steal" an
almost endless source of content (on practically any subject you
could imagine.
Simply put, you can use this insider secret to instantly create
manuals, ebooks, articles, reports or any other type of information
products in a snap. In fact, once you figure this out, you 'II be able
to tap into millions and millions of pages of material you can use
for anything you want.
Amazing but true ... and the best part is virtuallv nobody knows
about this!
What I'm talking is tapping into public domain infonnation for
your own profit. But before I get into that - there's been so much
'mis-information' on public domain, I figure I'd better clear up a
couple widely reported myths first:
Myth #1 - Everything on the Internet is free to use and is
already in public domain, right? Wrong! Some people
mistakenly believe if something is published online it is free for
the taking. No sir! There are very stiff penalties for violations of
copyrights.
Myth #2 - Nothing good is in the public domain: That's
definitely not the case. First off, you should understand all works
published in the United States before 1923 are in the public
domain. You'll find timeless works from this period including
classics like the Sherlock Holmes mysteries, Benjamin Franklin's
autobiography and much, much more. However, even more
exciting is that anything published from I 923 - 1963 (and not
renewed) has fallen into the public domain. In fact, copyright
experts believe 85% of these works were never renewed so you're
looking at an incredible bonanza of free material.
Myth #3 - Nobody would pay for public domain information
since it's available for free: Not so. Every year bookstores sell
hundreds of thousands of copies of works that are public domain
and simply reprinted. In fact, entire companies exist that publish
almost all public domain material. As long as the information you
find is still relevant and there is a market for it you will find
plenty of people willing to pay for this. Okay now with that out of
the way let's quickly talk about ...
What Exactly Is Public Domain?
First off, you need to know I am not an attorney so I am giving
you this information as I understand it. (As with any business
dealings it's 	·
a good idea to get appropriate professional advice.)
Public domain is quite simply material the public (that's you)
can use (or exploit as the case may be) anyway they want.
Public domain falls into 4 main categories:
A. 	Generic information like facts, numbers, ideas, titles,
blank fonns, etc.
B. 	Works granted or donated to the public domain. (Yes, in
some cases copyright holders will simply make their
work available to anyone to use. Just one example is P.T.
Barnum's autobiography.)
C. 	Works by the government or its agents. (This is an
amazing archive by itself!)
D. 	Fonnerly copyrighted works that have fallen into public
domain or lost their copyright.
Quite simply, when you add all of this up it comes a veritable
mountain of incredible information (millions and millions of
pages) sitting right under your nose - all free -- and all vours
for the taking!
But the BIG problem is finding this stuff ...
Where do you find high quality public domain infonnation you
can package together for free?
Let Me Swing Open the Hidden, Secret Door to the Vault:
Public domain has long been a secret stockpile of content only
savvy insiders have kept to themselves and never publicized for
years. In fact, entire companies have been built around selling
content that has fallen into the public domain.
Personally, I've taken several public domain works and used
them as bonuses or as actual products. One of them is used as
an "upsell" to a regular version of my best-selling product. This
upsell goes for $ I 5 extra dollars and a whopping 66% of people
take it. (Now when you've got an extra 200-300 people a
month taking you up on this - it adds up pretty quickly!)
Next, I've used a little-known public domain book as an
exclusive bonus for a recent product launch that brought in
$19,453.00 in the first 3 weeks. But I'm far from the only one
who is quietly making a small fortune from public domain
material ...
Real-Life Examples of Just How Profitable Finding and
Selling Public Domain Information Can Be ...
"Stumbled Over a Long-Forgotten Dusty Manual and
Turned it Into a Six-Figure Bonanza"
A few years ago, my friend, Matt Furey, stumbled over a
dusty home study course from 1914 teaching "catch
wrestling". Furey quickly purchased this course for a couple
measly bucks and turned it into a complete manual and video
set for his market of fitness and wrestling buffs. He now
charges (and gets) $597.00 for this material - making himself
$100,000.0o+ each year from just this one product.
But get this, some people were so miffed at Matt getting rich
selling this public domain infonnation they even tried to
sabotage him by putting up free copies of the original course
online. Has it stopped sales? Absolutely not!
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 13 of 32 --

"Freely Available Government Manual
Is a Cash Cow for Book Publisher"
One successful mail order book publisher told me in
confidence about a public domain manual put out by the
government that he repackaged and sold to the tune of an
extra $250,000.00+ in revenue over the years! (Sorry I
can't reveal the type of book since he wants this kept private
but he's sold over 100,000 copies in a tiny niche market.)
"Washington Woman Turns Public Domain
Book into Freebie And Is Making More Money
Now Than She Ever Imagined ... "
In 1998 Rebecca Fine, from Seattle, Washington had a classic
success manual sent to her by a friend. The author had been
dead nearly 90 years but the message was so powerful she
had to get it out. Rebecca took this freely available public
domain book and started giving it away for free from her site
because as she says: "/ got tired of emailing the ebook to so
many people". Her ebook took on a life of its own and this
"viral" ebook started getting passed along and forwarded to
people. Today she has ezine subscribers from over 114
different countries and she now has a whole line of
products built around this one freely available success
book.
Rebecca tells me she is making more money than she ever
imagined and "living her life on purpose teaching the
message in this incredible book". Now you might think it
would be a problem for Rebecca that this same work is
available in 4 different versions from Amazon.com
(remember anyone can re-publish the original since the
material is in public domain) but that's not the case because
her sales continue to roll along.
Needless to say, it's almost shocking how profitable using
works from the public domain can be. That's why after countless
requests from customers and students - I've finally decided to pull
back the curtain and finally reveal the truth about finding, using
and profiting from public domain information. Just recently, I put
on a special, one-time-only 2 ½ hour Tele-Class called "Public
Domain Riches".
During this comprehensive (and totally SOLD-OUT) Tele-Class
I gave attendees the treasure map to the "mother lode" of free
content where I revealed these jealously-guarded secrets:
• 	The best places online (and oft) to actually find public
domain works. (I'll hand you over my best resources on a
silver platter.)
• 	How to find a slew of public domain works in 3 minutes
or less on just about any subject you want with just one
click!
• 	How to determine exactly if a work is in the public domain.
(Especially where to research ifa work from 1923-1963 is
really in the public domain. Remember. this is where the
real bonanza of recent material can be found - but this can
also be a dangerous "gray area" for many works if you're
not careful).
• 	How to tap into the vast repositories of government
publications. Yes, Uncle Sam publishes more content
than anyone else and much of it is - can I hear the magic
word again? - FREE!
• 	How to wade throu11:hthe deliberately misleading copyright
notices on many works that should really be public domain.
(But on the flipside - you'll want to know how to look
threatening so any "Two-bit Johnny" won't rip off the
material you found in the public domain.)
• 	What to do if someone challenges your public domain
claim.
• 	The 7 different ways to profitably use public domain info.
• 	How to quickly and easily put public domain works into a
"saleable" format.
• 	The secret to modifying public domain works so they
are exclusively yours alone and then selling them for
hundreds of dollars! And much, much more ...
Plus, as a bonus I arranged 3 special guests on the line with
me ...
Bonus Guest #1: Bruce Safran, Esq.
Since we're dealing with many legal issues
here, it's important to get advice from a
seasoned legal professional. That's why I've
asked Bruce Safran, a nationally recognized
legal expert on Internet, copyright and
advertising issues to join us. He'll be covering
the important legal pitfalls you need to avoid
with public domain.
Bonus Guest #2: Matt Furey:
I've already given a small glimpse into
Matt's success with public domain
information - but I wanted you to hear
straight from the horse's mouth. Matt will
be disclosing exactly how he took a long-
lost, out-dated wrestling course and turned it
into one of his best-selling products. Plus,
he' 11share with you his insider secrets on how to push the
envelope for pricing (remember he's the guy who charges a
jaw-dropping $597.00 for his enhanced, public-domain
information).
Bonus Guest #3: Rebecca Fine:
You've also seen a bit of Rebecca's story
earlier - but she has graciously agreed to come
on the line and share everything she's learned
about public domain and profiting from it.
Rebecca "accidentally" built an entire business
around a free public domain book written in
1910 starting from scratch. Today, it brings her
in more money than she ever imagined. I promise you'll be
inspired and motivated after hearing her uncensored story.
Aren't You Sorry You Missed Out on This?
Frankly, I'm never going to hold this Tele-Class again -- but
the good news is I did record every single minute. Now you can
have the same "LIVE" access to this unique 2 ½ hour Tele-
Class where you'll hold the key to unlock the hidden vault of
public domain information to profit from over and over again.
Think about this for a minute: With this knowledge vou'II
have the confidence of knowing you can whip out an instant
product anytime vou feel like it - while others scramble and
run around in circles trying to put something together. Plus,
you'll have an almost unlimited source of new material for any
information product you could ever imagine in the future.
Here's the Bottom Line ...
After listening to this breakthrough information you'll hold
the key to unlock the hidden vault of public domain material to
profit from over and over again.
However instead of me rambling on and on about how I
"delivered the goods" during this Tele-Class - I figure it's
better if I show you solid proof. Go ahead and listen to just a
few of the first candid comments coming in from all over
the world:
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 14 of 32 --

"Prior to The Public Domain Riches call, I had many questions
concerning copyrights and public domain works. [You] made
sense of it all for me and now only one question remains.
Whatever will I do with all the money I'll be making? 1
Honestly, while on the call, which lasted for 2 and 1/2 hours, l
came up with 8 different ideas (or information products. If only
it had been a 4 hour call!"
- Joi Sigers, Charleston, IN
* *
"You gave me at least a half dozen new ideas to start earning
immediate income." - Lori Bergman, Pompano Beach, FL
* *
"Like everyone else I always knew about public domain works but
never in any detail. Thanks to your call I can say that finding the
work I'm interested in only took about 20 minutes and a simple
email confirmed that the work is in the public domain and I can
use it as I want! I came away with at least 10 times the value
before even doing anything. " - Moragh Ptt, Orpington, Kent,
UK
* *
"I went to an intellectual property attorney two weeks ago to get
some questions answered. Much to mv surprise. your class
provided me with (ar more useful information than the visit to the
~- 	I would recommend "Public Domain Riches" to anyone
and everyone. The class left me feeling extremely motivated and
knowledgeable." 	- Dawn Murray, Lakewood, CO
* *
"It is no exaggeration to say that it would take at least twenty
years to accumulate this level of detailed and specific wisdom
about public domain materials. There are literally huge fortunes
just "laying there" waiting/or 	anyone with the energy to pick it up.
The knowledge on your call and especially in the "Rolodex" allow
this to be done literally in a matter of days. Yanik you are without
peer in presenting such a level of specific detail. The call was
simply remarkable." 	- Dr. Hakim Chishti, Tucson, AZ
* *
" ... I have a huge appetite for searching out public domain
materials and thought I knew a/air bit about this topic. What a
shock after listening in on Yanik's tele-class to find out what little I
really knew about public domain stuff .. and where to find it.
There'll be huge changes in the way I steer future and ongoing
public domain searches ... " - Darryl Ruff, Kelowna, BC Canada
* *
"/ took time out of my very busy multiple six-figure virtual
business to attend your conference and logged 50 messages while
I listened to your information/or 	2 ½ hours. Time well spent!! ... "
- Patricia Winston, Vancouver, WA
* *
"You have outdone yourself 	The Public Domain Tele-Class was
awesome and contained far more info than I could have imagined.
You virtuallv made it impossible for anvone. to suffer from "an
idea shortage" ever again." - Dennis Spriet, Hackettstown, NJ
"Okay, So What's All This Going to Cost Me?"
Frankly, I thought long and hard about delivering this exclusive
information only as part of a high-priced seminar where I charged
at least $995.00 per person. But instead of going to all the trouble
of arranging for a room and taking time out of my schedule - I
settled on a Tele-Class as a perfect and convenient way-to deliver
this information (for you and me). That's why the entire 3-
volume, CD audios of the Tele-Class recordings - shipped
right to your door are only $97. (I think you'll agree this is a
tremendous bargain -- but in a minute I'll tell you what I'm going
to do to make this an even better deal.)
4 Special Bonuses For Your Quick Action
Needless to say, this Tele-Class is jam packed with the jealously
guarded secrets to finding, profiting from and exploiting public
domain information. Truth is, you'll never find this in-depth
information in any ebook, course or manual. But even with that
said, just to sweeten the pot a bit I'm also going to hand you 4
special bonuses to reward you for taking action immediately.
Bonus #1: Word-for-Word printed, hard-copy transcript of the
"Public Domain Riches" (148 pages). With the written transcript
you'll be able to read and highlight every key point on public
domain while laying on your couch. Also, this includes bonus
sections on understanding copyrights and researching copyright
status of works. (a $29.00 value)
Bonus #2: "Public Domain Copyright Checklist" and "Cheat
Sheet" - Use this checklist and "cheat sheet" to go through and
identify exactly which works fall into public domain and also to
document that you did your due diligence to save yourself
potential legal hassles. (a $19 value)
Bonus #3: "Public Domain Resource Rolodex" - This just
updated resource will provide you with dozens of websites that
already house public domain music, images, video, writings and
more. Plus, you'll get links to multiple government web sites with
high-quality public domain information on them you can grab right
away. Case in point: My good friend just visited one of the
government sites listed in this rolodex and came away with
material to put together a special report on his topic- and it
was all FREE! Thanks Uncle Sam! (a $19.00 value)
Bonus #4: Instant Online Access to the recordings, transcript,
copyright checklist and rolodex. While you are waiting for your
package to arrive in the mail you can still get started with public
domain this very minute because you'll get instant online access to
everything we talked about. This is like the best of both worlds. (a
$49.00 value)
There you have it - you couldn't ask for a better deal, unless I
also throw in my ...
100% "Better-Than-Risk-Free" Guarantee
Listen, if you don't agree that this it the most impactful,
eye-opening and practical information you've ever
received on the subject of public domain information and
instant product creation, simply email me and I'll issue
you a 100% refund on the spot. No hard feelings and no
questions asked. In fact, I'll extend this guarantee for an
entire year after the live tele-class! That's right, 365
days to use and profit from this unique information
or else ask (and receive) an immediate refund. And if
you decide to opt for a refund I still want you to keep the
4 bonuses as my free gift just for giving this a shot.
Fair enough? I urge you to take action right now and grab this
material on finding, using and profiting from the public
domain. Trust me, you won't want to miss out on this one. Grab
your copy now by filling out the enclosed Risk-Free Action
Form.
All the best,
~i5i~
Yanik Silver
P.S. Do you want a product to sell? One where you get to keep
all the money? One that you can keep selling over and over
again? Well it's as easy as "stealing" from the millions and
millions of pages of public domain content ... if you know exactly
how to do it. Why not spend 2 ½ hours with me and my 3 special
guests so you find out. Go ahead and complete the enclosed
Risk-Free Action Form to be privv to this insider information.
P.P.S. Update: Because of the tremendous positive feedback and
comments from the first people who received the Public Domain
Riches program I've been getting flooded with emails and phone
calls asking (sometimes even begging) me to set-up some kind of
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 15 of 32 --

------- 	-------
"hold-you-by-the-hand"programfor finding, using, re-packaging
and profitingfrom the public domain.
I finally relented and introduced a private "online workshop"for $1,995.00
per person and the response was so overwhelmingthat all four classes we
offered completely SOLD OUT within a few days! Now because of the
extremely personalized attention and time commitmentrequired by me to
handle these online workshops, I've decided not to hold regularly
scheduled live workshops.
However, I realized it wouldn't be fair to the people who missed out on
the opportunity to experience this "top-secret" informationeither because
of schedule problems or financial reasons.
That's why I've created an accelerated home studv course to give you a
proven 8-week plan to start making money with vour product using freely
accessible public domain information.All for a fractionof what others
paid.
"Give Me 8 Weeks And I'll Show You Step-By-Step
How to Create Your Very Own High-Profit Public
Domain Information Empire"
Let me walk you through everything once the right way then
You Can Do It Over and Over Again yourself literally anytime
you'd like to crank out a Toneymaking web site
Plus, if you're one of the first 50 to upgrade-I'll band you a
CD-rom filled with 50 different public domain works vou can
INSTANTLY profit from. Sell the material 'as-is', cut, edit, mix
& match or use anyway you'd like. (And 2 Other Incredible
Bonuses including CD-rom tutorials which walk you through
every step of the process from A-to-Z)
Introducing the...
"8-WeekPublic Domain QuantumLeap HomeStudy Program"
For 8 weeks (or as long as you need) this completeprogram will take
you through my unique system for uncovering public domain material,
analyzing markets, creating 'kick-bun' sales letters, profiting fromjoint
ventures, putting it all on autopilot and everything else you need to get
going. If you put in the effort to do the homework assignment my goal
is to have everyone with their own product ready and making money
in as little as 8 weeks.
Just imagine having your own product you can keep selling for years and
years. If you put in the effort - I'll make sure you get there.
Think about waking up every morning and finding orders waiting
for you in your email box. While you were sleeping customersfrom all
over the world were giving you money. And you don't have to do much at
all because your computer takes the order, processesthe credit cards,
delivers the product and then deposits money in your bank account - all
without you lifting a finger.
And It's Not Just "How To Make Money" Products
I'll give you the almost 'no-brainer' way to putting up public domain
products for sale on the web. In fact, you'll even get to sec exactly what I
did every single step of the way. I'll explain more in a moment but for
now, check out these results:
ClickBankPaycheckReport figuredraw
j
pay pe:iod 	c:edics 	debit:s 	bonus 	releaae 	balance
..........	=•••c••••= 	2 ■ ••s-=••• •••=••• s•:z••••ac • ••••••ss
2004-02-01 	,214. 72 	'12.83 	,0.60 	$0.00 	$179. M
2004-01-16 	USS.90 	.o.oo 	$0.40 	$0,00 	$165.17
2004-01-01 	U66.59 	;13.83 	,o.oo 	$0.00 	$134.n
2003-12-16 	$202.13 	$25.66 	.o.oo 	,o.oo 	!'115~.4?.
This is a Clickbank statement of recent bi-weekly checks. (In thjs case
the amounts areallNET that comes into my pocket not gross because
Cljckbank pays out affiliate commis~ionsand handles all the credit cards
for me).! literally threw this public domain project up on the web in about 9
hours (working on and off between other projects).
And the funny thing is I created this project as a challengeto prove
beyond a shadow of a doubt that this works in almost anv kind of
market.The public domain work I picked is a book that teaches artists
how to draw people and human anatomy better
Can you imagine a worse market to go after?
You've heard the phrase "starving artists" before, right? Well, this
market would definitely NOT be my first choice howeveryou can see for
yourself it is bringing in about $300 a month. Now I literally haven't even
touched the site since I put it up and even with me completelyout of the
picture not lifting a finger it still makes hundreds every single month
like clockwork. (Of course, if! was a little more motivated I could easily
double or triple this site in no time flat.)
Of course, this project isn't going to make me the filthy rich - but hey --
who wouldn't want their car payment or maybe even their mortgage
covered by one of these little autopilot "oil wells"?
Listen, the best part is once you figure this all out it takes vou almost no
time at all to set up S 10 20 or more of these little monevmakers for vou.
(Personally,I'll have at least 4 other public domain projects on all different
topics set up and going in a few weeks when I get a couple spare moments.
The next one on houseplants is already up and bringing in revenue.)
Frankly, you can have as many of these autopilot sites as you want since
there are millions and millions of pages of public domain content out there
just waiting for you to snatch it up.
But remember it all starts with the proven system.th.atI'll hand to
YQ!!... Herc are the 8 lessons inside this exclusive home study material:
I. Finding public domain material that has market potential.
(Hint: I'll let you in on my ultra secret method and checklist of
determining whether to pursue a project or not And the best
part is it only costs you a couple bucks and 48 hours.)
2. Clearing rights for your public domain work to stay on the
right side of the law.
3. Quickly and easily getting the product into a sellable and highly
profitable format.
4. Web site copy that practically forces people to whip out their
credit card once they hit your site.
5. Automating your process so your computer does all the hard
work while you goof off.
6. Driving tons of traffic to your site without breaking the bank.
7. Setting up joint ventures that can open up a flood of new
business.
8. Getting dozens, even hundreds of sites working for you selling
your product.
After each lesson vou are 2iving simple homework assignments to
make sure vou~tay on track. Now once you've mastered these steps -
it's the closest thing I know to legally creating your own automatic
money machine by "stealing" a product from the public domain. And
you can do this over and over and over again once you see how to do it
the right way with me as your guide.
Plus as an extra bonus, you'll get to watch me in real-time do the
exact same thing you're doing. I'll be working "without a net" and
going through the identical process you're doing. My public domain
project has absolutely nothing to do with advertising, marketing,
Internet marketing, or making money. I don't even have a list of people
interested in this so I come in with a blank slate and probably start
exactly where you are beginning.
This will be like a real-time laboratory experiment you can watch
and learn from. (I plan on selling these "watch-me-then-you-do-it"
screen capture videos separately for $29S.00 but it is a free gift for
you right now).
Here Are A Few Comments About This Comprehensive Program:
" .. I am well on my way to completing my first product. I thought "all that public
domain scuff is so out of dace •- it's probably got no relevance to today". Boy,
was /wrong! There's a wealth of grea/ stuff in public domain•· if you know how
to find ii. Not only did I find some great st~ff. .. I now have 3 or -I project., "on the
shelf" that I will cackle once I finish chefirst one. "
- Owen Pigott, Herndon, VA
"After a year and a half of floundering in my imemet business a/tempts. I
discovered Yanik's Public Domain Workshop. I'm so thankful for his clear .. ,tep
by step instructions on how to create and market your product. Thanks to his
assistance, I'm days awayfrom actually launching my first product package!
Yanik lets you in on the secrets he uses ... ' He give., invaluable advice plus
encouragement along the way! I'd high(v recommend the workshop - it's
worth every penny!" 	- Lisa Preston, Nicholasville,KY
While all of this is fresh in your mind- sign up right now!
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 16 of 32 --

Dan Kennedy's
No B.S. Marketing
Newsletter
June 2004 	Exhibits
·DhiGree
stress?
Don't make the
mistake of hiring
a lawyer ..• without
calling this FREE
24-hour hotline first.
In Phoenix,call 602-'253-2994 or
visit arizonaonlinedivorce.com
All right, first of all, -let me say I am
sorry you are getting a divorce. I know· ·
life stinks right now; But, just because
you feel terrible, don'tgo and MAKE
THINGS WORSE by hiring the first
lawyeryou talk to! Your qivorceis the
· most important decision you will ever
make. Your children, house, car, dog,
future income-:--everything-is ·on the
line right now ..If you end up with a bad
divorce, you will feel the effects of it
for years. One more thing: you do NOT
have to hire a lawyer to get a divorce in
Arizona. There are better options than
spending hundreds of hours .and thou-
sands of dollars mired in the old-fash-
ioned traditional legal muck. We offer
a FAST(your div~rce complete in less
than40minutes) ... PRQVEN 	(2,000+
satisfied divorces) ... FAIR (win-win)
and LOW.;.COST (under $299) di'-
vorce. Call our hotline 602-253-2994 ·
or visit www.arizonaonlinedivorce.com
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 17 of 32 --

12- Front
#2-Back
112=.A
WHAT SHOUI..P	YOU DO NOW?
,, 	'Mr. Greenspan 	knows 	that
INTERESTRATESAREGOINGUPIN 2004!
Don't missthe bottom of this interest rate cycle!
♦ If you have not already refinanced your
apartment property, DO SO NOW!
♦ If you are considering·SELLINGyour property,
DO SO NOW (while rates are low and buyers
can get maximum loan dollars!)
The PacificNorthwest CapitalFinancing
Advantage:
FREEAPPRAISALSon all closedloans(Limitedtime offer)
MONEY-BACKGuaranteeon all transactions
FAST30 Day Closings
FREE90 Day Interest RateLooks
PacificNorthwestCapital(800)265-3860
Al Williams(206) 264-1325
TammyLinden(206) 264-1326
www.apartmentfinancing.com
Pacific
Northwest
Capital
505 MadisonA~nue
5.J!to230
Seattle, WA98104
/~\
'BBB'
-..--P.REMIElt Finmcing for ApartmentProperties
throughout th<West.
GREENSPAN 	KNOWS WHEN INTEREST
RATES ARE GOING UP. You DON'T. BUT WE
HAVE 'TOP SECRET' INFORMATION
THAT CAN SAVE YOU A FORTUNE.
FREE - IF YOU Ac::T FAST!
If you haveNOTrefinancedyourapartment
propertyin the past 	months,call our FREE RECORDED
MESSAGE 24 hrs., 7 days wk. At 1-800-000-0000 for insider
info on 90-day interest rate locks and for a copy of our
FREE REPORT:5 lNSIDERTACTICSTO MAXIMIZE
PROFITWHENRE-FI'ING.
If you AREconsideringselling,call our other
FREE RECORDEDMESSAGE,24 hrs., 7 days wk.at
1-800-XXX-XXXX for insider info, limited time free
appraisal offer details, and our FREE REPORT:HOW TO
KNOW WHENTO SELL FOR TOP DOLLAR.
These Reports available FREE only untll
<insert deadline date>.
If you need immediate, personal assistance including
appraisal, fast 30 day closings, 90 day interest lock,
moneyback guarantee on a all transactions, free telephone
consultation, call PACIFICNORTHWESTCAPITALat
800-265-3860. Or: info at wwwapartmentfinaociog	com.
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 18 of 32 --

NOW You Can Be Profitably 'In' The Market And Safely 'Out' At The Same Time ...
What 	If You Could Invest In The Stock Market WITHOUT FEAR •..
And GUARANTEE 	Your Portfolio 	Against Loss? What If There Was
A Way To 'Insure' 	Your Investment 	Against The Downside Risk
When The Market Tanks ••. But Also Let's You Take FULL
Advantage 	Of The Upside Potential When The 'Bull' 	Charges?
Now You Can!! With A Program 	That Alan Greenspan Praises .••
Dear Entrepreneur,
Are you sitting down? As you can see from the envelope, this information may cause
fainting. I was even going to send smelling salts (but thought they might leak) because this is one
of the most powerful financial planning strategies ever devised. It's so amazing that I have a hard
time believing it myself (and narrowly escaped injury when I first heard about it).
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 19 of 32 --

Roy 	Myers'
No Spl,c"Wealth Secrets •••
For 	The 	Savvy 	Entrepreneur
Legacy Estate Planning Services, 109 F.d~ood Dr., Bardstuwn, KY 40004
8()()..882-8993,ft 502-350-3185,Jeps@bardstowncable.net
"Nobody owes anybody anything; it's up to each individual to set lligh standards for himself or herself, and to set about
working bard and creating a solid future."
~ KatherineHepburn~
Incredi,hle Development Sbocks 	Industry •••
Roy Myers Becomes.A Reluctant
Romance Therapist ... ·
Good Griefl I'm only a .bumble financial expert. Yet, as strange as this may seem, I've suddenly
become embroiled in the stuff that would make the mid-day 'soaps' seem like a morality play. Oh, it's
bad all right And I don't know how it happened There I was, squeezing my usual rivers of 'blood out of
turnips,' (financiallyspeaking of course) when I was broadsided by a curve-ballquestion about
financesfrom a couple that shared such intimatedetails of their marriagethat I was emba."TaSSed.
Yes, lately, I've been getting more and more calls from business owners and their spouses that, at
first glance seem to be about their finances.But you know how it goes when someone starts out by
saying, "I have thisfriend ... " You got it ... it's about them.
And you know what? I'm getting pretty good at it My financial wizardry is patching 	~
marriages, turning enemies into pals, reconcilingthe dog and the mailman. I'm starting to 	~;,ft?
think I may have a second career in the romancebusiness... that's why the theme of the
nevvs!etteris romarr..e.I'm trying an exper-.mentto see if I get a few more calls and maybethis could be a
full time thing. And NO. it's not because I think rmDr. Joyce Brothers. It's just that many relationship
problems are, in reality, financial problems that have been eroding the fabric of a relationship that was
once was strong and stable... but now is frayed and tenuous because of the constant stress, worry and fear.
Let me know if you want to hire me, "To help this.friend you know." Have a wonderful Valentine's Day.
The Truth About ''Tax Freedom"!
The Tax Foundation,a
.,_: 	nonprofitresearchorganizationbased
in Washington,D.C., recently reported
that the average American in 2003 had to work
from January 1 through April 19th just to pay their
taxes. The sort of good news is that this day of tax
freedom (the day where you stop working for the
government according to the Tax Foundation) has
dropped back a few days in the last three years.
The bad news is that Americans, on average, have
to work through mid April... to reach tax freedom
day. Recent tax cuts and a slower economy are
contnbuting factors to this slight reduction in the
average tax burden.
1
Now keep in mind this tax freedom day is
for the uaverage" American. If you make above an
average income ... your tax freedom day is extended
out even further!
"Americans will work longer to pay the
government in 2003 than they will for food,
clothing, and shelter combined,"said the Tax
.: 	Foundation.Even in the wake of
rt~ 	/ slightly falling overall income taxes
..J. in the last decade, taxes have
-: ·:-. 	exceeded spendingon these basic
necessities.In fact.federal taxes
alone cost Americans more (74 days worth of
work) than any other budget item!
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 20 of 32 --

RovReveqls "Whv 11reRici, llave A Better Love Lik" {what thev!ve gotthat vou don't) ....
"How Can Anybody Think Of Romance, Love & Kisses,
Or 'Sweet Nothings Whispered In The Dark,' When Their
Guts Are Tied Up In Knots About Their Finances????
Here's Your Answer, Just In Time For Valentine's Dav!!"
1#""Romance Secret" 	#1
Shouldn't 	You Be Buying 	Ber 	That 	. /:) 	,.
Necklace 	Instead 	Of Throwing 	.Yollll' 	,E1f
'Romance 	Money' 	Down 	A Sinkhole? 	c.:
I've Told You Before, You Can 'Just Say NO' To TAXES On Your
Business Profits!
Bow does NO taxes on your business profilll sound? Many dentists are taking advantage of
this program.Becauseof special interestgroup pressure,a little knowngovernmentruling was made
over IS years ago in which the governmentsaid that under certaincircumstances,a company's pension
plan is allowedto purcbasethe company's accountsreceivables!!! What.does this mean in plain English?
It meansthat in 1nanycasesyou are now able to move most of your profits into a tax-exempt retirement
plan. Yep,~ 	will be paid on 1hoseprofits. Call me and I'll give you the simple details and let you
know if you'd benefit from my "I Take It Back,Profit Recapture Program."
.W'"Romance Sec.,et" 	#2
11 Sony, 	Honey. 	Scratch 	The Vacation 	Getaway
This Year. 	I Didn't 	Call Roy In Time 	To Save 	An
Easy 	Bundle 	Of CASH On My Taxes.''
No, It's Not Powerball But You Could Have An Extra $200K ... And
Even $300K This Year!! NOW you can make0
up for whatyou lo.,t during the market
crazinessof the·last few years. The NEW RULES for 412(1)'s mean MassiveAcceleratedTa'9
Deductions..Don't watch from the sidelineson this one... while other dentistsare cleaningup.
You shouldbe protectingyourself from unnecessarytruceswhile stuffingyour retirement 	1
nest egg to the point of bursting. Call me and ask for info about my, 	· •
'If.'J.A NEW BuUgame,Massive Accelerated Tax Deduction' Custom Blueprint.
W_"Romance Secret" 	#3
Row Long 	Awe You Going 	To Keep 	Up The Chairade?
You Can't 	Say, "Not Tonight, 	Babe. 	I've 	Got A 	.
Headache," 	Fo ..ever. 	Don't 	You Think 	It's 	lflTime 	To ...
/fl
Sell YourPrqctice!JYou're Ready!! Go Ahead, But ...
You've gotta be protectedfrom CAPITALGAINS.. ;which, thankfully,is a breeze.I'm amazedat how
many of you I've talked with who are toyingwith the idea of sellingyour practices,but hit a brick wall
becauseyou're worriedabout getting eaten alive by capital gains. I've got your answer.It's simple, fast,
safe aridcheap. Call me now and we'll map out your quick, "Claim Your Gain§ Action Plan,"
'J/f"	"Romance Seciret" 	Clue #4
"Folt'g'ive Me, Sweetie. 	No Candlelight 	Dinner 	At The
Finest 	Restauirant 	For A While 	Because 	... "
1 	"My IRA Is 'DEAD IN THEW ATER" ••• It's Like Having
J■	-. 	My Staff On A 24/7 Coffee Break .. .And I'm Paying For It
Every Day O/The Year!//
The moneyin your IRA is DEADIN THE WA1ER .. when it could be reapingpiles of cash-•NOW -
without payinga penaltyand withoutrisk througha seldomused governmentsponsoredprogramthat NO
ONE knowsabout.Why have it sitting there making 'minimum wage' when you can use it like a winning
lotto ticket to financeamortgage or many other investmentsthat :Y!ll!control-and NOT pay a tax penalty
for the privilege.Of course, most agentsthat you hire independentlyto manageyour IRA Don't Want
You To Know About l\ly," IRA On Steroids Program," because YOUnow control1heIRA and
tl1ey'reout the commissions. Don't shed a tear thoughbecause:Y!ll!make a pile and retain control!
'JI"	"Romance 	Secnt" 	#5
"We Can't 	1 Trip The Light 	Fantastic' 	In 	,
Jamica 	Because 	I've Been 	Paying 	DOUBLE · 	.
·For Ou., Mortgage!
The banks don't want you to know about this type of mortgage... althoughthey could offer Jt
. • IIMIIJI	
D
12..IQl!,.But why should they. They make a lot less on them.But for the consumer,it's dumb
it to pay retail when wholesaleis available.There are rates severalpoint lower than what
HI 	you can get from bitech or the other 'fast-food' mortgagecompanies.This "Ultimate
Alternative Mortgage Solution" is NOT advertisedwith internetpop-upsor TV
infomercials,but it gives you choices as to what you pay each month... with the country's biggestand
most powerfullenders.It favors the consumer...not the banks!!
~ "Romance 	Secret" 	#6 	A,,,, 	111 Know, 	It's Not The 	Expensive 	' ·
Perfume 	I Got You Last Year. 	But I Can't
Affoa'd It Because 	I've 	Been 	Wasting 	Our
Money 	Paying 	Retail."
Would You Be Paying Retail If Your Uncle Owned
The Store?? Of Course Not. And As Your Favorite Uncle, I'll Slash •••
2
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 21 of 32 --

#7 - Continued
All Your 'Catastrophic Policies' Costs To the BONE-You
SAVE60% !!
-6 policies in one and 60% CHEAPER than when purchasedindividually!
-PennanentLife insurance.
-Long-TermCare
(l].
-Tenn life on spouse and on each child.
-Lump Sum Insurancefor Cancer,Heart Attack,Strokeor OrganTransplant
-Retirementincomefor life
-Disabilityincomefrom accidentor illness.
Call me about my, "Why Pay Retail?" Solution.
~ "Romance Secret" 	#7
11 OH, NO. We Have 	To Cane~! 	The 	Honeymoon
Suite 	Because 	The IRS Got 11.·Room Booked 	Fow Me
At 1 Club 	FED' Altew My Audit 	Went 	Bad."
"TAX TERROR" And CONFUSION 	'SOLVED' W(tb ...
~ The IRS Masterfile! Knowingwhat the IRS kuowsaboutyou and makingsure
it's accurate(like a credit report)cnn changeyour sleepinghabits drastically.Your
spouseis probablywonderingwhenyou will be back to nonnal and not have your
nightly'headache.' My legal team can go to bat for you and find out what's goingon in your file
with the IRS-and do it without raising red flags or increasing your chances of an audit. That's
everybody'sbig fear whenthey hear aboutthis straiegy.But the IRS confinns (and so do our formerIRS
employees)that the requestsare in differentdepartmentsthat don't communicate.Oncethe infonnationis
obtained,any disputeswith the IRS can be more quicklyand easily resolved.Call me todayfor my '2
minute brief' on the, "Master Solution To Tax TERROR" program.
'J/1".	"Romance 	Secret #8
11 1 Had 	To $ay It 	With 	Flow-e_~lnstead 	Of
Diamonds 	Because 	Our Nest-Egg 	Is Gone!"
'
~ 	;;;----.."Ladies and Gentlemen, SteD Right Up and Place Your Bets---
'\ 	:'C Let's Put Your WholeNest-Egg On The Line" -
4\~ Yeah, when we first heard aboutLongTerm Care, we all thoughtit was bogus 	~•
§,,,:f""'	"°'""'	~ 'ymmg' folk, h,d ro1hl,k """""" 	i<'""'	=I ""' ""'mrt 	.cheap the youngery.ouget it. Withoutit, you're gamblingbecause 3 out of S adults
will spend time in a LTC facility by the age of6S!!!!!I! Crummy odds. But I can
providethis coverageabout 25% CHEAPERthan the usual by combininglife insurance
with LTC and makingthe most of both of them for a big savings.A short call will give
the simpledetails on my "Don't Bet The Farm" Plan.
'J/1".	"Romance Secret" #9 	· 	·
"Hey 	Smooc:hums! 	Pack 	Your 	Bags. 	I Just Bought
3
An RV With 	.The Payout 	Fwom The
lnsuwance 	Polley 	I Was 	Going 	To Cancel!!
GET CASH NOW!! Sell Your Insurance Policy For CASH! ...
~ "There's Gold In Them Thar Policies."Good Griefl!Don't just !!ml!that insurancepolicy.You
may be able to arrangea 'senior settlement'and sell it if you meet certainqualifications.You
may have rea¢hedthe age or life situationwhere you don't need the coverageanymoreor are
thinkingof changingto some other coverage.Call me to find out if you're sittingon the
equivalentof 'finding a mattress full of cash in the attic.' Ask about the, "CASHIN On Insurance
System."
.,,,. 	"Romance 	Secret" #10
Row Romantic!!! 	You'd 	Love To Go
Adventu.l'ing.!"!'O~ $~•d 	PeJ'haP•• But ...
Don't Go Wandering in the 'Legal Jungle' Without
TARZAN ToGuide You And An Elephant 	Gun As
Your Backup. I don't have to tell you it's a legaljungle out there and there's a lawyerwith his
sightstrainedon every one of us. Are you utilizingthe HomesteadAct for asset protection? Do you have
'prepaid legal' in place so you don't get eaten by fees? What aboutbeing audited?Did you know you ·
~
can get 10 years of legal protection for tax audits fo.r about a dollar a day ... an. d my legal team
valent to Tar.ian and an elephant gun) if necessary, will go all the way to tax court if the
IRS comes calling (no competitors will do that). Just give me a quickcall and I'll give ii to
you in a nutshell.Ask aboutthe, "ElephanJ Gun Legal Protection Plan."
JI".	•1ftpm.anco Seciret"#11
HWboops! 	I Fowgot 	To Tell You The Valentine's
Day 	Caribbean 	Cruise 	Is Off ... l Wasn't 	Divenified
When 	The 	Mal'ket 	Tanked!!"
Iron-Clad Safe, Guaranteed Return, No Loads, No Fees, Tax
Protected, Highest Rate Locked In. What Could Be 	. 	fflBetter? 1 keep hammeringat you that you've gotta diversifyand have at least 	• 	. . •
SOMETHINGthat's totally safe. Wouldn't you be smart to havea least something 	O O 0
that nets you a 7% GUARANTEEDreturnand providesalmost unlimitedTAX
DEFERRAL????With my NEW "Airtight Annuity Answer" programyou can 	---= ........_
even lock in the highest 'high water mark' that ties into the marketinterestrates-and you're locked in at
the highestrate for a year. Call me immediatelyfor a quickoverview.
~
.• ,,,,.."Romance 	Secret" #12
"Sony 	Shnookems, 	I'm Not Coming 	To Bed."
Sleepless 	Nights?? 	And It's Not Because
You'•e 	Tbinkin' 	About 	A Vacation, 	But ....
4
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 22 of 32 --

#7- Continued
But About 	You• IRS Crisis.
Did You Know You May Be Able To Use The IRS's Own Code To Get
YourselfClassifiedAs 'Uncollectable.' You shouldn't be spendingyour precious
energy in agonized worry and sleepless nights. Don't toss and tum, scare your spouse, snap at your staff,
and ignore your kids when you could be thinking about your next marketing campaignor a new technique
that will make the referials pour in. It's not worththe stress when my legal team has tiles full of former
horror stories that now haveDisney endings.There's an IRS code that may allow you to be put into the
uncollectiblecategory even while you're making a decent income. Don't despair. Call me and ask about
the, "Vacelnatlon For IRS Blues Program." It's quick and easy to see if this will work for you.
cf!,,.,	"Romance 	Secret" 	# 13
1Pa,ty 	Hearly 	1 Fow Valentine's 	Day ...
... 11.ndBusiness 	Profits!!
Here'sA 'TAXNUGGET' Thgt Can Save YoyAn Easy $20To30KPerYeq,;
Would You Like To Take Money Out Of Your
Practice And Not Have To Pay A Single Dime Of
Taxes On It?... AND Get A Tax Deduction For
100% Of That Amount? AND Reward Key EmployeesSo
That They Receive The Money CompletelyTax Free (NO
ReportingNecessary And Your Business STILL Gets To
Deduct The Expense)?...
There's no pointin answeringthat question,of eourse. We'reall lookingfor safe,legal wayslo keep Uncle
Sam's stickyfingersout of our pockets. Well .. .
This littlegemdoesn'tgeneratethe massivedeductionsjhatthe Annuitiesand412(i)'sdo as I've listedon
the earlierpages,butlet's face it, an extra 10, 15, or 20grand is betterthan 'a pokein the eye with a sharp
stick,' as the sayinggoes.
OK. Let's get downto brass tacks.There's a seldomused and littleknownIRS code that has a provision
mosttax advisorsaren't familiarwith,and thosewho~ familiaroftendon't think it's worth botheringwith(but
let's see howthey feel aboutit if it's THEIR$20grand!).
In orderto Jetyou seohowpoweifulthis is. let me showyou a eoupleof examples.Let's say it's the start
of the yearQikenow)andyou decideto makesure thBteverybodyat tho office is eommittedto workingat 100%of
theircapability ... and workingcooperatively.To that endyou decideto havea 2 dayeorporateretreatat
yourbouse. 	,,,,
·Beforeyou decidedto useyour house,youhad calledarounda eoupleof different hotels,and
askedthemhowmuchthey wouldchargeto providea fullycatered meetingroomfor JOhoursa day,
alongwithsomecomfortablefurnishings.Theaveragepricequotedwas about$500to $1000per day,
dependingon whereyou live. 	·
YOU Keep The Money!!
5
Since that is the going rate for such facilities, you feel that it is only fair for you personally to
charge your companya similar amount Thus the bill you present to the companyis $1000 to$2000 for
.the 2 day retreat Due to this little known code, you get to pocket 100% of that money without paying a
single dime in taxes, no income taxes, employmenttaxes, or even workman'scompis owedon that
money. No, it all belongs to YQ!!..
And At The Same Time, Your Company Is Able To Fully Deduct The $1000 to $2000 As A
Rental Deduction. Talk About DOUBLEDIPPING!!
Now,it mightso happenthat youhave the type of officewhere everybodymayget the messagefor a
monthor two,bot after a whilethingsstart to revertback to wheretheywerebeforethe training.Therefore it might
be in the eompany'sbestinterestto havetheseexecutiveretreatsabouteveryothermonth. That comesout to be
about 12daysout of the year,or $12,000 tax free dollars' intoyourpocket. Ooops,almostforgotaboutholiday
parties. Generallya side resultof theseinformalexecutivetreatsis a closerknit crew,whoaren'tgoingto be happy
withjust one officepartya year.It's goingto take at least two to make them happy.
That GivesYouAnotber$2,000... TaxFREE!!
Lest yourCPAstartto thiuk thatyou are somesort of eoldheartedbosswhousestheir employeestimefor
personalg~n, let's changethe facts a littlebit. Let's saythatyou had somekey employeeswhoyouwonldreally
like to bonus,to let them .knowyou really appm:iatethem, but youknewthatanybonuswasgoingto be eatenalive
in llll(es.
. 	. 	Have any idea of what T'm thinking?
,• 	Yep, move the party to their house for a few months. In fact, nothing in the tax code
says that your business can only deduct these expenses for 14 days of rental use,rather, the
~ • 	14 day limitation is per taxpayer whose house is being rented. That means that if there is a
• 'II- 	valid business purpose, you could have the executiveretreats at your house for 10 days out
• • 	of the year•· $10,000 to you, 10 days at Sally's house •• $10,000 to Sally, and 10 days
at Phil's house-- $10,000 to Phil. All tax free and yet deductible.
Who says tax planning has to be boring? Call me about a brief overviewof my,
"Party Hearty For Profits Program."
1"".	Romanee Seca-et" #1!1
"A Moonlit 	Ride 	On A What?" ...
The Conservative 'NO RISK' Way To Investment Riches ... It's Even
Insured! Certain Words Conjure Up All Sorts OfDemons when it comes to investments. 'Horses'
> • • 	would have to be at the top of ihe list when it comes to scaring off the uninformed.
UI)But the rich know the insider's truth ... investing in th. oroughhred ho.rses is !!!f£t
.' 	than most investmentsand insured!! You can get the benerrts ofreal estate
• 	(like rolling over capital gains repeatedly),but your shares in thoroughbred
' 	horses are insured, whereas real estate is not We're not talking about wild
speculativeinvestmentswhen you hear the word, 'horses.' And we're certainly not
talking about betting on the.horses. We're talking conservative(safer than real estate investing) in
'insured' shares of ownership of thoroughbredswith experts who have been quietly and lucratively
providing these services to the rich for 25 years. Call about my, 	~
"FortKnox-Horse HeavenProgram."
Note: As you know,Sandy and I have learnedthe thoroughbredhorseinvestment 	·
businessat the feet of Tim Disney, the Breeder/Brokerguru. If you waut to see pix
or video clips of our new foal, Sandywill drop everythingand overwhelmyour server.Don't ask
· unlessyou're prepared.
6
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 23 of 32 --

2600 St. Paul Street
Baltimore, Maryland
21218
-r,:,,,
I
,.~ .;; ..
Bi!IG!nz,r
r;us,Cl,1M«
1lJtJlri.tl IJflhilfiartSt
HullimtJ"
015H'14105402 	g
~ 	~fL ~n• 	iT. 	01/'14/04 	ii,
(fJ
Mallo<!l'rom21218 	:;j
MD 	21:/QI
r
~	-	-~
'This isn't a bandaid,its a solution'
-lCarl 	"Bill" Struever
StrueverBrothers,Eccles.& Rouse
~
i.
ui
...
' ~
~	,,
\1
I(
II
Iwww.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 24 of 32 --

(
Ill
11.
C
...
~::,
C,
IIIA.
..	~
I.P.D.C.A.
5331 Derry Ave., Suite J
Agoura Hills, CA 91301
. - 	__:,_,·_·_~ 	...,
• \"/" : "i 	~.....
:~;::;);\{_	•.·
-~	'<~	~;	.• 	~-~;	·
~.;:¥
I 	. ' 	, •
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 25 of 32 --

\Jdtii;I,~~
OSOJaql(ftnaJa,OJtill
/'tflA}Of	.fr,,itt,.,.
-~.
to 	JfJ/t/rJf	·~
;,,11i,t..-	wW
.,/-o;' 	'1'"	!
.~
;;:
l \ .-1gtg
\ \ i or/l
. 	.?~ii, 	' 	. 	·•· ·	·-·---------··-· ······- 	i:P ~ ~ L _________	.......c.,.-"-~--
, ,(. ::~~;: :,_________~ ~1
:., ~ i ~!!,	~:	~	i,~:"	:~~	:;,~·::~	!~~~~	:mi	~ 	-
;JTYPE	ORDER □ ROl ~ 	yw 	UPRINT 	D EHIARGEMENT
r. .£;::·~::w-m~:r.:::z.::r:;:~~::.~l- 	~- 	r.:::::w.r:~:~fil'E2m ~:.m!ILAL 	maacstdJI
\f;{}~jj( PRINTS	SIZE 	D 4"Pl 	~ 	' PRlllfS 	D OTHER
"l-7p1;pm:;;-:<rt>,-'t"{:7,;::.;,-·::::""'.'~:;r'J:.::..,1 	r..:;.v211,~~ f.'m3:~ 	mz!~!..'0~RUZ.Z Ai£& 	◄
□ DOUB 	lGLE 	□ OTHER
t ffi".:~.;;:'J:7.i'Ji!~?n~Jn;;w;;n.wsmm:xcazza ◄
REORDER	PRINTSD STAtlDi\~1r - · □ - fXf 	D 8XIO 	D OTIIER
':r:~~~~t~~~~~:~~izm:-,1..~anr.,:?".m::r~w;,1'!)..E.'<:r.n;.:..'i!!ZU!re::rt-r.~;:a!e :o ,, .J =a. MW&.maw, ◄
SPECIAL	IHSTRUCTIOHS:
~ ~ 	-~ ~ 	~ ..::s;:::,.
~ 	b 	"'"'~--S 	~
~~~~~-< 	- 	~
t- 	(. 	_"'h 	~-- 	. "'<; ~
~rft~ 	, 	~ 	+
~~ 	? 	"l''t:-~r~" -~ 	~ 	.,...- ~ 	~
r 	.:s 	--L 	'!-~ 	r 	t. 	~
'S"'V\ 	- 	f 	~ 	"-· }'~ 	....s; 	~ 	~
}
...__
TAX
TOTAL	___ 	_
i
. 	!
•-- ___ 	Ii
~
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 26 of 32 --

MEGA-CONFERENCE	AUDIO	COLLECTION
ADVANCE*	DISCOUNT	ORDER	FORM
Eight Audio Cassettes or CD's featureDan Kennedy/Renegade 	Millionaire, Joe Sugarman/Lifetime 	Of
Marketing Adventures, Bill Glazer/Outrageous Advertising and Ron LeGrand/Cash 	Millionaire
Through 'Quick Turn' Real Estate presentations virtually in their entirety; Corey Rudi and Yanik Silver
break-out session presentations on Internet Marketing nearly in entirety; highlights of Mark Victor
Hansen/How To Achieve Bigger Goals; and highlights of other break-out session speakers.
Silver Member
Gold Member
Gold+, Gold/VIP
AfterPublication
$199.00
$179.00
$149.00
Pre-Publication*
DiscountPrices
$169.00
$149.00
$99.00
*Your credit card will not be charged until shipment, to occur by or before August 30, 2004 . Pre-
Publication Discounts end July 30, 2004.
See Other Side for information about the speakers and their presentations.
PS: The audio program does NOT include the Comedy Roast from Dan's semi-retirement party. Dan
was roasted by Jeff Paul, Dr. Gregg Nielsen, Bill Glazer, Rory Fatt, Ron LeGrand and Lee Milteer. To
obtain a video of the roast, you need to send two charity donation checks, one for $15.00 to Habitat For
Humanity, another for $15.00 to New Vocations, to Kennedy Inner Circe, Inc., 5818 N. 7th St., #103,
Phoenix, AZ 85014. There is no charge for the video or for shipping/handling.
------------------------------------Name____________ 	Co.______ 	_
Ship Address 	( □ Office or □ Home )
City, State, Zip_______________ 	_
Phone__________ 	FAX________ 	_
PAYMENT: $._____ 	_
PAYMENT BY: □ 	Check (Payable to Glazer-Kennedy Inner Circle)
OR
□ 	Charge my: 	□ VISA 	□ 	MasterCard 	□ American Express 	□ Discover Card
Card #__________________ 	Exp Date.__ 	_
Signature 	(Required)
FAX JO: 	410-825-3301,available 24 hours a day.
MAILTO: Glazer-KennedyInner Circle
8600 LaSalle Rd, Chester Bldg, #321, Towson, MD 21286.
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 27 of 32 --

DAN KENNEDY - Summarizingthe most valued lessonslearned from his
intense,up close, personal,hands-on work with over 100 first-generation
"renegade"millionaire,multi-millionaireand million dollar-plusyearly income
producersin diverse fields AND his own 29 years of entrepreneurialactivity. This
is the introductionto his long-awaited Renegade MillionaireSystem. Includesa
provocativepresentationon "autonomy'':doing businessand living life on your
terms.
JOE SUGARMAN - knownto millions as the marketingwiz behind the gigantic
success:Siu-Blockerssunglasses, sold via infomercial,ave, countlesscatalogs
and retail chains. Joe is a legendary direct marketing innovator,former CIA
agent, author of numerousbooks including'Triggers' which presents
psychologicalsecretsto creating compellingsales copy, and a grand raconteur.
BILL GLAZER - advertising,marketingand sales advisorto a growing legion of
retailersin his originalfield: menswear,as well as jewelry, sporting goods, etc.,
Bill is famous in our circlesfor his truly outrageous,way-outside-the-box
advertisingand direct-mailthat producesextraordinaryresults, time after time.
He is also, of course,the Publisher of this newsletter,and provides 'The Back
Page' about a new outrageousadvertisingexample every month.
COREY RUDL - Has developed over 600,000 customerstotally via Internet
marketing,tor his e-books,courses, coachingprogramsand software. He is
constantlyat the very forefront, the cutting edge of the newest, hottest
opportunities,strategiesand newly developedtools tor making money with the
Internet,in virtually any business.
YANIK SILVER- 	Barelyturned 30, Yanik began his Internet-entrepreneur
adventureswith no computer skills, quickly created a giant income, and has been
living the dream of automatic income from multiple web sites and online
commerce.His 'instantsalesletters.com'is one of the most popular sites
dispensingready to use marketing tools. Yanik is now a regular contributorto
'The No B.S. MarketingLetter.'
MARK VICTOR HANSEN - co-author of 'The One-MinuteMillionaire',co-creator
the 'ChickenSoup For The Soul' book series - with over SO-MILLIONbooks sold
worldwide.Mark is a master of big thinking, visionary thinking, motivationand
influence.
RON LE-GRAND - The "quick turn real estate" leader, helpingthousands make
millionswith high-profitfast-cash transactions(NOT as 'landlords.') If you've ever
been curious about how people REALLYget rich fast in real estate, here's the
straight scoop.
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 28 of 32 --

(1.)
(2.)
I
(3.)
(4.)
HOT SHEET -ALERT 	- 	Important 	MEMO
RE:INFORMATIONSUMMIT- 	LllstMinute ;iclcli-f:ion	to 	~ 	~
June newsletter - ple;ise te;ic!q5qpot 	h;~ 	~
- 	.LOSEA TI-!OVSANDBVCKSORSO!!! 	~~~~~
CHANGE IN FEEAND IN PARTICIPATION:	EXTRA.SAVINGS. 	NOW. if you hqve
tegisteteq ot teqq the mqtetiqlsent lqst month te. The Summit, you know thete qte two fee 	(r\
options: one fot people qttenqing AND pqtticipqting,incluqing competing in the "BestOf' 	Ii\.
ptesentqtions qnq competing fot lnfotmqtion Mqtketet of the Yeqt:q lesset fee fot those 	JI '
ONLYqttenqing but not competing. In the first50 ot so tegisttqnts, Billqnq I noticeq
people who we feel shoulq be ptesenting theit "Bestof s" qnq pqtticipqting,qnq we qgteeq
thqt we qte mote concetneq with the gteqtest possible quqlity, quqntity qnq qiversityof
shqting thqn with the fee qiffetentiql,so - for 	a VERY limited 	time 	- everyone
registering* 	at the 	lower 	rate 	WILL be 	eligible 	to 	comp 	e te 	and
present. 	(Those <=tlteqqy	tegisteteq ::ttthe highet t::ttewill be ch::ttgeqthe lowet t::tte.) A
GOLD-PLATEDOPPORTVNITYTOSAVEA BIGCHUNK OF DOUGH, BVTYOUGOTTA
ACT FAST.
~~
A REMINDERRE.EZ-PAY 	INSTALLMENTS-tegistet now qnq opt to pqy in equql 	er,f
monthly inst::tllments.now through Octobet. If tegisteting in June, thqt'II be 5 monthly 	~ 	):
inst::tllments.Fot q Golq Membet fot exqmple,just 	$359.40, 	fot Golq+,just 	~ ~
$259.40. 	If you ::tten'twillingto invest <lmeqslycouple hunqtec:\smqckersq month to be(/ 	~
pqtt of this, bettetgetyourself 	checkec:\out by Shtinks-R-Us. 	..-o 	V'
C
~g_
~ 	e__A "NO-PITCH 	ZONE" 	GUARANTEED.You know I'm q huge believet in using q 	t6 	~
seminqt qS ::tme::tnsof nnqing ::tnc!getting tools ::tnqtesoutces. Billhowevet. feels it's 	~.
impott::tntto <lSSUte	y'::tllth::ttthis Info-Summit will,on Novembet 4th and5th be a 'No Pitch a~Zone' --- me<=1ning,	no speqkersselling <lnything!100% of the time to cote, how-to 	t •
content, insiqet info,.<=lnq	exqminingall the "best of the best" stt::ttegiesanc:\eXc:1mples	in ::tt 	J.-.
least 9 categoties. (The 6th, thete will be a Technology Sessionanq severalspecial 	S?
ptesentations, which may incluqe tesoutces offetec:\.) 	l
FOR 'WANNABEES' 	NEWBEES 	OR ESTUTE 	INFORMATION
MARKETERS• 	UNPRECEDENTED 	OPPORTUNITY. 	Novembet 3rc1,thete's <l
pte-c!::ty,THE BLUEPRINT	SEMINAR,t;~kingyou insic:\ea complete, hugely successfulinfo-
businessftom its firststumbling, bumbling b<=tby	steps to ptesent clay;from A to Z. (This
session willalso be chatgeq out in equal monthly installments.)
Register with form on other side ;ind/or find ;ill the det;iils on d;inkennedy.com or call 410-951-0147.
0 	f1-; ;'
i 	~
.-t
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 29 of 32 --

~
Glazer-Kennedy 	Information 	Marketing 	Summit~~\
SPECIAL	NOTICE	D~to?,1,?!!!..~:!!m~t~~!!~~o~;?!~~m~,~!!,!~	rurefo.iy eh«k	~•II	mu 	0~that apply to you. You will receive a notificationupon receipt to confirm charges and hotel registration information. 	\ C-:,
THE SUMMIT: 	Nov. 4-6 (Choose One) 	--\ 	~
__ 	I want to PARTICIPATE 	and PRESENT and COMPETE for the coveted title of Glazer-Kennedy Information Marketer of the Year
during the 2½ Day SUMMIT. (You will receive a follow-up form to submit your topic(s) that you care to present.) Please check your
appropriate membership fee below.
__ 	Silver 	,,. 	-~~~I""'\ 	--~?~ 	__ 	GoldMPand/or 	__ 	Platinum 	I 	QI
~g°' 	'• 	..J--l,Oi '' 	7"7'iv~~1. 	~~q1. 	~ 	~\ .__ 	I :anR!- OB.SERVEthe entire }/2	Day SUMMITPleasecheck th\	~ropriate 	membership fee below)
__ 	Silver 	Gold 	Gold+ 	__ 	GoldNIP and/or 	Platinum
$2,597.00 	$1,797.00 	$1,297.00 	$997.00 	$797.00
THE BLUEPRINT SEMINAR: 	Nov. 3: You can attend this Event WithOUT Attending the S~m 	· 	· Yo~Des"re:
__ 	I want to attend the 1 Day Blueprint Seminar(Pleasecheck your appropriate membershipfee below)
Silver 	Gold 	Gold+ 	GoldMP and/or 	Platinum
--$895.00 	--$599.00 	~97.00 	--- 	397.00 	--FREE 	"'\>~~
___ 	I want to 'UPGRADE" My Membership to __ 	Gold or __ 	Gold+, in order to Take Advantage of the Higher Level
Membership Discounted Enrollment Fees. (Membership Details on Back of This Form) 	~
GOLD+ MEMBERS 	ONLY
__ 	I Will Be Attending the FREE Gold+ Dessert Reception and Networking Opportunity 	with Dan
and Bill Thursday Evening, November 4 th during the Summit.
__ 	I Will Be Attending the FREE Gold+ Hot Seat and Q&A Day With Dan and Bill Saturday,
November 6th•
Additional Registrant:
__ 	I Want to Register an Additional Key Person, Partner, or Spouse to Attend With Me for HALF PRICE:
Name: ------------ _Key 	Person 	_Partner 	__ 	Spouse
EZ PAYMENTINSTALLEMENT: Youwill automaticallybe~cd 	equalmonthlypaymen1s	fromthe monthyoungistcrthrough0cto11cr.
Name ______________ 	Business Name __________ 	_
Address ------------------------------
City _______ 	State __ 	Zip __ 	e-mail _________ 	_
Phone 	Fax
-------------- 	----------------
Credit Card: 	Visa 	MasterCard 	__ 	American Express
Credit Card Number _______________ 	Exp. Date ____ 	_
Signature ________________ 	Date-------,------
OPTION: In order to avoid interruption of service, please specify a 2 nd credit card that we may use.
Credit Card: 	Visa 	MasterCard 	__ 	American Express
Credit Card Number _______________ 	Exp. Date ____ 	_
Signature ________________ 	Date ______ 	_
Providingthis infonnation constitutes your pennission for Glazer-KennedyInner Circle LLC to contact you regardingrelated infonnation via mail, e-mail, fax, and phone.
Fax this to: 410-825-3301 for immediate registration
Or mail this form to: Glazer-Kennedy Inner Circle, 8600 LaSalle Rd, Chester Bldg, Suite 321, Towson, MD 21286
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 30 of 32 --

Public Domain Riches 100% No-Risk Action Form
0 Silver Package: "Yes Yanik-Thank 	you for finally swinging open the hidden doors to the public domain "vault". Now I
can stop struggling to come up with my own information products because I can simply tap into the repository of millions
and millions of pages of pubic domain material...just 	waiting for me to snap it up-for 	FREE! With your "Public Domain
Riches" program you'll hand me the key to the vault for only $97 (s/h $7 or $10 Int'!). Plus. the following free bonuses:
Bonus #1: Word-for-Word PDF transcript of the "Public Domain Riches" Tele-Class. (148 pages)
Bonus #2: "Public Domain Copyright Checklist" and "Cheat Sheet" - I can use this checklist to go through and identify
which works fall into public domain and also to document that I did my due diligence and save myself any potential legal hassles.
Bonus #3: "Public Domain Resource Rolodex" - Here are dozens of websites that already house public domain music, images,
video, writings and more. Plus, I'll get links to multiple government web sites with high-quality public domain information on them
that I can grab right away. (Thanks Uncle Sam!)
D Gold Package (Everything in the Silver package for free)
I'm absolutely serious about this and I'm eager and ready to build my own Internet empire with you as my guide in as little as
8-weeks using free public domain information! Please rush me your "8-week Public Domain Quantum Leap Home Study Course"
that covers your step-by-step instructions to finding, using, re-packaging and profiting from the public domain! I understand you'll be
walking me through each step from uncovering public domain material, analyzing markets, creating 'kick-butt' sales letters, profiting
from joint ventures, putting it all on autopilot and everything else I need to get going. I realize others have paid $1,995.00 for this same
confidential information but I can get it for a fraction of the price - only $697 (s/h $12 or $38.96 Int'!). Plus these bonuses:
Bonus #1: 39 full-length "watch-then-you-do-it" 	videos on CD-rom. Watch in real-time as Yanik does the exact same
thing you're doing. 	Literally this is the closet thing to watching over his shoulder and sitting at his computer.
Bonus#2: DVD of Never-Before Released 'Closed Door' Public Domain Presentation Where Attendees Paid Up to
$1,995.00 to Attend
Bonus #3: (ONLY FOR THE NEXT 50 PEOPLE) CD-rom with 50 Different Public Domain works! That means I can do
practically anything Twant with them. Sell them 'as is', package them up together, cut and use pieces of them, edit them,
use as articles, mix and match, etc (the only restriction I understand is that I cannot sell more than 10 of the works
together as a package). This bonus CD-rom is filled with all different kinds of subjects and niches but it's only for the
first 50 people so I'm signing up right now while you're still doing this!
There's absolutely no way I can lose because both packages are completely protected by your "100% Iron-Clad" guarantee. That means I
have 6 full months to check out everything, listen, read, watch, etc. And if for any reason I don't feel I'm on the fast track to building a
totally automatic web site that puts money in my pocket 24 hours a day - I can just send back all the material for a prompt and courteous
refund. No games. No tricks. I get every penny back. On that totally risk-free basis, here's my order:
Name: -------------------------------------
Address: ___________________________ 	_
City: 	State: 	Zip: ----------
Phone: ____________ 	Fax:
E-mail:
Please charge my credit card:
D VISA 	D Mastercard 	D American Express 	D Discover
Card# 	Exp Date __ 	I_ _
Signature
_ 	Full Payment - (free shipping)
_ 	3 Easy Payments Spread 30 Days Apart! (Only for credit card orders and only for Gold Option)
Fax Anytime To 301-770-1096 (anytime, 24 hours)
Or Call 301-770-0423 To Place Your Order
Or Mail To: Surefire Marketing, Inc. 10832 Brewer House Rd., N. Bethesda, MD 20852
Checks or monev orders can he made 	a able to Sure ire Marketin° Inc.
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 31 of 32 --

www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 32 of 32 --

