He's a very good negotiator. However, everything he got, however painful it was at the moment to give it to him, I considered to be the bargain of the century. So I'm sure to this day he thinks he got the better end of that deal. And to this day, I think I got the better end of that deal. So we're both very happy. It served both of our purposes very, very well at the moment. And it sort of loops back also to the 175K to go get your butt shot up into space. Is sometimes these things are money very well spent. And so think about if you're trying to leapfrog in an itch. If you're trying to leapfrog in a community, if you're trying to leapfrog in any constituency, who are the top five people that everybody in that constituency already knows, respects, admires, is fascinated with. And if you can't attach yourself to them any other way, buy them. Rent them. Come to some arrangement by which you can connect yourself to them even if only for a brief period of time for pay or trade. If there's five of them, odds are one of them will play. Now understand our arrangement was not known. I'm telling you something that is not known. It doesn't matter at this point, but it's almost as if both of us were dead from the standpoint of it mattering. It doesn't matter. But certainly nobody knew it. It was deceptive by omission, I guess. I mean, certainly, obviously, what the assumption was is that Nido was a client paying full boat for everything he was getting. And of course, we produced the most expensive stuff we could produce for him because we wanted everybody else to want to buy the most expensive stuff. So his audio cassette album covers had golden, bossed, full color. And you couldn't have made a more expensive cassette album because that's what now what I wanted you to want was I want to be just like Nido. Well, pony up. The assumption was, of course, that he was a full boat paying client when in reality he was not. The assumption was is that we were doing this seminar together, him promoting his stuff, me promoting my stuff. And there was no obvious disclosure that I was paying him and subsidizing all the expenses. Amlan and him keep all the money on everything he did. Certainly no disclosure of the strategy. So this arrangement was not known. And it could not be known. Nor can your arrangement be known in most cases. Now in some cases, it can even be known that you rented them. And it doesn't matter if it gets the right people to you and into the room. There's an article, I think it's on your next couple of pages of this guy selling questionable investments. This by the way, where's Rulac? Where are you? Yeah. This is the strategy I've been suggesting to you for like three years that you've ignored me about. So read the article. So this is a guy, I don't mean to say you're selling questionable, I didn't mean to do that. He's selling investment stuff that is not questionable. The guy in this article is selling questionable investment stuff. He went and rented himself Gorbachev. Bought a big check. Made sure he was seeing with Gorbachev. Got the country club where he wanted to be seen. Invited the people he wanted to a cocktail party with Gorbachev. Now he's got him. He's got his face time. He's got his opportunity. Couldn't get it otherwise. Rent a celebrity. Write a check. There are worse ideas, especially if you want to leapfrog. Let's talk between now and lunch about getting clients cold if you must. By cold I mean you have no place. You have no basis. So like we're a good place. Sometimes that's available to people, sometimes it isn't. You have no place. You have no entry level herd from which ascension comes. You actually want to go to the street and get consulting clients or coaching members from scratch.