UIBAs will like this. As a client of mine, a number of years ago, a speaker, consultant traveling 412 days a year, etc., says, I want to stay home. I want to work in my local market. And I want to live in a company like a consultant. So I want to have eight or ten clients, and I want to do a lot of shit with them, and I want to do deep and horizontal and do workshops. So it's got to be a significantly sized company. And I got to sell to the CEO, and I got to get into him. How do I get into him? And this is the guy that did leadership training stuff, which is not an easy thing actually to market anyway. So we made a hit list of the hundred CEOs in his market, which is Minneapolis, St. Paul. Hundred CEOs he wanted to get face time with, which his contention was, if I get an hour's worth of face time with him, I got him. So I said, okay, if that's true, right? Sometimes people tell you stuff that isn't true, and then you help them based on that, and the results aren't the same. So years ago, Roy Fad came to me, and he said when he was in the food delivery business, said if they try six of my meals, I got them. They all reorder. I said, well, in that case, I can solve your problem, but you better be right, because we'll just give everybody six free meals. We'll do free dinners. No problem, but you better be right. So this guy says if I get an hour of face time with him, I got him. I said, okay, the hour of face time I can solve for you. All we got to do is get you a real legitimate book deal to write a book on your leadership crap, and then we got to send a letter on the publishing company's letterhead from the editor of something or other, of Simon and Schuster Random House or whoever, to the 100 CEOs telling them that you're doing a book on leadership and are going to be interviewing 20 to 30 of the top CEOs in Minneapolis, and we've identified these 100, and we put all 100 names on the letter, and we're going to interview the first 20 to 30 who respond and include the information we get from them in this book. Boom. They're all on the phone, because they all want to be in a book. Now he's got his hour of face time. I got him what he wanted. In this case, it was, it was, what I said right down here, I went back and looked. It was 77 out of 100, picked up the phone, called him, said, please come see me. When can you come see me? Now, it wouldn't have to be a book. The book's really pretty good, and a real publisher is real good. But it could be a magazine. It could be a trade journal where you got a deal to go to an article for the trade journal and then work backwards using the trade journal identity. It could even be a fake thing, but it would be most effective if it was a real book. Joe, there were three trade journals in carpet cleaning and wanted cooperation from all of them, so got a monthly tape, which means you got media, so he interviewed the editors of all three of the trade journals. Now, as dumb as they may be, what we figured out is they can handle a short interview about industry trends. Every trade journal editor and probably every association executive can handle a short interview about industry trends. They may not know anything else, but they kind of can get through that. So you can use them, right? And so interviewed all of them. Now you got a relationship with them. Now you cultivate that relationship. Now you always got cooperation. Obviously, you could do the same shtick with CEOs of companies, owners of businesses in a given niche. So let's say you want to prospect dentists in Minneapolis. All we need is some kind of media in which the dentists who are interviewed or profiled are going to appear, or the composite of the information gathered from them is going to appear, and we represent ourselves to them as media, rather than as someone who wants to sell them something, we will get the dentists to participate. Now we just have to figure out how to make the bridge from where we started to where we want to be. To place yourself in the center strategy, we kind of talked about that, so for the sake of time I'm going to zoom past it and talk about the rent-a-person-of-influence strategy. This again is the attachment thing. I mean, you are who you are with.