Now like in NSA's case for example, NSA has a rule if you're a member you cannot use the directory essentially as a mailing list for commercial or promotional purposes. However they can't enforce that against a non-member and anybody can buy a directory for 35 bucks. So in a, you know, like the two years I wasn't a member, I actually had more freedom than when I was a member in order to market into the association. I just couldn't go be seen, you know, at the convention. However for example NSA also has a rule if you're a member you can't like come to the convention hotel and hang out without having registered for the convention. However as a non-member now they have no control over any of that. Well I never went to anything anyway. I hung out in the halls in the cocktail lounges. Well I can do that, you know, without a badge on. And I'm more interesting because now everybody's coming over going, what's going on with you at NSA? And you know, glad you're here, tell me the story. Well I really can't but you know, so you know it wasn't, it was what it was. I mean I would rather not have had it occur. But once it did then I made much, you know, of it. Okay, thanks. Okay, you and you got to be real quick. By the way are we doing lunch at noon? Okay, and are we doing the same routine? Same routine, okay. Okay, in my Toh-Boot position with the IBA program and the Millionaire Blueprints magazine I do have a lot of people coming out of the woodwork asking me for stuff. And in the chapter meetings I don't have a problem getting gurus who do technical things to come in and do workshops, etc. However I'm kind of leery about seekers coming about because they see the Kennedy list. The same answer as to her. But what my question is, what criteria are you guys using when you evaluate the speakers and interview stuff? I'm not going to do that here. However it's an IBA question. Howard or Bill would be happy to answer for you. I'm not going to be specific to us and or specific to IBAs. I'm not going to do our criteria publicly for a variety of reasons including the fact that it might unnecessarily offend people and there's no benefit to me in this case to do it. Got it. Okay. Page 62. This is a pretty cool strategy. It's called the industry survey strategy. Anybody can do it. So my example, again the NSA market where I spent a lot of time. There's another sort of rogue, half rogue, half parasite that's made her money off of NSA largely for many, many years. Her name's Dottie Walters. And Dottie's about the same age as Art Linklater I think and she'll outwork any of us in the room. She publishes a trade journal for the speaking industry that started out as a little newsletter and it's a big deal now and run some seminars and so forth. And so one of Dottie's strategies which she now is used repetitively is she did what a lot of associations do but prior to her doing it NSA hadn't done it so she leapfrogged over them. She did an industry survey and surveyed all the speakers. I have one year's copy of it here somewhere to show you. Here's 2002. Here's the speaking industry report. A report on professional speakers, speakers, bureaus and meeting planners. Where we are, where we were, where we're going with a special emphasis on the effective 9-11, 2001, what topics are hot, etc., etc., etc. They're all fancy bar graphs and diagrams. So all she did is survey all the speakers. Her market had them all take surveys, compile all the information and now everybody wants to know what the results of the survey was that they participated in. It gets 100% nearly of the market into a dialogue with her and actually put her above the governing association body dealing with that market. In fact, they wound up quoting her survey in their publications. So that's a pretty cool strategy. You want to get to the top 50 CEOs of a given industry, do a survey of the top 50 CEOs of a given industry. The vast majority of them are going to participate. Sort of a similar strategy is the interview strategy.