You know the most common remark of somebody when they finally attended something bought something called me up to your client is It seems like I'm getting a piece of mail from you know I've been getting your mail for like five years, and it's like you're there every day That read most of it, but Jesus, you know how can you and the question is always? How can you make any money sending all that mail to everybody? Well, you just give me $15,000. I mean that pays for a lot of stamps You know they don't connect the dots, you know So one thing to do if you must go cold is fine Another thing is if you got a short hit list and you are a face-to-face person and you want to get face-to-face Then it's all about being Relentless It's a great story. I can't remember what's hey Sydney. What's what's the name of the guy that owns a recording studio in New York where we were? Yeah, Garin yeah, so she and I are recording her for the sales training program at the studio in New York and I've now like we supervised her for a while and then She's off running and so and and doing a monologue part. I'm not interviewing her. She's fine by herself. So Stephen. I are We're ignoring her and Talking about other stuff, right? Well, this guy's got a really varied background very interested guy And so he's talking he used to be The regional rep for this pizza oven company, which there's a reason why we were having a pizza conversation That's not relevant to you but so used to be a regional rep for this pizza oven company that makes a conveyor kind of pizza oven instead of a and he had to get it into places in New York and New York being like the United States capital of pizza and nobody thought anybody would buy pizza made on one of these conveyor ovens because it's And then so there's a guy in New York that owns like all keys like franchise King He any kind of franchise he owns that he owns all the TG up Fridays. He owns all the Ben and Jerry's He knows owns everything in New York And he was he had just bought the master franchise for Godfather pizza so Steve wants to get in and Sell them these conveyor ovens and of course the guy don't want to meet with him So Steve's telling me the story. He says so every day Now this by the way understand this ain't a Kennedy guy, so this didn't come from me He figured us out. He said every day every day. I send him another one of my business cards Stapled to another letter Staple to the pizza brochure And now I forget the number, but he told me it was like 93 days or 112 days or whatever it was And finally the phone rings he picks up the phone and it's the guy and he says How the f do I get you to stop sending me? All these damn business cards, you know, I got more of your business cards than you got Steve says no, you don't I get a printed 10,000 at a time. There's more common, you know Guy says how do I stop this meeting? Then we'll stop gets the meeting Now hardly anybody is that relentless You know, they're just now There's a great story in Donnie Deutsch's book about them pursuing I forget which car company that they wanted as an advertiser client And every day to this to the CEO's home. He had delivered a car part Attached to the sales letter So this day offender arrives tomorrow bumper arrives the next day the hood arrives the next day you know part of the engine arrives and Although he didn't tell the story exactly this way. I imagine that the CEO is they can I got to stop this You know because it's a pain in the ass to throw out all these car parts. You know, I Mean and he gets his appointment So you you got to be relentless if there's somebody you really want to get to You got to be relentless The third thing to know is when you are selling cold It is even more important not to sell But you really can't be doing a lot of takeaway early because you worked so hard to get in So you can't switch that on a dime, right? But what you can do is be really really really Really diagnostic The way not to be salesy is to ask a lot of questions and get people to tell you things Now what you should know is Is that people are dying Dying to tell their story and tell their problems and to confide in somebody who expresses genuine interest in hearing it and the higher up the ladder they are by the way The less likely they are to have anybody that they do that to