And to use our friend Harvey Brody's language, we have a toll position. And you have a toll position. And you spend a lot of money to create it. You built an expensive toll booth. And you spend a lot of money to maintain that toll booth. So you got a right to collect tolls. And it's not like you don't, and of course you don't put somebody there just because of the monetary benefit. It's actually the last consideration, not the first consideration, right? Because you don't put somebody there who's selling stuff you don't really like or whatever. But if they fit all the rest of the criteria, absolutely you ought to get paid. Or there ought to be reciprocity. Some compensation to you for letting them walk through your toll booth, have your endorsement and be presented to your people. Having said all of that, were I you, I would most of the time rather not be presenting a Ben Glass or a Bill Hammond or I would rather be presenting a generalist or a linked but not directly linked topic. If I were you, I'd rather be doing Dave D. and the psychic salesperson than I would Ben Glass. But several times a year, at least in a niche, it's really useful to give them another niche guy. And the last thing I will say about this, and this is kind of, this is pretty important. When we talked about money last night, you know, people have this finite, infinite kind of continuum that they're on. And so at one end of the spectrum, I always use Ron LeGrand as an example, okay? Ron believes profoundly that there is no limit to the amount of money his customers will spend in a day, month, calendar year, lifetime. So the fact that 500 people come and take money from him today is irrelevant to him in thinking that now I won't be able to get money. So his attitude is have at it. They at the other end of the extreme are people who like worry about it obsessively. And they devoutly believe if I let you get a dollar from Tucker, that's a dollar I won't be able to get from Tucker because Tucker's only go spend so many dollars this month. And if we have a relationship and we're sharing revenue, I'm getting 50 cents on a dollar you got from Tucker. I could have got a dollar on a dollar if you weren't there, so I'm better on that. But everybody is somewhere on that continuum. Without telling you where you ought to be, the reality is once you awaken someone to interest in a category, whether that's better health, whether it's weight loss, whether it's getting rich in real estate, whether it's marketing their business better, whatever it is, you can't fence them into just you. You automatically create a customer for a lot of other people. The average business book buyer, it's why it's a good idea to do business, but the average business book buyer who goes to a bar in the noble store buys five books at a time. They all tend to be about the same thing. So when somebody goes, they're into real estate, they don't just buy it, find the best one and go home, they buy five. So at Ronald Graham's audience, I did this all the time and I spoke at his info seminar and said, okay, Ron's going to close his eyes so you can all tell the truth. We know Ron's not shy and he shows up a lot asking for money. He takes a lot of money from you, so it's not like he's been laying down on a job here. But how many of you own a Carlton Sheets product? Well, all the hands go up. How many of you own a Russ Whitney product? All the hands go up. How many of you own this guy? All the hands go up. So once they're turned on, switched on, clicked on, they're, no matter how much you sell to them, no matter how often you show up, they're running around. I mean, I know of four people in my coaching groups, when I had three VIP groups who that year paid $15,000 to go to a J. Abraham seminar. Now what in the hell, I don't mean to disrespect the J, but what in the hell do they need to be doing, go into a J. Abraham seminar? I mean, how much more marketing stuff do you need? You're in a two-day meeting with me three times a year. You're at a super conference. You're at an information marketing summit. You're getting a Gold Plus tape every month. You're getting the newsletter every month that you're winding and moaning you don't have time to read, and you're running off giving J. Abraham $15,000. Well, on one level, it like passes me off. But on the other level, it's amazing there weren't more of them. And so you can't stop it. So each decision is, if they're going to go off and do it anyway, and the person fits my criteria, then I might as well be in a cooperating relationship rather than a competitive relationship, and I might as well either get a piece of it, or I might as well have some kind of reciprocal sharing of customers and leads. So that's kind of how I try and approach it.