And you are going to have a mess, and you are going to have a mess to clean up. We are very careful, and we still, from time to time, misjudge one. But you got to be as careful as you can be. So that means you don't put anybody on unless you have some real awareness of what their business model is, and what happens to your customer when your customer becomes their customer, right? You can impose, obviously, front end restrictions on what they offer and what they don't offer, but you can't obviously control what happens down the road. And sometimes you should impose front end restrictions. So for example, let's say you are in the coaching business, and you are going to put Hanson on. Well, he's got coaching programs, but they are deep in his system. So your restriction, of course, would be, certainly he can't say the word coach while he's on the call. He can promote books, and he can promote a website. Now, you know only a certain number of your people are ever even going to bother and go and get a book. And then only a certain number of those people are going to take a next step. And ultimately, a tiny number of your people are ever going to even get a coaching pitch. Okay? No harm done, right? Or little harm done. Now, somebody I won't name, but of similar status, who also has a coaching program, but then converts the people in the coaching program to buyers of various investments in financial services and financial products, some of which are questionable. And at least once a year, he's being investigated by somebody. Say even if you front end restrict that, you can't let him anywhere near your people. So you got to kind of make a criteria in your head. Like we have a criteria for who can speak at an event. It's more stringent than who will put on a call. But so we have a criteria that they got to meet. And if they can't meet those things, we can't let them in. The specific question was how concerned do you have to be if they're doing something pretty comparable? So you want to give me an exact example? Okay. Fine. I think that when you do have a comparability situation like that, or where there's, which is not often, but where there's real likelihood of trade of dollars, meaning somebody might spend a buck with them that now gets in the way of spending a buck with you, then it has There has to be benefit to you beyond just filling a time slot with good content. So there either has to be reciprocity, meaning you're going to get in his list, he's going to get in your list. There's some reason it's somewhat of an equal trade or can be made to be an equal trade, and you're going to get paid on what he does with a customer when he gets it. So now at least there's direct financial compensation coming into you. And is that normal on the calls? I know in an event it is, but on those monthly calls is a split normal? Well, it's not as normal. I'll tell you, for example, in many cases, first of all, if it's a small potato's thing, so like it's a book author, and really they ain't doing nothing but their books and maybe getting a speaking gig or something. So think Carol Frank who spoke at Renegade Millionaire Retreat, and I did a call with, while Carol's got, you know, she's NSA culture from beginning to end, so she's got two little cassette programs that she sells for nothing and a book. And if she gets a speaking gig, she's thrilled to take her feed, go speak, and she thinks that's wonderful. I don't want any money from her. So I'm happy to have her on a call. I'm happy to let her make her money. And not really worry about it. Now Harvey Zammel, who's going to sell an Ascension Series of Exit Strategies Management Services from fairly expensive product to fairly expensive coaching program to, you give me $200,000, I move in with you for a year and get your business packaged up so that you could sell it for four times what you thought you could sell it for before. We put him on a gold call. We're going to have a financial arrangement.