And so if Charlie is with, in his coaching program, if Charlie is with Lee and Lee is with these 10 name people and Lee is with me, Charlie is with all of them. You are who you're with. So in NSA, in 1979, I wind up, mostly you know the story so I'm going to just do it as background very quickly, I wind up taking over this miserable, stinking, cash hemorrhaging, failing, custom manufacturing slash audio publishing company that was producing audio cassette programs for roughly 50% of the speakers in the country, managing to lose a fortune doing it. And teetering on the brink of bankruptcy. And for a year or so of course because of its financial problems, it had lots and lots and lots of other problems. Quality control problems, delivery on time problems, etc., etc. So its reputation had to be saved or there would be no business. At the time I took it over, I was already rather controversial in NSA because I had managed to, I was, you know, I was a lot younger so I managed to sort of intentionally piss everybody off even without purpose whereas now I like to do it strategically. You're out of the room but just in case you're keeping count, I just gave you another little plug so you're welcome. Just remember me and your will. No, no, you remember me and your will. Yeah, yeah. I got a list of people I'm planning on out living. So it had a problem. I had a problem, right? So what do I do to give it sort of a status boost in this marketplace? Well, I go find one of the people who has the greatest status in its marketplace who I can rent. Not everybody is rentable but a lot of people are rentable. So Nito, who is speaking at our super conference, was at the time one of the big names in the NSA community. He had been president of the association, arguably one of the most successful members of the association. Everybody knew who he was. Everybody lost it after his advice. He would draw the biggest crowd around him asking questions at an association meeting. And best of all, Nito is a business guy. And he was selling things to the NSA market at the time as well. A book ghost writing service and consulting and so forth. So I rented him. We arrived at an arrangement whereby we produced a ton of product for him at cost. And we paid him a fee and we did a seminar tour around the country, free seminars just for NSA members with he and I talking about the speaking business. And of course made a big deal out of General Cassette produces all of Nito's product including all this Nucre stuff that we're showing you at the seminar. And so for a year, I owned him in the NSA market. And that changed like everything. Because, well, if he's there and we want to be like him, we must be wrong about that. So we'll go over there too. Plus, we want something from him and if he's there, maybe be in there, we'll encourage him to be nice to us too. So he was a client magnet. Now this was a win-win deal. Some looking at it from the outside would say that he took undue advantage of our very weak position. And we'll see him at the moment.