The great Jack Sales story was this. I'll tell the first person as if I was Jack. I'm in town doing a seminar for the name of grocery store chain, a well-known chain all across the country. Afterwards, the owner takes me to his home for drinks and dinner. A beautiful home on a hill in a gated community. A very expensive home. We're standing having drinks looking out the bay window of the living room of his house, and he says, see that house diagonally across the street way up on the hill? Yeah. As you can see, it's about twice the size of mine. Yep. It's got an indoor pool. I don't have an indoor pool. It's got an indoor basketball court. I don't have an indoor basketball court. Who do you think owns that house? No idea. The Pepsi driver who delivers to my stores. That's the only store you got to tell. Every grocery store owner is like that, sons of bitches. I'll pay anything. I got to have you, I got to stop them, sons of bitches, from stealing from me. There's an up against the Walmart guy doing very, very well. Not doing as well as he could be doing, by the way, but doing very, very well. By position, there's the guy who helps the small retailer come up against Walmart and succeed in prosper. So a strategy is opposition. In chiropractic, I have two clients, Paul, who's here in a business relationship with Ben Altadana, and I've had Ben as a client for many years. And Ben sort of sells traditional practice-building kind of information to chiropractors. More recently, I have a client, Dr. Chris Tomshack, who's franchising in chiropractic. And the franchise is, of course, the perfect antidote to everything Ben sells. And everybody else in chiropractic sells, because by the franchise, you never have to go to a seminar again as long as you live. We do everything for you. You never have to buy any books and tapes again as long as you live. You never need another marketing system. This is it. Well, so I got both of them. And I probably went overboard a little bit with the first Tomshack ad. Without naming Ben, of course, but in making the thing in opposition to everything else they were doing. So you know, you trek off to seminar after seminar after seminar. You come home with shrink wrap boxes of crap. You never use them. You've got a room full of marketing systems. You're not... This is the answer to all that. It kind of ticked off Ben. And because, like, you can sort of recognize my copy. And with 2020 hindsight, he had the right to be a little ticked off. I mean, not a lot, but a little. It turns out, however, of course, that not only do both stories work fine and both continue to prosper in their relatively small niche by selling against each other, but even while selling against each other, one is able to sell the other one's thing to his clients. Even in congruity doesn't matter. So part of the solution of all this was to sell Tomshack's franchise to Ben's clients. So if you really want to say an adote, I'm better off selling it to you than letting him sell it to you without me. Both are in opposition sale to the other. In real estate, for a long time I did work with Craig Ford and Craig Proctor and sold against each other. Proctor based upon I'm a guy who's still doing it and nobody else is doing it. Ford, I'm a guy who's never done it and you don't want a guy who's doing it. Doesn't make any difference. The opposition strategy works just pick something to be in opposition to. We'll go to 62 some advanced strategies, but you have a question. I have two questions. Are they quick? No, not really. Don't tell too much truth. You should have said yes. The first one is about the promotion of other people to my list. I'm doing a monthly call. I have to interview a guest. How much do I need to be worried about interviewing people who are doing very closely related to what I'm doing? Well, you need to be worried about other things, even more than that. Fundamentally, remember part of the business we're in is the reputation business. So you need to be worried about anything that can be potentially harmful to your reputation. And so you don't just have to worry about what the person does while they're a guest on the call. You have to worry about what they do with the customers that now go to them next and next and next and almost forever. And you have to be very thoughtful about that. And by the way, the longer you're at it, the bigger a challenge this is. Because there's a lot of people who you would like to put on a call or you would like to put on a stage. But there's one thing wrong with them that now makes it impossible to use them. If you are careful about protecting your reputation. Now, no matter how careful you are, the other thing I will tell you is every once in a while over time, some's going to slip through.