So this right here is what we'll be covering today. Basically, this is. These are the three things that you need to build a culture. And this was kind of a fun thing. So when I was. I've written the Expert Secrets book three times before we finished it and finally went to print. And a year and a half, it's been a nightmare. But I think it turned out good, hopefully. But when I was in Kenya with my wife and we were at World Teacher Aid and we were in these little tiny van things sitting on this road, and they're all dirt roads. We're bumping like crazy as we're going through this thing. And it's hard to hear anyone to talk. My wife passed out and everyone else is bumping in. Finally, I was like, I can't communicate with anybody because it's so long. We had like a four hour drive in this thing. So I got out a couple books I brought with me. One was True Believer by Eric Hoffer, which is like how to build a mass movement. And then there was the three or four other ones. I'm going through these books and I'm reading them and I start looking at patterns. I don't know. Like, for me, I think one thing I'm really good at is I look at a bunch of stuff and I see these weird patterns. Like, whoa, do you guys see that pattern Like, that's awesome. And as soon as you see the pattern, then you can model it and you can use it again. Right So I'm reading all these books, and the books were good, but they're kind of all over the place. And as I'm doing that, I'm like, I'm taking numbers next to different things. And I realized that, like, there were three in every mass movement they talked about in all these books. There were three things that all, all of those had. And it didn't matter if you were looking at which end of the spectrum. If you looked at the worst of the worst, you look at someone like Hitler, he had these three things, and you look at the best of the best. Someone like Christ, he had these three things and everyone in between. And it was so interesting looking how the patterns were the. Were the same. And every mass movement in the since the history of beginning of time and will continue to go forth, have all these three things. Okay Number one is a charismatic leader. Number two is the cause of something that's happening in the future. And number three is a new opportunity. And so we're going deep into all three of these because this is the foundation of it. When you have these three things, you can create a mass movement. When you don't have them, you can sell some products. You're the onesy twosy, and you'll have some stuff. But if you want to get people to follow you and have lasting change, all these kind of things, these are the three pieces. And it's been interesting as I've become aware of these things now. Then it's again, as soon as you become aware of a model or a pattern, then you can go and you can tweak things based on that. Right So since then, which has been now, probably seven or eight months ago, since we were there, we started looking at all these things and like, how can we. Let's try this. Let's try this. And like, some things worked really good, some things didn't work. We kept doing things on all three of these different things, and those changes have been insane. In fact, those who listen to the podcast, like, December alone, we did. Like, last year was a good year. We did eight figures, but we did. In December alone of this year, we did half of what we did all of last year. Which is. It doesn't make any logical sense, but it's all these things, like, layering on top of each other throughout the whole year. And then it's like just things keep growing and growing and growing. And so we're gonna go deep into all of these and we're gonna be workshopping things. But it's kind of the model and the pattern that if we understand it, then we can replicate it, and then it's the foundation for all the other stuff that we're trying to do. Okay, next slide. All right, so as I was thinking through this whole thing, I read an article. I've read this a couple times. Anyone here read the article A Thousand True Fans Okay, so this is by Kevin Kelly, and the article's awesome. Tim Ferriss talked about it in his most recent book as well. It was just an article or like a blog post or something he wrote called A Thousand True Fans. And this was kind of the key piece in there. He said that a creator, such as an artist, musician, photographer, craftsperson, performer, animator, designer, video maker, author, in other words, anyone producing works of art, which is what we're all doing, okay It's a work of art, needs to acquire only 1000 true fans to make a living. A true fan is defined as someone who will purchase anything and everything you produce. They will drive 200 miles to see you sing. They will buy your super deluxe reissued high res box set of your stuff. Even though they have the low res version. They have a Google alert set up for your name. They bookmark the ebay pages where you opt out of print editions show up. They come to your openings, they have your signed copies, they buy your T shirts, the mug, the hat. They can't wait till next till you issue your next work. They are your true fans. And so that's what we're talking about. Like how do we build thousand true fans And if you can do that, that's when this whole game becomes insanely easy. They'll buy from you over and over and over again. And that's when all these fun things happen. And as you start growing that. So for me, this has been our focus. Thousand true fans. Thousand true fans. One thing we're doing right now is we're releasing a lot of little free plus shipping offers just to get our customers and our fans buying consistently from us. There's something about repetition. And I want people to buy from us hopefully every day, but at least every week or two. And as we're doing that, we're watching, we put it out there. And as we're watching how many people are buying. And pretty consistently, just from the initial push, we're getting two or three thousand people to buy every single thing. We put just like, hey, this is live. Go buy it. And then they go buy it. And I'm like, cool. It's kind of a gauge where we can see who are our true fans. Who's going to buy my stupid ink marketing in your car mp3 player Even though they can get every single episode for free on itunes, they're all free. But who's gonna buy it Who are my true fans We find out, boom, there's the people. And they keep buying over and over and over again. It's like if you can create things that get people that way, that's the goal. Cause you have that, like the article said, you're set for life. That's when you can say you're free or whatever you want to call it financially free.