Welcome to module number one. Are you guys ready to get started on this? Like, I hope you're half as excited as I am to be sharing this stuff with you. So module number one, we're gonna be reading out of the Expert Secrets book. This is really kind of the foundation that I think you need to understand. Like, this is the chapter I wish would have been at the beginning of the Dotcom Secrets book when we first launched it, but it wasn't. So it became the beginning of this. And for the Secrets masterclass, I want to lead with this because it's so important. So if you open up your book, we're gonna be reading section which section one is called Creating youg Mass Movement. Inside that there's four chapters, and I call my chapter Secrets. There's four secrets. Secret number one is the charismatic leader or attractive character. Secret number two is the cause. Secret number three is new opportunity. And secret number four is the opportunity switch. So that is your reading assignments for this module. But we're going really deep into it now as I was writing this book and I'll kind of tell you a story and I'm going to show you as a video afterwards. But I had been writing it for probably seven or eight months and. And it was turning out good. I had about. It was like 240 pages I had written. I was sitting there one night and I was looking at it. I was like, God, like, there's something. This book is good, but it's like, it's not what I want. It wasn't great. And so some of you guys may have seen the Snapchat. I highlighted the entire 250 pages on Snapchat Live and I deleted it. And it was gone. And I was like, I'm starting over from scratch. Like, this book wasn't like, for me. I was like, I wanted to show people how to. Like, it's not just like how to build a list or things like that, like how to build a movement. How do you get people engaged? How do you gather them and then get them to believe things that are gonna change their life? Like, how do you do that? And so after that, I started thinking, like, where in time in history has this happened the best? And I started looking at a whole bunch of books that showed, like, how to start cults. And for me, it was really exciting. And I was reading from both standpoints, from some that are like, from cults that were really, really traditionally bad, but cults that are really, really good. There's good cults and there's Bad cults, right? Depending how you kind of look at it. And what's interesting is there's all sorts of commonalities. In fact, I remember I was in Kenya in this little like van that was jumping around like crazy, going on these dirt roads and my wife had just fallen asleep. I had these books and I had like three or four of them. Reading one and I'm highlighting, I'm reading the other one. I'm kind of going back and forth and I should show you some of the scribbles on the page. Cause I'm bouncing on the road as I'm highlighting stuff in these books. And as I'm going through all these different books and telling stories about all these different mass movements that have been happening, all these things I like there's this like, all of them have these similar commonalities. And as I started doing more and more of them, I was looking at all of them from like four or five different books. And all of a sudden I was like, there's three, there's three things that every one of these mass movements have. And as I, as I did that, I pulled out a piece of paper and I drew a little triangle. And you'll see that what that picture was here inside of, inside the book on Section 1, Creating youg Mass Movement. But there's the picture of the Charismatic Leader, the cause, the future based cause and the new opportunities, Chapter one, chapter two, chapter three in the book. And as soon as we start identifying the pattern, then it became fun because there's the pattern. So now that I understand that pattern, how do we manipulate, how do we tweak it? What can we do inside of our businesses to make those things work better? And from that is what has taken clickfunnels and blown it up. From that, it's taken so many of our inner circle members, Brandon and Kaitlyn, when they understood these processes. That's how they went from like $80,000 a month to a million dollars a month. Was going deep into this and really mastering and understanding it. So I'm excited to kind of share these things with you now as you read in the book, you understand, in fact, I think the book does the best explanation of like kind of explaining this whole thing. And again, it's true in like religious movements, it's true in like political movements. It's true in the movement for your cause, your business, your thing that you're trying to sell as well. The concepts are the same. So what I'm doing right now is at the last funnel hacking live event it was right when I was just finishing this book and I had a chance to get on stage and actually taught this on stage the first time ever. And it was so exciting and so fun. And so what to do is I actually want to show you guys that video. The presentation's a little over an hour long, but it's going to walk through those three things and really give you guys the foundation of how to build a mass movement. So I want you to watch that, read the chapters in this book and then you're going to dive into all the individual training videos to give you the things you need to create all the different pieces so that you can build your own mass movement as well. So that's kind of the game plan. So what we're going to do is we're going to start the video right now and I hope you enjoy it and let's dive in the module and get started.