Welcome to this cassette series on direct marketing. I am a strong enthusiastic advocate of direct marketing. For most businesses, small or large, direct marketing consistently delivers the best results for dollars spent. We need to begin with an understanding of direct marketing versus other types of advertising, promotion, and marketing. Let's talk first a little bit about the others. There is institutional advertising. This type of advertising is often intentionally used by big corporations and blindly copied by smaller ones. It essentially says to consumers and or to stockholders, here we are, here's who we are, here's what we do, and we're nice guys. But it never asks anybody to buy anything or to take any action. It's image building. Some examples you're probably familiar with include the Goodyear blimp flying over football games. The Unisys, Hewlett Packard, and Rockwell TV commercials seen during the Sunday morning news programs and during some sports telecasts. Most bank advertising. Time magazine, signs, and airports. This is all pure institutional advertising. Advertising agencies, consultants, and the media love to sell you this type of advertising because there is no possible way to measure its effectiveness. Is it working? Is it paying for itself? Who knows? The next slightly more sensible approach is what I call non-measurable response advertising. This type of advertising is trying to sell something but is still basically unaccountable for its results. TV commercials for a particular brand of car fall into this category. The intent of those commercials is to get you interested enough in that car to go to the showroom. But there's really no way to tell how many people who came to the showrooms this week were influenced by those commercials. Would they have come anyway as a result of the dealer's own newspaper ads? Who knows? Many smaller businesses get trapped using this type of advertising. Appliance, record clothing, department stores all run sale ads. Here's what's on sale, come on in. But they have no means of determining how many people came because of the ads versus how many might have come anyway. Or how many came from an ad in one media versus the same ad in another. They can guess, they can take this weekend's higher traffic, last weekend's traffic, and attribute the difference to the ads. But it gets worse. They advertise the sale via the newspaper, two radio stations and flyers. How do you tell what works and what doesn't? Again, ad agencies and the media like to sell this type of advertising because it's difficult for the advertiser to measure the results. Another type of marketing is public relations and publicity. There are firms who you can retain to prepare news releases and articles about your products or services and your company and work at getting them placed in various media. These firms may also arrange interviews and talk show appearances. Although you can measure them by how much actual exposure they get for you, it's generally difficult to then measure how much business came from the exposure. Also in this category is the sponsorship of everything from a Little League team to an Indie 500 race car or a golf tournament. All three of these types of marketing probably have some place in a business's total marketing plan. It is my firm belief, however, that these methods are grossly and deliberately oversold to clients by media and professionals because of their resistance to results measurement. It is also my opinion that most businesses, the owners of small businesses and the executives of large companies, stupidly waste outrageous sums of money on these non-measurable marketing options. I would much rather see money spent where the results can be definitively and accurately measured so the changes can be made to develop successful response levels for every dollar spent. To do that, you use direct marketing. Included in direct marketing, number one, media advertising that asks for a direct response. The ad is a coupon to be cut out and sent in or brought in, a phone number to call with a code somehow attached to identify the source of the call or an order blank to use in making a purchase. Direct response advertising is 99% measurable. I'll explain the 1% added benefit factor later. Number two, direct mail that asks for a direct response. Coupons sent through the mail to be redeemed at stores or dealers or by mail. A letter announcing a sale with an invitation that must be used for admission to the store after hours. A letter with a card enclosed good for a two for one dinner special at a local restaurant. A mail piece that asks the recipient to call to request a certain free booklet. Number three, radio or TV commercials that ask for a direct response that ask the customer to call in or write in or come in and mention the station's call letters in order to get a discount or free gift. Any advertising media can be converted to direct response type advertising and can be results measured. Number four, telemarketing that asks for a direct response such as an appointment for a salesperson, an actual purchase right there on the phone, or inviting the person to come into the place of business either by appointment or with a certain assigned code entitling the customer to discounts or gifts. Number five, personal selling. I'll tell you about one of the greatest direct marketing strategies for a small business that I've seen lately. My home doorbell rang, I answered the door, there was a young guy in a clean neatly pressed Union 76 gas station uniform. He handed me a vinyl wallet with a cardboard insert filled with little coupons, one for free front end alignment, one for free lube and oil with filter purchase, a free battery recharge, $30 in gas discounts and so on. He quickly delivered a pitch, ultimately offering me the $240 coupon book for $25. I bought instantly partly because it was a great deal and partly because I appreciated the technique in the initiative. I asked around during the next few days and found that my brother, another person in my office and a neighbor had all bought two. I suspect that the salesperson keeps most, maybe even all of the money. The gas station acquires the new customers. It is a brilliant direct marketing idea that many different businesses could use. Of all these direct marketing methods, I'm most partial to direct mail. I like direct mail for many different reasons including, number one, there's lots of options regarding format and cost. Number two, you get things directly into the hands of the prospect. Number three, at least for a brief moment, you have the person's undivided attention. Number four, it is completely results measurable. Number five, it can be combined with other marketing methods. Number six, you can learn to do your own copy and graphic work. There are several different ways you can use direct mail too, including acquiring or attracting new customers as a pre-approach prior to a telephone or personal call and to communicate with existing customers. I suggest you immediately begin opening and reading all of your so-called junk mail and building files for each of the categories of uses I've mentioned. Keep the pieces that strike you as interesting and effective. I love junk mail. Thousands of companies spending millions of dollars to educate me about savvy marketing techniques that I can adapt to my businesses. The big companies that do a lot of direct mail marketing are very sophisticated in their methods. They employ the very best writers and consultants, people who often command anywhere from $5,000 to $50,000 just to write a sales letter. These guys are sharp. You can learn from their work. Companies are also used to monitor response differences traced to all sorts of variables. These companies test, test, test and test some more. So your junk mail is bringing you the end results of collaboration between the brightest direct marketing minds and the costliest marketing research in the country. How dare you throw it in a waste basket? I can promise you this. It doesn't matter whether you are a salesperson, a small business owner, or a corporate executive. It doesn't matter whether you sell to businesses or consumers. If you'll thoroughly study and consider the information and ideas presented in this program and take appropriate follow-up actions to switch the emphasis of your marketing into methods that bring direct response and all results measurable, you will improve the profit of your business. And I want you to remember this. Any media salesperson, any ad agency person, any consultant, anyone in your own firm who is anti-direct response does not have your best interests at heart. The person who opposes having the results measured accurately already knows that the results are inadequate. I come from the advertising business, by the way, and once owned a small ad agency. Our clients include in many small companies as well as big firms like Goodyear Aerospace and Monsanto. I've also worked with other ad agencies as a freelance copywriter, consultant, a trainer of account executives on presentation skills. Frankly, the business is very much a smokescreen and sleight of hand business. You'll be presented with demographic statistics from a given media that are just great. Unfortunately, the listeners or readers all ride when they respond to the survey in order to look good and feel good. They inflated their incomes, for example. Print media loves to snow you with its pass-along figures. They'll talk 100,000 readership with 20,000 subscribers. When you have to write out the payroll checks, pay the other bills, pay for all the advertising, pay the taxes, and then see what might be left for you, you cannot deposit pass-along statistics or image in the bank account. You can only deposit dollars which come from real results. Think, talk, and invest in measurable results. There is, by the way, a 1% added benefit factor inherent in direct marketing. Customers who do not respond to a given mailing or other direct marketing effort still were positively exposed to your company. There is a cumulative effect of such exposure. It creates additional customers over a long period of time. And you will benefit from this. However, I'm opposed to counting it to attributing cash value to it to offset marketing costs. Your marketing should pay its way with current, measurable results. I will cheerfully tell you that I am not very well-liked by certain folks in the ad agency media and consulting businesses for my strong criticism of non-measurable marketing. However, I insist that any business not devoting at least 50% of its total advertising, marketing, promotion budget to direct marketing is mismanaged. I would never buy stock in a company not putting over 50% of its marketing money into direct marketing. I encourage you to be very tough-minded in your marketing investments. Ask the tough questions, like how will we know how many dollars were derived from this media or method? If there is no good answer, there is only one good decision. Quack, list all the assets of your business in their order of cash value. Your buildings, your equipment, your inventory, your account receivables, your patents and trademarks, which are more valuable than the others. Stop the tape, take a pen and pad, and make the list. If you are like most business people, you left the number one most valuable asset off the list, your customers. The only industry that properly values its customers is the mail order industry. That's probably why the reputable mail order firms take much better care of their customers than most other types of businesses because they appreciate the full cost of acquiring a customer. And they actually do carry them as assets in their financial records, so lost customers diminish their balance sheet as well as their income statement as it should be. You can take away my corporation's equipment, even my personnel, but leave me my customers and I'll have it all back in six months. It costs a tremendous amount of money to get a customer or a client. Most businesses actually lose money on their first sale or sales to a customer if you cross the full customer acquisition cost against the profit on the first transaction. Your business has an investment in each customer. The key to keeping customers long enough to derive maximum return on investment is a marketing concept called the top of the consciousness principle. Using it to your advantage relies heavily on direct marketing. First let me tell you about a thing called marketing noise. That's a catch all term representative of the tremendous amount of marketing going on all around us. Billboards, car and truck signs, bus bench signs, displays and signage and stores, flyer stuffed in bags, flyers under windshield wipers, direct mail, brochures packed in with purchases, brochures in with credit card and utility bill statements, radio commercials, TV commercials reduced from 60 to 30 seconds, telemarketing, personal selling, cable TV shows that are really commercials, ads in magazines and newspapers. The average adult consumer is presented with more opportunities to spend money today in one eight hour period than he was in 30, 24 hour periods just a decade ago. There is a mammoth amount of marketing noise bombarding the consumer, vying for his discretionary income and his credit. In business to business marketing the same basic situation exists. Although there is less cold car selling going on today than at any time I can recall, there is much more business to business marketing taking place. The card deck and media has been invented in the last decade. The number of business magazines, newspapers and trade journals carrying advertising to the executive and business owner has more than tripled in the past five years. Trade show attendances at an all time high. Audio and video tapes, computer discs and other electronic media are being used as brochures as well as in place of sales calls today. There is a mammoth amount of marketing noise bombarding the executive, manager and business owner. Then within all that marketing noise there is all the direct competition in your particular field. Competitors should grow more sophisticated and aggressive by the minute. Not only competing for new customers but also attempting to take away your present customers. What are you doing about it? Your best strategy is the top of the consciousness principle. This principle says that you will do things to get and remain on the very top of the consciousness of your customers and clients. McDonald's for example has done that most successfully. I did my own little informal survey using a word association game. You know I say a word, you say the first word that pops into your mind. I say tree, you say shade, that sort of fact. Buried in my list was the word hamburger. Guess what? Nearly 40% of the people said McDonald's. The others answered with words like bun, ketchup, cookout but only a few mentioned other fast food restaurants. McDonald's dominates the consciousness of the fast food customer. It's for that reason more than any other that they continue to prosper while companies like Burger King and Wendy's for example are struggling as of this recording in 1987. McDonald's has sustained this top of the consciousness position with a sophisticated, admittedly expensive multimedia approach. TV, radio, magazine, sweepstakes and contests, characters like Ronald McDonald, Jingles, visible distinctive locations, sponsorship of charitable causes, different campaigns aimed at different age groups. Actually the only thing McDonald's does not do well is use direct marketing. If they ever add this to their marketing mix, they'll permanently destroy some of their competitors. You have to find ways to command the same type of position in the minds of your customers or clients and prospective customers or clients in your marketplace. You can do so by imitating a multimedia example like McDonald's. There are also direct marketing methods perfect for this purpose. One of those is a 10 to 12 times contact program directed at customers and selected targeted prospective customers. In such a program you directly contact and communicate with those people at least 10 to 12 times during the year, not including their visits to your place of business or their routine transactions with you. In doing so you might use birthday cards, seasonal greeting cards, postcards, newsletters, catalogs, special offer mailings, telemarketing, personal sales calls, and ad specialties. I particularly like the use of a customer newsletter as part of this contact program. I use this for my consulting business. I teach doctors to use it for their practices. I know printers, clothing stores, beauty salons, and restaurants who use this method. Hotel chains and airlines have picked up on this technique in connection with their frequent traveler clubs. The Sahara Hotel in Las Vegas uses a newsletter. It's perfect for accountants and attorneys. Any company selling through dealers, distributors, or retailers should use this method. I also like the use of personalized thank yous to build customer loyalty. People like to be appreciated. It's a very simple thing, yet so few businesses today do anything to say thanks. We recently tried a new messenger service for the first time. The next day they delivered a nice flower and a little crystal vase to our office with a thank you note. I think that's brilliant. The next time we need a messenger service, I can assure you that my secretary is going to think of them. Direct mail is a great way of increasing the frequency of spending of customers or the order size of customers. You can also use direct mail to motivate customers to purchase slow moving items in your stores. Come to your restaurant at a slow time. Stay in your hotels during the off season. Here are some simple ideas to carefully consider. Number one, most businesses invest too much in chasing new customers and too little in doing additional repeat business with their existing customers. Number two, the satisfied customer is predisposed to purchase again, purchase more, and purchase something different. Number three, it costs less to motivate a known customer to purchase again than to acquire a new customer. Number four, customers are only fickle because a new competitor is paying more attention to them than you are. In business to business marketing, many companies make the huge mistake of having all their contact with their customers go through the sales representative. This leaves the customers vulnerable to theft if the representative jumps to another employer. It also leaves too much opportunity for negligence on the representative's part. Regardless of the layers of distribution between you and your customer, you should establish some direct link. The owner of a restaurant can do that by coming around and chatting personally with the customers. The chief executive officer of a large company can do it with a newsletter and maybe a hot line telephone number. Here are some of the ways that direct mail can be used to communicate with established customers. Number one, to introduce new products or services. Number two, to give advance notice of and explain price or fee increases. Number three, to offer special discounts or premiums. Number four, to provide useful information. Number five, to give recognition to top customers. Number six, to announce seasonal sales. Most of the remainder of this cassette program will focus on new customer acquisition through direct marketing. However, the points we've discussed in this message are extremely important. I've rarely seen a business that could not increase and improve through increased direct marketing to present customers. Now here's a real marketing secret. It is a true secret. Most companies make a critical, crucial error in this area. I've personally made this error many times. Here's the secret. When marketing to established, existing customers, you should still tell your entire sales story every time. Do not make the mistake of assuming knowledge on the part of the customer. Do not take shortcuts with existing customers. And do not feel that you are boring them by telling the same story repetitively. If you have quality, service, guarantee, price, or other advantages, point them out each and every time you deliver a sales presentation. American business desperately needs to place a new, higher value on the customer. That's been the message of Tom Peters' initiated excellence movement. That's the message behind the government hearings currently taking place, investigating the airline industry's abuse of its customers. If your business is not performing as well as you would like, it's a message you should listen to. Also, communicate with your customers and you'll do more business. This is the end of Side 1.