The main thing that gets people interested in direct marketing is its value as a means of acquiring new customers or clients. With the increased and ever-increasing costs of doing business, it is critically important for the owner of the small company and for the salesperson to be cost-effective in marketing. That means that good control is exercised over the cost of getting a new customer. Many businesses grow their growths at the expense of their net, at least partially through uncontrolled new customer acquisition costs. They can literally grow themselves right out of business. I found that the best way to develop methods that work consistently, predictably, and cost-effectively in acquiring new customers is through direct mail marketing. When you develop a successful cost-effective direct mail program, you've got an extremely valuable asset. You've got a system that you can use over and over again for a long time with predictable results. To use direct mail to effectively acquire new customers or clients, you have to deal with demographics. Demographics are the statistical information about people that marketers use to select and target their prospective customers and clients. Today, computers have added a huge extra measure of sophistication to the collection and organization of demographics, so that it is literally true that if you can describe it, you can get it. This makes it critically important to know as much as possible about your present customers and your desirable customers. The more information you have about the commonalities in your customer base, the more efficiently you can select prospects. Here's a partial list of demographic information you might compile about your consumer customers. Age, sex, marital status, home ownership, car ownership, major purchase behavior, credit card possession, income level, occupations, response to mail order offers, magazines subscribed to, cable TV subscription. By collecting and analyzing data about your customers, you might find, for example, that a significant majority of your best customers are between 30 and 35 years of age. Mail, married, own their own homes, have bought a new car within the last three years, have bought a VCR or television set in the last two years, have an American Express card, earn between 30 and 40 thousand dollars a year, are engineers or middle managers, are known mail order purchasers, subscribe to Playboy, and have cable television. If you have that information, you have the power to very efficiently select a new group of targeted prospects. In business to business marketing, there may be different demographic information that can be compiled about your customers, such as size of company by annual sales, size of company by number of employees, ownership of buildings or other real estate, major purchase behavior, credit card use, type of business, magazines subscribed to. By collecting data about your customers, you might find, for example, that a significant majority of your best clients are companies with between one and three million dollars in annual sales, between 100 and 200 employees, own their own plants or office buildings, have bought a computer in the past year, have a corporate American Express card, are in technology manufacturing and subscribe to Forbes magazine. If you have that information, you have the power to very efficiently select a new group of targeted prospects. How do you get this kind of information about your customers? Ask. One excellent method is the use of anonymous surveys. Information gathered with anonymous surveys is most likely to be accurate. On the other hand, many customers won't respond to such surveys. For that reason, at another time, you may need to survey your customers with identity attached by mail or phone and even offer some gift as an incentive for response. The problem with such surveys is that people will lie. You can improve the accuracy of your data by crossing your anonymous survey results with your identified, responded survey results. Commonalities verified by both types of survey can generally be relied on as valid. You can also compile information about certain types of customers through research. The objective of all this is to find demographic commonalities in a significant percentage of your good customers. In consulting with companies, I am consistently amazed at how little marketers know about their customers or if they have knowledge, they aren't paying any attention to it. I consult with a firm that sells investment at real estate, for example. They know that their best, most active investors are engineers. Yet they've done nothing with this information. They haven't advertised in trade publications aimed at engineers. They haven't done any direct mail to engineers. Let me tell you about one of the best examples of the importance of demographics to a small business that I know of. A woman owned a very exclusive fashion store in a pricey shopping center in a wealthy suburb. She kept no customer mailing list and actually knew very little about her customers. She said it wasn't necessary. Most of her customers lived in the high-priced condominium community right near her store, and she regularly advertised in the small newspaper that serviced that community. She was finally convinced to start building a mailing list. Guess what? Two-thirds of her customers lived 25 to as far as 40 miles away, in middle rather than upper income communities. They came to her store based on their perception that it was where the super fashionable people shopped. She was shocked. By using that information, she was able to conduct direct mail campaigns into those areas where her customers really lived. As a result, she tripled her business in just six months. Ask yourself, how much do you really know about your customers or clients? Is it possible that some assumptions you've made about your customers are incorrect? Are there commonalities that are shared by many of your customers that you are unaware of? Is there information you already know about your customers that you aren't using? Dr. Napoleon Hill, famous thinking girl rich author, emphasized accurate thinking as one of the key characteristics shared by the hundreds of successful business leaders he studied over a 20-year period. It is not possible to employ accurate thinking in your business without accurate information about your customers. You can use accurate information about your customers to select new prospect mailing lists, make new product or service introduction decisions, and create direct mail and advertising pinpointed at your customers' interests. For any one of these reasons, it would be worth the effort of collecting and compiling information about your customers. But when you consider all three uses for the information, it is obvious that collecting such information might be one of the most profitable things you ever do. Another issue connected to demographics and the use of demographics in prospect list selection is the definition of the customer you want. Advertising genius David Ogilvy started in the ad business by making a list of some corporations he would most like to have as clients. His attitude, if you have to pursue new clients, why not pursue especially desirable ones? Goal setting is an important part of business success. As part of the goal setting process, you should determine who your desirable customers are. There may be differences between your existing customers and your most desirable customers, and you'll need to take careful notice of those differences, explore why they exist, and determine what strategies are needed to attract and satisfy those preferred customers. Welcome to the wonderful world of mailing lists. To the uninitiated, it's usually a real shock to discover just how many different mailing lists are available, and how sophisticated you can get in selecting mailing lists. I want to emphasize right off the bat that 99% of all small business and small company owners have very minimal knowledge of this subject. They know very little about the availability and use of mailing lists, particularly those tied to national databases. Taking the time to acquire and creatively use this knowledge can be a huge competitive advantage. I have in front of me the SRDS directory, Standard Rate and Data Service. This is a directory of just about every mailing list and mailing list supplier in existence. My issue from November of 1986 consists of over 1600 oversized pages crammed with tiny 8 and 6-point type listings and descriptions of one list after another. There are three basic kinds of lists. Subscriber lists, those people who subscribe to a particular magazine, newsletter, or other publication. Generally, they're available as is, separated by expires, current subscribers, and hotline subscribers, that is the very recent new subscribers, and by many other basic sorts, geographic, for example. So a list of the Better Homes and Gardens magazine subscribers for the city of Chicago is easy to get and readily available, for example. Then there are purchaser lists. The buyers of just about anything and everything are available. Here are a few examples. Omaha Steaks customers, Maple Grove Maple Syrup buyers, purchasers of tickets to the Boston Ballet, Brooks Brothers mail order customers, mail order buyers of Giorgio perfumes, General Nutrition Corporation vitamin customers. Many different sorts are then available in most purchasers lists. They may be able to specify by the amount of their average purchase, by repeat purchase behavior, by use of credit cards, by the recency of their ordering, and of course geographic area. Compiled lists are different in that they generally come from different sources, merged together rather than one, although a notable exception to that is business category lists compiled from the yellow pages. An example of a compiled list is chief executive officers of companies with at least 50 employees. That list is put together from information in various directories and from telephone surveys. You can rent these lists, as is, in their entirety, broken down into specialized sorts or merged purged. Each list will offer different specialized sort capabilities. You want to consider the value of each one of these as it relates to your defined needs. You can also consider the geographic sort in just about any list, at least by state, sometimes by county, city, or individual zip codes. This allows the small local business to access the national lists. This also allows you to test a promotion in just one area, to zero in on an area for a grand opening of a new outlet, to target market buy area for any number of possible reasons. Sometimes there are recency sorts available. Subscriber lists, for example, often offer hotline lists comprised of people who have subscribed or renewed within the past 90 days. These recent fires are generally more responsive than the regular list would be. Although no one knows for sure, we believe this is true because of their interest in a given subject being very current. If you come along with a related offer, the timing is right. Sometimes there are frequency sorts available. This lets you take only those people who have bought more than once from the same company. Unit of sale is a popular selection criteria. Some buyer lists can be broken into several price categories, five to fifty dollars, fifty to a hundred, a hundred or more. In some consumer lists, it's possible to select only those from the list who own a home, or who use credit cards, or the head of the household, or who fall into a certain income range. In some business lists, you can select only certain types of businesses, sizes of businesses, designation by job title, or lists with people's names and titles on them. You can find the standard rate and data service directories at the main library in your area. The library's copy may be a little out of date, but for educational purposes, that's okay. Now, I'm just going to randomly select a couple SRDS listings and go through them with you to bring about an even better understanding. Under business executives, the Kipling or Washington Letter lists are available. This is a tax business and political newsletter. Let's see what the listing tells us. Number one, the average unit of sale is forty-eight dollars. Two, the list source is direct mail. That means all the subscribers were gotten through direct mail, as opposed to, say, advertisements in other magazines, or reps selling subscriptions door to door. Three, there are 406,000 subscribers available. Four, there are approximately 10,000 hotline subscribers available each month. Five, the list costs 85 to 95 dollars per thousand names. Expired subscribers are available for just $40 a thousand. So if you have a broker, you can now call that list broker or you can call the broker handling this list, which happens to be the Clyde Company, to get additional information for your regional or local marketing. For example, you might want to know how many subscribers there are in Indiana or in Indianapolis, Indiana. Who might use this list? Banks, stockbrokers, insurance agents, relitters, seminar marketers? If you'll take the time to page through the entire SRDS directory, you'll be amazed at how many lists you'll discover that contain people who are logical prospects for your business, goods, or services. Let me tell you how to get super sophisticated with this. Let's say you sell fairly complex, expensive real estate limited partnerships. You need people in high tax brackets with good credit and some knowledge and experience as investors. You might take the Kiplinger list we just discussed, plus two or three other financial newsletter subscription lists, and have them merge purged to find only those people in your area who subscribe to at least two of them. Then you might have that list merged purged with a list of credit card holders. On a local basis, this is going to be costly because you were dealing with so few names. In this example in a city like Phoenix, you might only wind up with a thousand names, and they might cost you several dollars each, but you will have highly qualified prospects. One way to overcome the cost problem, if you own a small local business, is to make contact with the owners of similar businesses in other geographic areas and go together as a group on a list rental project. Basic lists without a lot of merge purge work can be rented for as low as $30-35 per thousand names. That fee is for one time use only, and that's important. Most lists include some plants, people who are listed there, and are paid to report on the mail they receive. Their name may be on a list in a certain way, so that any mail they get addressed that way indicates that the list was used. Copying and using rented lists more than once is dangerous. You can be prosecuted, fined, even imprisoned. Lists are available in many different formats, computer printouts, self-adhesive labels, even on magnetic tape if you're computerized. If you test more than one list with the same promotion, you'll want to code your mailings and track the response so you can make better list selection decisions in the future. You can code by creating fictitious suite numbers or telephone extension numbers, inserting different colored coupons correlated to different lists, or assigning code numbers that must be given to obtain the discount or the gift offered. For a small extra charge, your code can be imprinted right on the mailing label too. This is particularly useful if you are using a window envelope with the label on an inside piece that will later be redeemed as a coupon. If you're renting from a large database to do a test, you can and should get an nth name sort. Say you're renting 5,000 names from a list of 25,000. You might then get every fifth name. Then if the promotion is successful, you can rent the remainder of the list, less those you've already mailed to, in other words, omitting every fifth name. If you are using mailing lists only for one local area, you may want to talk with the mailing list sources listed in your own local yellow pages. It may be more convenient for you to deal with a local supplier. You may feel more comfortable meeting with someone face to face. However, if the local source cannot give you exactly what you want, one of the big national houses certainly can. Let's run through one more example. American List Council has a list of high-income residents at their home addresses. The list has been compiled from census information, phone books, car registrations, and other sources. There are 9 million people in the $50,000 to $75,000 income range. We can select by state, length of residency, and get phone numbers. If I were running a redecorating company, I might be interested in this list. I'd want those in my state in that high-income range who had been in the same home for 5 or more years, and I would want their phone numbers for phone follow-up to my mailing. If I were going to try and merge purge that with something, I might try subscribers to architectural digest, or Better Homes and Gardens Magazine, and take only those names who subscribe to at least one of them. Obviously, the smaller your business's market area, the more difficult it is to cost-effectively access and use these national databases, but it can be done. If you want to get a real competitive advantage and be able to target market to highly qualified prospects, Standard-Rating Data Service is the place to begin.