Hello and welcome to Midas Touch Direct Marketing. On this first cassette we want to lay the foundation for many of the most important ideas, strategies, terms and methods that Dan Kennedy will be talking to you about on the other cassettes in this package, in the Magnetic Marketing Toolkit and in his NoBS Marketing Letter if you are an Inner Circle member. My name is John Dale. I'll be with you for the next 30 minutes or so previewing these key items. Item number one, targets. Mr. Kennedy accuses most business people and marketers of playing blind archery a most dangerous game. Instead, just about everything he recommends to you resolves around accurate, precise targeting. This means having a very clear picture of who your current best customer is and who you want as a new customer and who your particular mixer product, service, price, value is best matched with. It's surprising that most business owners really do not know their customers well and cannot describe that customer in great detail. But if you cannot clearly see your target, it's hard to hit. Item two, lead generation. This means the acquisition through some method, advertising, direct mail, trade shows, consumer shows, whatever, the acquisition of leads. That is, well qualified prospects that match your target descriptions for follow up. You'll learn that in many cases using lead generation advertising you do not advertise your product, service or business. Instead, you advertise for exactly the person you want to respond. You advertise for the target. Item three, lead generation magnet. This is the little extra that makes lead generation advertising most productive. A lead generation magnet is most often made up inexpensively out of paper and ink. Often a free report of informational value to your target market that also serves as a long form sales letter, a next step in your process. This is discussed at length in one of Dan Kennedy's Magnetic Marketing Special Reports, how to print as much money as you want legally. This report is usually provided with your Magnetic Marketing System Toolkit or is available in a collection of special reports for $49.95. Here is the most important objective serviced by these first three items we've discussed. Strategically investing most of your time and money in talking only to those people identified and who have identified themselves as most likely to respond favorably to what you have to offer. The earlier in the game you narrow your focus to just these high probability prospects the better. A related objective is to spend your personal selling time only with those people who are predisposed to buy. When you have a good multi-step marketing process that forces prospects to jump through multiple hoops before they get to you, automatically win those out the low probability prospects and pre-sells those that remain. Your person-to-person selling time reaches peak productivity and value. One of the most important things that you can learn from Dan Kennedy is how to use the tools to do your spade work for you instead of you doing it all with manual labor. So at this point just a few quick questions for you to consider. Number one, how much do you know about your customer? Number two, how would you describe the person you'd most like to attract to you via advertising in comprehensive detail? And number three, what information can you offer that will be irresistible to your target and compel him to respond to you? Item four, marketing message. What exactly is a marketing message? It is the news that you have to spread. The most important thing or things that you can say to your target market that has real meaning and significance to that target market. Two categories of information included in most marketing messages are A, the universal selling proposition and B, the unique selling proposition. A universal selling proposition is made up of all the things that you have to say and offer even though and maybe because of your competitors offering the same things. For example, being open on Saturdays may be nothing special in your business. Everybody does it. But you still need to mention it because everybody offers it and to admit it would make you stand out in a negative way. But a unique selling proposition is the thing or things that differentiate, that you do differently, that are different by personality, price, offer, guarantee, whatever, so as to make you stand out in a positive way. If you don't have one of these, you'll want to start searching and brainstorming in order to find or create one. And Dan would encourage you to look outside of your industry for breakthrough ideas. He says that at best incremental improvement can come from doing what is normal better. Breakthroughs come from bringing brand new ideas into an industry. If you happen to own a service business, for example, you'll definitely want to read the story of Larry Harman's DeMar Plumbing in Dan's book, How to Make Millions with Your Ideas to see how someone created multiple unique selling propositions. Incidentally, people who struggle with this unique selling proposition challenge often ask Dan to give them one. Can't be done. If you could just be handed a unique selling proposition on a silver platter, it wouldn't be unique to you, now would it? Only you can create your unique selling proposition. Item 5, media. Media is a non-manual labor intensive means of delivering your marketing message to a target. Different media work better for different businesses, sometimes at different times. If you are a business to business or industrial company, media you might typically use would include trade or industry magazines, maybe the Wall Street Journal, exhibiting at trade shows and direct mail. If you market to consumers, your media choices might include newspapers, Valpak or Moneymailer, radio or direct mail. In all cases, the important thing to remember is that you are, from now on, going to only use media that can be used for direct response advertising, not institutional or image advertising, and that you are only going to do direct response advertising. Think of this as tough-minded advertising. This means that every dollar invested will be expected to yield immediate direct response. This incidentally begs some basics. Elements that must be present for it to be considered direct response. One, a benefit telegraphic headline. Two, a true marketing message. Three, an offer or offers. Four, a reason to respond immediately. And five, response instructions and mechanisms. If these five things are not present, you're not doing direct response. To discuss media options for a minute for business to business or industrial marketers, Dan prefers lead generation advertising and trade magazines, then direct mail and sometimes finally telephone follow-up to these leads. If you look at your trade magazines in your industry, you'll find that almost all, if not all, ads push product. The ad that does not push product instead flags the attention of precisely described individuals and then offers those individuals free information of interest and value to them really stand out. Also, while cold mailings try to reach business decision makers have massive waste, a lion's share will usually get screened and trashed or thrown out unopened or unread, but delivery of requested information to a named decision maker who requested and remembers requesting that material is much more productive. For consumer marketers, there's a greater variety of often productive options. For many businesses, media like the Yellow Pages and coupon mailings like MoneyMailer and Valpak can be made to be reliably and consistently deliver true break-even or better results, satisfactory for acquiring new customers. Also, many businesses cold direct mail such as a sequence of letters can work neighborhood or geographic farms or affinity farms, which I'll discuss more in just a few minutes. Item 6, the sales letter. As you study all of Dan Kennedy's methods, you will find that the sales letter is one of his staple, most used tools. In many instances, Dan would utilize a sequence of letters, each one clearly referring to the previous ones, all sent in a fairly condensed period of time, most commonly four to six weeks. It is important not to be intimidated by the task of putting together sales letters. You do not need to be a Shakespeare or a Hemingway to get this job done. A good sales letter actually is selling in print, so they are conversational and they have personality. Your letter should be written pretty much like you talk. In the Magnetic Marketing Sales Toolkit, you'll find plenty of samples you can slightly modify and use without having to start from scratch and crafting sales letters for different purposes. Also, in Dan's book, The Ultimate Sales Letter, you'll find a simple step-by-step process for writing sales letters with examples for every step. Of course, Dan is available for copywriting as well as complete marketing consulting assignments, but most people are able to do it yourself with the aid of these materials. Item 7, the Plant the Farm Sequence. This refers to using a time sequence in communicating for the first time with a particular group of targeted prospects called a farm. There are certain rules that you will learn to apply to the plant the farm process that then change when you move to a maintain the farm mode. For example, in most cases, in Plant the Farm, you're going to use plain white paper, a pile mail, an envelope with no company or business identifications, logos, or teaser copy on the outside. A simple sales letter, the first thing seen when the envelope is open. But once a relationship is established, this envelope format is no longer mandated. In fact, then postcards, self-mailer, and catalogs become effective options. There are a number of different kinds of farms appropriate to many businesses or sales professionals. Certainly, the most common are simple geographic, all of the homeowners or all of the business owners within a defined geographic area such as a zip code or a sales territory. But you can probably learn to be more selective and sophisticated than that, and you'll learn some of the keys to doing so in one of the Magnetic Marketing Special Reports, how to turn mailing lists into money, usually provided with the Magnetic Marketing System Toolkit. Another frequently productive farm is an affinity farm, a group of people that have something significant in common but are not necessarily boundaryed by geography, for example. If you are a fireman, but as your part-time business, you sell water purifiers, you may want to target all the other firemen in your town or nationwide, and in your sales letter, you would lean on this affinity, for example. Dear fellow firefighter, I'm a fireman at the Cincinnati Firehouse No. 3 in Cincinnati, Ohio. If there's one thing that you and I rely on for our very lives, yet take completely for granted, it is water. But I am not writing to you about the water that blows out of our truck hoses to save lives. Instead, I'm writing to you about the water that comes out of your faucet in the kitchen at home, and may very well be robbing you and your family of life by destroying your health, and so on. There are other types of farms you'll be learning about too.