Another example, in our weight loss market, the very first funnel we built out, and if you guys have this book, I share this whole story in the opening article. But it kind of shows our thing. So we had an offer called Body Evolution, and we did the first test. We spent $5,000 in, we bought a $5,000 drop, because I was like, really, come on, this is going to work awesome. I broke some rules. I did a horrible job of modeling another offer. Our friend and offer did not work. But I didn't know that at first. We bought this whole thing. We sent the email out, and we're waiting, and we're waiting. Within a day, we looked at it, and we hadn't even got close to break-even. I'm like, ugh. An email we usually will know within a couple hours, within a day, if it's going to work or not. Within the first day, I'm like, we weren't even close. So by the second I get some trickles through, by the third day, it was dead. I'm like, ugh, that sucked. But it was awesome. And the best thing about this whole business we're in, you guys, this whole direct response business, what's cool is if you look in here, I mapped out. I said, OK, here's our process. Here's our offer. Here's our funnel. I want to see how fast you guys can see where the issue was. So we drove everybody through a squeeze page, and the conversion on the squeeze page was 38%. Then from there, we took them to our initial offer. I think it was $47, and our conversion was 0.76%. Then from there, we took them to OTO number one, which I can't remember the price point on. OTO stands for one time offer. So our first one time offer, we had 25% conversion. Our second offer, we got 19% conversion. And our third offer, we got 16% conversion. We sent the email out. I was all frustrated. I was like, this sucks. I hate being in the biz off, or the weight loss space. It doesn't work. It's the internet marketing thing is a bunch of big scam. I'm out. Right? That's what most people do. It drives me crazy. Or else I bought an ad and it didn't work. Your scam artists are like, serious? And so for a couple of days, I was just upset. It didn't even work. I was just frustrated. Then I thought, I'm going to step back and look and see what happened. We step back. We looked at the numbers. We looked at that. Is there anything blaringly obvious to anybody besides me? This did awesome. This did awesome. This did awesome. This did awesome. That sucked. If that was it, there was one piece in the middle that was broken. I don't have to touch any of these or that. Everything else worked. But this little piece right here, it didn't work. So I'm going to just fix that. We tweaked that. It opens up the floodgates. And so the new version that we're rolling out next week is this. I looked at this. Our initial, the offer on this was very much like, how to, and I think at this point in my career, I would be pretty good at not screwing this up. But the whole offer was like, how to lose weight by improving your mindset. Horrible offer. They were just trying to think about doing that. Don't do that. You can sell it on the back end like I talked about, but that's not a good front end offer. Front end is you need the fad, exciting, cool thing. It's going to be in diet. You just have to drink chocolate and lose tons of weight. Like something like that that's sexy on the front end. And I don't know the numbers yet, but I guarantee it's going to be higher than this. Okay? So if I give this to 3% or 5%, if 5%, this funnel makes me a million bucks a year. Okay? And so it's just fixing that piece, trying it out again and see what happens. That make sense, you guys? So that's why I love this game. Because that's what it is. You create this funnel the best you possibly can. You buy some ads and you look at it and it either works out of the gate. You break even. It's awesome. Break even. What could you do now to sell people on the back end? Or it doesn't work. You look at it and you're like, what sucked about this? And if you can find and identify it, then you just tweak that, try again. And within two or three tries, usually we get it right. Okay? And so that's, hopefully that'll give you guys some encouragement. If you're in this process and something hasn't worked yet, if it doesn't work, it doesn't mean it's dead. It means there's something broken. You just got to find that little piece. And as soon as you get that to work, everything else can start working for you. So this question was before ClickFones, where do you use to track it from these pages? We were really unsophisticated. All we did is we looked at how many clicks we got. So in our click account, we got a thousand clicks, let's say. How many options I got? I got 380 opt-ins. How many people bought that? One dude bought that. How many people bought this? You know, whatever that is, and I just looked at it. It wasn't like some fancy, there's no super good software. It's just like, here's the whole thing. ClickFones will do that now. But before, it was just kind of like piecing it together. That's why it wasn't like, I looked instantly. It was like a week later, I'm like, all right, what's wrong? Oh, cool. I got so excited, I realized what was wrong. The other thing, this is a side note from a testing standpoint, which is kind of cool, is when we send these emails out, and this is the same on banner ads and stuff like that, just changing your headline on your banner ad or the subject line of your email can change the whole campaign as well. So when Brent bought the solo ad for this, he said, what headlines do you want to test? Again, all these tests are in the split test book. But we put different headlines in. One of them was, excuse me, it's not your fault. They're trying to make you, or they're making you fat or something like that, conspiracy theory based, a couple other ones. One of the headlines I threw, I was like a joke. We put in four headlines. One of them was, Carrie's dirty little weight loss secret. And anyway, we send the email out. And what was interesting is that email, the first email that gets subject line, let's say the email goes out to 100,000 people. First number one gets headline number one. Number two, and it rotates through and it starts over, right? So we're all of a sudden done, 250,000 or 200, whatever, a fourth of all those people got a different headline. And then we looked at the stats and we found out that, so here's the email back here, look at the stats, that it was like the four different headlines. One of the headlines had like six times more clicks than the other ones. Six times more clicks. And so I looked at it and I was like, man, if that headline went to every email, we'd have got an extra 2,000 clicks for free that we didn't get because the headline didn't capture people's attention. So the second email we sent out, we just used that, which increased the throughput on everything. Now what was cool is we found out Carrie's dirty weight loss secret, that that got people excited to open an email and click, right? So we did, we came back here now to the landing page, we changed the headline that we had before to find out what Carrie's dirty little weight loss secret is. And guess what? This shot up, remember, more people opted in. And then the headline is like, hey, this product's gonna teach you Carrie's dirty little weight loss trick and conversions went up there. So you can learn these little things along the way that you can take back and just, you find out this subject line works best, let's move that throughout the entire funnel. So this question was, if you find out an email that subject line works better or worse, how long do you wait to repeat the campaign? The reality is, as soon as Brent tells me I can try again, because it's not, like we're buying $5,000 apps. He's like, you don't get another one this month. I'm like, all right, in the next month, can I try again? Yeah, you can try it. That's part of it. The reality is like, especially if you, I know this from doing joint ventures and stuff, I can send an email to my list of product. I can send an email the next day promoting a product and get just as much or more money the second day as I did the first day. So you could, if you can just write the check a couple of times, you could do it really, really quick and really quick and easy. I don't think the saturation happens that nearly. I mean, we did Dr. Suzanne's list we did for Neurosel and we did it once and it crushed. We did like a week later and it crushed it again. So like, you can, you can usually do it pretty quick. People's attention span is really short, especially if you're tweaking the subject line. Different people are gonna respond. Different people, it's just, email is interesting because none of us read all of our emails every single day. So everyone that's getting it, there's only a fraction of people that get it every day anyway and you're always hitting different people in different times and there's, it'll usually work multiple times before it stops working. So that's a great question. Okay, so that's, that's some email stuff and again, we'll get in the final part of this tomorrow which will be, which will be really fun but that's some of the, the core first thing which is email.