All right, hey folks welcome everyone can hear me okay Everyone can hear me okay. Yeah, it is Francis. He's like from the UK, but he lives in Spain. You're right Francis Everyone can hear me okay, man. I'm excited. I appreciate everyone of y'all who I don't know How many y'all have your first cup of coffee yet? I Get up at four in the morning anyway, so it wasn't a big deal to me But let me make sure everyone's muted. We're gonna get going on you All right When when I asked Igor let me let me go back real quick and First of all, those of you my team in power network We have a webinar training team training at 9 p.m. And for everybody That's in partner or diamond campus. We have the Craigslist advanced training and that which I wanted to teach last week I'm teaching today. Yeah, it's espresso Maria. All right, so don't forget about those two webinars But I don't know how many years has been Igor maybe two years maybe a little longer but I don't know I was I found I came across Igor some kind of form or something and I just want to say was like a Some kind of like a say swap platform, but it was like it wasn't say swap the form and I purchased his one of his list building courses right and Listen You know all you have to do is go in the warrior form and search his name and he's like the number one Traffic solo guy in online. I mean he's king. I'm not saying that He's king. I'm gonna share something with you. I Have three resources in UIS For solo ads you probably know me gore Natalia from Russia Seth I believe in New York and it was a recommendation from tie and Igor and how are you always know? I always say go with Igor Igor Igor Do not ever Google solo ads and Get your source from like that. You know why you're gonna get ripped off man. You're not gonna get real traffic. I Just did a solo ad with Igor No, no, no just like four or five days ago. I don't know and I did 500 clicks and Yeah, of course, I only use one thing niche ad generator I got 42% Optin rate But I'm just letting you know he's in Israel. That's why we had to do it this time You know because of the time difference I think it's like three o'clock his time or two o'clock his time over there in the afternoon And it's over here, but that's okay. Some of y'all need to get up anyway Charles Bloodlone Canada. How you doing? So let's just get going. I'm gonna hand it over to Igor Igor. I'm gonna Make a presenter. I'm gonna turn this off. I wish people would stop skyping me Let me right here and then set you up with that one folks. Help me. Welcome Igor I Have a cam Igor Yeah Hang on let me make you let me get you in here for cam Igor bam bam turn mine off turn yours on Man there you go Igor You guys see me. Yeah, we can see you I'm gonna mute myself Igor if you need me go ahead and tell but I'm gonna be with Southland's no ground no background Go ahead. All right, very cool. Well, first of thank you for such a massive introduction I mean, I've been introduced to people before but I'm gonna record this one for sure I'm just gonna play it back a kind of meat, you know, someone new Because it was by far and away, you know, the best ever introduction of ever had now. Thank you everyone with the dreams for the webinar I'm really sorry about you know getting you It's such an early time 7 a.m. You know, we see I mean get Michael lentils, right? It's 2 12 p.m. My time right now in Israel I'm about seven hours ahead of you and Yeah, so basically this train is gonna be about Two things number one is I'm gonna share some Empowering secrets and number two is I'm gonna share some solo buying secrets. Okay, even the fact that I'm the solo guy, you know I feel that if you should be getting Solo buying advice from anyone should be me, right? Not to mention that as you see Michael Angel trust me with this business and I'll do my best to of course serve the same quality Traffic for you guys now my plan to early you mentioned Natalia She's from Ukraine and thank you and I'm originally from Ukraine as well. So yeah, we we see crushing I know her So anyway When it comes to impart a solo it there's like a special recipe you need to follow Okay, there's a special recipe need to follow if you want to crush it because most people about 90% of all important But really they do blind, you know, they just get on the ground and repeat they get in on the 25 that a little and they think that if They're just going by solo, they'll you know, they'll make money This is This is not the case Unfortunately, I mean, I wish it was that easy we don't be rich, but it's not now So this you know the first part of this webinar is going to be Title the hidden secrets to crushing upon network leaderboards with their cheap and free traffic now Originally was also about the free traffic But to me and Michelangelo discussed it and we're gonna hold another webinar I believe about the free traffic generation technique Otherwise this one's gonna be like extremely long webinar Which we don't want to do because you guys just get tired, you know, so let me just Move ahead with the presentation. I hope you guys can see my fancy pool clock right there. Yeah All right So why me? Well, pretty simple. I built a 200,000 list in the last three years ever since just before I met Michelangelo actually and I've been in the solo business for about Three years or ten and a half years ever since December 2010 and if you go back to the word form and you see my my Very first, you know solo and related threat. You'll see that goes back to 2010 now I know the ins and outs of solo business In fact, I know all the blackhead and greyhead and any kind of hat techniques you can imagine when it comes to soloism and traffic and list building and That is why I believe that, you know unqualified to be given you advice and To give you a couple of tips You know to help you save your money, you know to keep money in your pocket and to maximize and to To get the more bang for your buck if you will on your traffic purchases Now over the last 30 months, which is two and a half years. I've served over 2,000 customers Off and on the way for of course Michelangelo is one of them, you know one of the repeat customers that I keep working with Now I get about 20 for an effort solar quest a week and I deny 18 of them because Because a couple reasons that I'm going to be discussing in a few minutes now Just some trivia information as well I've been proclaimed the most trusted solo dude in the water form as well as Mr. Solo at Solo at came in solo czar because of my Ukrainian roots, of course by some of the most influential marketers in the industry and if you guys are coming to the To the warrior event that's going to be happening in a couple of months Then you also going to see me present on this very topic of stage, right? So Again, if we're talking about you getting advice for anyone about solo ads You know, I'm the guy to listen to now Another reason for you to listen to me again just to just to make sure there's trust between us and that you know that The device I'm going to be giving you based on actual reward experience is that I personally coached over three dozen marketers to earn a full-time income from home by building their own solo business right but building their own email marketing businesses and over well, 21 of them at this point smashed through the 3000 bucks a month mark within their first 60 days of working with it. So again when I'm giving you advice rest assured it's tested It's this advice that if just you follow it to the tee you will make money Now when we're done and on this webinar you're going to pretty much Master the art and science of turning clicks into commissions pretty much every single time or if not every single time But then on average at the end of month, you will be in profit if you just follow this Simple blueprint now you will differentiate yourself from 90% of failing important for affiliates Or pretty much is desperately dumping lots of money into traffic and not see any returns and again, I know this because they tell me You know, I keep getting those emails where they say no, I see you as a guy who people will trust the solo ads And I've been buying some some traffic nothing ever works. Please help me And that's the hard reality now, of course just the fact that you're with Michelangelo, right? Gives you an advantage like an upper hand over these guys because the Michelangelo notes are starting also great people up with him to make money But still I believe a few things need to be mentioned on this call never for you to maximize your ry Now you will also be able to turn a shoestring solo budget into a profit and pretty much be in a position where you can invest the profit Cash that you've just made to take your business to the next level So you don't have to reach deeper into your pocket all the time, but you can actually grab the money made and reinvest it, right? and um, I'm also gonna be Again, originally this webinar was planned to talk about free traffic as well But we're gonna be talking about this on the following of a webinar. We just weren't able to Edit the presentation before it. So for that again, I apologize now Before we kick things off a few things I want to know is that I'm not the biggest in partner for fan, okay? as you can tell I'm kind of like the guy that brand himself and I work a lot of solo ads and obviously I made a lot of money from that bar network just based on selling traffic to Empowering affiliates, but I was never an affiliate myself Just because of that very same reason right now It would be very hypocritical of me to join a partner for tip promoters for my for my own, you know sake and then sell so much over people that are in a power of effort. So I was originally put in a position where Um, I had to you know, I was locked out Anyway, and that is why for the most part people who do follow my advice and get important for traffic For their pages. They usually make sales That's just their reality with this However, even though I don't really you know, I'm not the biggest fan on the power network We can unhide the fact that tons of people are making money with it. I mean literally tons of people and It's just it's been growing very very big ever since it started about One year and four or six four to six months ago Pretty much, you know, ever since it started I've been following a partner, but I've been including the solo lodex for these guys but of course As as you know as the industry evolved in partner also did and they just keep evolving There's now you see the lots of teams for a power network. Now. I personally believe you're in the top team Uh, when it comes to partner for michael angeles team just because again, this guy knows what he's doing He only gives from advice and he gives you the tools to to help you make the money which most people never do I mean, I actually have in my own coaching program where I teach people how to build the lists and promote themselves and do Just some branding and you know a build email market businesses. I have a guy who joined my program And he wanted to take a shortcut. He said you know while I follow your advice because it takes some time to build my own funnel I'll go to a power network. He signed up under somebody. He paid him a thousand bucks But never got me support never got me coaching and ended up wasting another thousand bucks on this opportunity Now, I'm sure this is not the case with uh, michael angeles because this guy actually is there. He's giving you the training like just, uh early on this webinar, uh, thank you You announced, uh another training webinar right that you're gonna be having so This is a very, uh Key component to important success as I see it where you got a team and you got a leader that tells you what you need to be doing right now, um, so Three things that you need to remember when when we're talking about, you know, future part of success Number one is you gotta have a unique sales funnel, which I think you do because uh, the last time I spoke to michael angeles He said it's he gives you a funnel Um, number two, you gotta do some personal follow-up and I'm not just talking about having like a follow-up sequence in your in your order So okay, I'm talking about real personal follow-up Befriending these guys befriending the people you want to you want to be to be joining you, uh in a power network simply because today There's so many Important fulfillers. There's hundreds of thousands of those people who try to get others to sign up under their links That the only way to differentiate yourself is to get personal with that prospect now, um And that also leads to another only way to make a line line with a partner which is selling high ticket packages Okay, so the reason for example, there is like the top 25 top earners, right? When you examine what they're doing You will see that most of them follow the same proven formula. They uh, they build their own team They create their own unique sales funnel They always have a a close and personal support Uh, and of course the follow-up Uh, inform either of skype private skype phone calls or webinars, right? And of course the only way to make a lot of money, which I actually I just found out about this Earlier this year. I've seen my business grow is to Um be able to sell high ticket packages now right off the bat I want to say this if you think you need to be like a super duper salesman to do it Trust me. You don't need to in fact. You don't need to sell anyone on anything Most of the selling is being done by the system By the important work and the rest should be done by the proof you bring to the table And of course you've been a part of the team. So when you bring someone on, you know, you have a reason for them To join under you in those high ticket packages Plus I will give you another tip at the end of this presentation To help you become even better salesman without again without being a salesman because I know lots of people think of the salesman Is it something bad? We actually have been conditioned from the very Early stages of our lives to say, you know, oh, no, don't talk to me the salesman You know, he just wants your money And so this is not a position where you want to be You want to be in a position of a trusted advisor? Right someone who can take someone's hand and guide them to To make money because let's just face it people want results people want to make money and if you're the guy to show These people how to do it. You're in a position where you can charge and you can tell them Okay, so join me under the my ticket package. I will show you how to sell your home my ticket packages And whatever you want from this To administering the webinar today make sure to Um Build on it. Okay. It's uh the the webinar loan will not make you rich The webinar loan is just give you the guidelines that you need to follow and start to open the right foot Well, you need to kind of evolve and take it to the next level And again, I will give you the the will allow you to take it to the next level in a few minutes So the solar manager now as I said you can make a fortune Uh by selling just 25 or 100 dollar packages in a partner is just not gonna happen Okay, the fortune is being made when you encourage your down line to sign up and For the 1000 3000 5000 then you know those high ticket packages Uh, however, the problem is Um, you cannot sell those high ticket packages Just through the solar trap to cry out the best So if you'd like set up a squeeze page and on the next page you have a you have an important book video selling them the $1,000 package is just not gonna happen. Okay, you will never be able to do it Most people can't afford a thousand dollars and you can take it from me I've been working with a lot of lots of people personally in the last 12 months They can afford a thousand dollars most of them can't afford three thousand dollars if they see The value in it and the only way to show the value Is to do it personally is to either get them on the phone to sit down with you one on one and for them to Ask you questions to get a feel for what kind of person or whether they can trust you or by Getting you know Them on to like webinars, which I'm not sure if you want to be doing because uh to be honest I'm still not a big kind of webinar myself in terms of you know getting people just to sell I like to do webinars for the training because that's for example I on on thursdays my coaching program. I have like coaching webinars to thursdays 6 p.m My time we sit down with a little training But when it comes to selling and when it comes to get getting people to sign up on high ticket packages I believe that it's best if you just sit down with them over Skype On a one-on-one call for them to feel comfortable with you for them to get a feel from you for them to ask you questions about Who you are what your journey is and then of course Following you know giving them the reason to sign up giving them a reason to get on the farm at work to answering their concerns and To make them feel special in a way because we're all wanting to special you all want to feel hurt and you know if you just hear the person out and Um acknowledge their needs and see if you can help them in the first place quick But if you can you can tell them you can I'm sure they're you will be able to close a lot of high ticket packages Um, and you know get yourself probably all those leaderboards For the top 25 You know others in the company By the way, I sure that's how all the All the you know David Wood and all these guys made it happen in those other companies Because they came in with a with an existing pool of customers Right, so you've got the easy money method And you've got the testimonial from one of those important creator You know founders You're interested in one about the the program the program is great, right? But he steps into the program with a pre-existing Set of customers that he's been working with personally Thus they are able to follow him into these companies. So when you're building your founder from downline What happens is you're actually building a very long term For your other businesses because let's face it the one that rookies just want biz off or mlm the way you want to call it and then Next one's going to be something else that's going to be something else. And so you'll be able to build multiple income streams if you simply um, get personal with your peaks and train them and give them value And give them a reason to stick with you Okay, because people don't want to connect with businesses. They don't want to connect with a power network as an opportunity They want to connect with other people they want to work with and and this is the position you want to be in If you want to make a lot of money so, uh, the solution to this the solution to you to turning solar traffic into Lots of money for yourself is my three three step formula that goes by uf plus e c plus p equal dns, right? So What this means is very simple uf is unique funnel just like I mentioned before Again, never use standard in product or pages or videos just it's it's been overused. It's been Saturated at this point. It's just not effective and it doesn't brand you As as somebody who's unique, you know, doesn't show any value of Why don't you join under you? I mean, there's like a million other people Who've given the same You know the same value. Why would the join under you? So you've got to give them an extra value and that extra is always you Your personality your health your attention your time and your expertise Now e c is educational content So you teach people about the benefits of impart network you show them some proof You know p is the proof so you show them some proof of you making money or if you're not making money yet You can show proof of Michelangelo making money, you know, so they join your team etc But you've got to show them some proof that people are making money with the partner With impart network, otherwise there's no reason for them to join you in the first place because that's what they're looking for I mean at the end of the day that is what they're looking for They're looking to make money and if you get proof to them that you're making money They will join you they will listen to your advice and of course the secret ingredient Is the personal follow-up again? I will be having this this point home a lot You got to get close in person with your With your members whether get them on the phone with you Get them on skype on facebook But it's just inevitable. Okay. This is not your traditional selling Over you just step in you sell a bunch of tapes for motivational speaking program or something and you just No, this is you forming partnerships for life. Okay, but you're gonna be able to take with you to other companies that you'll be Wanting to dominate in the future So the personal follow-up a little breakdown of that The email alone is no longer enough Unfortunately, you know, you cannot just have an email sequence in place and expect people to believe that it's you sending out the emails Everyone knows and understands there's all responders. There's you know codes and tags And that this email is going out to a bunch of other people at the same time so they don't buy it anymore So, uh, they are looking to connect with other people They can trust and the only way for them to know they can trust you is to actually just speak to you on the phone right so For example as a solo provider the solo seller I mail my list a lot And oftentimes I'll get those customers that say, you know, you all mail me 15 times per day You all promise me the world will never deliver Um, if you're really if you're for real talk to me, here's my cell phone, you know And they actually want you to talk to me. It's a cry for help You know, so why don't you ask the customer, you know before I ask you for the money before You know before I ask a penny for your money before I like sell you anything I want to make sure I can help you first. Why don't you give me a cell phone number? Why don't you add me on skype? Here's my ID. Why don't you you know, be friend me on facebook and you can set up a meeting and if you're if you're in Orlando You know, let's meet up for a cup of coffee and then you know, believe it or not It works It just works people want to trust people want to be heard and no matter how this industry changes by the way Doesn't matter This principle is going to stay the same. It doesn't matter what's the hardest opportunity. What's the hardest new software you can use Uh, what kind of squeeze pages you've got or anything This is the only way for you to make high commit high ticket sales and then score great commissions That you can reinvest back in your business or pretty much use it to you know to buy nice things Now you've got to move the customer from being on your email list To getting on your skype facebook friend list To getting on the phone with you. So it is it's a steady process, right? You don't get them from email on the phone right away You get them from the email to either skype or facebook first just a little, you know Text chatting that we're all used to on the internet And then move them over to having a phone call and expect if you set up the phone call If they kind of book a time for this phone call So in other words, don't just have a call right now right here but make them book a time in their calendar and their schedule To make sure by the time you do sit down with them on the phone There's nothing that interrupts them So you got their undivided attention and that you can devote as much time as necessary To get to know them and to see if they are important material right because some people will not be important material They may be looking for something else But most will because that is I mean important important for the reason important is It's very popular because it has this appeal or if you don't have need to build a website Don't need to do anything. You just send people here and will pay you 100 commission, right? That's the appeal and it appeals to you about 95 percent of people That are at the stage where they need to be making money. They want to be making money And of course Only by getting on the phone you're able to sell the high ticket packages Of course that will produce thousands of percent of our wine on your solo purchases Now, of course guys, I don't know how it usually works, but if you got questions, feel free to post them into the comment box Uh, I think I can I'm able to see them or uh, is there like a different rule you guys follow? Maybe you do it at the very end of presentation. Either way, you know, I'm cool. Yeah, whichever you like, Igor Well, then I prefer like if the question right is in your mind Feel free to kind of tap it in and I will make sure to address it. Okay. Thanks. So, uh, the personal follow up part too Now again, you don't need to be a salesman. Okay, I don't want you to be thinking about yourself because it fails That you'll be selling in part of that. No, you will not you will be you will be Pretty much making sure that the partner is the right fit for this person by asking them a series of questions Like what would what would you like to achieve with a part of work? How much money you've got to invest if you want in your business because obviously they need to buy traffic They need to invest in their business and you know anything else that you might Any other questions that you might see fit To qualify the prospect I don't want you to be just joining like asking everyone to join under you that's not the way to go Nobody will in fact mark twain once said I don't want to be a member of a club that wants me as their member Okay, so if you've got the team this brilliant team Michelangelo's team make sure that you qualify the person and don't just let anyone in Okay, that is how you get only the really hardcore motivated people in that are not just going to be joining you and sitting there complaining making your life hard but actually Joining and working and getting results Supplying you with more proof getting with more success stories. And of course If I'm correct the more money your download makes the more money you make And if that's how emerald works Now to be able to master this process of selling without selling You need to read this this book which I read just recently. It's called Can't teach a kid to ride a bike on a seminar by david h sandler And I urge you to just get on amazon.com right now and order that book because It's brilliant. Okay, uh, the guy the guy story is very simple. He used to be a salesman And I used to do lots of cold cold. That's what actually that's like pretty common thing level 11 as well called cold cold So he used to do lots of cold cold and he got tired of you know People evading him the people listening to his presentation, but then we're getting him an answer back, etc So he developed his own system to make the prospect. Okay sell himself Which is a brilliant concept actually It's extremely useful And so uh, if you just read the book and you follow the simple outline that he shares in it You will see that when you get on the phone you will not have to do any selling the customer will tell you exactly what they want How much money they've got and know that this is right for them and then you just have to say okay So just go here you sign up here and we'll get started or you will be immediately be immediately able to tell That this is not your guy that this is not something somebody will work with and just let them go now um Okay Now you just need one right ticket fail to cover multiple soloist purchases, which is a brilliant thing right? So let's just say you'll sell a thousand dollar package And then you covered lots of ground right there plus after you do take 30 percent of what you invest Of what you've got and what you earned and reinvest it into more traffic to rinse and repeat the process And that's you know a very simple way For you to grow your business really really fast because money gives you the age right the more money you make the more money You can reinvest and the deeper pocket you got the You know you got an upper hand over lots of your competitors that come on the very limited budget and again Take it from the guy who works with these people on absolutely Uh, well on on daily basis every single day get emails from people saying how they're like on a very long budget They can't spend money right now, but they want to make sales and upon that book and it's always the same story So instead of whining about it. I want you guys to to embrace this strategy And get yourself into a position where money is not a problem anymore. So you can quickly grow the business Okay, so that's uh, that's uh, the number one part of the presentation. Okay Now, um, okay, we've got a question from dan Uh, when I ordered a solo from you one one is delivery time right away. Okay. Well, um, actually we never got the part yet But just uh, just answer your question. No, it's not right away. It depends on the mailing schedule So huge to say you approach me today. You submit the order today. Uh, it's most likely gonna You know be sent out Within a course of three to four days Okay, it depends on the schedule if I'm hooked up ahead you're way weak If I'm not then I'll may be able to send tomorrow, but it's usually uh, like that We have to wait a couple of days before I can make you on I hope that that helps now So now we're moving into the second part of this webinar where I'm gonna Share some tips with you. We'll have to buy solo. It's okay some important tips for you to remember Uh, lots of common mistakes happening, you know, even though solo ads have been around for a while It just keeps you know the same thing over and over again. So I just like to point out a couple of things just in case Again, uh, this is just to save you lots of money lots of trouble lots of energy All right, so solo is one on one Just in case, you know, you don't know what solo ads are A solo ad is when a list owner sends out a promotion to their list on your behalf with a recommendation and link to your offer So if Dan will approach me today and say Igor I want to buy a solo I'd say okay. What's your link? He gives me the link. He's submit in order for a For a specific amount of of collecting what to receive and then I mail my list with his URL promoting his URL and um Pretty much guaranteeing to deliver a specific amount of unique visitors Over a specific period of time now in my case specifically I like to I like to use the word specifically if you didn't mention If you didn't pay attention just yet So in my case, uh, I guarantee delivery of your traffic wasn't within 72 hours of The moment it's being sent out. So if your uh solo goes out on a Thursday Um, I guarantee it will be delivered by Saturday or your money back. Okay, at least that's how I see And feel it should be done. Most people don't guarantee but I do Now, um, again the trustworthy vendors will always guarantee most of it But uh, a lot of the trustworthy people they do guarantee They do kind of reverse the risk and and take the chance of not making it Uh, and these are the people I recommend you deal with and on the very first level like when you just didn't start because There's a much higher chance you end up Creating like a long lasting relationship with that filler Rather than getting you know, uh, taking for a ride and You know being scammed for your money And of course a big part of why solo is are so cool Is uh, because it's one of 100 percent email traffic. Okay, there's no traffic exchanges or anything like that No block traffic. No exit pop traffic. It's 100 percent email traffic Now why solo ads pretty much a couple reasons? fairly logical they are affordable Uh, fast delivery of your traffic. So almost instant Uh, you can mail to almost any in-red marketing offer, right? Now, of course, if you're operating in a weight loss niche, which is on the case here But you know, solo is working the weight loss niche and the dating niche and the forex niche um, and the health and fitness niche as well in the self health niche. So um The like the reason this is a benefit is because like if you ever tried google pbc or yambo pbc or vain Um, you'll see that if you link to an affiliate link then you get bent if you link to a squeeze page You get bent so you can only promote a block That's pretty much it. You know only a block so With solo ads you can mail anywhere you can mail to a blog which but it's not recommended that you do You can mail to a squeeze page sales pages the old video or form post at w. So whatever you want There's no penalties. There's no obviously not that the the list owner makes Like whatever they want to mail or not and a lot of them will actually not mail to a power network Uh, which is uh, one of the reasons why you don't ever use the standard pages. They give you Uh, but again, there's much more flexibility going on when you solo ads than if you use like a traditional ppc on on facebook or google Um, right. So, uh, again, you're not getting bent. Okay, no one will get you bent Uh, you get exactly what you pay for so as I said, uh before You're being guaranteed a specific amount of visitors in a specific time frame Most of the time by trusted vendors So you get what you pay for if you don't get it. You either get your money back or You know, the if the seller is legit. He'll he'll make things right for you Now it's perfect for list building. So if you're looking to build your list fast on a shoestring budget Solo ads is the way to go. Okay, officially. It's been actually Pretty obvious that solo ads is the way it's the best and the fastest way to build a list in 2013 actually Um, ryan dies on his last, uh, traffic and conversion summit, uh, which I don't know if you've been there or not But I've been watching the live stream. He said that to this day um, they Never found a like a more effective way to build a list or to kind of Aquarantine customers than mailing lists, okay Main list is the number one preferred way of of traffic generation by today's most influential marketers and of course most honest Vendors who care about their customers always over deliver which means if you pay for 100 clicks Um, you'll get 120 or 110 if you pay for 500 clicks you'll get 550 560 You know, so uh, you will most of the time at the service legit again, you will get More than you pay for it Now a couple things to be aware of There's can you when there's vendors around and that's the reason why michael angelo's rolodex of solo sellers is only limited to three people, right? Um, now when abused by vendors conversions may suffer So like that that's what happened initially with empower network when you just started last year Everyone will go ahead and go ahead and buy souls from partner group and everyone would go ahead and allow To mail their list with empower network. So within just a month Like the whole community of the solar swap committee was Sick and tired of empower network and whenever they would mail the list It would just get pathetic optimates and pathetic results of today um You know, it's really hard to find vendors Who are able to agree to mail to empower network just for that reason because lots of them A lot of them are you know abused this opportunity However, again, if you just do the If you just follow the approach I shared with you a few minutes ago, you should not be in trouble now Lots of non-biotrafic floating around. So uh, i'm sure michael angelo can testify to this Um, a lot of the a big chunk of solo web traffic will be used just to build your list, right? um A lot of it is not biotrafic. Lots of these people are broke Or if they they they sound broke because they want to spend money on you know, on digital offers But of course when you get with them on the phone almost everyone can afford a thousand dollars I mean that's just a proven statistic that I Found out last year almost anyone even if they say they're broke can't do at least a thousand bucks. So Um, when you get them on the phone when you get people to connect with you do not ever Uh, do not ever kind of let anyone go without making sure uh, that uh That you at least make enough now, um I'm not sure I get the question like oh my god. Can you kind of maybe can you phrase that for me? I Eagle I was just saying real quick Not to the top but the you know the niche adjourning landing page that I always use my team use I was just gonna share that's why it works so good because we're not saying to empower network We're sending to a free software, right? Maybe you can comment a little bit on that And yes, yes, I agree with that not to mention that you are the only guy Yeah in the whole industry that doesn't have this offer which makes it Um, a very not saturated thing. That is why like when I teach my students to build a list I say first thing you do you create a unique offer. Okay Like the first thing you do you don't like send to a flip links or w shows You create your own unique funnel and that's the only way to go because otherwise It'll be just like millions of other people growing in all those affiliate profits So that is why when you guys are promoting the niche ad generator it's limited to just the members of the Of the of the team Which means there's a much higher chance that this offer is unique and it's being sent out to subscribers that have never seen it before now um One thing that that is really important for your turnover. Okay, but this is something many people miss Is that people will not protect you? Um people that not protect buyers When they are being scammed on a digital purchase or a service purchase. So um, so let falls into the category of services and if if the The vendor scams you doesn't deliver on the clicks and stops replying to your messages, which sometimes doesn't happen Um, you are not being able to request help from PayPal And that is why what you need to do is make sure whenever you pay for a solo including myself by the way, you know, because Well, I'm not looking for any trouble And oftentimes if the customer is not satisfied, I will make things right or we'll end up refunding but um, whenever you pay for a solo make sure you pay with your credit cards as the funds are streamed out the PayPal balance the credit card because um PayPal will never find A a credit card charge back. So that's a victory for you. You want to write this down? If you get scammed you will be able to simply submit a charge back to credit card company Okay, and get that money back from the credit card company as well as leaving the the solo vendor Uh in the rest of 20 bucks because he will be charged an extra fee by PayPal to resolve this This charge back. Of course, I don't think you should be abusing this and scamming, you know vendors because you end up being blacklisted Uh, however, if if someone really does scam you and doesn't deliver the clips and doesn't want to make things right for you And doesn't even respond to your emails That's the only way for you to to make, you know, to pretty much get your money back. That's rightfully yours um, and So again, use the funding source the credit card needs to be the funding source not the PayPal balance the credit card and uh, the good news is that If you just follow my simple instructions that i'm going to be laying out in the next couple of slides You should not have any problems. Okay, you you should be able to Not get scammed by anyone Now before you spend a penny, okay, please make sure That your final is properly set up literally so if you're using the niche atarian and squeeze page Make sure that the web form is function, you know, just uh Opt in, you know opt in yourself with your own email. See if you get transferred to the next page See if the opt in registers in your regular account See if everything's working correctly. See if you're blinded by this board, right? Oftentimes, I'll you know, I'll get a message from a customer that says ego and everything I made no opt in zone on the soul and like how can be possible? We sent you 200 clicks and they on the page looks okay. The main should convert at least 30% And the guy says, you know, I don't know just never registered any options. And so what I do I go ahead and I opt in on the page And oftentimes what happens is, you know, it says the list isn't active or the web form isn't working And so then the soul is lost now Obviously, I will try and make something, you know Make something right for the customer by maybe sending him an extra 50 clicks or 100 clicks But the solo is lost. Okay. The money is paid for the solo is now lost because he just didn't take the extra few minutes to check If this phone was functioning properly now, I also recommend to set up a tracking place to track the clicks um, in other words, um by viewer.com Atrex gold or does also click clicks tracks. I think that the service is called That you can track the the click. So that this way You will know exactly how many uh uniquely there's your You know, the soul of understand your way Oftentimes people don't track it and they simply have no idea how the soul performed They have no idea on any clicks they received and that's not the way to go when you buy advertising And just not about solace if you buy any kind of advertising or do any kind of track generation You want to always be with your finger on the pulse, you know Making sure that you're getting your money's worth and that your traffic is converted And of course, I will mention this one more time your funding source when paying for a soul should be The credit card on the table balance So before you spend a penny part two Number one, you need to check the vendor reduced by golden of their name plus solo ad um, oftentimes, uh, you'll find either a waveform thread or blog posts from other you know, models who are blogging about their solar purchases sharing reviews now, I would go You know, I would recommend a gang trusting staples.com reviews Because staples.com as a rule Are very biased reviews in other words people swap each other and you know for for them to receive a good Uh, that good, you know rating they give a good rating to the other guy without actually thinking he's good or not Actually had a swap with uh with a guy. His name is um I think you know, uh, john legub denicus. Uh, it's pretty famous on the safe swaps and the first state the first swap We had with the guy he said to me. Hey, gore. Uh, I think your traffic is crap You know, but I'm still gonna give you a positive review Just so you give me a positive review and we'll just never swap again. Oh, okay, you know, and then from that point, I understood what's going on Michael entle Go ahead. Okay from that point on I understood what's going on here because Well If you just give me a good rating just so I gave you a good one It means everyone's doing it and so you can never trust a safe swaps review So if you go now on the solo vendor page most of them have pages and they kind of put up put like a screenshot like this Saying, you know, here's my reviews and you got all these safe swaps. I can say thumbs up thumbs up Chances are they don't really have real solo testimonials and so they're just leveraging their safe swaps readings Which are biased anyway Just to create an illusion All proof that their solos are good because I'm gonna show you an example of what is a good solo review and just actually let me do it right now So my plan is to make sure the guys can see my screen, right? All right, you want desktop share just click on share and then desktop At the top you'll see share and then you'll see desktop. Yeah Very cool. And then you can just Okay, I'm gonna move this one real quick So if we go to my Solo thread, I'm gonna I want to show you what is a a good solo review. Okay Uh, it's it's something that is actually talking about the solo and the result the person is getting so in my thread You can see I've got 100 clicks and about 118 right so what the thing I've been talking about the over delivery Uh, just that I got nearly 40% off the rate. I'm totally happy with this service and we'll be back So this is a good testimony because it talks about the experience as well as it has real members posting Hey, can I interrupt you real quick iglor? Sure. Yeah, can you just let us know What's the successful solo ad opt in 30 40 percent? I mean, I know our nag does like 40 percent easy, but what would you consider successful? What can we be happy with? Well, uh depends on on you to be honest because if I get 30 percent today, I'm not happy You know, I'm aiming for 50 as well as I tell my students to do it But uh, most people are happy with 20 percent and 30 percent. I personally think if your page is converting less than 35 percent Um, you gotta do something about it. So 40 plus is good 40 percent plus is good 40 percent is is great Actually, it's a pretty it's a pretty good result And it's sustained over time which is important if you run a serious solo ad And it's sustained 40 all the time then it's a very solid opt-in page because sometimes I've been getting reports from my students that you know They get 50 then 30 then 20 then 50 then 40 and so it jumps now if your page is consistent 40 percent Then I believe it's a pretty good page. Okay, great. Thanks All right, so another example of a testimonial Thank you for another awesome solo run appreciate it's over delivery your response is quick and the results of jobs getting 45 options And how to call it so let we'll get back to motion. That is uh, that is what's called The uh a good testimonial not something that is like great solo thumbs up that is not I don't feel that it's a good testimonial um Oh Look at me You're trying again. What are you trying to? I wanted to go back to share in the presentation. Okay. Go up there at the top and click return the very top Um, is that done? the return Not sure if you return At the very top here i'm i'm gonna make myself present and return it then Hang on real quick Yeah, I'm gonna say maybe stop sharing. Yeah. Yeah stop sharing. There you go. Oh, there we go. Sorry. Yeah All right, so uh business. I mean you've just seen uh examples of good reviews These are kind of reasons you want to see and read before you buy your solo now Another thing you want to be doing is that you want to email the vendor Before purchasing show him do you offer your URL and ask him a few simple questions? Okay? For example, did you mail this offer before? You know, if so when was the last time because if you're big if you're gonna be using say, uh, niche generator Um, you run the risk of overlapping with another, uh, you know, a member of the team And the vendor will not will not tell you if you ask him to I mean I'm sorry if he will not tell you if you don't ask them to tell you most people are really honest and they're really They really try to take care of their list and so most of them will tell you oh, yeah, I ran this off like two weeks ago you know, uh, so if if there's been like Less than two weeks apart from the previous sold the rent for the software I'd recommend from withholding and waiting until enough time as fast for them to replenish the list with you Now, um another question. Where can I sign up on your list too? So I can receive the email when it goes out Now, um, that is a question most people most vendors don't like especially the ones who have something to hide So, uh, that's a very good question to ask Just to check if the vendor is actually legit because in the last year lots of solo vendors kind of sprung it like mushrooms after after rain and There's very hard to tell honest guys from from from dishonest guys and so the the honest people will have no problem for you opting into their list And being on the list when when they mail it out Now, uh, will you be using my swipe or will you write your own now? This is different from vendor to vendor? Okay, personally I always write my own um, for example, um, but some people will send your swipes So it varies but it's best to check just so you know Now, uh, what's the estimated delivery time frame when I order and in certain number of clicks here What happens if you can do it within the every time frame? So as I said again, I personally I guarantee so if I cannot deliver the traffic in 72 hours Then you know, I give you the money back or we sit down and we work out For me to reset the traffic now. Thankfully I have yet to fail the deadline however, um This is not the case with a lot of sellers and some will sell more traffic than they can deliver as some will kind of Well, I've dealt with them personally and my students too. Uh, basically you cannot This is a question you cannot afford not to ask. Okay You absolutely need to come to an agreement before mine is being exchanged here because otherwise you may Uh, you may be risking to end up chasing the guy for the clicks for a long long time Um, all right, so Greg is asking what are swipes dustin's reply? Email that goes out. So it's like the email creative, right? So when you get an email you see like the subject mind then the whole swipe for you got the link and the promotion Well, that is the swipe that's called swipe or not was the creative and ego Just so no every time I've done a and I've committed to do solo ads with you But every time I've done a solo with you, I just send you the link and you take care of everything else the swipe everything So, yeah, yeah with me as I said, I write my own swipes and I have to Just because I guarantee the clicks right because I am absolutely obligated to deliver those clicks I prefer to take control over the swipe and write my own Plus not to mention I believe the reason why a lot of people are having rich assaults in my soul is because I write very personal emails Like the other day I wrote an email about my mother-in-law. You're telling how she's a witch and stuff What? So uh Yeah, so, um It's a part of my marketing. Um, well persona, I guess where I I want to position myself differently And that's what you guys can do as well when you pull the list Uh, send out those personal emails because that is the only thing that makes it different I mean, there's there's other guys just like me who sell souls There's other guys like Michelangelo who are running like big upon helpful teams and then helping lots of people to make money There's a lot of guys Like like us, but the only way for us to differentiate ourselves is for our personality, you know, and you cannot you know Confuse Michelangelo for example with anyone right because of uh this massive massive personality just cracks the screen Anytime you speak to him. So this is how you kind of set yourself apart from a lot of marketers out there By attracting your kind of customer, right? I'm not saying you should be attracting everyone It's just you attract your kind of customer the people you enjoy working with and then you build not just a profitable business But a business that is also very Fulfilling at the same time. Hey Igor. I gotta say this. I gotta say this because I admit I was like I was like, what the hell when um, you know, I was buying solo ads from you, right? And I'm like, hey man, I'm about to um Introduce you to my uis listen that you know, they respond and I said, what's your affiliate program? And you said I don't have an affiliate program and I'm like, I was like, what the hell man? I'm sending you people, right? But now Igor I'm like, oh my god. That's the greatest thing I wouldn't do a solo ad from this person who like has an affiliate program because you can't trust him So I was like, wow now it makes sense because you're you know, you're not in the game of like an affiliate market As far as make helping people make money from so as you're into delivering real traffic And I I get that now but at first I was mad but now I'm so glad you don't have anything like that Well, uh, I'm I'm really happy that we kind of aligned ourselves here. Uh, yeah, I don't to be honest I never needed one And because I just don't feel that you know, if you believe that my solos are good You will refer me to your friends. That's just the nature of the business If you don't then we don't actually I do have a couple of you know, um bad customer experiences like One guy was extremely mad with me and he's obviously not gonna send me customers at the same time, you know, you see my schedule Usually I've looked up ahead. So I don't feel that I need one not to mention that you you said it, right? I mean, I could have even said it better than you did that if I just worked on In sending wise people to send me leaves for the sake of the cash It's not gonna build me a sustainable I really helped a business where both I make money and my customer does because if my customer does not get results If I'm if all I'm after here is the money Um, it's just not gonna work long term and I've seen solos vendors overlook this rule It's a very simple rule that you never never overlook and I've seen people have their businesses simply Die, okay. They have the traffic. They have the list But they don't take care of you of their customers and they just love the business pretty quickly Um, and you know, I'm really happy that you feel this way. I mean, I'm really happy and I'm sure that Um, it's down the road as I'll get you know more Members come to me for solo ads. I will do my best to do the same Because that is the philosophy that any solo vendor any legit solo vendor needs to embrace. Okay, and that's why I teach my students too. By the way Um Once we were done with the webinar Um, I will get together with michael angelo and we made a set up a special script from Uh, where you guys be able to get discounted solo ads. Oh, that would be awesome. I'll be awesome And of course, you know, if my students are We'll try to to pull one over. Yeah I'll be there just putting in and and make things right And there's a question right there gary says if you don't have a lot of money you went over this But I mean that people can start with the smaller amount of clicks and and build a list, right? I mean, you've seen it done where someone doesn't have that much money They can spend minimum amount of you know, whatever you cost you for me and build a list, correct Well, yeah, I mean I started only seemingly with a budget that was working two jobs And uh, I I had barely maybe a couple hundred bucks for a month to spend on traffic But that is why before sharing tips on how to buy the solo ads I shared tips on how to monetize them Because if you got a solid back end in place before you start buying and you you're able to turn a solo into a high ticket fail You're then able to grab the money you made with the solo and we invested rather than you know reaching deeper into your pocket all the time Make sense Um Friends are asking how many what's the lowest amount of chart? lowest amounts of traffic I can do how much you charge for it actually I will share my uh, solo as url at the end of this presentation and it's inside us Igor it's also inside us. You're okay. Oh, yeah, you got you're in there So folks you can go to us solo ads and he's one of the three and he's the one i'm always Hammering for y'all to get so all his information is there Okay, um Okay, I will trust me if you just contact me and you mentioned that you come from the university of modern science And that's your friend and michael angelo I will do my best to work out a better deal Whether it's by discounting you a bit or maybe sending an extra traffic on top of your order either way You know we'll get your cost per click down From what you know the mortals have to pay anyway, um And uh, you gotta remember something um, if you if if the vendor you're contacting him um Andrea, I'm sorry. Let me stop right here for a moment. Andrea. Yes, you did mention University of modern science and it's my bad because my assistant was the one handling the whole order uh, oops Okay, my my computer actually only wanted to sleep on um, and my sister was the one handling So just send me another email to mine me and I will send you an extra Uh that clicks with your order. So getting basically your average cost per click down Overall, okay sounds good. All right, let's roll you go. Let's roll you got some more frames slides Oh, yeah, uh, so before I continue make sure that you know if the if the vendor starts acting funny about answering these questions Beware, okay, just be aware Now um before I spend a penny for three I recommend buying in small chunks up to 300 to 500 clicks at a time Okay, don't go berserking by a thousand or two thousand clicks right away unless Unless you got a test funnel and the vendor you're working with is also a proven guy who you know Not gonna be schooling you over now. Um The very first buy with a vendor should be around to our clicks. Okay, uh, just to test this traffic If it's good, you cannot scale if not, you just give them Um, I recommend any traffic to a squeeze pitch first Don't send it directly to sales pages Because you will not be able to pocket the follow-up cash, which is very very important And once the order is submitted make sure to forward a clock tracking link for the vendor Just to make sure you know how many clicks you send and you throw out the solo add as well as make sure to find out What's the what's the send out date? Okay, very important. You you want to be held in the loop about everything regarding your purchase No, uh, I I wanted a little break for q&a in case you guys got any questions Um, oh, yeah, Dan is asking. Um, how do you pronounce your last name? I'll do the testimony video. I don't want to mark it up. Well, uh You can say uh Kyvus, you know, that's that's the easiest way for guys who are not from washington or ukraine to pronounce it So you just say Igor Kyvus. Okay, and thank you for the testimonial then William is asking, uh, do you like safe swaps? If not, who do you like? Well, uh, thing is I don't as I already said because lots of views there are biased However, it doesn't mean you shouldn't be using it. You just you need to be really careful about doing so. Um, I do most of my Uh, uh solo at purchasing from the classified section of the waveform and from the skype rooms Um, and of course, you know once we serve this the special skype room for you guys With my students you will be able to connect with them and they will be able to kind of connect you to those additional skype From this world. Awesome. I'll put that skype room in the back of your ass. Hey Igor. Here's the biggest question How do you drive? How do you collect emails? How do you build your list? Well, uh, very simple. I got funnels that lead to my products and uh, pretty much tried to raise the same Um, the same principles I shared today So I got a squeeze page leads to the sales page of an upsell to make me some money back That leads to another upsell to again helping to recuperate my investment and eventually I may be even looking to uh, to get those those customers into my high ticket coaching program So if they go through this whole funnel just one or two night ticket sales Bam, I cover my solo at buying costs plus Let's not forget that since my list is kind of big, right? I can split the portion Use it to sell solo it another portion to uh swap Right and so again, as I said, I use the chat rooms and um, the the word form as well At the jv section and a little bit of say swaps. I'm I'm not saying that I'm not using at all But a little bit of say swaps to set up some swaps for the month Let me just quickly run through the questions real quick Igor if say I say hey Igor I'm going to do a solo at a thousand clicks, but I want it just to be um, usa traffic Can you do that or specific traffic? Australia traffic or actually? Yeah? Yeah, I do have the software in place to kind of segment the countries Um, however, it's going to be pricey that my regular traffic So if you're just buying for me the very first time I recommend going with my regular solos Just to test me out if my list converts for you then great We can move forward and I can you know, we can discuss the the geo targeting But if not, then you know not so because again, I want you to be maximizing your r y but for for maximizing our conversions for Empower Network would Do you think that might get better conversions or no? Have you seen it? Well, um, as far as I know Empower Network is a global opportunity It is it is. Yeah So there doesn't really make sense to spend more money on the solo if you can still grab, you know, uh Traffic from Eastern Europe or something to turn it into sale However, you mentioned that you're going to be using the same technology as you are Turn it into sale. However, you mentioned right and you know, there's a higher chance that a person from the United States Is going to be able to afford 25 dollars in a person from say Israel because for an Israeli guy It's a hundred shekels And that is something you can go to a grocery store and buy a whole you know, three four days worth of food so, um It's really up to you to test it out Wouldn't point at work again, I'd recommend going with the general traffic However, if you're in opportunities where it's only for the United States or only Canada or only the United Kingdom Then yeah, it makes sense to get just that kind of traffic, of course, okay Um, uh, Clint is asking whether the word form is the best place to buy a solo ads Well, it's one of the top two places for sure one of them is the word from the other ones the sky rooms um And and the from the other one is you Igor the other one is you What the hell the other one I thought you were gonna say that worry for me than you Well, I'm I'm on the word form. I'm on the skype chat rooms. So you cannot miss him Okay, you said it yourself when you get on the word form no way you miss you know, so, uh, I'm not worried about that And again, uh, the goal of this call Is not to promote myself it is in a way, of course Let's you know, I'm not gonna insult your intelligence tell you that you know, I'm coming here without any kind of intention to position myself as a you know at the solo guy But it's also about educating you guys to To maximize your return on investment It's very important because unless you can make the solos work you will lose faith in all the solos You know, uh, and nobody makes money. So I want you to be educated about how to really how you need to read about them Okay, uh, by the way, uh VL don't go anywhere. We're not done yet. Okay Man, a lot of the group is so active when I hold my training webinars on Thursdays It's it's really hard to get people to comment or anything, but you know this time is just, uh So easy All right, so Let me just get a sip of water All right, so where and how to buy I'm gonna go to the next one All right, so where and how to buy the word reform classified ad section Um, you know, you may get burned. Okay, but most vendors will take the time and effort to set up a proper classified uh In deliver pretty much, you know the guys who just uh They will want to scam you most of them will not set up a proper classified ad The ones who do want to deliver and want to build a real business they will plus they got tons of use Okay, so if you see a vendor starting the thread but he's got no reviews for most of his comments is like p.m. Me of prices p.m. Your prices You don't want to buy from me only want to buy from people who got lots of comments detailed comments about the experience Um, uh, of their solo ads Staveswaves.com again, uh, you can find traffic much cheaper than the word reform, but the rating system is screwed up So, um, be careful. You can still find some good sellers. You know my sins have been reporting finding some really nice value But Be extremely careful and my personal favorite is the secret skype communities And again as a member of the program we will set up a room for you and you know, we'll post the link to the to the back office Uh, I think there's it's possible to set up like a link where it takes it directly to the skype Awesome, three or this one. Awesome. And there's also a site called reform solo ad directory That you can just google you just go in and you google solo ad directory I'm sorry Reef flooring however, it it hasn't been updated for a while. So make sure to read reviews Before use of that in order before you trust any start and read usually post like, uh, how much he paid What was his alternate and what was the cost per click that he spent? I'm sorry cost per per lead that he spent Now an example of of a um of a good classified that you should Be buying from okay, so let me kind of just move this one here over my face So Um, this thread right here where it says dr. Bruce's solo ads 50 to 200 clicks And can you see that he's got 13177 views? 77 views and 38 comments Now this is a good thread. Okay, because he's got lots and lots of comments, which means he's legit Obviously if you just step into the thread and you can see the positive comments, that's even better Um, jeffy baxter right here Says will he solo it some of the biggest names in the industry why from me and he's also got 24 comments Uh, I know well first. I just know the guy so I know he's legit Now this one right here and says rash and so it's available now I call the low price rate slots going fast and he's only got three comments and 213 views Um, this is something you want to stay away from at this point. I'm not saying he's a bad vendor I'm just saying that he's not credible enough for you to spend money with him Also one more rule that you should remember If the price tag seems too good to be true meaning less than 30 cents per click Or even 30 cents per click, you know It might be the case, you know, it might be to get to features. So lots of scanning vendors they kind of get you to buy from them just based on the price tag You don't want to do that. You want to make sure That their testimonials and reviews are there. Plus you can drop me a message maybe Or drop Michelangelo a message and add him, you know, did you buy from this guy? Is he legit, etc? Now, um, uh, we're on how to buy part two So the price ranges from about 30 cents cost per click to 75 cost per click As a rule higher price will mean higher quality, but there's plenty of underpriced solids There are some don't jump on the most expensive one right away in other words There may be those people who are pricing themselves low because they just don't know our prices themselves high, you know So don't discard absolutely everyone Make sure to follow some of the initial guidelines on this presentation to double check if the vendor is legit Um, now, uh, what is our why our why is money spent versus the money earned? And the reason I'm I'm you know, giving you a short explanation is because after the first send with any vendor you need to calculate your ROI And uh, I recommend to keep buying with the From a vendor if you make a piece 50 of your money back with this traffic in other words, you know In your case, of course, if you only calculate the ROI after you follow up on the lead to generate from the solo, right? So you don't do like the next day But make sure that you don't reinvest into solo as it did not prove to be profitable for you. Okay now Ego real quick on your promotion by morning other products to your list for commission So you vote the list not everyone will join your father for tea. So what you can do you can get up jbsoe.com where plus.com page free dot com and promote Filiate products cheap affiliate products to try and make some money back off of that promotion. Ego Ego real quick You ready? So, you know that our end goal is to build There's a lot of people here that are not in power network, but because not everyone uis is in power network, but For most part the team members in power network our end goal would be to get signups Right and I tell my team look when you buy a solo ad Don't start emailing me tomorrow that you got 300 Opt-ins, but you got no sales because it takes time for my video emails which convert like crazy to kick in correct so how many and How many what price range should we find like you said a jb zoo click bank or something product to put in our Campaign or follow-up sequence to help get the money back. How many of those mixed with the empower network do you believe? Well, um without being distracted. You don't really look at the price tag Without the second name. Yeah. Yeah. Well, then you better look for products that complement your partner So like important work is a is a list building opportunity and a money making opportunity So if the person is using say blogging to promote it, you may want to you know Want to do some you want to film some plugins that allow them to post at the top of their blog to promote their power network link You know if you're going to be targeting a power network Customers with your promotions then every time you promote a product you have to explain in your email How does this specific product help you make more money in the power network? Make sense. Okay, great. Yeah That's so and also make sure that when you choose an affiliate product to promote that his e p c which is earning per click Which is a this the tip that you can see inside of the inside of the Panel right the jb zone word plus panels Is above 50 cents per click? Okay, make sure to do that because otherwise we'll be promoting an offer doesn't convert and you will not be funny. Okay, great now um Ralph miller wants to know can you give me an example of a pay-per-ly program? Well an example of a pay-per-ly program is when you get paid per action taken by the customer In other words, if the customer enters a zip code into a page cpa. We know i cpa cpa. Well, yeah You can't they call correction. That's something you get paid. Yeah Uh, where do you get paid per-ly progress? Well, uh, I think you can get a couple of them on safe swaps And you may want to check out the warrior forum affiliate. I have a whole cpa thing back there in uis I have it All right, so uh when the customer doesn't buy your product by the way In your follow-up sequence you want to share some personal contact information again It ties in with what i've been saying about um following up on the personal level because If you just connect with them personally you you have a much higher chance of closing that fail and building relationship effects Um, I think I met michael angelo By him buying my insulin is going four mil of back then and then we connected by skype after that Right and so look at this now like two two and a half years later. We're doing a webinar together. So make sure to connect with your prospect because You have no idea how much money has been left on the table because a lot of people are just too lazy To take the time to connect and get to know their prospects for any reason And that's pretty much it uh, that's you know where my um, my uh, value sharing presentation comes to an end um, maybe there's some more questions. Let me die forgot to to Answer or any other questions that may have popped up and by the way, this will be in about as soon as I get back from my morning Workout because you know, I'm operation slim gym trying to get skinny, but uh As soon as I get back this will be up inside the uis diamond campus This webinar this webinar replay But and that's his email right there and that's his where he buys a so where you buy the solo ads Which can also be found inside uis, but Igor man, we gotta do another one This was so to be honest with you. You blew me away with pure content. I mean pure content It was awesome Igor Well, man, you know, I like to give to give back I mean you obviously sent lots of business my way and you've been buying lots of souls That's the least I can do not to mention that It's just so much easier to be a solo vendor and to deal with customers and to help them grow their business If they are educated about what's going on, right? Because you'd be amazed but 90 of my customers come in they have no clue I mean they joined some opportunities saying me call Pia or something and they come to me because My name is on some kind of list and they say I want to buy a solo And you know, they had no idea what's happening. I can literally take advantage, but I don't want to I want my people to be happy so I hope that you know, you guys took notes on the webinar you you'll get the presentation for points and recording So you just take notes and you'll be educated about what you're doing with your money in your business Allow me you to grow faster and allowing you to grow Strong relationship with the vendors because you will be using them for a long time. Trust me I mean I've got customers who've been buying from me for two years and like straight because they keep joining other Opportunities they have other products coming out and they keep coming back Because they like to work with me and so this is what I wish for you to find, you know Those couple of vendors who you can trust Even if it's not me that you can work on a long-term basis to keep growing your business to keep making more money and you know and Yeah, you know, I'll make just growing and growing and growing now. We're going doing another one Yeah, we're gonna do it because as I promised there's the free traffic part that we weren't able to cover this one So we'll get together and set up a time for it, right? And listen, I gotta tell you Hey, by the way, I mean I I just got I did 500 clicks the other day from Igor I killed it. I showed you all live on my webinar. So you didn't have to take my word for it But um husbands tell your wife no more going out to eat. Listen, this valentine's day Get your wives clicks Get your wives clicks not chocolate clicks Yep All right And wives do the same thing happy click day Click day y'all get clicks you collect clicks. Hey, thanks a lot Igor. Have a great time in Israel, man Thank you for showing up All right, thank you