This is kind of a formula to figure out how much money and how much work you actually have to do. Cool. So page nine is this graph. One of my early mentors, the guy in Dan Kennedy, I'm sure I'll talk about him a lot. And I try, I want to preface this as well. Throughout this event, I'm going to teach you guys a lot of cool stuff. Some of it's mine, a lot of it's not. Okay. I've learned from some amazing coaches and mentors and I will always try to give credit for anything that I learn from somebody else anytime I can. Just this kind of way that I roll. But Dan Kennedy one time, I heard him talking. He said that, he used to say, what's your number, Russell? I'm like, what do you mean? He's like, well, how much do you need to make? It's like, I don't know. Much as I can. He's like, you've got the entrepreneurial problem. He said, all these entrepreneurs want to make as much as they can. Because of that, you get it, because think about it. When we first get into business, what's the reason for us getting into business? Money for some people. It's freedom. Get away from your boss. More time with your family. We have all these reasons why we get into this business. But then you get into business and it's actually kind of fun, don't you think? It's almost like gambling. You're putting stuff in and it's just like this thing where it becomes obsessive and suddenly this thing you created to give you more free time becomes the thing that consumes all of your time. I've struggled with that a lot. A lot of people do. When he was talking about this, he said, if you're not careful, this will become your entire life. You're giving you hell, dear. The reason why you got into this business, you will lose because of it. You've got to have a number. You have to have that number in your head. I started thinking about that. I was like, okay, what's my number? What's that thing I'm working towards? I didn't have a number at the time. So I kind of sat back and I was thinking, well, how much money do I actually need? Do I need? I asked a lot of the guys, I've done the intake calls. I always ask you guys this. I get all sorts of interesting responses. I had some of them today. He might be here. I can't remember for sure. I'm going to tease you if you are. I was like, how much money do you need? He's like, five million bucks. I'm like, five million bucks. Okay, you want to make five million bucks? No, I need take home five million dollars. I'm like, you need to take home five million dollars? Like what? He's like, yeah. So after advertising, everything, I need a million dollars in my bank account this year. I'm like, wow. Like, well, if you take home a million, five million, you've got to make, I don't know, like 30 million. Like, that's just not the thing. I'm like, and why did he five million dollars? What are you five million dollars for? And he starts going all like, man, I was like, okay, I want to actually make five million would myself very powerful. And then you do has that 96 percent potential of being CEO of other families is gonna be a problem. And he's like, okay, we have hopefully really short game nuclei, okay? I know you don't sell that but that's good but all right, we're gonna be really strong in making projects like this be less likely to change customers. We're gonna be more likely more likely to be stronger in our personal life. And it's what we're looking for today. It's a 2K a month. It's a 2K. How about a house? Who wants a nice house? Two million dollar house. What's the house payment on two million dollar house? Okay. 12K, you can have a two million dollar. 12K a month, two million dollar house. Who wants a Ferrari? Do not get a Ferrari. I have one. They're the worst freaking car on earth. Seriously, it's got 31,000 miles. I've driven it six days. It's been in the shop three times so far. Don't buy a Ferrari. It looks nice. I was telling my wife, I was like, I know what it feels like to be a smoking hot girl now because I drive down the road and the girls don't notice you. None of them do. They just drive by it. But all the guys are like, oh, honk in, like, pulling your camera out, like, me driving it from my house to the shop. I had three people who pulled next to me to Hakin' Pictures and like, speaking out like calling in, I'm like, are you kidding me? I know what it feels like to be a hot girl now. And it's really exciting. Like, you guys are lucky. Like, I wish that I could have felt that earlier in my life. So let's say you want a car like a Ferrari, but it's not a Ferrari. Okay, like, what's a Tesla? Let's do Tesla, right? That's pretty cool. Okay, and you got all the other cool things. So a Tesla, what's that? $1,200 a month? Okay, what else do you guys want? No debt? Okay, so get rid of your debt. Let's say your debt payments $1,000 a month. Vacations? Okay, how many vacations do you want to do? I shouldn't ask you this. You're like a junkie with this kind of stuff. This is someone, by the way, who has crafted a lifestyle business. Yesterday, we're like, hey, she did this. She's like, nah, I didn't get in this business to work. All right, well, that's good for you. Okay, let's say you spend $2,000 a month on, so that's like $20,000 a year on vacations. I think $20,000 a year can feed you, hopefully. Well, for average humans, can you guys handle $20,000 a year on vacation money? All right, so let's just, and then you got your other random stuff. Let's just put like 5K a month for random stuff, whatever it is, right? So you do the math on this. Okay, I should have been 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18. So when all's said and done, let's say we're about 20K a month. Okay, 20K a month, did she guys know? That's a lot of money. I don't live on 20K a month. I live on about half of that, and I live pretty dang nice. Okay, 20K a month, if you get a business making you, you take, not netting 20K, but your take home is 20K a month, you can live an extraordinary life. You can travel wherever it is you want, you can live in whatever house you want, you can drive whatever car you want, you can put your kids in the nice of school, you can do everything you want on 20K a month. You do not need more money than that. Okay, some of you guys think you do, but you don't, I promise you that. Now I'm not against you guys making more than that, but I'm saying this is the number that we should all be focusing on, because that's when you're free. Okay, financial freedom is here. With this kind of 20K a month, that gives you enough where you're putting at least 10K a month into the bank just sitting there doing nothing, and that's, at least in my mind, is financial freedom. Do you guys agree with that? Okay, because you don't, if you want, the guy was telling me the one of the five million bucks, he's like, I want a three million dollar house, I'm like, you don't pay cash for it? Come on, man, that's the way, there's easier ways to do it, right? Okay, so take that little, this little chart out, and on the right hand side, let's just write $20,000 per month. So why don't I kind of put this in perspective of how you can make $20,000 a month on about 100 clicks a day. Now I'm going to reverse engineer this, okay? And when we start building stuff, usually it's going to come back this direction, but I like working financially backwards, okay? But just kind of give you perspective, over the next couple of days where you're going to be learning is over here we got our traffic, right? And then we have our initial funnel, I call this the POS funnel, anyone know what POS stands for? Retail? Yes. POS, point of sale, right? So my goal with any sales funnel I build, my initial goal, my point of sale, my very first sales funnel is to break even. If I can break even, then I call that an SLO. Anyone know what SLO stands for? Self-liquidating offer, okay? This is the key. Everyone thinks I'm going to make a funnel, make a million dollars on the funnel. No, your goal with your initial funnel is to break even. If you can break even on your initial funnel, you'll be a millionaire, right? Okay? Mike here, I met him when he was 17 years old, had an e-book on how to stop blushing. I'm going to make him blush right now. Okay? Two years later, sets up a funnel, does a million over a million bucks next year. You get a funnel that breaks even, game over, okay? So this is the initial goal, drive traffic to a funnel that's going to break even, that becomes a self-liquidating offer. After you've broken even and you've got this person's name, then we push them to three different things. One is continuity. Continuity is where somebody signs up for something and you bill them every single month. Okay? Continuity is awesome, by the way, especially if you're trying to get some of this. The next thing is back-end sales. We're going to talk a lot this weekend about back-end sales. Okay? So you sell something, a really expensive, high-ticket thing. And down here is bonuses. This is anything else you sell them. It's just free money that you just, it's just free money. Every time you send an email, you make free money, okay? So these are the kind of the things we're going to do. Now, I'm not going to talk about the bonus stuff because that's like, I want to go on a big trip next month. I need an extra 5K. There's a whole bunch of stuff you can do to get that bonus money that you're not going to tie in. We're just going to focus on these first two, okay? So the first one we're going to talk about is the continuity. So I'm going to split my $20,000 a month I need to make. I'm going to split between continuity and back-end. Now for some of you guys, you can be like, I don't want to do back-end. And you're going to shift your numbers to pure continuity. Some of you guys are just going to want to do back-end. So it's going to change, but I'm just going to split my money 50-50. So I'm going to have $10,000 right here, $10,000 right there. So if you guys want to write that in, $10,000 on the top line, $10,000 on the bottom line. To put this in perspective, continuity, that little dollar sign, that's how much you're going to charge for your program. So let's just say for numbers purposes that you're going to charge $50 a month for somebody to join your program. Okay, so put $50 in that little dollar sign. How many people do I need to have at $50 a month to make $10,000? Where are my mathematicians in the room? 200, okay. So in the little member underneath there, put $200. That crazy, you only need 200 people on continuity to make $10,000 a month. People are like, I want 3,000 people on my continuity program. That's a lot of headaches. Why don't you just get $200 and just be done, game over. Okay, now down here, back in. So you can sell back in things for any kind of price point, right? There's $5,000, $8,000, $15,000, $25,000. We even have a million dollar program. We just, Robbie just closed the first million dollar program for us. Who here wants to buy that, by the way? Yeah, I'll tell you all, Robbie will tell you all about it. He'll break it down in excruciating detail. Now, basically for a million bucks, $100,000 we go out, build the funnel for you and we get 10% up to a million dollars. So back in can be anything, but for numbers purposes, let's just say your back in is $5,000. So let's put a $5,000 number there. So members, we got to have obviously two people to make our 10 grand a month, right? These numbers crazy yet? Trying to be like conservative so it's like realistic for everybody. All right. Now with the continuity program, you got to figure that every month people are going to cancel, every month you're going to be adding new people. So right here, NM is new members. So I usually try to budget about 25%. 25% people are going to leave each month, I need to add at least 25% to keep that number all working, right? So 25% is 50 people. So I put 25% in the little percent box, which is 50 people. So 50 people a month I need to get into my membership site just to keep it sustained there. Now if I get 100, it's going to grow. If I get less, it'll shrink. So I try to keep about 25% that I'm adding each month. All right. Now down here on the back end, I have apps. Okay. Now I figure if you suck at selling and you butcher the process we're going to teach you this week, you should be able to close at least one out of 10 people who apply for your high-end thing. Did you agree with that? If you butcher it, if you're terrible, two or three, I agree. It's a worst case scenario. You don't even call the person back. You're going to close one out of 10, right? So we need 20 applications here to get two sales. All right. So there's that first part. So does that all seem realistic? Is that all doable? Are you guys all comfortable with those numbers so far? Okay. So I'm going to come over here. So you've got your point of sale. So what I try to do again, I'm trying to break even on my initial funnel that we're going to help you guys build out. And then after we break even, I'm going to try to get you guys to join my continuity and apply for my coaching program, right? Now pretty conservatively, if you build a good campaign, the way I'm going to show you guys this weekend, of the people who buy your front end funnel, about 30%, you can get into continuity. Okay? So up here at the top, I'm putting in 30%. So that means if I need to get 50 new members a month, how many new people do I need to have by my front end funnel? 150, okay? So either buyers or 150 buyers. Now the way we're going to show you how to do the funnel with free plus shipping and stuff like that, we average about five, it's usually higher than that, but just because we serve about 5% of the people who we drive to our free plus shipping page are going to buy our front end offer. So this little percentage is going to be 5%. Okay? So 5% of the traffic I get is going to convert into a buyer. So from that, that means I need, who can do the math, how many clicks I need, that means. 3,000. So 3,000, 5% of 3,000 is 150 buyers. If I need 3,000 clicks a month, I can get my 150 buyers. 3,000 clicks a month to break down to daily thing, about 100 clicks a day. To come to my front end funnel, from that, 5% of those people buy, they become buyers. From those buyers, I'm going to get 30% to ascend into my continuity program. From there, all the rest kind of fills out. And from those 150 people, I'm going to get 20 people to fill out an application. That's inducible. Who here would $20,000 a month net profit change your life right now? Okay, so that's our goal, guys. My goal is not to make you a millionaire or a billionaire. We can get that net. It's a $100,000 program. We can get you a million dollar program. We can get you there. This one, let's say this is your goal. I promise you guys, it's more than you need. It's more than I need. It's more than any of us need, okay? And then we can go from there. That's all fine and dandy. We can grow and we can be passionate. We can build businesses and serve more people. But first, let's get here. That's got to be the very first goal. It's interesting. The reason I want to show you guys this is because this is something you can gauge yourself against. You start building out your business. You're going to start driving traffic and seeing stuff. And you'll be looking at this and start putting in the numbers and be like, well, I'm doing this but I'm only getting 2% to buy here. I need to tweak that and change it. I'm getting 5% to buy there but then only 10% or buy my continuity. What I need to tweak and change and get that better. I learned a valuable lesson. I've learned it multiple times in my personal life and in my business. What I learned is that whatever we track and we measure, we'll start to grow. If we don't track and measure, it won't. For example, after I got on wrestling, I was in awesome shape. I was 7% body fat and I had the great idea of stopping everything and just eating a lot. I was lucky enough that my wife got pregnant with twins so she was eating a lot even more than me. She was pounding food and I was like, this is awesome. I was eating food. I stopped doing any kind of exercise and within about a year, I went from a stunning 7% body fat to like a 20% body fat. And I looked and I felt horrible. For four or five years, I didn't do anything. I'd go to the gym and I'd get all crazy. I'd work out and I was sore and I wouldn't go back again. And just like for four or five years, it was horrible. And then one day I met Sean over here and I called him up. I was like, hey man, I'm fat. What can you do? He's like, come on in. We're going to measure you. He pinches me. He's like, you are fat. Wow. And he writes down my numbers. He writes down everything. He's like, hey, do some exercise. I just renewed some stuff. He's like, wow, you are out of shape. He writes down my numbers. He goes through the entire process and I'm like, man, this is horrible. I didn't know I was that bad, but I started measuring it. And then I came in the next day and I did it again. And the next day I did it again after a week and then after two weeks and after six weeks he came back and he pinched me and he goes, guess what? You're not as fat as you used to be. This is awesome. And guess what? You used to be right here. You're a little bit higher. And do that again. Do that again. And within how many months was it? Six or seven months, it got me back down to 11% body fat, which was awesome. What I learned, relearned over and over again is what you're looking at, what you're measuring is going to grow or shrink if you need to go that way. But most of us never track anything. We never look at anything. For example, last year in our company, every single month at the beginning of the month we were like, hey, we need to hit this amount of sales. We got all excited about what we needed to do. And on the first month we got that we started working our butts off and by the second we're working on about the third or fourth, whatever happened. And by the end of the month, we were like, okay, how much money do we make this month? We get all excited. And Susan would send us over the numbers and we look at it and we're like, oh, that's what we made last month. Let's have a meeting. Let's get fired up. So we got fired up again the next day, came in. All right, this month we're going to beat it. We're going to do everything. We sell these goals and everything. We start working and then a month later we get the thing and we come back. We're like, that's what we did last month. Every single month last year you guys made the exact same amount of money. So about December I got pissed. I'm like, are you kidding me? How are we not getting better at this? We're getting smarter. We're doing everything but we're getting the exact, literally almost to the dollar, the exact same gross profit every single month. So in January I had this idea. I'm like, what if we started tracking what we're doing? That would be awesome, right? So we built this whiteboard out and the way that I structured it and you can get this however you want. But this is the way that I did it because it made sense to me. I had this big whiteboard. I broke it up like this. So right here we put in all of our products. Here's our dot com secret stuff and here's our sales stuff and here's our nurse cell. Here's all our different products, right? And here's Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday. And every day we come in and we write down how much money we made the day before. We made five grand here, made 13,000 here, made all these different things and we total up for the day. Next day we do that, next day we do that. At the end of the week we clear it all off and we have week one and we have the total here. Next week we go through this and then we tally out here and here. So every week, so we see our daily numbers or weekly numbers at the end of the month, we drop the number down here and then there's our number for the month. So January did that and guess what? Exactly the same as December. That sucks. So January came back and it got a little bigger. March came back and we added over $200,000 in revenue. This month came back and we doubled what we made here. Every single month started going boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. And I don't think consciously we were doing anything different. The only thing different is every single day we saw those numbers. We started tracking, we started looking at it. We looked at the number and it's smaller today than yesterday. You get a little nervous and you try a little harder. And our numbers started going up. Now what's interesting is sometimes you don't always track the right numbers. Because what we were tracking 100% was gross revenue. So our gross revenue is going like this. Last month I looked at our net and our net was going like this, was like following it. So our profit wasn't growing. So for this month, for the next few months, guess what number I'm measuring? Well, share measuring growth cell is exciting but our more important number we're measuring is our net profit. Because we weren't measuring that so we were spending what we were making. Does that make sense? So you start looking at your business, start looking at the right things and figure out what to measure. We call these things in your business called KPIs, key performance indicators. So KPIs are key performance indicators. Now every business has these. If you look at losing weight, you have these. You look at anything and you're doing your life, you've got these. Your relationships, you've got these. The biggest key is figuring out what those KPIs are and then tracking and measuring. And if you do that, then they're going to grow. If you don't do it, they're just going to stagnate and die. And so as we go through this week, you're going to learn a lot of the key things we're looking at, what the metrics are, what we're looking for. And it's going to seem mathy and nerdy at first and I promise you guys though, it's cool when it equals money. I hate math more than anyone but I love money more than anyone so it's really fun when you can make a game and make it fun and we'll do that with you guys this week. One last thing I want to mention is about four or five months ago, I met this guy named Carl at an event. Just like an event you guys are right now. And he said something cool to me. He's like, hey man, do you want to be my accountability partner? I'm like, what's an accountability? I knew what it was. I'm like, what do you mean? He's like, this is how it works. He's like, you get a check out, you write me a check and you put down a number, like $2,000. You write $2,000 on it. You give me that check and I write you a check for $2,000. We both keep these checks and this is how it works. We're going to go and hold each other accountable and every other week we're going to get on a call for an hour and you're going to tell me what you're going to accomplish in the next two weeks. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to accomplish in the next two weeks and in two weeks we're going to go out and we'll come back two weeks later. If you accomplish that thing, I won't cash your check. If you didn't, I'm cashing your check. And the same thing for me, we're holding ourselves accountable. I was like, all right man, I'm in for that. That sounds like a lot of fun. So, you wrote me a check and we started our first thing. And the first one was awesome. We sat down and said, okay, this is our goal. This is what we're going to do. And I listed out four or five things. And the key to this is they all have to be tangible things, things that he could actually measure. It can be like, oh, I'm going to try to make some more money. Like that's stupid. It's got to be like, in two weeks from now, this product is going to be done. My phone is going to be live and I'll have bought my first ad. It's got to be stuff like that, very, very specific. And so we did the first thing and it said, okay, we made that list of stuff. And what happened was interesting. Next week or so, I'm just doing my thing and then half a week later, I'm doing my thing. And all of a sudden, there's like two days before my call with them. I'm like, oh, crap, I got to get stuff done. And I sat down and I busted my butt and I got everything done just in time for my next call so we wouldn't cash my check. Okay? And what's interesting about all of us as humans, and I'm the worst, like probably one of the worst people at this in the world, is like no matter how much time you have, you'll never get something done until right when it has to be done. Have you guys noticed that before? Somehow we've had the ability of filling up time with whatever's happening. And so having somebody that's in place where every week, every two weeks, wherever it is, we have somebody that's holding you accountable and there's something on the line if you don't execute on it, is one of the most powerful things you can do to actually get stuff done. And so what I want you guys to do during the break we're going to take right now is I want you guys to each define an accountability partner. And all of you guys can figure out what's going to make the most sense for you. I encourage it being, how about be someone you don't already know. Someone you're here with right now that's not going to work because then you're going to be too easy on each other. Find something you've never met before and say, I want to be accountability partner. And figure out the terms of your deal. It could be, I'm going to write you a check for $100, something like that. It could be, whatever it is, figure out something that's actually going to be meaningful to you and holds you accountable. And set up a time where next Tuesday after you get home you have a day to kind of process. Tuesday have your first meeting with that person and hold each other accountable. I promise you that if you do that, your likelihood of success will, I don't know, the actual number. A billion times higher. Okay, whatever that number is, it's going to be a lot better. So watch you guys get out of your comfort zone a little bit. Move around the room. Find somebody you don't know already and become accountability partners. Trade information with that person and do your first thing on Monday. You guys commit or on at least Tuesday at the latest have your first meeting. You guys all commit to that to me? You guys all commit to that to me? Yes. Awesome. Way better. Cool. Thanks. Bye.