Hey everyone, this is Russell Brunson on Welcome U2, the webinar for tonight. Before we get started, I want to make sure you guys can hear me. If you can hear me, please go to the question box and just say yes, Russell, I can hear you. Awesome, looks like volume and everything is working. Cool. All right, so I'm excited for this webinar today. Before we get started, I want to mention I do know that a couple of you guys have emailed me stuff and I haven't said feedback yet because I was in San Francisco last week and just actually left, I flew out after our last webinar, like two hours after that I flew out, but it was an event all day long, got back yesterday night, spent time with the kids and then got in the office today and trying to catch up. So I'll get stuff back to you as soon. I think there's like three of you there waiting on stuff back for me, so I'll give that to you guys as soon as possible. But as of me, we shouldn't keep moving forward, so I'm going to jump right into today's information. Oh, and one really exciting thing that happened to us today, so actually I got two really exciting things, I'm going to give them both to you. The first one is we've got the office today and all of our pipes were frozen here in the office. I think we're like negative two degrees last night or something like that, it's like 10 right now. And so we actually, our running water wouldn't work, our toilets wouldn't work, all sorts of stuff wouldn't work, and so we've had like walked down the street to go to the bathroom all day today. So I'm sure in Australia most of you guys don't deal with that issue, but here we are freezing. So the first fun thing and the second fun thing is like a block and a half from our office is our bank, and today I got robbed at 11.30 this morning and one of my buddies was actually in the bank while I got robbed. So that's the exciting news from Boise today. Anyway, so I'm going to jump right into this. Hopefully you guys have your handouts, if you do make sure you haven't printed out, I'm going to be going through some stuff that is important. And today's really focus is we're going to start talking about actually scripting out your webinar. And when you understand this process is not that difficult, but I wanted to make sure everyone has it because this webinar is different than a typical webinar. This is not really a sales webinar. I think most of you guys are training, we have a very specific training on a sales webinar because on a sales webinar you're scripting out second by second everything to increase your close rate at the end of the webinar and stuff like that. With the teaching webinar, you're skipping on your teaching. And these invisible funnel webinars are a blend of those because you're getting on and you're teaching, then you're also soft selling at the end. And if you structure it the right way, it makes that whole process a million times easier and it makes the content easier to deliver, it makes it more fun. Most of my invisible funnel so far have been from three to four hours long and when you're doing a training that's that long, it needs to be entertaining and exciting as well. And so I'm gonna show you guys how we structure that. Now if you remember module number one when we started doing that one, we worked through a lot of different stuff with you guys. One of the core things we talked about was building your system outline. That's gonna come into play on this. We also last week talked about building out your story and your story process and that's gonna come to this. This is kind of blending those two things we talked about in module one and module two and putting that into your actual webinar. So that is what we're gonna be doing. Please let me make you a comment. Someone said, lucky enough to close your business at lunchtime. I could do it. I don't fall. Yes, we were very lucky. Okay, so if you have your hand out, scroll down here. This is hand out, you all do you guys. After we have all the legal documents, we're gonna do this. Here is your webinar outline. Now what I wanna do, I'm actually gonna map this out in paintbrush, because whenever I create my own webinars, I always map it out like this. I usually get a huge piece of paper, I draw it out like this. And basically this is the beginning of my webinar, the beginning, and this is my end over here. And then I like plotting out what I'm gonna be talking about during the webinar. I was not without ahead of time. And usually I write down a piece of paper all right out. In fact, my kids use this, a camera is called the big huge roll of paper, they roll it out over a table. So I always roll out the paper and I cut it off and I map this thing out like six feet long. I've also done smaller paper, but that's how I normally do it. And then I come back to you right in case, I'm gonna talk about here, number two here, the number three here, number four here. I kind of map out the whole process and then from there, I go back and I build my PowerPoint slides. So for this presentation right now, I'm just gonna show you guys basically the important elements you'd have in your timeline to really make this thing so that when somebody goes through this process, they're gonna have... First off, they're gonna enjoy the experience, they're gonna allow you to build them the $97, whatever it is you charge them to be on this invisible funnel webinar. And then at the end of it, you're gonna be able to upsell the next product. Okay, so if you look at the timeline here, the very beginning of the timeline, the first part here from where they got on the webinar until, I don't know, maybe about a 10-minute mark, this is really crucial time, because this is where mentally people are coming on and they're trying to decide if they're gonna stay or not. When we do sales webinars, we try to hook them really, really hard by offering them a bonus, we give them free stuff or something to keep them on during that period of time. Now for this webinar, obviously they signed up, right? They put down their credit card, they paid $0 so far, but at the end of it, they're kind of judging you and if they like it, they're gonna pay you anywhere from 25 bucks to 100 bucks to whatever it is you charge. So that's what's kind of happening here, so you've got to make sure that you are very engaging, entertaining or else people aren't going... At the end of it, they're gonna be like, that was boring all the moment, my money back. So the best way not to be boring and the best way to hook them early on in this type of a scenario is to tell your story. Now, they will have been getting your story through email at this point, they've probably heard it at different times, heard parts of it, but this is the time for you to really go through the entire story selling process that we covered last week. All you guys have to hand out, we walk through all the different pieces, in fact... Yeah, I'm not gonna pull it right now, but you guys have to hand out, this is where you're retelling your story. So you're starting with... So for example, if you're on my invisible funnel webinar, I would introduce you, or I'd introduce myself. Thank you everyone for coming to the webinar. My name's Russell, we're gonna be talking about blah, blah, blah today, but before we get that, I wanna tell you guys a story. And as soon as you tell them your story, they get excited, right? So I'm gonna tell you guys a story and this is where you slide into your backstory. And from here is where that whole worksheet picks up. In fact, let me pull it up really quick. Sorry if... There we go. Okay, so this is from Module 2 if you guys remember. A storytelling process. So this storytelling process is what you're gonna be plugging in right here during the first 10 minutes of your automated webinar. Where did it go? I just lost the page. All right, so I'm gonna start at a point of hydra, like we talked about, tell my backstory, we're talking about the epiphany we had, I go into ID Explosion, made a choice, and moved through this process. Now here, we're not selling you anything, obviously. So usually through here, I don't tell the whole story. Obviously I tell this frigiddy part about my epiphany, my ID Explosion, the yes or no, my first sign of success, it started growing, and then this is where I lead off, okay? Maybe I should share some case studies and benefits, but this is where I go, okay? So for example, let's just say I was... Who do you think I was a product? Let's say I was doing Howard Berg's product, the world's fastest reader, okay? If I was introducing him in this story, I would come out and say, look, my name is Russell Brunson, and before we get started, I wanna tell you guys a story. Three years ago, I was in a business, I was having some success, but my problem was I kept learning all this stuff, I was getting in... I was learning all this information, I was getting all these books and CDs, and I had information overload, I couldn't get all this information inside my brain, it was really, really frustrating. And that's what I had to epiphany, I said, what if I could read faster? If I could just read faster, everything would be a lot easier. I could understand more, I could consume more, and blah, blah, blah, blah. And that's when I found Howard Berg is the world's fastest reader, I decided to hire him, I flew not to our office, and within four hours, he more than four times my reading speed, and then I had to train everyone else in my office, and by the end of the day, everyone in my office had more than doubled our reading speed. At that point forward, we were able to get a whole bunch, have so much more success, we could learn more, we could implement more, and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. So I did that in about 30 seconds, basically I went through the hydroma, epiphany, I did, all the way to some case studies, and then I kind of dropped off here, and then I'm gonna move on to the next section of the webinar. So for you guys, this is where you're doing, you're retelling this part of the story, and most of you guys have scripted that out since last week, so you have that part of it. Some of you guys written soap opera emails, just wherever you're at in the process, you should have that story, and you should be able to retell it. Now one big thing I wanna say is, when you tell this story, a lot of people, they tell their stories, and they get nervous, and they tell it really, really fast. This is probably the most important part of the entire webinar process, is your story. So if it takes you 10, 15, 20 minutes, use that time, talk about it, talk about the pain you felt, and the excitement, and the energy, and what your spouse thought, and what your friends thought, and the more you can share during that storytelling process, the better. And for you, you're gonna feel dumb, because the first couple of times you tell your own story, you really feel dumb. I promise you guys, you're gonna feel like, this isn't that big of a deal, I don't wanna brag, whatever it is, but it's important, this is your time to shine and to tell your story, and let people know what it is. So that's kind of where we begin, the first 10 minutes, is retelling your soap opera series. Now after you've kind of told that part, and you let them know what's gonna happen, now you shift over to the next part of the presentation. I'm sure you guys have heard this before, a lot of people say, when you give a presentation, there's three steps. Step number one, tell them what you're gonna tell them. Step number two, tell it to them. And step number three, tell them what you just told them. And I just think that was a dumb thing, and I used to make fun of people that said that, but I totally believe it now, it's completely true. People have to hear things over and over and over again for them to grasp it, and to be able to comprehend it, and be able to use it. And so if you want success in this, you want to first off get them prepared, here's what I'm gonna be talking about, then you talk about it, and then you have to recap it. So right here during this next section of our timeline here, this is where we're gonna tell them what we're gonna tell them. And the way that I do this, if you remember in module number two, I had module number two, we had everybody, sorry about that, we had everybody write out their system. I kinda told you guys with my system, right? If you remember the story, I told you when I spoke at that very first seminar, and I walked in the room, there were like 80 people there, and I went up my hotel room, and I mapped out like, if I was teaching my best friend in this system, what would I teach him? And I said, step one, I teach him this, step two, I teach him this, step three, I teach him this, and I built basically an outline of what I was gonna teach him, or what I would teach. And this outline became the framework for what I was gonna teach, but I ended up teaching during that event, and would actually end up becoming our entire coaching business was that outline. I think I also mentioned, if you guys don't have an outline yet, go to Barnes & Noble and go pick up one of the Dummy's guides. The Dummy's guides have like the best table of contents in the world. If you look at their table of contents, in fact, I think if you go to Amazon, you can just, I think you can browse those books, tables of contents, and just go to the Dummy's guide and look at step one is a step two, is a step three, is this, and just look at what they're teaching people, and then you can just model that and pull out the elements for your own product. But this outline is important. It's just like somebody's reading a book. The first thing to look at is the table of contents, and that's kind of what we're doing right here. You're telling them, this is where you're gonna learn about, boom, first module, we're gonna talk about this, second module, we're gonna talk about this, third module's this, fourth is this, fifth is this. You just kind of go over exactly what they're gonna learn. And I would recommend telling people, I get out a piece of paper and pen and pad of paper, write this down, so you have these things in front of you, because I wanna make sure that as we go through each of these topics, you're able to take notes on them specifically. All right, so that's step number two, is telling them what you're gonna teach them, and you're kind of giving them your system outline. Pretty simple so far. Is there any questions you just have so far before I move on to the next part of it? Okay, no questions so far. Kylie said she didn't get the webinar replays or the handouts from last week. I've sent them a couple times. I'll try to send them specifically to you, and hopefully you'll get them. If not, again, if you don't get anything, contact my assistant Kelsey, and she can get those things for you as well. Her email address is just kelsey at successetc.com. Okay, so let's keep moving forward. So step one, retell your Oprah stories, step two, tell them what you're gonna teach them, which is just sharing your system outline. Okay, after that, now this next part, guys, this is where you shift into the content of your presentation. And from this period, all the way back here to this period, you're basically teaching them your stuff. Okay, now one common thing I see when people do these kind of training webinars, if they start just shoving a whole bunch of stuff down, people throw hopes and there's no system, there's no logic behind it. And I just want to show you guys, there is a very easy systematic formula that makes this so, so, so simple. Okay, and basically what you do is you're taking each of these points from your webinar, right? You're bringing it out here, and you're gonna teach this first element. Okay, then you're gonna teach this second element, you pulled out, and that's gonna be the second part, and then the third one comes out and becomes the third part, and so on and so forth, right? Now inside of each of these little boxes that you're kind of teaching, there's the process, okay? So this one right here, let's just say this is module number one. Okay, so module number one. Now in here, I'm gonna teach this concept, and depending on the topic, it might be five minutes, it might take you half an hour, just every module can be different, but their core element, she's covering the module, okay? The first thing you need to do is again, you're gonna recap what you're gonna learn. So I come to this part and say, okay, module number one, we're gonna be talking about X, okay? Now after you tell them what you're gonna learn about, the mistake most people do is they jump right into teaching that thing, okay? And the problem is when you jump right into teaching that thing, it doesn't strengthen that in somebody's mind nearly strong enough. We wanna have that person before you tell them that thing, you want them to be emotionally engaged, okay? It's just like if I was to walk up to you and say, hey, wanna go to a movie tonight, there's one at 9 o'clock that'd be kind of cool to go to, and you might hear it and say, oh, maybe, maybe not, and you're gonna be kind of like, it's gonna be harder to sell you. If I come up to you and say, hey, there's a movie tonight, the premise is there's this guy and he gets robbed and because of that, he goes and he does a big QC and it's the most amazing movie in the world. It starts at 9 o'clock tonight, you wanna see it? Do what just happened? I got you emotionally engaged by telling you a story prior to telling what the movie was and then telling you the movie is and now you're a thousand times more likely to actually wanna go see that movie. Okay, the same thing happens here. When I'm gonna teach you the concept, before I teach the concept, I need to bring a story into place. Now, I like to call these parables. In my teaching, I have a parable for pretty much every concept that I normally teach. When I was talking about, if anyone's ever seen my product, The Under Cheever Secrets, we talk a lot about niche marketing and I tell my entire story about how I made a potato gun and what I did for the potato gun and I have this whole parable that I talk about, my potato gun story and inside of that, I have other parables as well. So for each of your modules, do you have a parable or some kind of story from your personal life or from your student's life, from someone's life that you can tell that kind of strengthens the teaching behind that module? For example, in fact, what I'm gonna do, I know one of my friends, one of the people we publish is on the webinar now, her name is Jessica and I wanna kind of just, I'm gonna tell you guys, I don't know her story perfectly, but I'm gonna just kind of go from where we're at to this point, just sharing from her stories, because I know hers better than I know most of the rest of you guys on this webinar. And I know that most of you guys here that are on the webinar from Australia and you guys don't do extreme kubbarning down there, but anyway, I'm just gonna share the story anyway. So Jessica was on extreme kubbarning, that's how I actually met her. And here in America, we have tons of kubbarns, right? And so you can go and learn how to cut kubbarns the right way and how to collect them and then go to stores and get like $500 or $600 worth of grocery for like $10 or $20. And that's what Jessica does and she teaches and it's amazing, right? And so if I was doing her webinar, I would start with my backstory back here, because I would tell like, how did I get into kubbarning? So I would tell her stories, she's working in the mortgage industry, they're making a lot of money, and then the mortgage industry kind of crashed and because of that, she got into kubbarning, all these things happen. And because of that, she got shocked to be on extreme kubbarning. And after that happened, she started sharing with others and all these other people had great successes and now she's able to feed her family and all these other people feed their families because of all this cool stuff that she's been able to teach. And that's kind of the backstory, right? Now, the next step now is her coming back saying, okay, now during this webinar, I'm going to share you guys seven, my seven tips, my seven secrets for keeping your grocery bill under $20. And the first thing I'm going to teach you guys is this. The second thing I'm going to teach you guys is this. The third thing is this. The fourth thing is it. The fifth thing is this. So that's the outline. They come to module number one. So let's just say module number one, and again, this is coming for me, who I'm not a key partner, so I don't understand the whole thing perfectly. But I know one of the things they do is they have their newspaper deals, right? And so I might say module number one is you need to keep your newspaper deals. And for her, I would shift into a parable for my life talking about this concept. So I'd say, but this is the way newspaper deals work. Right now, if you come to my house, I actually go and we subscribe to our 10 different city newspapers. And the reason why we do that is when the newspapers come, I'm able to get those coupons I can share, I can do, I can match this coupon, this coupon, and bonerda, and it works really good. In fact, the other day, I was able to take my four coupon and whatever, and I took it down there, and because of that, I was able to save $150 on my coupon. So right now, she just shared a parable that told the person why that concept, why module number one is important. Now, the person's like, this is awesome. I gotta figure out why in the world I need to get my newspapers or whatever that is. And so what happens now is everything else you teach them from that point forward in the module, they will be listening intently and they will not deviate from what you say. If you don't start with a parable, a lot of them are just gonna gloss over and they'll miss the training where you're gonna talk about. Does that make sense? So you share a parable, after you've shared the parable, so I'm gonna do parable in a different color, so after I've shared my parable, parable, then I shift over to my teaching. And as you see here, I teach, I like teaching things in a step-by-step format because then people can take notes. Step number one in this process is this, you need to go to your local website or go to my website and you're gonna find the local newspapers and this is where you're gonna buy this one and buy this one and buy this one. Step number two now is when these newspapers come, you're gonna blah, blah, blah, clip them and do this or whatever. Step number three is this, step number four is this, step number five is this. So you're teaching the concepts and then if you look right here, now number D, we come back to, now we wanna show them an example. So we taught the parable, now we're showing an example of it. So let's say in the parable I said last week I was able to save $1,300 on groceries, I tell that in the parable but I don't show it yet. Then after I taught all this concept, now I can actually, let me show you my grocery bill. Remember I told you guys earlier that I saved $1,300 doing this? Well, this is how it worked. I got this coupon, this coupon, this coupon, I got these four or five coupons and because of that, I was able to save this much. Is that exciting you guys? You see how exciting that is? And that's how I share with them. Now what I wanna kinda, I wanna point out, if you guys look at this outline here, there's a couple of things. Okay, the first thing I talked about at the very beginning is, was this concept, right? Where the first step is you tell somebody what you're gonna tell them. And the second step is you tell them what, what you're gonna tell them. Then you actually tell them. Then, and then number three is you tell them what you told them. Tell them what you told them, okay? So that's how it happens at the very beginning, the content and in the end. But that same thing is happening at a micro level right here, okay? I told them I'm gonna teach them and I shared a parable with that. Then I actually taught it to them and I showed them example that. Okay, this is that same thing. I told them, I told them I'm gonna tell them, I told them and then I just showed them what I told them, okay? And when you wrap each of your modules like that, you guys, that's how you get people hyper engaged, okay? They're pre-sold on it, then they're sold on concept and they see the benefits afterwards and now they're like glue. That concept is so ingrained in their head, they're gonna stick with that forever, okay? This shift from the couponing store to another one, okay? I know we got a couple people on here, I think one or two that are involved in like the weight loss industry, okay? Same thing. Module number one, I'm gonna teach you guys this really cool concept that I learned that helps you lose about eight pounds within 48 hours. And I always do this at the beginning of any diet, okay? So that's what I'm gonna teach you. Now before I start, I wanna show you guys, I wanna tell you guys a story because the first time I ever heard about this, I thought it was crazy, I didn't wanna do it. This concept's called the Cayenne Lemonade Diet, right? And I heard about this thing and I thought it was insane, but I told some of my friends about it and all this got kind of intriguing, we wanted to all try it. So we all got together, we made the, we made the lemonade Cayenne Pepper. And so basically you get this, you get a bottle, you put in some salt water, you put in Cayenne Pepper, you put in some maple stuff and you shake this thing up and it's a big jug. And it's the nastiest, worst tasting thing in the world. And day number one, I drank it and it was sick, it was gross. And what was hard is that's the only thing you drink during the day. You don't eat or drink anything else throughout the entire day, you just chug that thing. And I was doing it, my friends were doing it, all this were doing it and I'm glad that they were doing it because if they weren't doing it, I would have quit because it was so nasty. It tasted bad and I was hungry. By the second day though, the hunger pains completely went away and the stuff still tastes bad, but the hunger pains went away. And by the third day, it was amazing because I needed in two days, I was scared that I was gonna be starving by this point. But by the third day, I had so much energy, it was amazing. I literally felt like a better father and a better husband because when I got home from work, I had all this energy, I was bouncing off the walls and I just felt amazing. And that was my three-day lemonade diet. And what was interesting is during the three days, I lost 8.5 pounds and the energy I had was shot through the roof. Plus, I had cleaned my intestines from all these toxins and I just felt amazing. And that was how I kicked off my diet and made everything else moving forward so much easier. So let me tell you guys how the lemonade diet works. Step number one, you do this. Step number two, you do this. Step number three, you do this. Step number four, you do this. You guys see how awesome that is? It's very simple, very easy to do. And I wanna show you an example of one of my friends who did this. I told you my story, but here's an example of one that he did. Here's a picture before and here's after. Just from this three-day diet, he lost 16 pounds. He lost four pounds, whatever it was. Isn't that awesome? I'm gonna move on to step number two. Step number two in the process is your long-term diet. So you see that works? So again, I tell them what they're gonna learn. I share a parable. I teach the concept and I show an example of it. Then move on to module number two. Then module number three and module number four. And keep going on. And that's how I push people through the content. Module, parable, steps, and then example. A-M-P-L-E. Okay, any questions about that part of it, you guys? Oops. Okay, someone said, can you clarify that the steps because in module number two and number three are the same as module number one, i.e., share the parable and teach the concept? Okay, great question. So this right here, in my weight loss example, so let me come back. So I'm gonna come back to weight loss, okay? So let's say my weight loss example. Let's say that my four steps, I'm gonna do this in Word. So this is the way I would do it. If I was you guys right now and I'm building on my outline, I'd just do it in Microsoft Word because it's the easiest. Or if you use Mac, you can use Pages or whatever. I'd say my weight loss outline. Okay, so I'd say, and I like to say, I call everything secrets. A lot of people don't like secrets. They call them modules or lessons. But from my experience, if you call the secret, it will outconvert everything else because everybody loves secrets. So I'm gonna say secret, secret number one, the lemon, the cayenne, I don't know how to spell cayenne. Cayenne lemonade diet. Lemonade. I don't even know what that's saying. Okay, so that's secret number one or step number one. Secret number two now. And two, let's say, secret number two, my fat loss plan is gonna be, let's say, has something to do with changing your eating styles. Maybe it's every morning you need to eat vegetables. So it's turning your morning green. Okay, secret number three could be cardio. So let's say it's, let's say it's, what's cooler than, let's see, yeah, making a weight loss product if he's on the fly. So anyway, let's say secret number three is the infrared sauna secret. Maybe it's like infrared sauna as you can go sit in. Anyway, these infrared saunas you can sit in. That's suppose you sit in a minor abandoned one, you sit in it and they say that the heat goes through your skin level and hits the fat pockets inside will actually melt the fat and you start sweating fat off your body. I have no idea if it's true, but let's just say it is because it makes good for my outline. So let's say these are my three secrets. I probably again, I have secret four, secret five, secret six, and secret seven. I usually try to have seven secrets because it sounds cool. So number one was the Cayenne lemonade diet. So my first thing is my parable. So my three day story and then step, step number one, step number two, et cetera. And then my example, I'm gonna show the example of my buddy, see my buddy John. Okay, so that's, John's hard to spell. So there's my first secret that I'm teaching in my webinar. Okay, and down here, now this is the next step in the process. Okay, so number two now, after they've gone through the lemonade diet, now I'm gonna teach them how to turn their morning green. Okay, so again, I'm gonna share a story, a parable about how I tried this and I hate it, but then it was really happy afterwards. Okay, and right now, for example, I eat avocados for breakfast every morning and it's the greatest thing in the world, but I used to think eating greens for breakfast was nasty. I wanted cereal. So I'm gonna tell my story, my avocado story and my steps to accomplish that and then my example. Okay, and then you go through that. So that's how you kind of build out the concept. So these all should be different because this is your overall process. This is your, here's my step by step by step to get the major goal that we're trying to do on the webinar. All right, and now I'm breaking out each of those steps into its own little module or its own little secret. Does that make sense? So that is what, that's kind of what I'm talking about. Let me know if that makes sense if you have a question all about that. Oh, someone said, okay, in the handout. It's basically these, if you notice, part one, two, and three are all the same. I was just showing you the same thing a couple times because you keep doing that until all your content's been taught. That's the easy part. Most of you guys, you know your product inside out, you know your concept, you taught it a million different times. It's just coming back and really finding a good story to share with each concept to really strengthen that before you teach the steps and teach the steps and then show an example of that. Because that just cements and it gives them so much more proof when they're able to go through that kind of three-step process. Parable steps and then the example. Okay. Oh, someone, oh I see what you're saying. I messed up an outline. Yeah, I put C teach the concept. It should be, yeah. Yeah, sorry, that's a type on my side. Just move step one and two down below, teach the concept on the second and third one. Good old copy and paste. Filled me again. Okay. All right, so now you've gone through this whole process. Okay, so now you guys have gone through this whole process. You've taught your four or five modules, the content that you love to deliver, that you guys are the best at in the world. I just stopped switching back to pencil. There you go. You taught all these things right here. Now we shift over to the last step. Okay. And this is the part that gets people really, really nervous. This is where you're kind of transitioning from the training, the education, the fun part to the selling part. Now the nice thing about this is that this system, the way we structure it is you don't need to be good salespeople to do it. The whole premise of this whole entire visible funnel concept is you give such good content, people fall in love with it so much, they logically want the next step. Okay. So if you guys do your job here and you just teach the best stuff you have and get them excited and share stories and examples and case studies, so they see the power of what it is you're teaching, the next step, when you start coming over here and trying to make a little bit of money, this part becomes very, very simple. Okay. Now if you don't, if you don't share good stories and if you're boring and if you don't share things that are useful to people, if you're not prolific in some way, at the end of the thing people will be bored and they're gonna ask for refund. So that's the biggest thing is just you gotta be excited and passionate about what it is that you're teaching and if you are, everything else kind of makes up for itself. Okay. So I'm gonna show you guys the process, how we transition now from the content to the selling part. This is where oftentimes it gets a little nervous. Okay. So the next step here, you see number seven in our handouts, it says, it pulls bigger for you guys, says number seven, it says tell them what you just taught them. Okay. So this is where I'm recapping the system outline. So I'm gonna come back here, I'm gonna take this whole thing that I just taught them, copy, and basically just retelling it again over here. So I'm saying, okay, for the last two hours, I've been going through this process, I'm gonna go over everything we've covered so far. Module number one, we talked about this. Module number two, we talked about this. Module number three, we talked about this. Module number four, we talked about this, and you go on and on the path. Okay. Now, why do we do that? The biggest reason why we do that is because our minds as humans are amazing and they're also really, really lame sometimes. Okay. We can gather so much information and we can get good impressions and stuff like that. But what I found is that as soon as you teach the next concept right here, they've completely forgotten what you just talked about earlier. And as soon as they talk about this, they've completely forgotten back here. So you talk about this, they've forgotten about this. Okay. And that's just how it works. So this point, everything went really, really good, but the only thing that they remember is this. Okay. Now, obviously they remember this stuff, but the only thing that's the top of their mind is that, so they're gonna associate this right here with the value you tied to it. Okay. So if my very last thing is really, really boring, they're gonna say the whole webinar was boring. Okay. It's sad but true. Whatever the last thing you talk about, that is what people are gonna judge the entire webinar by. Is that interesting, you guys? So the reason why we do this is we wanna bring back all of the good memories of every single thing we taught along the way. Okay. And if we do that, then they associate the value with the entire thing and not just the very last thing. Okay. And that's why we come down here and we do the recap. Okay. Then the recap. In section one, we talked about this. Remember, that was the lemonade diet where I showed you how you can lose up to eight pounds instantly just by doing this three day lemonade diet. So in number two, we talked about, what was my thing again? We talked about turning your morning green and how by doing this, it shifts the process of your entire day, makes you healthier throughout the day. So by the end of the night, your body is in a peak state where it's melting fat around the clock. So in number three, we talked about the infrared sauna secret. This is something you can do once a month, you go into the saunas, and you literally will see that melting off your body. I showed you guys how when I did that, I was able to get this kind of result. Number four, we talked about this. Number five, we talked about this. Okay. So I'm not just recapping and saying module one was this, module two was this. I'm saying this is the module, and here's the core benefit you should have pulled out of that module. Does that make sense, you guys? So you recap it and then give them the core benefit. If you do that again, now they're going to associate their value in their mind to the entire process, not just the very last thing you talked about. Okay. I found this out when I used to speak a lot from stage. This guy taught me this close called the stack. And the way it worked is usually I would close out and say, okay, when you sign up for my program, you're going to get this, and you're going to get this, and you're going to get this, and I'll give you this bonus. I'll give you this bonus. I'll give you this bonus. I'll give you this bonus. I would tell them all the stuff, and then I'd show the last bonus, and I'd say, all it costs is $2,500. Go run the back of them and buy it. And for whatever reason, a lot of people never rent the back of them and would buy it. I was really like embarrassing. You can imagine being on stage in front of 1,000 people, and you sell something, and you tell everyone to run the back, and nobody moves. That's like the most mortifying, embarrassing, scary experience you will ever go through in your life. But if you do it correctly, then people run the back, and it's really exciting. And so I had a guy, one of my mentors, his name was Armand Moran. He taught me this process. He said, look, Russell, people, the only thing they remember is the very last bonus you gave them. He says, do a recap, do a stack slide. Do a stack slide before you tell them to buy. And as soon as you do that, they're going to associate everything you talked about with that price, not just the last thing. And so they start seeing that, my sales shot through the roof. We made millions of dollars by doing that, just by adding that one little recap slide. So that is very, very important, you guys. Again, this is the glue that's going to make them stick and pay the money now that the webinar is over. So that's the first thing here. Okay, so we'll recap that. Now, after we've done the recap, and this is a key, you guys, you have to tie that to a monetary value. Because by default, in their mind, they're going to say, that was worth, and that webinar was great. That was worth at least $200. They don't say that by default, so you have to do that tying for them. And that's the one kind of, not tricky part, but the one thing that is essential to understand, you got to tie that value for them. So for example, I'm going to come back to Jessica's example. If I was doing couponing, I would show her at the end, show all the different things that you taught you this, taught you this, taught you this, taught you this. Now, just one shopping trip alone, if you applied these seven strategies, you went to one shopping trip alone, and your bill was $600 by following the step, your bill would end up being $30. That means you saved $570 if you applied this just once. Now, if you apply this every single week, every month, that's $500 a month. Times that by a year, that's $6,000 over the course of a year, just by applying these seven secrets I just taught you. So I did that. I showed how the information she just taught, how much money that was actually worth to someone over the course of the year. I'm tying it to a value. If I was doing a weight loss one, I'd say, look, if you were to go get a gym membership, you're looking at $50 a month for a gym membership. Now, if you want to train and help you implement this stuff, you're looking at $50 per session, over the course of a year, just in gym membership fees, you're at $500 in a trainer fees, you're looking at $500 or more a month. Times that out by over a year, that's $5,000 to $6,000 in trainer fees. Right now, everything I taught you, if you just apply that, you just saved yourself $6,000 by applying that right now. Do you see that? Okay, again, I just tied it to a value. If I was doing, let's see, if I was doing baby sign language, same thing. If you were to go to classes, if you were to read books, if you were to do this and do this and kind of tie these things together, everything I taught you, you just got that for free so far. But if you do it by yourself, it would cost you this much. Okay, so I am tying it to a value. And that's a key, key, key part of this, you guys. If you don't tie it to a value, then they're going to email you and ask you not to build their credit card and this is over. Okay, and we want, obviously, our goals for them to let us build them. So we need to tie it to a value. Okay, the first time I saw this in action, and here's Russell slipping into parable mode, if you guys notice. In fact, if you notice, I've shared a parable with pretty much every one of these points, just so you know, I'm practicing what I preach. So you tie it to a value. So one of the best examples I've ever seen of this, I share with you guys during module number one, where this whole invisible concept, invisible funnel concept came from. And it came from Chet Home, how he was doing his radio ads, and he was doing these three hour webinars. And the webinars were free. And the other webinar, they charged $300 if you liked it. And his webinar was awesome. So they spent the entire three hours and the end of each of his little modules, he would have people tie down like, how much, if you apply this one secret here, how much money will that make you over the next year? Okay, so for example, like in Jessica's example, after she showed people, just like if she said, here's how you do the newspaper thing, they'll get a piece of paper, I want you to write down on your paper, how much, if you start doing this every single week, how much money will that save your household if you do that? Write that number down. Is it $50 a month? Is it $100 a month? Is it $500 a month? And have them write that down on the paper. And then number two here, same thing, if you were to go apply that, how much would that be worth to you? And have them write that down, the module three, same thing. If you'd apply that, what would that be worth to you? And that's what Chet did in his. And by the end of it, he had everyone tally up, saying, I want you guys to sit down, I want you just to put this into perspective. Take those five or six numbers you had, add those up, and we're gonna find out how much this webinar is worth to you if you go and apply it. And because it was a business one, he had people coming back saying, that webinar is worth $1.2 million, that webinar is worth $800,000, that webinar is worth $3.5 million to me, because if they implemented that, it's what it actually would be worth to them. So he did a great job of tying a value to the information they just received. And then after you've tied that value, this is where you guys are asking for the money, this is where you're telling them that we're gonna be billing them basically. So you come back and say, now, if this webinar, as you guys remember, so you have to remind them what happened, when you registered, you put your credit card down, but we didn't bill you anything, we told you that after the webinar, only if you love it, we'd bill you. So if this webinar, now, then you come back, now, most of you guys told me that this webinar was worth at least $500 to you, most of you guys told me it was worth $5,000, most of you guys told me it was worth whatever that is. Now, my question to you was, was this worth the $25 that we wanna charge for it? So now, after you've built that huge value in their mind, now you come back to what the actual price is. You said it was worth $1 million, are you willing to pay $97 for it now? And then after you say, if so, if it was worth the $97 to you, then don't do anything and tomorrow we'll bill your card the $97. So do anything we'll bill you. If it wasn't worth it for whatever reason, if you went through this and you didn't see this worth at least $97, then please email me. If it hasn't been worth $97 to you, I don't wanna take your money for it. Email me and we'll cancel your payment and it won't go through tomorrow. But if it was worth it to you, then don't do anything at all and we'll bill you the $25 and we'll part as friends. So yeah, that works you guys. This is the key to this whole magic thing, is the tying of value. So again, you come back here, you come, you create the value for it. But we create the value for it. And then after you built the value to this point, they come back saying, cool, will you pay this much for it? And most people, when you do this, always say yes. I think I told you guys before, when we were doing this, we get about 90% of the people to let us bill their credit card. Only about 10% of our average ever email us to cancel, which is amazing, especially for the fact that you get about five to six times more people to register for this than a typical webinar. So it's awesome. So again, I'm gonna kind of... I'm gonna role play this for you again, Ken. So let's just say this is... In fact, I'm working on an invisible funnel right now. I may even... Actually, I will send you as my slides when I finish with it. Hopefully next week or so I'll be finished with it. So you can see how I've taken these seven secrets type thing, how I built the whole thing, just like I'm telling you guys right now. And I'll show you how I transition, Ken. But again, I say... So I'll come back to my recap. So during the last three and a half hours, we've covered a lot of really important things about dot com secrets we've taught you guys. Step one, we taught you this. Okay, step number two is this. Now, most of you guys wrote down a value for each step. And I'm just curious, I want to find out how much... If you go and apply these secrets, how much this will actually be worth to your business? Because it's important for me. I want to make sure that the step I'm giving you is providing a lot of value. So write down that number and then let me know. If it's a live webinar, they can message you if it's a fake one. An automated webinar, they can still email you the answer. And then from that, you'll know what most people say it's worth after you've done it once or twice. Okay, so it looks like most of you guys say that the information you learned over the last three and a half hours is worth at least $3,500 to you. And that's awesome because if I can save you $3,500 and put that into your business immediately, I'm gonna be excited. You're gonna be excited. We all kind of come out as winners, right? And I want to remind you, when we started this webinar, when you signed up for original, you put a credit card down, but we didn't bill you anything because I wanted to prove to you that I knew what I was talking about. I wanted to give you my best information up front. I didn't want to be like the other gurus out there who were trying to screw you over and try and take your money. I wanted to even put them in a test and see if I was worth it before you ever paid. Now you've been through this process, most of you guys told me it was worth at least $3,500. And so I want to come back now and remind you that we're gonna bill you $97 if this webinar was awesome for you. So if it was awesome for you, then don't do anything at all. And we'll bill your card tomorrow with $97 we agreed upon and we'll send you out access to the Replace webinar so you can watch it whenever you want. If this was not worth it to you and for whatever reason you didn't like it, that's fine. It doesn't hurt my feelings. I just ask you email me, let us know and we'll cancel your credit card tonight so that way it doesn't get billed tomorrow. But also let me know why you didn't like it because I just want to make sure that in the future I can make this webinar better. We have over 90% satisfaction rate, almost everyone loves it. And if you didn't for any reason, and I can't see why you wouldn't love it, but if you didn't, I want to know so I can make it better. I'm always here to serve you as much as I can and that's about it. But again, if you loved it like most people did, then don't do anything at all and I'll bill you $97 that we agreed upon and we'll send you out a replay tomorrow. Does that sound fair you guys? Because that's kind of how I do it. You guys see how I frame that? And we do it that way, the majority of people never will cancel. We had one, we did this webinar once with somebody and they totally botched this part. They did it really bad. They got a lot of refunds. You know correctly though, it's easy. It all comes back to creating a value, tying that webinar to the value and then dropping your price saying, look, this is all you're paying for. Is it worth it? Okay. That was probably the most technical part. Any questions you guys have about that part before I move on to the last couple sections? Any questions at all? There's no way of teaching it so good you guys have no questions. Come on now. Someone said, do you still send people that wanted to refund the webinar replay? No, I personally don't. If they refund it, I don't give them the replay. If they don't refund, then yeah, I give them the replay. I want them watching that a thousand times because I'm about to pitch in the next thing that I really wanted to sign up for. Okay. All right. Alex said, how do we stack correctly? So the stack back here, the biggest thing is just tell them, again, I would say, this is what module number one is and then you just tell them the major benefit of that. If you remember that module, I share with you this. Module number two is this. If you remember, I shared with you this. Okay. So that's a good question. Race, are you able to write a script for this section? Actually, Ray, how about we do this? I said my new invisible funnel that I'm in building is almost finished. My goal is to record that next week. I will actually get the entire webinar transcribed all three or four hours of it and I'll give it to all you guys. And that way you can go in my transcripts of me actually pitching it and you'll be able to see word for word what I did and you can just take that and you can basically read it while you're doing yours if you want. Put in your own words, obviously, but if that would be helpful, I can definitely do that for you guys. That'd be cool. Oh, someone said, fan bloody tactic. Awesome. Thanks, Ray. Cool. Yeah, that'd be kind of fun. And you guys will see this whole process in action. Because I haven't built on my slides for a while, you'll be able to see the whole thing. Okay. So Daryl's asking me, he said, I have a product that sells for $9.97. How would you suggest that I permit your prepayment system at this kind of a price? Good question, Daryl. I know a little about your business, I believe. What I would do is, this webinar, you're not giving them your product. This webinar, you are pre-selling them on your product. You're teaching them how to do what you do in a two to three to four hour period of time. If you're not selling the product yet, you're just giving them an amazing training. The next step in this process is where we actually sell the product. So let me go to that part first. And I think that'll, I think that might help answer that question. So let me jump to that part before, and I'll come back that afterwards if it didn't. Okay. All right. So we did that. We did it. We tied the value. Was it worth this to you? If so, if not, then come back down and we closed the webinar. This is where we start selling them stuff, the next thing in our value ladder, right? This is where most people get so scared. I love it. I love, this is my favorite part about going to seminars. You see someone from stage and they've been teaching, teaching, teaching, and also they're shifting to where you sell something and they get so scared. Their eyes get all nervous and they start sweating and they start talking faster and they start mumbling. And it's the funniest thing in the world. In fact, this is a cool story slash parable that I'm gonna share with you about this topic. So my wife joined this MLM and a lot of you guys know I'm an MLM junkie. It's a company called Lotera and they have essential oils. And the company's really good. So we got the oils and then she signed up under our neighbor. And our neighbor had a party and invited us over to the party. And so I was like, I totally want to come to this party because I love seeing sales in action. Like nothing gets me, like I'd rather go and watch people try to sell stuff to each other than go to a movie. That's my favorite thing is watch people sell stuff. We had, during our sales, we would come to my house. It's like the greatest day of my life. Like nothing makes me happier than to hear their sales pitch, right? So we go to this party and there's like 10 people in the room and then the person gets up in front of the room and they do that little thing and they show the products and talk about how great the company is and all the different uses for the products and all the stuff that people feel comfortable with, right? They can share their content. They get excited by that. And then all of a sudden I watched as this lady transitioned from that to trying to pitch the business opportunity behind the program. And everyone in the room knew she was gonna pitch something, but she was so scared of that. You saw like five minutes before it got there, you saw her getting more and more nervous. You saw her twitching, you saw her hands getting sweaty. She started talking faster and she started to try to close. And it was, I wish I would have recorded it because she started going on and on about this client and MLM and it's this, but it's not this and this and trying not to, and she talked about how great it was, then backtracked out how bad MLM is, but how good this MLM is, and then told us to sign up, but then told us, oh never mind, you don't have to if you don't want to, and blah, blah, blah, and then just ended on this awkward silence. And everyone got up and kind of awkwardly left the party. And except for me, I was laughing so hard because I know that pain. I know how many times I got stuck in that situation and I didn't know how in the world to transition from teaching to sales. And I learned the magic six words that made this transition so easy for me, and it's always easy for me now. And these are the six magic words. What they are is, let me ask you a question. Okay, that's how you transition from teaching to closing. So after you know the stuff, after you said this whole thing about, if it wasn't worth at least $1,000 to you, then email me, we'll cancel, otherwise we'll bill you a credit card. That's not good, you guys. Awesome. Now let me ask you a question. Okay, and that's my transition point. Let me ask you a question. All the stuff we've been talking about for the last four hours has been awesome, right? All you guys got tons of value, you just told me everyone here is going to be getting built tomorrow because it was so amazing. But let me ask you as a question, if you had someone helping you implement this whole thing, would that be interesting to you? Or if you had a membership every single month, I gave you all these cube arms, would that be interesting to you? Or if if I was to give you a home study course, they had all of the things that I used and all the scripts and all the templates and all the blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, would that be valuable to you? Okay, and you just basically, I mean, we talked about a lot, you guys, about value ladder, right? About this is a whole process, right? Up here is the real thing you want to sell because this is where your money comes from, right? This is where your pitching is this big thing right now. So everything you've been teaching during this invisible funnel is usually like the how to, the how to behind it. And this right here, we talked about, this is your magic bolt, right? This is that thing that they all want. Okay, the instant result, the how to and then the magic bolt. So right here, you come back here, let me ask you a question. And now this is your shot, come say, here's my magic bolt I have for you guys. You want it? This is magic bolt, it's going to save, it's going to just make all of your stress, all of your fears, everything just disappear. Okay. When you can create a magic bullet offer, that's the best thing in the world. So when I'm trying to create this offer, I know most of you guys have created this backend offer, I'm going to do this. I'm going to blink this out. Okay, here's our value ladder, right? Here's our, here's our magic bullet offer, the main thing that we want to sell, right? If you can create this in such a way that takes away all the pain that they're going to be feeling when they try to do this thing, you just taught them, that's the best thing in the world. Okay, so if you say, look, here are the pain points that most of my customers are going to go through. They got to get a website set up, they got a designer hire, or hire designers and programmers and copywriters and this and this, here's a lot of pain programs. If your magic bullet can do all that for them or somehow alleviate all that pain, people will buy it all day long. Okay, that's why we call it a magic bullet. It's the thing that will get them every single time. Okay, and everyone in your business says there's a magic bullet. Okay, and that offer is what we want to offer from this point. Okay, for a Q-Parring website, it could be people in the hard part could be finding Q-Pons and keeping them organized in category, all that kind of stuff, or maybe it's finding the hottest deals or whatever it might be, how can I get rid of those pain points for them? Okay, we have a membership side, do we have a... What's that thing? What's the magic bullet we can offer back here? For business opportunity, a lot of times it's done for you, for coaching, a lot of times it's done for you, maybe it's a retreat where they come to your house, or maybe it's... In fact, we're building, Dagen and I are doing an invisible funnel right now, we're gonna be teaching people the invisible funnel process and then if it's selling a really expensive workshop, they can come and we'll actually help them build it out live in person. Again, any business, you just gotta figure out what's that magic bullet, what are their pain points that I can help get rid of, and that's what you want to offer from that point. And the transition to that is, let me ask you a question. All the stuff we just taught you guys is really, really cool, but it's kind of hard. How would you like to have me do that? That's basically what the offer is. Again, some of your businesses you aren't doing done for you, so maybe let me ask you a question. Who here would love to save $500 a month on their groceries, but they're really concerned because of this? We can help. Let me ask you a question. Who here thinks this is awesome, but you're scared you're not gonna be able to lose the weight on your own, even with this information? That's a good question. Let me tell you, I have to help you with that. Do you guys see how that works? That's how the whole let me ask you a question thing works. Now, after we transition from that, now we've got to close the sale. Actually, these should be different order. I'm gonna go to number 12 first, and I'm gonna come back to number 11. So number 12, this is our simple three-step close. If any of you guys have gone through my sales training stuff, most of that stuff is really complex. We do so much of new trial closes. We do open loops, closed loops. We do all sorts of crazy ninja stuff. In this sales process, you don't need any of those things. As long as you're offering a magic bullet to them, and you give them some amazing content, and they love you, and they trust you, all you need to do is a very simple three-step close. This is what it is. You gotta tell them, first, this is what I've got. Second, this is why you need it. And third, this is how you get it. That's it. That's why I love the system. It's the most simple sales system in the world. So this is what I got. This is my magic bullet I have where you saw those pain points we just talked about. It's a three-day workshop. It's a membership site. It's a home study course. It's a licensing deal. It's a whatever it is. This is what I've got. This is why you need it. You need this because as you just saw on the webinar, all the stuff's really good, but it takes a lot of time. It could take you three months. It could take you six months. It could take you a year to do this. You need this because this is going to shortcut you from where you're at to where you want to be instantly. This is why you need it. Now, can you get it? All you have to do is go to blahblahblah.com to get it. It's very simple. So again, I'm going to stress this like 10 times. This is what I've got. Again, what's your magic bullet? Home study course, seminar, workshop, membership site, business in a box, licensing deal, done for you, whatever it is, whatever your magic bullet is, this is what I've got. And then this is why you need it. And this is where you start bringing out a pain point. You need this because and this comes back to their fears. What are their fears? Most people's fears is that they don't have enough time to do it. They don't trust themselves to actually do it. The thing is going to take too long. The thing is going to be too hard. Those are the reasons why most people don't actually do stuff. So I play that. I play off that. The reason why you need this is because it's going to take you three months to implement this. The reason why you do this is because you've been overeating your whole life and if you don't get a coach to kick you in the butt, you're probably going to keep overeating. All right? This isn't the first weight loss product you ever bought. I'm guessing. You need this because you've been trying to be successful online for years and you're still not. Am I right? I'm not probably not the first product you ever bought about internet marketing yet. You're still not successful. Am I right? This is why you need this. This is a shortcut to get you where you want to go fast. This is the magic bullet we created so you can get the result you want. That's why I'm offering to you right now. And then this is how you get it. Just go to blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. That makes sense, you guys. So that's that three step close. That's it. That's the entire sales process. Nothing complicated, nothing difficult, but it's something that all of you guys can do. You do this all the time to your friends and family members. They just don't know it. You probably don't even know yet. If you look at any of my squeeze pages, you look at any of my sales videos, this is the formula we follow. Very, very simple, very easy. And that's the same formula that you guys need for closing. Now, after we've done the three step close, the last step here is how do you get it? That's what we're talking about here is picking how you want to close. And there's different ways. One way and probably the most easiest is you have a website set up with an order form. Just say, all you have to do is go to www.comsecrets.com slash special magic offer. And when you go there, there'll be an order form, you sign up and boom, you get started. So that's the straight to website sale. The positives of that is it takes no staff or effort you to send them there and it magically happens. The negatives behind that is you'll lose a lot of people. People who have a question or they're stuck and they don't know what to do and so they're not going to go to the website. Option number two is what we call a takeaway close. A takeaway close is basically where you say, look, this is the program, it's amazing, but I've got limited time and limited resources. And if you're interested in working with me, you need to tell me why I should work with you. You're taken away from all you do. If you're interested, go to this application, fill out the application. If I'm interested, I will call you up and we can get in business together. And then on your application, you have to answer questions that sell you, that they're basically selling you on why you should take their money. Application-based closes are amazing. I have made so much money off of this because as soon as you tell them to apply, they are begging for you to pick them. In the application, you can structure the question saying, why should I pick you to be part of my program? Why would you be better picked than somebody else? Are you willing to invest time, energy, and money into this kind of thing? You get people saying, yes, I'm the best pick because of this. And you should pick me because of this. And I want to work you because of this. And they sell you on why you should work with them. So when you call back after the application, you're like, look, you told me 30 reasons why I should work with you. And I think I want to have you on my team, so I just need your credit card. At that point, they can say, oh, no, never mind, I don't want to. They just sold you for 20 minutes on why you should take their money. Then you call back, it's the easiest sell in the world. And I love application-based stuff. Especially for high ticket things. If you're selling things for over $1,000, a lot of times it's really difficult to sell them straight off a website. But to sell them, where they go apply, and then you call them back, applications work amazing. And so that's why the free applications are awesome. Now, there's going to be a point when a lot of you guys, you start driving a lot of traffic. And this is what we got to, where we got so many applications that we couldn't keep up with everybody. And so for a while, we hired a call center, we had staff, and then I realized that I don't want to call center or staff. And so we got rid of that. So we shifted now to, instead of doing a free application, because I don't want to call everybody in the world, I'm going to make them pay for it. And then I only call people who are paying to apply to apply. And what we do to the paid applications is basically say, look, if you want to apply, it's 37 bucks. If we don't pick you, we'll refund you 37 bucks. But I'm not going to call every single person, I just want to call people who are serious. So show me you're serious by paying 37 bucks, fill out the application, we'll call you afterwards. And if you're fit, we'll bring you on. If not, we'll refund you $37. Okay. One company I know does that right now, they are killing it. They get about a 40% close rate on the phone call afterwards. And they're selling $800 a month software program. So that's what they're doing off a $37 application fee. Because the positioning is perfect. They're positioned in their structure and they're ready to pay whatever it is, because they just sold themselves on you. Okay. Now the other option, and I haven't done this yet, I think the new webinar we might do this, Frank Kernsner right now though, where his program he's selling is $10,000. And he charges a $1,000 application fee that he personally calls him back. Okay. And so what happens is he does a webinar and he may only get four or five people to do it. Those four or five people are very, very serious. When he calls them on the phone, he sells them and sells them $10,000 in our package. If he has four or five people at $10,000, $30,000 to $50,000 is not bad for doing one webinar. Would you guys agree? Okay. If you have one of those, then it will show you guys to be ecstatic. Okay. And so that's how you do a paid application. Okay. So those are kind of the options. Now, again, the positive thing about paid application is it makes it a lot easier to sell high ticket stuff. The negative part is either you got to do phone calls or you got to have staff do phone calls. And that can be negative. But if you charge the application, those calls cut in half. If you charge more for the application, the number keeps going down. Okay. So just from a strategy standpoint, that's kind of how that whole thing works. Okay. And so that's how we pick our closes. Okay. And so that's kind of the process for you guys. So what I want you guys doing this week is I want you guys kind of writing out the process. Again, you sent me to review. But kind of like this. We start with your story. Now, again, I don't want you to type out your whole story in the email because a couple of you guys have done that. You sent me 40 pages. I just want a gist of the story you're going to tell. So I'm going to be like, story about how I was broke and lame and now I'm rich and awesome. Okay. There's my story. And then number two, what am I going to teach them? My outline, secret number one, secret number two, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Okay. Then I'm going to teach, then I can not hear it, I teach the module. So I'm teaching my came in lemonade diet. I'm going to tell my parable about my three-day story. Except for one is by Cayenne. This number two is blah. And my example, I'm going to pull an example of what's his name because that's a cool example. Secret two is this. Secret three is this. Boom, boom, boom, boom. You walk through secrets. Okay. Then I recap. So you recap your outline here. Copy it again. Tie to a value. You can kind of write this out. And yeah. So if you guys can map that out in a Word document like this, that'll be kind of the game plan for today. And then you can send to me if you want me to review it. I can look at it and give you guys feedback. And then next week we're going to start focusing on turning this and how to transition this into a PowerPoint presentation. I'm going to show you guys some easy ways to do it. And the main reason I'm doing this, I probably was, I wasn't planning on doing this webinar, but I was out in San Francisco at this event. There's 1800 people in the event. And this dude was on stage for 90 minutes and he gave the most painful presentation ever because his slides were horrible. They were so bad. And slides can be so simple and so easy. I want to show you guys kind of the basic way that we do them, where you can create your whole PowerPoint presentation in like an hour. And it's way more engaging, way more exciting, and just awesome. So that's kind of the game plan. So if you guys can make sure you're outlined done right away, then I'll show you guys how to use this outline very quickly and very easily turn it into your PowerPoint presentation. Okay, so that's the plan for next week. And after that, basically guys, we're going to set up the recording lines where you just schedule out a webinar with our team. We will set it all up on our side and you'll come on the webinar, we'll click record and you're just gonna teach your entire webinar. And we're gonna record it and give the video done for you. After that video is done for you, then we plug in the webinar software and we start on the rest of the process. But that's kind of the next step in this. So again, get this part, spend some time on this. I mean, for me personally, I usually spend a week or so just building out my whole outline like this and getting it perfect. And then I spend the day getting in, I have 90 a day, a couple hours getting the slides. And then I like, I like practice teaching it to myself a couple times just because when you teach to yourself using your PowerPoint slides, you'll start seeing the stuff that you're missing. Like, oh, I explain this concept, I should show a picture here. I explain this by show, it kind of helps you. And so that's what I'd recommend is do it once or twice out loud to yourself. And time it and make sure that obviously you've got enough substance to rationalize whatever they're paying. If they're paying 97 bucks in your webinars, like 30 minutes long, probably not long enough. But they're paying 20 bucks in this an hour, an hour and a half is probably fine. You know, just make sure that after you've kind of done it once or twice, you see, you kind of know what the length is. Because what's going to happen when you record it live, you'll probably be a little bit nervous and you'll probably talk faster and it'll be shorter than what it is when you teach it on your own. And so I want to make sure you guys feel comfortable. And the best way to stretch the length of your presentation is these stories and these parables you're creating is really tell a good story. Like, this whole storytelling process back here, like you can almost use this with every single parable. Obviously, I'm not going to spend, you know, 20 minutes on each of the every single one of these, but I might spend four or five minutes telling this whole story of the parable. Okay, because the parable, believe it or not, is more important than the steps you teach people. Okay, when all is said and done, they will not remember every single step you told them. They're not going to remember step number one, seven or two. All they're going to remember is that story you told them, and then the example that proves what you just talked about. That's what they're going to remember, when all is said and done. And if they, if you've done a good job, then that, and they remember that story strong enough in their head, that's what's going to make them go back to their notes and figure out what are the steps, because they, that story is sold so strongly. Okay, and that's why last week you guys spent so much time on a storytelling process. Okay, we need to become masters at telling stories and bringing out, you know, like, for example, when I told you guys the story of the MLM lady that she was pitching us on my wife's MLM at their house, I didn't just tell you there's a lady, she was pitching, she got nervous and it was really awkward. I told you about her hands, how they were sweating, I told you how awkward she got, how we felt, how all everyone in the audience, what they were feeling like, I shared what happened before, during, and after. I talked about, like, what she was probably feeling, what I was feeling. You know, I tried to bring as much of those kind of emotions as possible, because most of us would tell stories we don't, we just tell the high level story. But we got to become storytellers, because that's what engages people. That's what gets them to want to listen to you, what makes them want to keep paying you. And that's obviously our goal. Okay, so you guys see all these things we're kind of sharing or tying together. I know it's been like three weeks now of pieces, and next week is where we all start putting all these pieces together to our Spanish final product. And that's where it's gonna be pretty exciting. So are there any questions right now? We've been going for a little over an hour, I just wanna see if any of you guys have any questions for me. And now we're pretty much gonna be done with this presentation now. Okay, cool. Vicki asked if I got her value letter. I mentioned in the beginning of the webinar, I was, after our last training, I flew out two hours later to San Francisco, and I just got back last night. And so I have three or four people that are waiting on feedback from me, so I will get that back to you as soon as possible, probably the next day or so. I apologize, it's taking longer, I just wasn't in town, and I apologize for that. Cool, cool. Oh, Darrell, on your side. So to kind of revisit your question, so this whole thing right here, what you're teaching here is not your $9.97 problem. This is your like $97 conceptually teaching that concept, and the back here is where you're selling your $9.97. Okay, so back here is where you wanna make the pitch for your high ticket type thing. And so that's kind of the process. Cool, Ray said that I'll make sense just to get in and build out the outline of the stories. And exactly, if you guys start building out the outline of the stories, and after you have that, it all becomes really easy. Because now you're just telling stories, which is always fun. But building that out, it does take a little while, get all the pieces together, but after you have all that, then you're ready to rock and roll. Cool, awesome, awesome. Okay, Kylie said, can we give them an option to go to the website or application with two products, one inferior to that? Yeah, you can definitely do that. All these things that they're more of an art than a science. If you wanted to say, hey, if you want, I mean, you can definitely try this for yourself. Like you go to the website right now, and you can go pick up this program. It's $197, it's really, really good. But if you wanna work one-on-one with me, that is a lot more expensive. And I'm really picky about those people. And so obviously, I'm not gonna tell you the price right now, but if you think you might be able to afford something that's a lot more expensive than that for one-on-one attention, fill out the application and we'll get started. And if not, then just get the one that you can use right now. So you can definitely do kind of a two-part close and offer both options. That would definitely work. Great questions. Cool. So you guys have your homework then. So I will... I should have the Replace webinar about tomorrow. I'll send you all this along with all the other handouts, all the other webinars so you guys have them all. And then I will try to get back to you guys about the questions you guys sent me as quick as I can. And as soon as you get me back to your outline on these, I'll feedback those as well. I said next week we'll be transitioning on putting these stories and outlines into our PowerPoints. And actually by next week, well, by next week, I'll probably have recorded mine. Probably be the end of next week before I get my transcripts back. That'll give you guys plenty of time also to go over mine while you're before you record yours, which would be really good. So awesome. I appreciate you. I hope you're having a fun time in Australia while we're freezing up here, Boise, Idaho. But I appreciate you guys. Have a great day. And I will talk to you guys all early next week. Thanks everybody.