everyone's russel brunson welcome you guys to the webinar for today before you start on a tree as can hear me if you can hear me you say yes in the question box please also wanted a webinar as on flight twenty minutes before somebody else ran into me that nobody could hear me he's so awesome use to hear me can well i'm gonna jump right in there uh... side of the state's webinar we have a lot of cool stuff we covering and uh... so they're quick case like also to be recovering today uh... really want to recap a little bit of last week on a lot of you guys in your homework on what he has been so uh... that's up to you definitely want to me or not on if you do send me a knife i haven't gotten back to you by now uh... please resend it uh... i bought i got this new email filter uh... actually i can recommend it's really good uh... it's called saying emails it goes into the java emails which is a nice coming down from like five six hundred a day that used to get down to like twenty day uh... so it's a lot more manageable but with that some of the emails i should be getting so if you have a back to you please resend it and uh... and i'll try to make sure that that i get it i said to you back to all the ones that i had already today so just uh... make sure you got that and i can be shuffling around uh... the original way i was going to teach this this course uh... the modules are different than they are now and i've got to move things up and out based on some feedback and some of the the questions and it's a fact i've been getting back to you guys want to make sure that covering uh... what's going to be most important uh... along the way so that's why today i decided to jump more into the storytelling process uh... as opposed to have planned and then we will next week and go back to what i was what i had planned for for today it's really important and uh... i think it's a lot of you guys what is that you know what you want to sell you know uh... you know you kind of know what the things are but uh... i could tell from some of the responses most and back to me that there's there's some of this part missing storytelling process and um... and i really think that this is the the most important most important part and so i want to have a lot of time on this uh... kality said twice and i didn't get it so i will you make a note of that i don't forget to look uh... if you if out of i don't get it uh... my assistant was was carbon-copied on the most emails and uh... and skelsey just make sure you know to her as well and say calc makes a rustle gets this i'll be very modest calcy at success the dot com there is a sense of season address to awesome kid i'm sure i was noticed but uh... storytelling is by far the most important uh... aspect to selling uh... i look at just my whole evolution uh... in my career as a as a marketer as a salesperson and when i really started understanding the story process is what started uh... really increasing money i was making and it's interesting i i've got into storytelling and i was learning about it you know kind of getting into it and then about a year ago when i close friends and you guys are actually a chance to meet him here soon seems to be in smith last last january actually hung out at an event simivanna actually going to this weekend called traffic and conversions of it while we were there we had lunch and he started telling me the the storytelling principles and processes he learned studying and uh... and it's really fascinating so over last year so we can come back and forth and uh... he didn't have it will allow call uh... storytelling secrets and uh... and the course was amazing from the course he kind of had this uh... this uh... this map it out sketch out a whiteboard and one of the signs of my team actually this to hand out i gave him and ashes permission to be a chair so he has as well because uh... this really kind of illustrates the core important elements of of your story before you do kind of all these different elements uh... i want to dress uh... just the fact that that uh... there different times you can use this the story telling process okay and so right now i'm giving it to you guys more as like a high-level like here's a strategy and tell story that right away and in upcoming weeks were to be pulling parts of this out for your registration video for your actual webinar for the post sales a bunch of other pieces and so for right now but my biggest goals not to you how many uses rustles this part of the web and ours is part of my sales video it wouldn't wouldn't just come in uh... the answers yes and it'll come in multiple places right now just one i want you guys really get good at pulling out your story uh... i talk a lot of stuff i think i talked about some of us know australia uh... one of the big things that i've learned in my business and back all the businesses i have every every company i have i have one person who who is the attractive character that business so the dot com secrets business is me but our weight loss business it's david carry uh... would work in our dating business it's johnson green every industry have has has uh... person front of it and that person who call it attractive character okay an attractive character there their goals to kind of be out there communicating in bonding uh... with their audience and uh... and before i was the story telling stuff i kind of got introduced this attractive character stuff it's like a lot there and i started sharing stories about my personal life and putting them out there and and sharing with my audience and was interesting is uh... when i first got this business was for us to college i just got married my wife and uh... and i was still rest and so when i would get my audience i would i would send emails and tell seminars stuff back then i also wrestling stories and that was kind of who i was and uh... and i remember the first time i asked to speak at a seminar i should be seminar i started uh... teaching and do it during my teaching i shared different stories different parables about uh... about wrestling because i was what i was into and what i was you know excited about the time it was interesting as the end of the seminars i would go and we look at the back of the room and people come back my my product and the majority of people in back of the room at the time were always like athletes and uh... and it was really about there and they buy and they get that i have a football college right i ran track or you ever was never had their their story about being an athlete they want to tell me and i was interesting that like the majority my audience or buying with athletes and i spoke to this one separate and uh... and i spoke to my i did my thing and again same same action in the end of it back in the room or a whole bunch of do you think it out by my product and then right after me uh... a woman got a spoke it's me as no alley brown she was most of the she spoke nearly after me and it was actually shocking how similar presentation was to my night almost identical we're selling the exact same concept exact same everything but she had a much worse job of selling it and that's not just me being cocky but she knew very good job but then she had a selling and i looked at the back room and there was she was surrounded by women for whatever reason the women ran back there and offer my crazy those are so i really start seeing late no the sales message is important but a lot of it a lot more than i think is actually how do people want you then fast forward a little while later and this is the time the wife and i uh... started trying to get pregnant right and uh... and at first it didn't work here we tried for about two and a half years nothing was working in that was happening in and we're looking at frustrated in and depressed names of events that process before noses it's a devastating thing it's really you know all your friends around you're getting pregnant every t-v-show everyone's pregnant it's just like that thing you can't happen and so you desire more than anything in the world and really struggles it in and uh... and then uh... after a little while uh... we are particularly drugs and i think first month with such process and nothing happened second month nothing happened you know my wife was give yourself shots of the stuff she's taking pills as this whole process nothing's happening in finally third month after the process i was sitting there and uh... my wife's out in the yard working in a couple of all answer the phone was the nurse it's a congratulations you guys are pregnant it's around to this around out you know to the street at a call class to collect their parents and as a pregnant and and uh... issues so excited and what's kind of interesting is that same day was the day that my my family her family were coming up to go to uh... to go to my height or my college graduation and at literally a minute after i told she's was out for important balling arise out and everyone like my my parents for her parents for all the brothers and sisters to understand how quickly she's going to sit don't tell you don't tell you when i'm pregnant it's all you know so thank you that you'll keep myself together and everyone comes in your eyes are already finally uh... look at clad she looks at me she nods it's you can tell me yes okay to tell everybody story tell everybody so everyone gets what we're pregnant every start prying say only that we try for two years and uh... and i was kind of we found out we're pregnant and then fast forward a little while later uh... month and a half later we were in doctor's office sat down and he's our student ultrasound and boom i'll be pregnant were pregnant with twins and so i start on that story is part of my my cells when i was when i was speaking and i told it you know that's just a story i how does that relate anything i'm talking about right uh... so i tried that to like the reason why i i think it's important to become a good marketer because uh... the company that that we used to to uh... to get pregnant uh... they were on opera and they happen to be a local town and i said look you really believe in in your your product you need to be aggressive about your marketing get out there because it wasn't for that company for what they were willing to market their product aggressively we never would have found out about because they did it changed our life forever that's how i tried that story my presentation and uh... the end of that that i still remember is the end of that presentation i sold was the back of the rules fascinating was no longer was a whole bunch of guys back there but there were guys back there there were parents back there there were mothers there were and uh... pretty guys who who uh... who have twins or if you are a twin it's interesting like like if you're twin every single person you bump into wants to tell you their twin story you know that i could be what in the grocery store walking down the aisles and every single person jumps out like he got to get some of the twin i know it's when my brother's twin they always want to be between story and i saw how to sell so sell and everybody come back to them and what i'm a twin story in the by the product because i was relating people on that level and it in that those stories i were telling were sucking people in and uh... was interesting is a little while later uh... if you're going to my seminars back then uh... it was still a majority room like eighty five percent guys fifteen percent women right a couple years we launched a product called micro continuity and we used uh... one of our successors to kind of made her the story can she came to our to a micro continuity event she had launched a product she launches whole business and immediately after that we launched that product next that we did and west of the men walking room and i was shocked because literally is a fifty fifty split fifty percent women fifty percent men and at the end of the event we can surveyed everybody find out you know what their motivation was why they came things like that and what was interesting is that the majority of the women also the exact same thing they all said i want to become joy anderson and a shock me i said look look at the crowd we try to because we share different stories that story affected different group of people and uh... little while later launched a product and zanagen spencer uh... were a newly wed couple into our course and they launched this huge usually successful hairball business and made a lot of money without a share that story in in ourselves process and that's that we showed up at we had like twelve uh... young married couples in the audience and again sending one exited and and so it's just interesting like how stories affect people how they get people to take action to get people to relate to the people listen to you and uh... and that's why over last year we've really spent a lot of time like how do we how do we take this story telling process how to break it down how do we make this is something we can replicate over and over and over again this uh... graph right here is kind of the the the end of a lot of work a lot of testing and i want to really try to show my things today in the state is one that really uh... was person my life who who got me into this really spearheaded it uh... and ever since i've been using this it's it's literally change my business we made so much more money just by understanding this process and so i'm a walkie-talkies process initially i'm going to find go through all these are pieces then i'm gonna kind of go through it a story with you guys one of my history how you saw these elements and in the homework for today's base that what you guys take this hand out of email all to you guys but what you guys to start to writing start writing out your story uh... because when you're out your story will be amazed at and uh... just the you'll be amazed at what comes out of it because most people they had a product you know most of us by default it sells people we say is my product we start learning how to get out the story behind the product that's we start making a bunch of money k that's we start getting people engaged i got the feedback on almost everybody that sent back was this is really good but what's you know we need to dig behind what's the story behind the story likewise this thing you know this is a result you want to give him why is that exciting because by itself you know the way this phrase was next time but that is a story behind it uh... make you really excited so that's kind of my goal you guys is to help policing doubts will go through this process start thinking about it uh... from your own personal standpoint because you're gonna be using this uh... over the next week or so so this is the process again i'm gonna walk you through it starts atop left and it goes to the right and it curves down and comes back and ends down here the invitation so that's where we go now this first one the very first step here uh... this is what i learned in the end and this one has meant so much extra money for me i can explain uh... typically when i started story i would start a story but we mostly will start a story where it's like hey so there was a walk down the street and uh... and they kind of go through this process and then they get to the story like five minutes into it with that the exciting part of the story right if you look at like really good movies movies don't start really really boring and they work to excite part you know five minutes in the movie start at the peak uh... the highest point of drama possible okay uh... one of the best examples is i'm not sure if you guys are seeing the movie cliffhanger uh... this is all movie probably fifty twenty years ago uh... with us let's just alone and it's all about is that the rock climbing now the movie could have started where there are a lot of instructors and on the mountain and their climbing all stuff they said this this this line across the canyon and then they start climbing in this line snaps everyone almost dies in and this drama right but if you start that movie plug it in very first second they're on this line across this huge ravine of no it was gonna happen and the person falls in all members of what i was watching as a little kid i remember like my hands and my feet were so king because i was so stressed out and that's where the movie began at that point like you're stuck in you are so engaged you are never leaving okay and so uh... you always want to start a story at the point of high drama uh... and this is this is such a key thing we had a and again this is gonna tie into your webinars sells video sells like everything you do uh... one of ourselves are for dating offer uh... i didn't write this the copy for this one of the copyright right and give to me and this is the process are reading it first like page and a half was like him trying to work the audience people excited knees like and i was i was reading us so bored and also about a page into it he told the story and the story and this is i feel bad for my dating guide he's got engaged so uh... so it's got happy and informed but uh... he was kind of snorty i'd have a girlfriend and he's high school and uh... one day to get a little friend and but he's like calling on a phone in any answer in someone answers on the other line and what he didn't he knows select the dog or cat or something answered his girlfriend's phone and he can hear is girlfriend with some other guy he sat there listening this whole experience uh... of his girlfriend with the guy and just this pain he went through and it is very emotional hate like horrible story rise like that is the part that sucks you into a took this sells a i deleted the first page i started right there and it just it went from like this boring monday cells are too excited so it always is started place of high drama so a lot of us a lot of stories you have about why you do what you do may not seem exciting at first if you really start digging in thinking and start looking for that drama in it you can find a place of high drama and i'm gonna measure the as a story that the probably doesn't seem that exciting if you just look at from the outskirts group of women exciting despite by understanding the elements of story right so the starts the point of high drama that you tell us point of high drama now you have to jump back here to look you go back and now here's we tell you back story uh... and you must start the back story that's not really must start to start a drama they come back to your back story so well i'll give examples here after the process of start point i drama become back to our backs to tell our back story and in the back story somewhere along line in a wall right this wall is what stop us from progressing now again kind of we step back for a second the point of the stories you guys is as you as a story teller in our position yourself uh... i think he called the pretty yourself you you become the guru on the mountain right and what you have is what people want so if you've got a business or lifestyle or weight loss or you got a girlfriend or whatever the businesses right every business i have there's some big goal in the end right and the guru is up there they're on the mountain and everybody else was so stupid down down here on the bottom and they want to send up to the group and want to get to the mountain right but the only way to get somebody to want to come up to you is you guys show you've been with their for their at that makes sense okay and so uh... what's happening with the back story is you know the point i drama was crazy just happy but was always a little bit actually back through with boom i started where you started saving you were doing i was trying this i was trying this is work because of this and i was i was getting weight i was i think a girlfriend i uh... you know whatever you were your back story is the king this wall and this was probably were most of your clients are students or everyone call right now so you can look at that i like what's the wall you can do that they're also getting ready to okay cuz you're trying to get empathy here you want perfect empathy between you in in your your person really listening to the story right so boom they hit this you this wall now most of them stuck in this wall and they want help over right now for you because you're the guru because you're the person you know what the broke that wall and some online you have this epiphany came out my epiphany was uh... you know maybe you're a book maybe you had idea maybe something happened something we had epiphany came that's next step in the stories your epiphany and i guess i have epiphany is before in the past right about any topic in your life like also now is in bankruptcy rise this is gotta change right now or i was uh... three hundred pounds overweight and i tried every single way lost or try this is the nothing works also and boom i had to pick any missiles the thing finally work case you start the epiphany that's very important if the epiphany active epiphany you are sure like the idea explosion you had so after after i realized that i needed to eat less than you know i needed to work out more than i was eating also has a lot of this what if i did this what if i did this what if i did this what if i did this you start like giving people uh... all the possibilities that you can think of us this idea explosion is you can all these possibilities that is and and start seeing like wow this this it to think about your first year sharing the ideas you actually had the second off you give people all these ideas uh... and more i did the more the more so they are this concept more they want to follow on this path that is a good and that's an idea and all the ideas you share with them that also that they want those things right case you go to the day explosion then you came to uh... an impasse k i can either do this it hopefully it'll be okay or i'd or i don't k this is your yes no choice here now if i do it it could be really good but i'm scared and as you guys know most years your clients are students are scared to get their scare of success they're scared of failure they're scared of whatever and you just tell me you're in the same spot i was scared just like you and i know it is should do this or should not to do this is gonna cause pain is going to cause frustrations because hard work i don't do i go back on ways i'm kind of depressed but you know it's simpler or i can say yes and do it and lucky for me and for you for everyone i decided let's just do it and try it out and boom from there i start seeing my first signs so it's like i took the s route when i was passed and now what happened well for i did the same and boom i was rewarded i got some little science success and all you got somewhere in your path in your journey you've done your thing you had some kind of success right we did the same and boom actually work and we were shocked but it worked and because of that i wanted more of it you know i started my diet i lost a little weight in the work rate so now i got excited and i want to do more that's this now shifts over to to see your rapid growth k so did that but it is a start doing these ideas and also i started seeing big results from that case are seeing more growth more money more weight loss uh... girls are being attracted to me uh... life so i want to start coming to me you'll whatever whatever your guys stories k the rapid growth is the next phase that they come back to your say let me show you some case studies uh... of what happened it could be case studies of you could be case studies somebody else you shared with you started sharing like here's here's an example of street how this work in this situation and example how it worked over here the case studies were really makes these things really people k because of the excitement for coming to this process you hope to the hydra on the back story they got perfect perfect empathy with you now you shared your epiphany is suddenly like it gave them an epiphany as well if if you can give them the same if you had you got they should say it explosion excited by all that by all the possibilities and you show them look most of us fail here because we don't go down the s path but i did that we show you what what looks like on the side of it and boom i had some success in that had more success was great you know that the benefits for us are awesome let me show you some actual physical case studies this case is where you're starting more to appeal to the logic of some of as you know work right sell somebody into something there's basically uh... there's three core elements the year affecting the first one is you're trying to sell people emotionally and people always buy things emotionally k dot so this whole first part stories you bring in the motion but then the second steps after me but after they've they've sold themselves on something emotionally second they have to be sold logically and why this is actually a good thing it is a group that for example guy goes to to the car dealership by the two hundred thousand our car they come from the you know he's running around it emotionally he bought that thing we get some of his wife's like you spent two hundred thousand dollars on a car or friends they starts rationalizing logic well it's good gas mileage you know it uh... scott bumping up for warranties and known the reality is you bought it was really okay two thousand dollars on a car because it gets gas okay it's because you are the cost of the car then you got a little you've got a rationalize logically k and that's how this comes here this research in cases where this is where we're logically selling them on that concept that make that makes sense we're tying in the logic here you know and by the way if the third the third to the way close on the bike here by scarcity uh... and that's kind of down here talk about pain of inaction that's what you're using some of the the scarcity so those are three things lot or emotion logic and fear case case uh... addresses uh... logic which will use how it actually works now this is one is kind of cool that the day really i never thought before now he's serving in like the hidden benefits so uh... you know a lot people you know i i realize reason lost weight that uh... that i was a little bit but let me tell you other benefits that i was able to run more as happy with my kids i was able to do this and be a witness i have a job and i mean money in here's all hidden benefits you need to think about what is it is really straight to the cell because some online they're gonna they're gonna look back to the cells process they say is that really worth like that benefit really worth the the the money if there's just one benefit you like that's your fighting against or if i can show you guys here's a whole bunch of hidden benefits here's this thing in this thing all these things i didn't know about the came because of this thing that i did then the now you now you're uh... you're really stuck in the deck you give them a whole bunch of benefits or what reasons and the price is just one small thing it's not kind of that they can benefit to share shares all the benefits it came from it there's which over here to objection transformation this is where uh... people are gonna have objections k so uh... and this can be done a couple different ways one way is uh... you look at this is like now look i'm sure right now you're probably thinking about some you know about why this might not work let me explain to you explain to you why this does work you know you start you start off and people's objections and transform them a good example of this actually uh... when i first got started this is i did uh... a tell us that are the game i can and i didn't tell some of us in the past i just got on a new person we'd sell the product in and for this interview might call the updates he gave me uh... he sent me a little flight with an outline of of the tell us them he said k look rustle these are the four major concerns every house about my product they're concerned the price is too high they're concerned about this about this office he said here before questions you need to make sure you ask me during during our are tell some are because they will address those concerns in the room for you and so it was interesting like it gets people are concerned about the price of it so one of the questions that you had me ask him was was uh... uh... and notice that uh... you only price the software at four hundred dollars where i see other things are kind of similar usually three to four thousand dollars why would you why would you only sell yours at ten percent of what that the typical person so that so happens is also like the way that structure this question it took it from if i do something for dollars a lot of a lot of money for the software program to all it's only four hundred dollars for software program i i am i took that objection i transform it so that that objection begun k so for me if i know the kind of actions my clients are gonna have a new usually side money time uh... you know billy c like that i try to use this part here because it was a justice and transform them so here's where that that process happening that we come here when we start uh... shifting to uh... we'll do to the ultimate twist k the ultimate twist is kind of the big uh... uh... you know you you think i'm taking us path teaches one thing but there's something bigger and i'm a sure you would the ultimate twist is cases like pre-selling product that makes sense so i'm not going to right now but actually figure out a way to make this whole thing automatically out of here we make it so i can actually this entire process for you so you're looking to the shuttle is your child would be into it then you shift over here this is a powerful one before it before it what this is one is that as we're going to this process we're not a lot of problems on the states state one was this will fix it doing this mistake number two is this state number three is this is so you start sharing all the different states that you made during this during your path and how you fix it in your in your system is this helps will see that they'll understand that that i do so myself is always a little mistake i want to make sure that i don't get caught in the states it's your limited states right here and then here's where you share the ultimate solution they'll solution is we create a spot for you to really amazing so what's going to do for you but what uh... if you want to throw a twist here as well and then here's where you can be a fair close look this is something that's limited is only a drop for certain period i'm below all they make your mutation so that's the story telling process now or the story selling process now uh... if you guys ever look at it my sales letters my sales videos my webinars and that you'll notice that i think that you know sequences you know so i follow this process pretty close uh... it's not perfect all times these we are sick with some lines i may not have case studies or may have him benefits you know different order things like that you know so things change tweaked around a little bit but for the most part i try to follow this ever i write sales letter or a webinar or anything i plus the state for a look at it okay so this is a path of water tape people down any questions on that before sir sherry some examples of how of the stuff in action the question really quick please do i'll be the same what i do is uh... for one of my webinars and while you actually uh... tomorrow i will send you guys uh... a pdf of this email sequence as well as i three or four other email sequences that go through this process can see it in action what happens helps me to kind of map out you can see some of the winners out this is uh... this is when somebody registers for my dot com speakers local webinar so i have a webinar that teaches people how to be local consultants in their own hometown right now in their own city but some registers for webinar the government are and i do my whole process i seldom then i also have us i have an email series that i go through this exact same path and break up over i think seven or eight different days and we see the part of the story case on i'm i'm kind of it's kind of like a soap opera is a share part of the story that but i dragged out so that the they get parts of each day but it keeps them engaged keeps them wanting to watch the webinar keeps them wanting to come back for more again this is one of the ways we use the stories like so there's me three or four ways to use a story parts of sales video for the registration video parts in the fall series parts on the webinar uh... so i'm gonna read you guys the first few days of of this story so you can hear how i used it okay now this was a difficult one for me because uh... if you watch the webinar i never actually uh... have done local marketing we got a lot of guys workforce to do we've got uh... some really good success stories and so i couldn't i couldn't tell people story about how i became a local consultant that never been a local console so i find that what's in a story my life that i can tie into the story that'll get somebody to want to be engaged get some of the water to stop and and and during the program case so i'm just gonna read you as a couple these days uh... case so here's the subject right it says uh... the day my education failed me so this is the only get right for a register for my webinar series how did you hear i sat in the middle of the full auditorium a little confused that after everything you all in here like this i've been blindly following the status over fifteen years now all moving towards one goal only find out that the whole thing was a lie out to the left right i saw hundreds of others in the exact same situations me only it smiles on their faces you know what's about to happen to us saturday may fourteen two thousand five kids is also happened before so i started a point of high drama is don't right now you don't really know exactly what we're talking about but i kind of got you engaged right they think that one was talking about it this sounds kind of scary what's happening so i put a drama now you're back to my back story it was saturday may fourteen two thousand five the day i was finding graduating from college the day my parents it's only about three years you get a call to teach you to get a good job sure tonight there be a lot of celebrating but what about the next morning that's when we all a chance to meet the real world as we quickly found out it's not very nice or forgiving most of the people graduate with me if they were able to find jobs they're gonna be going into entry-level jobs making thirty to forty thousand dollars per year early enough to cover the monthly payments from the student loans loans which by the way are non dismissal even if you declare bankruptcy the change of debt and job market the campaign the campaign to cover the cost of our education is what we really will each inherited when we step into the real world so my looks around and i saw so i looked around i saw them all smiling on graduation day i was confused not for myself but for that you see something different happening to me can i'm switching over to my company if you can tell something different happen to me it happens after a year my economics class was a class that always struggle with but for some reason that they was different my teachers said one statement on the third day class about twenty minutes in his lecture when he explained that one concept it was as it was as if everything else around me stop i don't remember the rest of lecture and remember anyone sitting around me all our members will scribbling down six words in my notebook suddenly everything so clear i think it is a myself i heart-start racing my pulse quicken in my body tense as i picked up and so i know it's my policy little i know that time those six words would change my life forever it gave me the ability to bypass the real world and like everyone else my graduating class in twelve months of that day may fourteen two thousand five my graduation day i would already made over one million dollars so what was that statement there's only six words and yet somehow everyone else in the class missed it i'm sure they heard it but not like i did kept me up at night every time i thought about it things became so clear things became so clear and success seemed to come so easily it seemed like from that moment forward i was on it's kind of like playing the game pac-man where most of the games and running away from ghosts everyone's well pack of the one of those power pellets everything suddenly changes instead of a way from the ghost on fire you start chasing the ghosts and the game becomes yours for the taking that's why i felt and success literally came mine for the taking it's a most people spend their whole life i packed in the beginning game trying to stay safe and secure not even knowing the power pellets exist not knowing what it's like to be on that these power pellets cities power pellets these six words with epiphany that i had changed everything they will give you that statement which is the key you need to come free tomorrow but for today i want you know that when i give you this key it'll almost immediately give you the ability to and your participation in economic downturn house for me for thousands of others i shared with before we go today on the show the state in for chapter two the story and learn the key the key that learn economics class tomorrow case that was the number one a couple questions for you as first off who is curious about what in the world of six words were if you're curious type in the question box as one of my if i hope to get up with it alright so he has a case with six words are who are so many of my job right story is a good enough you're like what in the world is he talking about you know before i go on and can share these other emails a couple of courtings i want to talk to you about that's really important one of them is one of our problems we tell stories a lot of times and this is because we don't we have learned to understand it but you look at the story tellers they do understand this for example we don't movie movies can kind of cheat because you don't movie and when you see a scene right you can see it you can see you can see the look of people's faces you can get what they're feeling inside you get all these emotions that they come with a movie right in uh... in a story don't get those things it's a lot harder so most of us tell us like i was movies and didn't work you know i i was out the girl it's broke up to me i was sad can that's how we tell story that's kind of what happened in in the in the order that happened but good storytellers they'll say hey was you know she broke up with me it was sad they died they tried to take it to it to it to a second and a third level we bring in and more explanation about not just not just what you were but how you felt so i was i was ship for i was sad to i was sad it was a big kick me in the stomach in fact uh... more thought about more depressing dot you know for example and we come back to you i saw in in mind uh... my start talking out about uh... when i it mac nama's class i could just that you told me he told me the statement i was really excited he that kind of miss kind of a high list kind of a you know not a deep level so instead i said uh... we explain one concept is it was as if everything else stopped around me case was a start of a picture for you guys in my mind what happened everything stopped around me uh... i remember the rest lecture i remember anyone's next week i remember was going down six words my notebook everything suddenly everything came clear i couldn't get myself a heart was racing my pulse quick in my body tense case you're getting like you i told was having a body also you start as well i think my pencil and those my palms were sweating a little bit no that time that those six words which is my forever case on sherry not just i decided i was so excited my hands were sweating in my heart was beating in my mouth got dry and you know it like how many things can you describe about that situation the more the teaching bring in real tell your story more it sucks people into you can that's a person the second dimension is jelphs notice that like the how how i i did this like a soap opera where i am i'm getting you excited about a constant but i don't tell you what's gonna happen yet right this is how you get people engaged in a story i'm not sure do you have uh... the bachelor the bachelorette in australia but sure because of that you should or not if you do let me know i'm curious to get out that show or similar like reality show a couple years of senior four i'm not sure anyway it's kind of a big reality show appear and uh... and just started a season right now and i love watching it because uh... they're so good at getting you sucked into into a story line right they'll they'll tell the highlight part of story in that it is that commercial before the commercial for the show most exciting part of the whole thing and i up next after we come back and they come back to the commercial and you like you can't leave the commercial break is your soul says he happens next can the news is really good at two you know to show the other people up and i find out how bubble bubble bubble happen it's actually connect you you gotta watch the news now because you know it's gonna happen you gotta find out that the the end of that k a we call these in nlp if you ever study nlp recall in opening and closing loops k the human mind that we like to have things finished beginning and right so fight history open a loop but i don't close that loop your mind is going crazy saying like you gotta tell me the answer to say k where wired that way and so if you can use that to your to your benefit you open a loop you start telling a story and then you you kind of bypass it so until you six magic words that change my forever but before i do talk to you about this yet open that loop and not your second and you're gonna keep listening to i tell you those six words are that's just kind of how how this whole thing works there's a yes i was so similar to a formal white that's awesome uh... i want to watch that show now if anything like that's very i'm sure it's awesome that's in the number two but i see that's in the morning you know you know number two uh... the subject lines is chapter two the back story okay so no other problems to the six words are out there economics class but before it is that i need to give you some back story if i don't it's gonna be hard for you to have the same epiphany that i did it's not going back to your back to the back story uh... just because because it's an email and kind of shifting back and forth i said this is that this this now i give you this kind of a rough draft or excuse me it's it's it's a it's a map that you can use parts of it and you move things around is needed uh... before you get that you get some back story if i don't it's gonna be hard for you to have the same epiphany that i did you see our college with one goal when nc a wrestling title i didn't go i really go for school i was it was one of those necessary goals so i could compete in the sport i love second year school in my wife collect informants we're engaged in two months later we were very after a very quickly find out how much it costs for your parents are supporting you she's making about ten dollars an hour my wrestling in school pay me about zero dollars so i do choices first to put wrestling and you know that was going to happen or number two figure out some other way to make money but i had one big problem only had one skill that was wrestling i know i did how to start business several what's that are due about anything the problems i know money the ten dollars now my wife was making wasn't even enough to pay the groceries in the right our part that i serve one day going to the cd exchange in selling all my wife cd hundred fourteen of them for fifty dollars we needed for groceries you believe it is less than fifty cents per cd i figured out how to make money with how to make money with very little money and no skills and that's why those six words meant so much to me someone take your journey what happened after i had that epiphany uh... first i was a little bit i was a figure out which is good about a thousand dollars to start my new business actually went out about a rate for fourteen dollars a little and rate needs around my neighborhood for a for two weekends it was a huge pain they business were starting to use a little start up capital that one thousand investment was the money i needed to launch my business second without the no programming designer computer skills as a new my first website online and third by my senior college and a two hundred fifty thousand dollars in this little business not bad for someone zero skills in fourth with it one year graduation and then i'm with dollar it's all about pretty excited we think that's why the six words were so powerful for me because i didn't have any business experience the time i didn't have a lot of money all i had was a reason i wanted a better life myself and my new family these words give me that path anyway i don't know i don't know if it's a six words that you may tell the marlford answer well i gotta go to make it's a school they trust the brunston uh... p s don't worry promise i'll give you the goods marl you deserve it case i you can share a back straight in i'm teasing him but i didn't give them what they want yet k-mail number three this is one yes all been waiting for chapter three this six magic words so there was an economic so there was an economics my teacher as normal was born me to death and then he dropped the bomb the concept that was forever changed my life he started talking about opportunity cost basically just was that when you have two choices in the one of those choices what's the cost of not picking the other thing for example early on the week i tried to design a local for website i wanted to pick up that i wanted to put up i downloaded photoshop and luckily luckily i just use a trial set paying for the full version i said four hours over three days trying to design the logo as twelve full hours after all that work the logo is horrible i was frustrated i wanted to cry that i found this guy sitting in the computer next to me who was a wizard doing logos i told my parents and box if you do a little for me twenty minutes later he gave me a little was a thousand times better than anything i could dream of making that i started thinking if i were to get a job on campus i could probably get one to pay me a prior payment least ten bucks an hour so those twelve hours i wasted try to figure out photoshop cost me a hundred twenty dollars not to mention the twelve hours i could spend doing something cool and even with that twelve hours my logo is horrible and then spend just ten dollars and less than an hour had a perfect logo for my business these thoughts were spinning through my head as my teacher was talking and that's what i wrote down these six words i recommend you write them down now too here's what they here here here they are what's the value of my time you thought about before now back when i was a lot of what's your most employees for me least ten bucks an hour so that so next six words i read i wrote down ten dollars an hour i was like i was worth a lot more than that so i crossed out that i wrote fifty dollars an hour i didn't myself a promise for the rest of my business whenever i needed anything i was first look at the opportunity cost me doing the actual work if you take me ten hours to project i find someone to do a better job under five hundred dollars fifty dollars an hour times ten hours i would then immediately hire them to do it first was logos and website design and move on a traffic lead generation this gave me the ability to grow business fast and do almost with no skills was actually a lot cheaper than me just doing myself that makes sense so what does this have to do with you well for some of you i know you already watch the dot com secrets local webinar or watching later this week the titles were there is local business consultants the highest paying part time job in the world if you haven't seen for some reason you can watch the replay here now non-stop actually what i consider the per on this one i should like consider to be the perfect business just imagine that the average internet marketing consultant the court is simply hired dot com is making between seventy one thousand eighty four thousand dollars a year as you see on the web and our independent contractors can actually make even more and the only reason i saw the dozen succeeded business is because they don't have the skills to do the actual work it's really easy to find businesses to help you with sdl ppc social media website design it's hard for you as a consultant to do the actual work and i can explain more about the program uh... and there is a shooting over uh... i'm not going on the most yes max that uh... you know much fun is that i want to know excellent talks about him benefits uh... in fact we all jump in this part of the city will be a bit uh... kiss so he might reply to the chapter for him benefits so uh... okay if i find this just a part of the benefits all year here so uh... so tell story about deep price nor success stories i share case study of of the price actually okay so already the station of the next month of first-line success rapid growth case states and benefits of the covers these four next email case so uh... chapter for the benefits uh... so we first started out on six local is more of a test in the house i mean in the market by all products and services for a few years i don't think the people who all the work for me it was all different companies i own making millions of dollars each year and for years people have been used by team probably because are trained are the best industry they are the primaries also we tested out the local businesses to prove the concept and and results were well first one we didn't want to bar i'm a second-class to turn off the traffic is there to me we got me that's a pretty cool problem anyway after we start with a few of our subscribers they all wanted it we started phone calls emails in one guy found our office in boys i don't just showed up as kind of awkward all bag is for two things one how do you result centers so easy uh... in a few years can train us and let us use your team you see they want the same i want to have a business how can you the money and outsource all the work if you've asked yourself that question of past few days and good for you you're in good company so we train a small group and try to month or one we saw more success stories my eyes and any other program we ever launched they're getting clients even more importantly their clients we're getting traffic in the news so exciting it was happening fast because i made need to know how to do sdl pc social media website site we did all that for in fact when my favorite case studies were because it was for the first group is deep right d is sixty three-year-old great-grandma who watched the webinar within three days sign of her first client anything to be interested in the seal i think the i don't think my grandma even use a computer before but he was able to get a client that fast pocket and pocket money because she knew that we were going to do all the work for is an exciting that's the power of the team behind back in the world also the most powerful hidden benefits of most people don't even think about when you started realized quickly after they get started if you don't need a lot of clients he saw the webinar five plants can be over ten thousand dollars a month in residual commissions it's actually kind of a shame because most of the people who get started i miss for us at cold gate twenty thirty clients mostly to the two or three of them and residuals are more than they're making a current job all and so the residuals are more than they're making a current job they will quit and then the and then most of the committee retired we stopped working in just let the residuals are coming in uh... you'll join us that it that may be a time of a promise you that within two three months you get bored you want to go find a client or two i'm sure that's a lot better problem in uh... tab the working each day if you still got a job they will go on and go on case or give i don't want to spend the rest of time reading emails on i will prepare tomorrow for you guys uh... a couple pds that have all these emails there three or four of those i have i have a really neat email series the day in put together and it goes to this entire process as well also a really cool deal uh... they can came to my uh... high in mastermind group we have a group that pays a twenty thousand dollars to be part of it he came to the group he actually sat down and he won't do so process with his story and it was really really powerful to to see it in action as well so the the biggest thing i say this you guys you guys get four five six times in a row because uh... the more times you see it we start you start recognizing elements and after you see it will become a lot easier to start crafting your own story that makes sense so uh... let me know if you have any questions right now about this if not i'm gonna show you guys kind of what the homework is for this week uh... but again stress that this process you guys uh... if nothing else learning and understand this process will make you get so much money unit and one thing like i really hire copywriters anymore because this process sells people like crazy uh... it's just it's way easier so people this way than any other way if you have any questions really quick that's kind of hard it's it's i think most of you guys have questions until uh... until you actually do it first time that's when you probably uh... you probably start to see it cake will solicit this what i said i'm gonna as i'm gonna get you guys uh... by tomorrow morning my time so then uh... the fourteen hours now uh... i will send you guys uh... three or four pdfs have the whole cells the whole process uh... mapped out for my businesses to snap uh... i'll also send you as the video of dagan also do copy what it means emails go through this process and then also tend to get all send you a handout because it has this right now and what is it a little straight email series i wrote to call along long time i thought was a lot of work in effort to go into their i was never a correct email series uh... i just need you as billy tell me your story so i'll give you a paper basically i see like uh... a sense about your hydra sense about the pippin in the back story so i can see the flow of it uh... and then you can expand that later that's not point this will be one page document we can give me uh... that the core sense that each of these along the way and uh... that's right if you guys can so i said i'll get that for you guys all first thing tomorrow morning uh... and then you have those things and uh... just like that the last module you guys uh... i'm here to help you guys through this process will feel free to send me your the story tell process after you get back to me i'll let you go through it uh... basically i do for you as you see so far i'll make a little video of my feedback on what he should tweak or change and move around and that's kind of the the way i like to know the feedback and hope that's been good for those guys so far uh... i'll be the question right now so we have that was that's kind of core of the story from process you guys now that the last kind of caveat i have is i'm sure a lot of you guys are sitting here thinking i don't have any stories russle i don't i don't know what to do i'm not sure what to do uh... you know for me for the local i did i did a lot of story that i can somehow tie it to local and for me it was it was my college graduation is documseers local is kind of people at their own job in business and and was graduate college i was my biggest reason i i still remember looking around i had my graduation be like what is it gonna do like i don't want anything last five years that's gonna help me get a good job uh... i was computer information systems major as looking around and i cannot go into business and then any kind of database management for anyone i don't know how to do any stuff and always i think next week and got the same age i was never got a job and so for me as a baby and job the local should be the job that we should have that's how i can't i go to two things together so look at parts of your life and usually a lot of times you guys is going to party like the year extremely comfortable sharing okay you know you especially starting at the point of hydra you know with jonathan with the dating offer he wanted to tell us the story about when he actually recalls girlfriend had listed her with another boy for like twenty minutes on the phone like that's the most like the lowest most embarrassing most horrible part of your entire life you know something to share people like that's the stuff that gets people sucked in you know uh... if you're going to bankruptcy if you've ever uh... you know when you were your heaviest you know whatever business you're in what what's the the worst possible thing that you experience that's we should be sharing okay it's was kind of it's kind of awkward first i promise you guys this is the the process if you show people the u-rex where they were at or the worst situation and you can help them come to where they they want them to be uh... that that's worth with more money explain that's as good people to follow you can't i think it's jay brahman said that people are silently begging to be led and it's true if you'll stand up the person said i was there here and come follow me uh... people follow you uh... and better story have more people to follow you and so uh... the story time process is really important so that's it for tonight you guys are this morning for you guys uh... appreciate everybody on the web and i'm not amazing and tend to trade on these webinars which is really exciting for me so much as i are sure on them and participating uh... makes a whole bunch of also do you guys in the morning and then talk to actually fly out uh... to the vent in san francisco so feel free to send your homework even last week's homework uh... if i don't get back to a measure i'll get back to you for the next webinar uh... and if you don't hear back from me that email calc my system is just calcy at six s et cetera dot com k l s i e at six s p c dot com she's a little bit of a remelso she she should get a matter what but i don't know you guys is awesome so this is next phase or next week or so is really start getting uh... the webinars built out not step those steps in the process so we really kind of identified all of the high-level strategy stuff from last week's weeks more the story uh... the next week start building out the uh... the front of the funnel and the webinar in the back end and then we start driving traffic so uh... it's exciting as we're moving forward to the pace and if you have any questions i said you know other that appreciate you guys and i will talk to you uh... all next week vaz uh...