So I welcome you guys to the webinar for today. This is the last official webinar in the series. After you guys have this, it will kind of cap off everything that we needed to teach you. The biggest key then is obviously helping everybody implement. So I will definitely be here through email for me and my team to help you guys implement the stuff we're working on. So when you guys are ready to record webinars, I'll give you guys information. Next week you can record the webinars and let me know and we can go get the files compressed, get them in the software, get it all built out and have it all ready for you. And when you're ready to start driving traffic, we can help point in the right directions as well. So we're still here. Don't worry, I'm still here to help keep facilitating and help make sure your eyes are successful. But just as far as official live new webinars and new content, this is kind of the end of it. Now I also sent out an email today with information for the boysy, or see another boysy. The workshop happening in DC. The dates are officially now set there, July 11th, 12th and 13th in DC. If you do want to come, just email me, let me know and I will go and give you the page. There's a page basically you go and when you go to that page, it'll, it'll, you just put a password and it gives you information on your registered hotels and all that kind of stuff. But if you're not coming, you don't need that page. Either way, and again, like I said, as soon as that's over, we will be getting you guys the recordings of that event, which we should have pretty quick after. That's something that, within a couple weeks afterwards, they have somebody that's doing that, the editing and recording on the fly, which would be really cool. So I should be able to get into you before the end of July. But those, those videos are going to be really cool. We've got some really cool people we're bringing in. Dagen's been working on this one guy who, who I've been studying over, excuse me, over the last month or so, who's all, who's one of the top screenwriters in Hollywood and him coming in and teaching the whole concept of the hero's journey. So we're hoping we can get him, we can get him coming. It's going to be, it's going to be amazing. But regardless, we're going to come in and it's going to be amazing if there are some really cool stuff. And I think that you guys are all going to love it. So it should be awesome. And with that said, I'm excited. And today's webinar, we're going to start jumping in to just other ways to drive traffic and get people to come to your invisible funnel. And so I'm actually going to show you guys kind of what we're doing with this invisible funnel. You see in front of us, this is one we just launched today about an hour ago, or a couple hours ago. And it's been fun. We've been having a blast with it so far. And so I'm going to kind of show you what we're doing to market this because that'll give you guys ideas on how to market yours and how to start growing it organically. But the first thing I want to mention is that the number one thing you should be doing, and I can't stress enough, is the whole webinar I did earlier about email lists with the joint ventures, the solo ads, and building your own list. That by far is the most valuable thing I can give you guys like that. If you're a folks with one type of traffic, focus on that. It's going to be the fastest, the easiest, and the best. In fact, we launched this today. We now go out to an email list of 20,000 people. And most of ourselves come from that so far because it's fast, easy traffic, and it just kind of grows from there. So again, if you're trying to pick where to focus on, focus there first and then start shifting over to these other things that we'll be talking about today. So that is the game plan. Now I want to show you this is the invisible funnel we created for our Living On A Keep On Secret site. And it kind of follows the same format of what we teach you guys about. Now one kind of big hurdle we had in this market, which is a hurdle that's also really exciting and really fun. Because you think about the Q-party market. So our client, the typical person that we're selling to in this invisible funnel is someone who wants to learn how to save money on groceries. So they want to, instead of spending like $2 for gallon of milk, they want to spend $0.30 on gallon of milk. And so we're trying to convince that type of person to give us money. And so we spent a lot of time trying to figure out how to position this the right way and get it all correctly. So far it's doing well. We sold a bunch from today. I don't know the actual conversion rates and stuff to help tomorrow. But so far it's going pretty good, which is exciting. And we're just ramping it up right now. So she's actually doing the live event tomorrow, which will be kind of fun. And after that we're going to record it and automate it and have it just kind of go forward from there. So if you guys want to see this funnel in action, if you go to LivingOnAKeepOnSecrets.com, that's where you can actually see it. So LivingOnAKeepOnSecrets.com is where you can see this one. And I recommend watching the video. You'll see the video kind of goes through her talking about herself and her backstory, why it's exciting, why she'd be on here. And then the way we positioned this, we made it so the class would cost $37. But then we gave people a $20 coupon if they registered. And then we had them registered and click on this. And it takes them to Facebook and it posts basically saying, hey, I'm doing this class and they get a $20 coupon. And it's kind of creating this viral traffic thing for us. So we're just testing that out right now. If it works well, we'll go and add this feature to the invisible funnel software that CSU uses as well. Right now we're just going to test to see if it's going to work well. So far it's pretty cool. So hopefully it does. Hopefully that drives a lot more traffic to us. But again, the thing, they type in coupon code here. So coupon code is actually coupon hacker. You click on apply coupon and the order form comes down. It'll build $0 right now and then $17 after the class. And that's kind of the process. So pretty simple and easy. Kind of like you guys have seen over and over and over again. And then tomorrow she's going to do the actual live class. The way she's doing it, I think I told you last week, is going to be kind of cool. She's going to do it through Google Hangout. And so everyone will be watching Google Hangout. And then she's basically on her laptop webcam teaching the whole class, showing everybody what she does. And she's going to have four or five other people on there. Because with Google Hangout, she can have multiple speakers on there. So she's got one person who is a newlywed, one person who is a college student, one person who's older, who's in the Q&A. So multiple people and those people are going to be doing Q&A and asking your questions and stuff like that. So it's going to be pretty cool. And it's going to be fun to see how people all respond to it. Again, this is the first time we've done one in this niche. And it's different and unique and it's exciting. So I'll give you guys more feedback after we see what happens tomorrow. But this is an example of what we're doing. So again, the first thing after we launched this today, the first thing we were focusing on was email traffic. So again, we had a list of about 20,000 people that were Q-partners we went after. That was our first big target. And so that was step number one, which again we talked about in an early webinar. Step number two is Jessica had her own following. So she posted on Facebook. She had a little email list of a couple hundred people she emailed out as well. And so she also posted on her blogs. We did some stuff to start growing that initially through email. Because again, that's the fastest path to cash every single time. So that's step number one. Now I'm going to show you the other steps that we are doing and we're going to continue to do in the future moving forward. Because that will hopefully show you guys the path that I go when we're launching a new business like this and the directions we're going to go. So the first thing we do after we create the Invisible Funnel is we go and we create their blog. Now this is Jessica's blog. And with her, it's kind of interesting though because she actually started with a blog first. So when we came to her company and we bought 80% of her company from her because that was really cool. But all she had was a blog and she didn't have anything she was selling. She was just blogging and people were clicking on coupons and that's how she was kind of making her money. And so we came back and said, OK, we need something to sell otherwise we can't drive traffic and things like that. So she already had a blog in place. And each week didn't change it. She kind of says this is what her blog looks like now. The layout's very similar to Pinterest. But you can make your blog look however you want. But a blog really is in today's world it's necessary. Because this is where you can go and you start putting out your opinions and your ideas and your philosophies and you kind of put those things out there. And then when somebody comes into it, then this is something we haven't even done. This will update tonight or tomorrow. When you go to her blog and you see any of her blog posts right here, she's in a blog post about McDonald's new smoothies. She's got a link to the coupon. So somebody clicks on the coupon. I don't think we can pay them this. I think it's a free one. There's the blog post. And over here on the side is where we'll be advertising her invisible funnel. So again, if you see right now, we don't have it there. But by tomorrow there'll be a whole bunch of banner ads on the site here all promoting her invisible funnel. All push people back to here. And the way we're doing that is we're doing it with banner ads. And I will show you the company that I use to get my banner ads is $20banners.com. And I think they do a great job. And so here you'll be able to see the actual banners that they created for Jessica, the ones that you'll see on her site here in the very near future. So right there, I don't know if you can see that right there. There's her, the cash register. It says how I got $680 worth of groceries for $6.46. That's one banner ad. I got one horizontal one. I got a square one. I always get three sizes of each. And the sizes that you can see here, I'll zoom in bigger so you can see the sizes. They're basically 160 by 600. These are like the standard ad sizes, 720 by 90 and 300 by 250. So we're using these on our own blog. But in the future, you'll see we're also using for retargeting for site targeting a bunch of other really cool things. So these are kind of the three dimensions that most things come in. So those are the first three banners. And we made another one here. Let's see if you can see this one. Let me show you that one. There it is sideways. There's another picture we have of her with a bunch of groceries. And here's the last one. This is actually her and her pantry. She has all this food that she just stockpiles up in her pantry. So that's what we got. We have nine banners designed. You can do it with just three if you want. We need basically those three sizes. And again, we use $20 banners.com. And they say it's $20 banners, but every little thing they give you upsells. So it's being like $30 or $40 for banners. And you get three of them. So it might cost you $1,500 for banners. But we recommend you get three banners done. And now this banner, these side banners, when you come back to her blog by tomorrow, there'll be this banner out there on the side. There'll be on top of it. And so all over the place, when you come to her site, you'll see the ads for her living on a coupon, Secrets Class. Now when she's posting every single day, every time people are seeing this blog post, they're always being pushed back to her class. So it's very important for all you guys to get a blog, get an authority site. Whatever you want to call it. And if you don't have it already, we just use WordPress. It's free. And I think with the best, if you have WordPress site yet, email me. I can give you some resources where to go. If you want a theme like this that kind of Pinterest-looking one, I can say to link to that theme. I think it's, I can't remember if it's free, or it's like $20 or $30. Which is the theme you plug in WordPress and boom, also your site looks kind of like that. But there's a ton of them out there. So if you help getting a site, let me know and I can point you in the right direction for that. But that's kind of the first goal, having your authority site. Now what's cool about this, this is something that I actually just recently learned from Ryan Dice. He created a course which was really good. It's called authorityroi.com. And so we're kind of modeling. I'm not sure if it's still for sale. Oh, it is cool. So if you wanted to invest in this course, I think it's $100, $200. Authorityroi.com. And he talks about the importance of having an authority site like this, an authority blog. One thing that he brought to table, I never thought about before, but I love the concept, is instead of just you blogging all the time, it's kind of difficult. He talked a lot about bringing in guest bloggers. So finding five or 10 or 20 other people in your niche, and then come and start posting as well, because the more posts that are happening on your blog, the better. For SEO reasons, for following reasons, there's a lot of reasons why. Plus it's hard for you to always be blogging every single day, right? And so bringing in guest bloggers is a really good strategy. And so like with dot com secrets, we haven't done this yet, but we're in the process right now. If you go to my site, I bring in guest bloggers as well. I don't need to update. I haven't added pictures to any of my posts recently. So I need to update mine. But the same thing is I'm bringing in a whole bunch of guest bloggers to my blog. So it's not just me blogging. There's other people that I trust that have good ideas, have them blog about different topics as well. So yeah, that's kind of how that works. So again, I can't stress stuff, guys. If you don't have your own blog, you need to get one and just start posting. Even if you don't have any traffic, that's fine. Just right now, it needs to begin by you just posting stuff out there and just keep continually adding stuff. And I promise you, if you start that strategy right now, you will start getting more and more traffic coming to those blog posts. It's kind of one of those chick and the ace things. You just have to put it out there and start doing it. And eventually, you'll start getting traffic to it. And so that's kind of the first strategy, is getting your authority site out there and then putting the banner ads to your invisible funnel on there. So again, that's how we're pushing people back to this. So by tomorrow, if you're living on a coupon.com, you'll see the banner ads and the locations that I recommend that are going to start driving people back to where you want them to be. So that is kind of the authority site thing. Now the next kind of strategy in this sequence, after I've been focusing on my own authority site, now I start thinking about other people's websites. Like, who are other people's websites that have the same target customers as me? So for me, I just went to Jessica and I said, who are all the other people out there that have coupon sites like yours? Let's find out who those people are. And so what we did, she gave me a whole list. And if you don't know right now, you should be able to know what your competitors are. If not, go out there and start finding your competitors. But she sent me a list of all of her competitors. This is one of them. This is discountqueens.com. So this is one of their competitors. Now if you look at this site, it's kind of interesting. On the side here, you can see a whole bunch of ads. Like here's an ad right here for neuropathy pain. If you look right here, can you see this little like, let me make that even bigger. There's this little kind of carrot looking thing. Do you see that right there? If I hover over it, it pops up saying ad choices. Okay, do you see that? This is ad choices. Now what ad choices is, is Google's AdSense program. So if I look at this site really quick, I can look at different things. I look for anywhere that says ad choices. So there's one there. Let's see, I think there's one right here. Check this out. There's another one. Boobs and ad choices kind of pops out there. And then if I go deeper, if I actually go and click on the blog posts, I look even deeper. And boom, there's another one right there. Ad choices. So anytime there's an ad, it says ad choices. That means they put AdSense on their site. Now if there's AdSense on their site, which is really cool, is Google's got a program called the, that was changing. It was site targeting. It was placement targeting. Basically you can go into Google and you can bid on someone's site. So I can say discountqueens.com. That banner ad that I created right here, let's see, this banner ad right here. I want this banner ad to show up on my competitor's website everywhere that there's an AdSense blog. So right here, boom, my, my ad will show up. And right here, boom, my ad will show up. And suddenly my ad is showing up on all of my competitor's websites. Now you see how powerful that is? Jessica, again, she gave us a list of about 20 of her competitor's sites. I'd say probably 90% of them right now have AdSense on it. We're just going through one at a time inside of Google. We're doing Google's placement targeting. We're just going in and saying, hey, discountqueens.com, I want my ad showing up everywhere they have AdSense. And that quickly, our banner ads are on all of our competitor's websites. This is exciting because all people are on the site. That's my target customer. That's exactly who I ideally would love to have coming in and coming to our invisible funnel anyway, right? I know exactly who they are and I know they're on the site. So if I can, and if I was to go directly to the site and try to advertise, they'd tell me no way because they know I'm a direct competitor with them. But because they're using Google AdSense on their site, I can go and I can target it and drive all of their visitors back to my site. Okay, do you see how powerful that is? Now I'm not going to, I'm not going to go into exactly, like I'm not going to log into AdSense. If I was just showing you guys the techniques or like the tactics and all these, it would take me weeks and weeks to show you guys all stuff. And the reality is I personally don't even know how to do this kind of stuff. So I'm going to show you guys the people you can hire do this stuff for you. Because again, it's not the kind of thing that you should be targeting or focusing your effort on. You guys are the entrepreneur, you should be understanding this. So you understand, hey, I want to do site targeting or placement targeting. And then you can hire somebody to actually do it for you, just like me. So I've got, in fact, I'm on Skype over here with Todd, who is doing it right now for me. So Todd, I just barely send him a list of all the sites. He's in the process right now as we speak, buying the ads and all these sites. Okay, and so again, it's not something you need to know the technicals how to do. You just need to understand this is available. And then you need to go out there, find your competitors' websites. And it's very easy for you to hire somebody and for a shockingly cheap amount of money, you can get them to go and get your ads showing up on all of your competitors' blogs. So that is pretty cool. If you guys don't like that, then you shouldn't be excited. This is exciting stuff. This is fun for me. It's fun. Jessica, we bonded with her company a little while ago and we were showing her stuff we could do. She didn't even know any of this stuff was possible. She was going crazy, which you kind of found out about it. And now it's so much fun because she's going to all our competitor's sites. And on her competitor's Facebook pages, her face is popping up everywhere. And it's pretty cool. So that is the next step. So again, step number one, like I said, email marketing hardcore into your visible funnel. Step number two is your own authority website. Having your authority website there, blogging and having links and banners pointing back to your visible funnel. Step number three now is finding your competitor's authority sites and buying the AdSense, the AdChoice blocks on their sites and get them pointing back to your site as well. Now you're starting to really dominate very quickly and getting your tentacles out there into all of the core sites that your potential customers are on and start grabbing those people and bringing them back. Now let me go to the next step. So next step is now we're getting a lot of people coming to this site. And excuse me, I was going to drink there. After they come to your site, a lot of people obviously come to your site and they don't buy. And if they give you their email address and you can fault them in an email fault sequence but they don't give you their email address, then you're kind of stuck like you don't have the ability to send them to fault and you have to go and find that person again and drive them back to your site. That was until a concept came out a couple years ago called retargeting. And some of you may have heard of that before, but battery targeting is basically on your website. Your designer or your programmer puts a little tiny code in here. So if you look right here, View Source. This is the source code of the website, right? There's a little tiny thing he puts in here. Right here, this code is from here to here. You guys probably can't see it. There's this little piece of code, right? And they just copy and paste that on your site. They paste it right here. And this is when they put this code on there. After somebody leaves this site now, it sets a cookie on their computer that follows them around. For example, let's see if this will pull up for me. It may or may not right now. Hopefully it will. So if I go to Okay. Let's see if I can. I'm gonna go to her to. Oops, it's a cute little hacker. Go on her Facebook page real quick. Oh, please say it's gonna work. Okay, it may not pull right now. But let's see. I took a snap shot a few seconds ago. That's why I show you guys how cool this is. So basically after somebody comes to my page and they leave, I can then I can then follow them around with my banner ads. If you check this out earlier on Facebook today, boom, right here. This is Jessica's banner ad made in Facebook. So anybody who goes that page and leaves and goes to Facebook, suddenly they'll start seeing her ad everywhere. And they'll think that she's the richest person in the world because everywhere they look, they see Jessica's ad popping out there. And there's one version of it. There's another one. So all those little banner ads, we just make these little Facebook ads. And they start following, they start following everybody else around. Okay, which is really, really cool. And so we call that retargeting. Now there's a couple retargeting companies we use. One of them and probably the easiest to use is this company right here called Adderall. I mean, sign up for free. I think you get like $50 for free when you first sign up. So sign up for Adderall. And when you sign up, they give you a little pixel, which is that code. So you give it back to whoever your programmer is and say, just put this on the page. So you put that on the page, then it asks you to upload banners. So you upload banner ads, you upload Facebook ads, whatever it is. And as soon as that's done, they have an approval process that takes about 24 hours. And they'll approve your ad. And as soon as they approve your ad, instantly as soon as people start landing on your page, and then they leave, they'll start following them with banner ads. Okay, you see how cool that is? So the first company we use is called Adderall. And again, they're cool because they will do banner ads plus Facebook ads. So they'll follow you with both type of ads. Another company we use, and they're very similar. You can just use one of these. And again, I'm going to show you in a minute a resource that we use. We'll just do this for you. But if you want to do it yourself, if you're more a hands-on type person, you can do it yourself as well. Yeah, Darrell just asked who can contact for placement. I'll show you guys a couple of contacts here at the end that'll do this stuff for you. So Adderall's a good one. The other really good one that we just started using, and I really like them a lot so far, is called Perfect Audience. And again, they do Facebook retargeting, banner ad retargeting. So Adderall's a little more expensive. That's why I use First. That's why I kind of learned. But the Perfect Audience is the newer one that's coming out that I haven't started using as much, but they're cheaper, typically, and they work awesome. So Perfectaudience.com is another one. And then a third one, and this one's kind of cool because this opens up a whole new world, is called Site Scout. Site Scout's really cool because you can go in there and you can do the same thing, the savory targeting thing. But then also, Site Scout is you can do placement targeting stuff as well, outside of Google's network. So I can go in there and start finding, again, I can find other people's sites that I can do placement targeting through banner ads. Not just, like for example, right here. You have the AdSets block right here, but here's another block right here. It comes from somewhere else. And a lot of times, Site Scout will allow you to purchase different spots or AdSets, different banner ad blocks, people have on their site. So Site Scout's really, really cool to learn as well, if you're more of a techy nerdy person, want to learn that. If you don't, again, I'll show you a minute, people that can do this stuff for you. But Site Scout is another really cool one that does retargeting, plus you can actually go out there and purchase ads on websites. So those are three really cool tools that we use a lot for driving traffic. AdRoll.com, Perfectaudience.com, and SiteScout.com. There's one other kind of tricky thing I want to show you. This is a tool that should be legal. I swear it's crazy that it works. It's called WhatRunsWhere.com. And this is, again, if you know who your competitors are and you know that they're advertising, this will show you where they're advertising. So I'm going to log in and just show you how this works. Okay, so for example, I'm not going to do my QPy one, because most of QPy owners don't do any marketing. But these guys right here are one of my competitors. They do a lot of advertising. They're an Opti-Treatment group. So we have a supplement that's very similar to these guys, and we compete against them. So I can go in here, I can take their website URL, I post it in here in WhatRunsWhere.com. I click on Search. And when I do that, boom, it comes back here and shows me a bunch of stuff. First off, it shows me everyone the banner ads that they've made. Let's check it out. I can see all of their banner ads. That's new when they start doing with the Antler foot. So I see other banner ads. But then what else is cool is you add strengths or which ones have been running the longest. You know if they've been working well, because they've been running them long time. These are other ads they've been running. These are TechSpace ads, Google ads. I can see all their ads. I can see all the copy they use. I can see just tons of stuff. Isn't that exciting? There's 11 pages of their ads. I can go back and I can see what they're saying on every one of their ads. It shows me, let's see, landing pages. There we go, traffic sources. I can see all the websites they're getting their traffic from. So I can go right here and say, Apple, mypogaster.com, I go on that site. It'll show me their actual site. I can go to their site and I can really quickly see exactly where they're advertising. So I know this is one of their top sites they're getting traffic from. Check it out, boom. There's their ad right there. It's from Ad Choices, so it's AdSense. I know they're getting a lot of traffic making money from here. So I'm going to go and buy that exact same ad that they are. Do you see how powerful that is? So what runs where, let's me see who my competitors are. It shows me where they're advertising. It shows me what ads they're running. And I can go back and I can just buy ads on the exact same sites. And it's pretty cool. You see the duration. So this one's been running for 130 days. So I know this has been working for a long time because it keeps running. This has been running for 132 days, 150 days, 130, 562. So this one's probably really good. It's been running for a long, long, long time. So this is the site. I don't think we're advertising this one yet, but I will be by tomorrow. Now that I just kind of found it. Oh, interesting. It might be for sale. I can just buy it. Sorry, I'm curious how much they're selling for. Let me see if it tells me. That doesn't tell me much right away. Anyway, so you guys see how that works. So what runs where is a super awesome tool that'll let you do research on where all your competitors are marketing. And you just basically go and you sell your stuff in the exact same spot. And if you know that these banner ads are working, you make banner ads that are similar. If you look at my banner ads for neuropathy, they're not far different. This is a separate from neuropathy order free two-week sample. If you want to see my neuropathy ads, let's see if I can find it real quick. That's for my cold sore. Yeah, separate from neuropathy, you're paying soft state. You're free to each have a bottle. You'll notice that I looked what they were doing. I did something very similar. I had these $20 banner guys make a similar banner ad to theirs. And boom, now we're out there and competing with them on the same page as their ad. That's what's cool about the internet, guys. That's what's so exciting about this whole thing is that you can basically find out what your competitor is doing, reverse engineer, and go into the exact same thing. If you do that, it's not hard to get back to start making money very, very quickly. It's just understanding that as soon as you know where they're at, just kind of modeling and doing something very, very similar. So what runs where is a really cool tool that we use to be able to do that. What runs where works really good as a site scout? Because now that you know where the ads are being run, you can use site scout to go and start targeting and start driving traffic directly to those websites. Okay? All right. So those are the core things we're doing, guys. There's a lot of, there's tons of ways to drive traffic. And I could go into a dozen different things with, you know, CPA networks and PPV networks and all this other stuff. But the reality is for us, the majority of our traffic is all coming from the email and then the four or five things I just showed you right now. That's where the majority of our traffic for every niche that we're in, that's where it's coming from. I think the one other thing, I'll show you one other thing that we're doing that's kind of cool, is just typical Facebook ads. And again, I don't know how to advertise on Facebook because Facebook stresses me out. But I'll show you some people you can hire to do that as well. But Facebook, because ever since they went public, they need more money. It's because they need more money. They're opening up a whole bunch of advertising channels for people. So you already have like the typical ads they have on the right-hand side, right? Those are there. Those will always be there. They always, they always probably will be there. So you can hire somebody. You can run ads like that. It's a pretty simple process. It's not that difficult. But the new things they're doing, like for example, right here, so Jessica, she launched, we launched this today and so we made this post on her page and basically says, hey, want to learn how I was able to get $680 worth of groceries for just $646? More importantly, how I consistently feed a family of six for just $160 a month. That's with six gallons of milk a week. If so, register now for this live Keep On In web class and get your $20 instant Keep On Here. Please share with anyone you know it can benefit. So we posted this to her fan page, right? And from there, we got a whole bunch of people. In fact, I think the instant we posted this, within like two minutes, we had five sales instantly for the invisible funnel. So it was working. We were getting excited. After we knew that, then what you can do is you can log in and you can promote this post to a whole bunch of other people. So what we did is we went to every one of our competitors' Facebook fan pages and we found out who those people were. And then basically what we do is you can click a button and I can promote this post onto each of their subscribers' friends' feed. That makes sense. Again, I'm not a big Facebook guru so I don't know all the technical terms. But we can log in and push a button. And basically we did that. Todd, when he pushed a button, and from that he saw that there were like 1.1 million people talking about coupons. We pushed a button and instantly this post showed up in all those people's wall. Is that what's called their wall? Again, I don't use Facebook very often. I'm going to click on mine so you'll see. I think it's called your wall, right? So right here where you see all the people that I care about that are talking about stuff, all of a sudden boom. The third one would be that coupony class. Because I care about coupons, the most of that coupony thing just pops up in the middle of nowhere. For example, let's write here. I don't know what Wix is, but I bet this is a promoted post or I'm sure someone here could find a promoted post. But that's all it is. I write the post, post on my own fan page. I go and find all my competitors' fan pages to find out who's following those fan pages. And boom, I can instantly send that post to all of their walls. So instantly you can just get insane amounts of people seeing your ad and they're the right target of people you want. So Facebook came out that really recently. They keep adding new things because it's one of the coolest things in the world because they need to make more money and they give you the ability to really target and drive a lot of traffic directly from the segments you want. Those are some of the things we're doing right now. Now again, this is not me personally. We've got people on our team there. We've got people we hire to do it. And so for you guys, again, if you want to learn, as I can point you in the direction of people, you can do a lot of in-depth trades. Really learn this. I don't recommend this unless you want to become like a guru at traffic. The smarter thing for you to do is the entrepreneurs to be the person who understands these things are possible and then go and find and hire the right people to do those things for you. Now the person I recommend for a lot of you guys, and this is kind of interesting, their website is imscalable.com. And this is one of my close friends. In fact, he was one of my early students. Probably six or seven years ago, I decided it would be fun to do an internship. And so I sent an email out to my list saying, hey, I'm doing an unpaid internship, which basically means you can come work for me for free. You got a flyer on the way out here. You got to pay your own thing. You work for me for free for a month. In exchange, you get to hang out for a month and kind of learn what we're doing. And so I posted that out there. And next morning, I woke up to a lot of emails. People interested. But one guy who had emailed me, he had somehow found my cell phone number. He found the cell phone number half my employees. He called every single one of them, basically begging us and telling us he was interested. And it was Justin Brooke. And so because he was so relentless and interested, we called him up and said, yeah, you can come out. So he came out to Boise and at the time he had this little business that was doing a couple hundred bucks a month. He came and worked for me for 30 days. And while he was there, he learned a bunch of different things. I went back and turned that business into one that was making him over five figures a month. And he built that up and he sold that and he built another company, sold it. And he realized that his big passion in life is driving traffic. And so he started this traffic generation company about a little less than a year ago and started driving traffic for people. And for a long time I was very skeptical because it's kind of like when your little brother goes out and does something. You just don't know if you really trust them. You know, like, oh, he's my little brother. Like, what's he actually going to be able to do? But recently, in the very near, very recently, he's gone and he's landed some amazing clients, some big huge companies that I was shocked that they were going to hire him. And so I've been watching him for the last five or six months as he's been landing big clients and seeing huge results and getting people to 200% and 300% return on their investment with the money they invest with them. In fact, this is his whole headlines. We turn $1 into $2, which is good. You put a dollar of advertising in and you want to make $2 back out. And so I've been talking a lot with Justin over, especially over the last month or so, just because I was looking at, again, internally we were doing a lot of these things for ourselves. And because we were doing all of them okay, we were never great at any of them. And so we focused, we decided, hey, we're really going to email part of this game. So we were going to focus on that and we're going to outsource everything else to Justin and his team. And recently we just hired them and have been very impressed and they're setting up all the retargeting for us. They're setting up on both banner ads and on Facebook. They're setting up the paper click campaigns. They can do all the email media stuff as well if you want. I told them not to because I enjoy that part of it. But they can do all the email media buying for you. They can do all the Facebook ads for you. They can do pretty much all the things I showed you yesterday and I've talked about traffic at all. They can do all those kind of things for you. And so far, we've been very, very impressed with them. They do Facebook ads, retargeting, Google AdWords, MSN ads center, large email, their ops banner ads, play of fish ads, CPV ads. They can help work on your landing page, sales, letter development, video sales, things like this can help with who they can do. They can do a lot of stuff. Basically, their costs are you pay them $2,000 a month retainer. You can do all the work and then you pay for your own ad spend. And so that's kind of the dream for us. And like I said, so far it's been fantastic. It's given me the ability to focus a lot more on what I enjoy, which is the creating of the content and building a sales funnel and doing email media buying. And they're doing all this other stuff for us. It's been fantastic because we're seeing our business grow and traffic sources increase without us doing a lot. What else is cool is that they, because they get paid based on performance, is that they, you know, like these banner ads right here that we're creating, like I think these are going to be pretty good, but I don't know yet. So they take these and they'll go and they'll split test banner ads. They'll make 10 different variations of it, see which one works the best and which one works the best. And you use that and they try to beat that control. And they're doing a lot of stuff like that that at least most of us, and I'm sure a lot of you guys as well, on time or not going to have the interest of doing when it comes to driving traffic. I'm guessing the most of you guys, your core interest is really in just focusing on your content and on teaching and on helping people and not on the traffic generation part. And so if that's you, which it is for me, I would recommend these guys. Now I get nothing for referring them to you. I don't make a penny off it. There's no hidden incentive. All they can say is it's something that's good. There's very few people in the industry who are doing this. There's people who are good at Facebook and there's people who are good at retargeting. There's people who are good at each individual thing. But there's very few people I've seen that are good at kind of using all these elements together. And that's why I'm excited by this because we try to hire a guy to retarget. Just from the retargeting one of $3,000 a month plus our ad budget. For these guys, we're paying $2,000 a month and it covers retargeting plus Facebook ads, plus a bunch of other things at the same time. And so again, like I said, I can't recommend them enough just because we're using them. We're having a good success with them. And like I said, there's no hidden ulterior motive. I don't make any money from recommending him. I just think that for most of you guys, this would be the route I was going to go. So hopefully that kind of helps. And hopefully you can see a clear path of how you go and you scale a business like this. Again, it all starts with creating the offer, which we talked a lot about extensively throughout this training program. It's creating the invisible funnel offer. And I still think to this day, this is the best kind of a funnel you can create. It provides the most value for your clients. It's low barrier of entry. You get a lot of people in. You can make a lot of money with it. If you're selling high ticket things in the back in it, it facilitates you selling high ticket things very easily. So this is the funnel I recommend, 100%. So there's the funnel. The second step now is how to start driving traffic. First thing, like I said, is focus on the email list. That's how you get your fastest return and make some money quickly. And after that, then start shifting over to your authority website and then targeting your competitors' authority sites. And then doing your retargeting campaigns and your Facebook campaign, and you start adding in all these other elements. But to get started, you don't need all those things. You just need one. You can build an entire business off of one type of traffic. And so I would recommend, again, the email traffic. I think it's easiest. But some of you guys like other things better. A lot of people love Facebook the best. I've got friends that have made millions of dollars doing nothing about Facebook because that's what's exciting to them. And that's the case, and that's where you should focus on. But again, it's focusing and mastering one source of traffic and then shifting and adding in another one. And mastering that and shifting and adding another one. And when you do it that way, then you start creating a real sustainable business. Whereas if you're trying to all them at once, it's really hard. If you're going to try to all them at once, definitely hire someone like Justin, who they've got people who are like, if you look down here at their team, these people are awesome at one thing. I don't know who's who. Maybe Ashley's awesome at Facebook. And this guy's PPC. And each one's got their own little thing. So they can focus on that specifically for you as opposed to you trying to becoming awesome at every single one of them. And that's kind of what I recommend for you guys. And yeah. So that's kind of what I had planned for you guys today is to help you kind of see that path of where to go. Introduce you guys to Justin because again, he's a great partner for us and he'd be a great partner for you guys as well. I wish I was doing traffic generation for people because I would love to be able to offer that myself, but we don't do that right now. Maybe in the future. Right now, I think Justin's team is definitely the best source to outsource it to. So their site again is ipscalable.com. So yeah. So that's kind of it for today. If you guys have any other questions right now, again, please let me know. Yeah. Someone, Gerald's asked if last year's Chakori. I didn't email that out earlier today, but I'll send it out again if you didn't get it. You should have got emailed today with the link to it. And then, yeah, like I said, the biggest key guys now is we need to get these all built out for you. I know we've got one or two of them that are finished so far. So if you haven't got your stuff done yet, again, let me know and we'll kind of facilitate all the pieces of building out this whole process. For you and getting your thing live and it's going to be fun to start watching success stories. If any of you guys can come to the event in DC again, we'd love to have you out here. But I know it's a long trip around the world, especially since it's a clover on the east coast. So it's kind of a really long trip. But we'd love to have you guys come if you can. If not, we will definitely have the recordings of the videos afterwards. Yeah, Miriam, I will get today's replay as soon as I get it back. Eli should give me back today and I'll have my brother upload. But tomorrow my time, so 24 hours, I should be able to have it replay live. And I'll do my best to get that out to you guys as quick as possible. So awesome. Thanks, you guys. I appreciate you guys being part of this training series again. And as far as the live trainings, we'll kind of end those now. But again, you've got my contact information. I'm here to help facilitate, get everything else built out. Just let me know where you need me. And my team and I will help get those all ready for you. And other than that, we appreciate you guys. I hope you enjoyed it. And again, you guys will love the videos from Dagen and I's event we're doing coming up. Because those are going to be really cool. Dagen's bringing some really cool people in. We're bringing some cool people in. It's going to be really fun to see the whole process in action. So that's about it, you guys. Thank you so much. I appreciate you. Have an awesome day down under. And that's about it. Thanks, everybody.