Hey everybody, this is Russell and welcome you guys to the webinar today. Come on, let me finish my cool graphic for everybody. I don't have any awesome slides for today, so you're going to get my paintbrush. Say hi. If you guys can hear me, let me know hi in the chat box and make sure you guys can hear me and I'll just talk to you myself. Awesome, you guys can hear me. Welcome to the webinar. This is a bonus fun webinar and spur of the moment, but we are doing this because Dagan Smith actually flew into town today and we're hanging out. We're actually plotting a whole new business together and a bunch of other things. I said, why are you here? Do you mind getting on real quick with all of our friends down in Australia and talk about some invisible final stuff? That's what we're here to do today. So Dagan, thanks for hanging out today. Yeah man, I was like, this is highly exploited, but I guess I got to do it. So here we are. Here we are. So I'm right now, I'm trying to see what I can do to provide and just provide more value and dig into this topic. It's pretty exciting. Yeah, with X Facts, all they say we've been talking about invisible finals. We're launching one together called the Two Comic Club. We're launching, we're doing two weeks away, and two weeks from me launching it. Doing like a whole invisible funnel to sell a high-end mastermind experience. So it's going to be really cool and then we're going to be doing more of a live event teaching for a lot more people. So as you guys know, it's very exciting and I know a lot of you guys have been building on which is pretty fun too. In fact, some of you guys are all on the point where we're about ready to record your webinar. So it's kind of fun to see you guys go through this whole process and it's pretty exciting. So what we're going to talk about today is, first off, if you guys have any questions we can jump into those, but we want to talk about just conceptually kind of more a high-level strategic. Just to give you guys thinking again about the invisible funnel and why it's so powerful and how to use it in your business. What's been cool is I've seen a lot of people using it now in different ways that are just interesting and unique. I know Dagen's seen a lot of his students doing some cool stuff. So just going to share a bunch of ideas today. I'll go for about an hour just to hopefully just get you guys really excited about the whole concept and then we'll pick it back to the normal webinars again next week. But that's kind of the game plan for today. So in terms of the concepts, what are some of the biggest points that you went through with them so far? And what questions do they have just so I can get a frame for what to dig into? Yeah, if you guys have any questions specifically please jump them in here. But yeah, basically we covered a lot of, we covered a lot of, getting the idea of like what's like a magic bowl, like what's a cool, like the speedy magic bowl, like what's the thing you can do? It pre-sells your high ticket back in type product. Okay. Yeah, so here's how all this stuff came about. First off, the reason that I think this concept is pretty revolutionary in terms of marketing is it's because it's something that we're also now talking about earlier today. It really is the best way to offer something to someone and really change the perception of how the world sees offers that we put in front of people. There's nothing that's more fair than you say you've judged the value of it before you get any money. And so what I'm most excited about in terms of this framing is that if we can have that, more people do business that way, it just will expand this sort of perception, the high level perception of what we do in terms of marketing. The cool thing about it is if there's not that many times in the world where there's something that you can do that literally just works way better than what you were doing before and it's better for the customer and it's less worse, less work. You know what I mean? Like not having to sell and having the opportunity to make a whole lot more and having a lot more fun in the process and putting your potential customers in the driver's seat, it's an awesome process. So I don't know how much Russell's going into the concept of this, but for me with my personal business, I started back in 2003, 2004 and I can just remember a few different specific instances that definitely put my mind on the path of getting this simple idea. There's only two things that really matter. If we want to boil it down to it, there's only two important things, traffic and conversion. And I didn't get this immediately, but each step in my business was sort of leading me to this idea. It's a simple idea. Should I go back until the whole story? Yeah, let me find. So in 2004, the way that I found my way into the marketing world was I ended up at a holiday in a seminar for real estate because I was outplayed at night and I didn't like my job. I saw an infomercial and you see a guy that's like, you know, fatter, uglier, looks way dumber than you making like big $40,000 checks and you're like, man, I can do this too. I'll show up for that silly workshop. So here I am making my way to the holiday and I walk in and immediately you just regret it. You feel embarrassed. Nobody knows season is here. Yeah, you smell the desperation in the room and you're like, I remember sitting in a very back row, in a very back seat and just not even looking around. I looked up once and I saw my old high school coach from one of the sportsmen I played. I was like, oh man, I know that guy was that desperate. So he doesn't see me. And the one thing that I do remember though was that this guy got up on stage and as he was talking about real estate, he told this really amazing story and at the end of the story, he told everyone that was in the group, in the audience, to go and buy us a thing. And I think there's about 400 people in the audience. I counted about 100 people, jump up, go to the back and give him $1,000 and doing some quick math. That's like $100,000 that this guy made in a short period of time delivering the right message telling the right story to the right audience. And it was kind of like, in my own job, what would it take for me to make $100,000? I think at that point, I might have been making $40,000 or $38,000 and if you guys are in Australia, I think their dollars work more than ours. So it's like way less for you guys. And I went down the path that was like, well, I'd have to get this many promotions and it would take this many years and that would just be to get $100,000 per year. This guy just did it in like an hour. There must be something here. I don't know what it is, but there must be something. And so that got me into the world. I remember as soon as I got online, I bought a book. It was called Google Cash. And it was all about matching up paper click advertisements with affiliate programs. And it was hard for me to buy it. It was resistant to the idea of buying this thing because it cost $67. No freaking book ever cost $67. Now I would pay like thousands of dollars to the... Now I have no price resistance whatsoever. I buy anything at any price for it. But it was really the hardest thing for me to pay $67 for something that wasn't even a book. It was just... That was a pre-e-books too. It wasn't a kid nor anything. You could read it all. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And anyway, I get over it. I'm into it. I just drank the Kool-Aid. I didn't have my $67 to learn how to match up paper click traffic and affiliate programs. And maybe it was sometime that first or second week. The product that I was promoting was... What was it? It was like an MP3 download site. So it was way before iTunes. And it was right after Napster probably. Somewhere in that sort of timeframe. Someone bought it and it was like magic. Just seeing this like $15 commission, this money come from literally out of thin air into my affiliate account for me just directing the right traffic to the right offer. It's just another one of those things where it's confirming something. I don't even have the terms and the words. I don't have a word like conversion in my mind. But there's something that... When there's something like this in offer, I match it up with the right traffic, it equals money. And so I can go through every single thing I did in my business that eventually anything that made me more money had to do with conversion or traffic. Next thing I think I learned was... Well, I lost a lot of money. I got involved in network marketing. And so this is the antithesis of an example of that last example, an example. And I got involved and these guys started telling me to buy leads. So they gave me a website to go and buy leads. And they were like $5 a lead or something like that. And so they told me to call these leads and they gave me a script and say this stuff and magically these people would end up joining your network marketing company. For me, it was when I didn't have any cash yet. So it was just been on my credit card and seven months later, I ended up with about $7,000 worth of debt and recruited a single soul. And so the lesson that I learned is the wrong traffic and the wrong conversion method and you freaking go bro. You literally just go bro. So somehow I found my way back to the internet and I find an opportunity that's specifically positioned for what I wanted to do and how I wanted to do it as an affiliate. I remember I did what was called a news, do they know what solo ads are or newsletter ads? Yeah. So we did like an email drop. I found a guy that had an email list. I paid him to access it and I sent it to this opportunity that I joined and less than a day, I had what was it, 11 people joined my opportunity and I had like 80 leads and it was just, it was crazy. The contrast of calling people for hours and hours a day and rejected and just not having a fun experience for months and months at a time and all of a sudden spending like a few bucks and having like business worthy success come. You start to remember why did I go away from the stuff that actually worked? And what I learned was this was a free offer. This was a free trial offer and it's actually better than a free trial offer because the positioning of the offer was don't give us any money but give us $2 which we'll donate every single penny of to feed the children foundation. That's where the $2 went and try our business out for 14 days. If you don't like it, then we can part ways as friends but at least something good came out of this entire thing. And man, that message just absolutely was amazing and that's where I really learned that like if you can position things, if you can have the offer that's free, if you can have an offer that's absolutely free for people and send the right target traffic to it, any knucklehead can create some success. Next thing I think I kind of, as I was learning more traffic or learning more about internet direct response market, marketing and traffic getting that I remember having the experience to was in that company, I ended up creating my own how to guide on how to become successful. And in that guide, I think I gave that guide to the CEO of the company and the company and he said this is great, I think you should turn it into an info product. I never really thought about having my own information product or selling information online. To do the opportunity thing. But I figured out I'd paste it on the right sales letter for me and I make it more generic and he does an internal launch to his database within the company and it's like $7,000 worth of business in a day and it's like that's like two months worth of my salary, right? So this is huge money. So you learn the lesson of number one, your own product plus endorsed traffic equals like monthly salary style income in a day. So learning all these lessons and continuing down the path. Are you guys enjoying this? By the way, I was like to get a little bit of feedback. Who's here? I don't see if anyone's even here. Are they all hung up? Are they all hung up? He's like digging the story so far. They're over there. You're okay. You guys are still focusing on it. Normally I have more crazy stuff. It's like super early in the morning over there too. It's like six in the morning or something. Oh it is? All right. So I'll hurry up. I'll get to the point but all this goes into invisible. Get you to the point of why the invisible funnel is such an awesome thing. I learned the lesson of endorse affiliate traffic in your own product. And then I learned the lesson of paying for cold traffic and driving it to your own offer because after that launch I say, why don't I just go and buy my own traffic? And start developing my own database of leads. I can just remember the first day I put up a little PPC ad back then and had someone buy my information for $97. I had no idea who they were. They didn't know what I was. No one endorsed me. But there was $97. This was like a life changing moment. And if you guys haven't experienced that yet in terms of this marketplace just taking a little idea out of your head and getting paid for it, you never go back. It's one of the things you never go back from, back after you've experienced. And as it relates to the invisible funnel, if you can imagine being able to do that without having to go through any of the hassles of selling, like creating a sales that are even creating a product, it's just tremendously powerful yet having your prospects love every second of it. It's awesome. So I start to create this $100,000 per year income, $8,000 a month income, buying traffic a little bit at a time and selling my products. Then I think that's when I met like Carlos John Alottis, a guy that was a good email marketer. I learned the power of having your own list, telling stories and really entertaining people. If you consistently, once you're building a list and you have your own product, start emailing your list at least once daily, better in my world, but you get fired back, you know, pushed back on from some people twice daily, you literally double your income. So is that a workshop? It's actually the Underground Online Seminar, which is here in my hometown, Washington, DC, it's going on right now and I'll be there tomorrow. I was at that event and I learned this concept from this guy named John Alottis. I took it home and my business doubled. I went from like $8,000 to like $16,000 per month. And the value of entertaining your list and being in front of them, telling stories is just, it's a myth. It literally will build your business. As it relates to the invisible funnel, it's core to the entire concept. If it's all about creating the right desire around the right epiphany so that your customers need to know how to do what you have to offer them. That's all the selling there is. And that's not selling. It's just telling the right story that brings them to the right idea. So storytelling is immensely powerful. It's not just about the right story, it's about the right story. Storytelling is immensely powerful. I learned that when I'm starting to write emails daily. Eventually, I go back to another seminar and meet a guy named Carlos Garcia. Pay him a whole bunch of money to learn about getting massive traffic. And once I pay the stat, tell him I learned about traffic, I go home and I learn that big traffic starts with being able to split tests at a really micro level. If you want to just get ridiculous amounts of traffic, the way that you do that is you start with a simple offer in a marketplace that has traffic that you can tap into until you just start testing. A B split test, A B split test until your offer out converts anything else. And so when I first learned this and I started to crank up my traffic and I sort of put some of these other pieces in the play, like the free trial offer, I had a free CD. I was the first year that I did over a million dollars. So if you get the conversion piece, you get the storytelling piece. And you get the right offer piece and you get the traffic piece, right? Your sales literally skyrocket. What I didn't necessarily anticipate there was that. And so this, my whole goal was like, how can I build a million dollar business, live the internet, and all these things I'm doing, I'm trying to get there. And I finally got there for the first time with this particular new philosophy and this new funnel and product line. But what I didn't anticipate was that not all customers are good. And I created this just hugely complicated business with sure lots of revenue, but a bunch of bad customers at the same time. And it eventually imploded. So choosing the right customer before they become your customer or better yet, like we do in the invisible funnel, letting them choose to be a customer is it's game changing. And it's game changing because after that business, that didn't work out. We won't get into the details of it. I started over from scratch and I chose a better customer and I was able to scale what took me about 13 months to get from scratch to over a million bucks. The first time with that free CD, I was able to scale from scratch to about 130,000 dollars per month. Choosing the right customer in about five months. So choosing the right customer on the equation is absolutely huge as well. And so all this stuff, I'm learning all this stuff. And then I think Russell and I start to talk more and we start going back and forth and all sorts of marketing. And we end up at a conference a year ago. Yeah, a little bit more than a year ago. Yeah, a little bit more than a year ago. And I remember, because we're both weird marketing guys, we're just like, oh, yeah, here's a new quality. Here's another new quality. Right. And we're just going back and forth at lunch. And we both got up to go back into the session of the workshop after that lunch. We were like, wait, who do you want to pay for that lunch? We're sitting in the seminar and we both felt bad. So bad in fact that we had to run back to find a waiter. Like, we're so sorry. We've got to pay you. Yeah, we had to pay. We had to pay. We felt so guilty that we had to pay. Why? Well, because we've eaten, right? We got our value and we felt like we didn't deliver what was necessary in that equation. So we ran back to pay and it was paid for already by Brent. Thank you, sir. And I just remember thinking at that point, man, what if I could do that to my customers? You know, what what if I could put them in the position where they feel like they've been delivered so much value before I before I've charged them about and I put them in such a fair situation that all they want to do is become my customers and do more and more business with them. And so I think that was like a week later or something or even at that conference. I got an idea. I'm going to go try this. You saw me be like, when tell the details, I'm going to try some of the late now goes tell me all you see, you see, because I didn't know because like, what would you know? Yeah. So I tried this concept, which is the very beginnings of what we're now calling the invisible funnel the next week after that event. What I essentially do is I use my email to my list and I tell them a story about a particular concept. And I think it was trying to remember what that person was. And I have to go back and see what the actual. First of all, is how do my phone actually, I was listening to the game or the game changer, the trump card. Yeah, it was not trump card. First one. Yeah, might have been that one. That was good. People like that one. What was the main gist of it? I remember going through all the biggest breakthroughs I've had to that point. And I went through and I told I had this series of emails. I didn't sell anything. I just told stories about the biggest breakthroughs that I was having in my business. I told the story through chapters and I said, we're going to teach you all this stuff live, but keep following along and you'll get a chance to join. I'll give you the chance to read a chance to register for the event. On day five of the event, I sent them the link to register. But what I changed was from a traditional sale standpoint is I said, look, here's how it's going to go. Just like when you go to your favorite restaurant and they serve you the best steak of your life and then they bring you the bill and you only pay it. If you think that steak was that great, that's how I like to serve you this information. I believe it to be great, but I'm not you. I want you to be the judge. So here's how we're going to do it. You register for this, for this training and come and attend the training. And at the end, if I don't give up the goods, then it's on me. All the pressure is on me and you don't pay it there. And even if for any reason it's not the right thing for you, then I'll give you a special web, a special email address to email me at. Just email me there and you won't be charged. I'll even give you the recordings of the training. I'm going to open up my business and show you everything. But I'll give you the recordings and you won't pay a dime because you'd rather have your trust in your money. And I do this and I'm like astonished because what I did was you have to understand. I'm used to creating sales videos and sales writing sales letters. And it's always, I like the topic. I love to learn how to sell, but it's always like there's a point of resistance for me. For this task, I decided to just frame the training that way after I created the desire for it. And I just sent it straight to a registration form, straight to a reform. I don't remember the numbers exactly, but we had over 100 people that registered. Like 90% of them showed up. Again, 90% of the people that showed up at the end after I had to deliver the content were happy. 10% were, for whatever reason, it wasn't right for them. And that's all fair. So we don't charge them out. And I'd go, whoa, this is freaking crazy. All I did was like write some emails, have an idea and had some value to share and let my customers decide whether or not it was worth it. And I just focused on over delivering. And 90% of people thought I did good. So this was a first positive test. Then I go back and I start testing more. And so I say to myself, well, let me actually do a split test. Let me actually just see, compared to the conversion rates for a regular sales video, how does this actually convert? How does this actually weigh up? Way against that scenario. And so the next event I do, and it's just like the next, we got to come up with another topic and another story. And I end up doing about the same numbers or maybe even a little bit better because the cool thing about this concept that you don't see until you start using it is that the people that come to one event all come to the next event because they all love the previous event. So they're like, I can't wait for another one of those. It's like going to the movies because I know if I show up and it's not for me, I don't have to pay. So it creates this on the fly monetization model where it's a full consumption scenario. And people are excited to come and consume. I mean, a regular webinar, like maybe 30 people show up, 30% of people show up to it. Whenever you do this webinar, this type of webinar with this type of frame, especially if they've been to one before, they don't even think. They just sign up because it's going to be fun. So the second time I checked the stats compared to my best converting sales video. And I'm shocked at the end of the test to see that literally just this order form with no freaking sales, nothing whatsoever. Just register here and I'll see you tomorrow night. I'll convert to my top converting sales utter. Like why had I ever been selling? And so I'm like, all right, I think I'm onto something here. And that does well. And then I start thinking about, well, if I'm over delivering on content, then that really strategically positions me to make an awesome offer at a really high ticket level on the back end. And so the next round, what I start to do is I start to think about what can I position on the backing? I think this was a solo act secrets one that I did. And what kind of position on the back end that's really high dollar value yet at the same time, delivers on exactly what my prospects need at that point after I've delivered all the content. So it's almost like either done for you or done with you sort of an offer. And so that and then I also split test price points as put a test of $40 registration fee or ticket fee for the event that they choose to pay or not at the end, $97 and $197. At the end of the event, when all is said and done, I'd made about $16,000. And excuse me if I'm all black couple thousand, because I'm definitely eyeballing, but I'm just coming from your memory on this stuff. On just people coming to that event, I find out that $39 and $97 as a ticket price point converted exactly the same. Now compared to my top selling sales video, that top selling sales video sells a $29, 97 set of product. This $97 registration is more than triple to dollar amount and converts better. It's a win, right? More than three times of money. More than three times of money and converts more. That is way easier to create than it. I don't have to split test and find all these testimonials and do all this crazy stuff. I just have some fun. And so it just clearly is a winner. And at the end, I positioned a small boutique workshop, which I believe might have been my very first invisible funnel workshop that I did as the author at the end. And we ended up having 11 people come to that for $4,000. So here's this whole new monetization model that I've now kind of figured out from this whole standpoint of how can I kind of convert better? How can I convert more? And how can I do it in the highest integrity way? I'll just play in with this stuff and piecing it together one piece at a time. So I start to see things really clearly. The better the offer, the more you're going to make. So start there, right? The better the story, the more people are going to desire to show up. To your visible funnel event where you share all your content. The more transparently you deliver that content and the engagement you have with another event where you deliver that content, the more value your attendees are going to feel. And so I start focusing on these things that really matter. And then I come to one event where I decide to change the story, the media for the story. And that's when I think I'm at least for me, I felt like, all right, this is something that is absolutely ridiculous. It's like nothing I've ever done before, converts like nothing I've ever seen. And so I'll just give you the numbers. I decide to change one thing after I've just shared with you. The most important things to focus on. And two days I decide to promote. I end up with about 230 people that registered for the invisible funnel event. 218 show up. There's always about a 10% of people that are like that wasn't for me. But we had 97 people apply for a backing program out of those 230. And I had chose 24 of them to bring into the program. To bring into the program. And the price point was $10,000 or $15,000 per customer. Figured something and stuff out. And so the one thing that I changed, you guys want to know what that was? Let's see. I want to know what it is. You should know already. You guys want to know? It's 10 a.m. in Brisbane. Oh, I was running at 6 a.m. So here's the deal. This was like lightning. This was like a firecracker to the response. Instead of telling a story through chapters via email, what I decided to do this time that created hundreds of thousands of dollars as opposed to tens of thousands, 200,000. Was I decided to bring everyone to a webinar, a free webinar, and use that media. Just like I'm telling you this story right now and share the story live. That one change would double the results that we would have gotten had I just done the email. So, let's end that for you guys so you can see kind of, I mentioned I don't miss that. She basically saying what you're doing, you're leading with driving traffic to a free webinar. With a story frame. That's the important thing. Most webinars are like come here to learn how to do some specific thing. This webinar was purely, let me tell you the story of how this happened. So it's like you're going to the movies. It's like, you know, you're showing up to watch your favorite show. How long is that webinar? Was it like an hour or longer? Or how long did it tell the story? You know, maybe I can go long. So maybe a couple of hours. But it doesn't have to be. You know, I know some people like, gosh, should be this long or that long? Is it better? A TV show is 30 minutes. If the points, if you feel the story has been told and the points fell, and the epiphany is like, oh, I got it? In 30 minutes, it's 30 minutes. Yeah. Right. So then maybe tell the story about we'll leave into the next thing though. Yeah. All I wanted to have at the end of the story is an epiphany. I want them to say, if I become a list publisher that my business becomes a never-ending. Cash machine. I want them to get it and feel it guttural. Because if they feel that, then all the desires to have that realization, have that business producing those results as soon as possible. They want to get there. So then if I say, tomorrow I'll show you how, and I'll just open my business up and just literally show you how it's done, then it's a no-brainer to say yes. Especially when you position everything from the standpoint of put me to the task. I told you the story. If I'm lying to you, then it's all me. It's not on you. I got to produce. Right. And so that's the minds that we want people in a webinar anyway. Because if they come into an event where we're going to try to position offer for a really hot ticket, we want them to literally be focused in as much as possible. And so this framing gets maximum attention for that period where we want to gain the most trust. We want them to really get the concepts that we're sharing so that they can lead them to the proper, for the big ticket sale, the profitable sale that we're creating. And so that we can pull out of those people that love the content, the ones that want to do more business without any resistance. Some of it is magic or anything, at least for me when I've done the big ticket sale at the end. It's literally just like, here's how we can take this to the next level. Send me an email and let's see. So yeah, that event is a story. That's the story. And then here comes the invisible funnel. So this is a story base. This is more how-to then? Yeah. This is like if you could imagine the info products that are sitting here in your office that you have to go and pop in your DVD player or pop in your CD player. They were just delivering that live. They're paying if they get value in that experience for that experience as they happen. It's like going to the movies. Yeah. Well, they're both kind of like going to movies, but this is like going to- This is like- This is like the premiere and this is the actual show or something. Well, it's like going to a seminar. Yeah. I mean, it's like going to a live seminar. Like you're paying to be there and experience it. Yeah. It's never that you're selling your back end, which is more- Just in some cases like more of a done for it or the story how-to. Story, we bug the idea. It's like a seed and we're planning it. And then in the how-to, we're like cultivating it, right? We're giving all the tools that cultivate it so that they can have like this money tree or whatever tree it is, it delivers the results. At the end, we're just basically like saying, I've already been farming these trees for months. Would you like one? Because I can just give you one about it. Yeah. So whatever that position is. That's cool. That's actually cool. My head. V back in. Yeah. I just found it to be so cool. Now just from perspective, if you're not comfortable sharing it, like we said you had the 90, I mean we'll opt in for or apply for this. Yeah. How many of them actually signed it up? 24. Before and what was the price issue? It was $10,000 or $15,000. And so the payment plan, some people paid all in full, some people just wired us $10,000 or $15,000. But the majority of them either put $2,500 down or put $5,000 first down and then pay $2,500 a month to complete it. That's awesome. So if you remember the numbers like how you will show this one, this one, yeah. So I had 1,100 registered for the story. 100 registered. 500 show up. 500. 238. Registered. Yep. Okay. I have a 500 and a 218 showed up. 218. Then here we ended up with 97 applicants. Down to 24. Before. Interesting. That's not bad payday. I'm just looking at math behind it. 218 people times 1,000. This is say, it's like 20, say 20K plus. And back here it says 10,000. You get another 250K plus. So not bad for providing tons of value to people that are so exciting. Without selling. You know what I mean? Like literally that's if you guys get any point of emphasis from me on this, it's like there's no setting up or recording of web on a farce. There was no hardcore learning of copy. There was just, let me tell you a story. You get it. You get, if you get this one thing that I got in the story that you can have these results to, I'll show you tomorrow. Do you want to come? Don't even pay. Let me show you. And if it's worth it, then pay. Is that fair? Yes, it's fair. And then at the end, the only thing that you are thinking strategically about is that back in the offer. How can I almost deliver them results or get them as close to results as humanly possible and results like, you know, either the fat loss or the money coming into the bank account? That is what I find by results. Not having the thing, having the thing is like, it's kind of cool. But like in a place where they're like almost experiencing it, that's the part that you kind of think about and you want to really get right. Because the other two, there's all sorts of points that can be fine tuned and you can play with. But if you just got basically what I just said on those two parts and you just went to it, you would get results. And you'd have this epiphany in and of itself for the experience. You mean something that, you know, this working stuff isn't that complicated. And it's actually a ton of fun. And I think I could do this forever just like this, what I want to talk about next week. See, you have an instant business just from delivering consumable value in the form of information to your customers in a way that's most fair for them. That's awesome. One thing I want to talk to you about, because you've done this a lot better than I have, I think it's interesting that people should understand that like when you're doing your webinars live, you talk about like you interact with Facebook and the crowd. That's like the cool thing that's really powerful. Yeah, so you want to be in control. You want to be the authority. It's just like if you speak from stage, you want to be the authority in the position of power. And so one of the things that I like to do to make sure that that point is felt in any sort of webinar that I do, and the reason is it's based on consumption. If that's why like when I look over here and I'm looking at the interaction, I'm like this is any more interaction. I always want more. I know if I can't get you engaged, then you're not going to get the value out of it, right? So whenever I do an event, I like to use it. People copy me on this one. Tongue. I like to use Facebook and just a Facebook group. And what I do is I just know like before the event starts, I'll say look, it's like we have seven people here right now, right? Well, I need every single one of you guys to come into the Facebook group and say hi before we get started. And the reason is like what I just said, I already know this stuff and I want to make sure that you get the most out of our time together. So I need you to respond and I'm going to make sure that as we go along, you're engaged because that's the only way that I know that you're getting the value and you're going to take home and retain this and get results in your life and business. And so by holding them to that level of response, then it creates an engaging experience, which is a lot more fun, right? And they have to pay attention. And at the end of the day, if you, and this is like one of those nuances, right? If you take the time to think through the content and embed the lessons that logically lead your prospects or customers to want to buy the next thing, you end up selling a lot more too. It's, we're definitely like a consumption age. And so my focus, like today we're talking about, should we do this as an, are you thinking about taking this to the automated level or are you going to continue to do it live? The thing that kind of tugs at me against doing things totally automated is that I know the more engaging I can be, the more consumed my content is going to be at the end of the day, you know? And that's going to define how much value I'm giving to anyone customer. And if I want to have a cool business with only cool customers, then, you know, I would, I would need to deliver the most value per customer possible in a leveraged scenario. And if I can call you out and I can say, you know, Daryl, what's up, man? That's engagement. And so I'm very, I try to be very engaged. And if I, if I make a point and I think it's important, I'll ask the group, come into the Facebook group and did you get it? What's the answer? And until I get a certain number of answers, I don't move forward. Right? If you're on Dagan State, it's so funny. It'd be like, well, I got 30 people commenting. I'm not moving until we get 60. And finally, people start jumping on that. Actually, I want to hear the next piece and they get it. And it keeps them attentive and focused and it's cool. You have to engage because, I don't know, for me, and if I'm talking about a topic that I already know about, like, what's the point if you're not even paying attention? Why do you show? I can stop at any point. I already know, right? So if they're not engaged enough in the topic to actually respond and have a dialogue about it, what are we doing this for? So, and I know for a fact, especially when you start to call people out, call people out like individually, like, hey, Ray, hey, Dale, hey, Mary, you know, those are the people at the end. Those are the responders. So whenever you, there's all these things you can use to really drive response and do a great job. You tell me your story, you tell me today about how you're closing people and you like, if you like say yes, they're in on Facebook, if he's sat there and closed it, it's so awesome. Yeah, so I have a friend, his name's Jazz, and he's one of the best speakers I've ever seen put on a workshop, like a weekend workshop. He does his workshops in Singapore and Malaysia. And I got the opportunity to just kind of watch how he does his marketing in the room. And so I wanted to adapt one of his strategies. I thought that was really awesome to do, to this invisible funnel process for the back end. So sometimes I'll just experiment. It's not about like maximum money. Sometimes just felt like, let's see what happens if I try to do this. So I took one of our high-convince, high-value products of the recordings of one of our webinars. That I never released, I still haven't. It's actually from the invisible funnel workshops I did. And I said, guys, I'm not even sure if I'll release these, I might, but people paid $4,000 to $20,000 to come to this event. How much would these be worth to you? Like what do you think they're worth? Like if I was to make them available today, what would you think? And I waited for people to respond. Once I have one that was reasonably high, I said, that's a good price point. Does anyone else think that it's worth that? Because I'm not sure if I will, but I might. A couple other people say, yeah, and I say, well, that's not enough. Make up a reason for what? What if I did it at this price and you dropped the price, maybe it's from $4,000 to $2,000, a couple more people say, yeah, that's a great deal at that price. Well, that's not enough. That's not enough. What if we dropped the price even more? You got to have a reason why. I don't remember what my reason why it was now, so I'm just going to do the methodology. You get more response. And eventually you want to get to the point where you're basically giving it away for free. So I got to the point where I was like, well, in order for me to record these, here's probably the best deal for me, because I don't mind giving it to you guys. We have fun. What if I gave you these recordings for absolutely free? The whole audience goes, yeah, I want them. I want them. I want them. I want them. All right, well, here's how I'd like to do that. It cost me this much to record them. And if we just divvy that up between all of you guys that just responded and you guys just pay that amount, then that's a deal I'll like to do. So what I want you guys to do right now is just email me to my email address. And what I'll do since we already have your credit card on file is we'll just charge you out internally. And then what we'll do is we'll deliver those recordings to you. And just don't tell anybody about it because like literally people paid up to $20,000 for what I'm about to give you for like $200,000 or $300,000 or $5,000, whatever it was. It was a bad ass offer. And so then I just switched over to my Gmail account and every single person that responded in Facebook saying, yeah, yeah, that's awesome. I waited until they responded. I was like, you know, Darryl, you said you wanted it. You said it was an awesome deal. I didn't get your, you know, can you just make sure you send that to me right now? Because you have to have that final level of commitment. And it's funny because they're like, yeah. So you got to, you got to debone some times. So awesome. So sometimes you got to push them over the edge to get the value that they know they need. Yeah. Right. That's so awesome. Darryl's asked, so you actually had more in the Facebook and share a comment or how you did that? Yeah. Yeah. So on this webinar, if we were doing this right now, we would go over to Facebook. You would see my Facebook, we'd be in my Facebook group and we just started having a dialogue. I'd go around the internet. I'm not the sort of person to do a webinar with like a bunch of slides or anything. So if I'm showing you how to do something, I'm literally just opening up my business and showing you literally how I do it. And between points, I come back to the group and make sure that the most important points are remembered. You know, did you guys get that? When I said you need to do one, two, three, what were the one, two, three steps for this? We have 212 people here right now. I need at least 106 responses. I got to make sure we're on track before we move on because this is a really important point. I just step back and I wait for them to respond. And it's also good because sometimes, you know, as a teacher, you don't always explain things perfectly. And I'll notice sometimes, you know, if 20% or 30% of the responses are coming back way off from what I thought I was saying is giving as a pretty clear point. I know that I need to like make that point felt that concept. I need to do a little bit of that concept more clearly. And so let me go back and make sure everyone gets what's most important to get in the training that I'm putting on. That's cool. Any other questions? Have this good stuff. People have been waiting for hours. That's right. That's what, and that's why it's what happened. Russell started coming to my invisible funnel events and see now he's a great customer. No, even better. Now I just get to show up his office and hang out a bit. Yeah, hang out all day. This is what happened. You did the invisible funnel. The world becomes your friend. That was awesome. We did our first one. Yeah, talk about that. I mean, something, I mean, you tell me something, something's that. Some curious. Yeah, it's funny because I don't like, you always wonder like, you told me your numbers. Like, I don't remember the text. So I'm like, you got 100 subscribers. How many, or sorry, I think we're gonna get 200 and 300. Yeah, yeah. We ended up, so we didn't do, when I did mine the first time, I didn't have any friends. All I had was like just the invisible webinar. And we had about 550, I think it was like almost exactly, I might have like 548 or something. Like about 550 that signed up for the. And I was in my business funnel workshop as you were like texting. Text me every year, sorry. I'm more like, yeah, it's still working right now. So awesome. So we did that. And then at 550 we had, I was like over 85%, like 80 something percent show up, which is, some math on that, like little under 500, right? Four, whatever it signed up. And I was, I rebuilt at 47 bucks. I wish I would have done 97, right? I'm thinking about it. So we had 400, whatever, almost 500 people show up live. Did the thing, and it was funny because I was dating, did his first one, it was like four hours long. I'm like, how long will we talk for four hours? And such all my people might, we're probably an hour or two. Like that's kind of right soon. That's our teach my stuff. And with so much fun, we have gone four hours deep into it. And so the end of four hours, so the webinars four hours long, we lost almost nobody. Like it was amazing that we had, it was like a Friday afternoon because I didn't do nights. So then I just, anyway, who got out of work or whatever, but they were there for the entire four hours. And then at the end of it, so at the end of it, basically told everyone, hey, we're going to bill you now your cards. And I think we had about 10%. So we ended up rebuilding a little over 500 people at the 47 bucks. So that's 20, 25 Gs, which is awesome, except for the fact that like at the end of it, we soft sold a $5,000 billage website package to these people. Basically, I taught them how to build this whole like affiliate concept here and then write five grand will just do it. And my pitch was literally like, hey, you want me just to do it? There's only a cure to go pay five. And I can't remember how many sales we got, but we got enough. We, I was trying to remember, probably like 50, 60 grand or so in sales from that. So they came back here yet. And that was off like first time out, not knowing what I was doing. But what for me got me excited is, I'm always looking like when we used to have our call center, so our money we made was back here. This is the money we made. And everything up here was just to cover costs. I started looking at this and said, like, if I look at this as a real business and said, this $25,000 that I just made up here to get people to hear my pitch for my $5,000 thing, if I reinvest that 25 grand into advertising back into the front of this, like now it becomes this thing that just can grow forever. I think I've told you guys before, they're listening to this. I'm working on a new dot com secrets one right now. And it's one that I'm trying to get so we can do radio ads to and stuff like that. The whole process, the goal of it is, is to get people into this first webinar and then just to break even. So that $47 is what I'm using to acquire a customer. I don't know, do you guys understand in Australia, do you guys have a shark tank down there or a dragonstan? That's like, I know it's big in most countries, it's huge here in America. I don't think it's a dragonstan or a shark tank. But that's like, it's funny because they go into any of those businesses and like, first question they ask, like, what's your cost to acquire a customer? Like 90% of these businesses have no idea they can't answer that. Do you guys have dragonstan? Cool. But I'm like, now I know like, I can afford to pay $47 to acquire a customer and if I do that, you know, in a new model when we start doing the stats numbers, well I'll know what my conversion from this step to this step is. It takes me $47 to acquire a customer and then one out of 10 people are paying me the $5,000 for my back end thing. And suddenly, as soon as you know those numbers, this is the business I can scale. I can take that $100 million as soon as I know those numbers. And be able to pay $47 bucks or obviously we're going to change our price to $97. You can build a huge business off of that. Chat Homes, they made their front in $297 and that covered all the radio costs plus sales people plus everything else up to that, that dividing point and everything else that was just pure profit. Yeah. So I should tell that part of the story because you were telling me about Chat Homes. Definitely. A couple of times before. I was in an interview with them earlier. Yeah. You know, that's awesome. How do we make that actually work in this whole world? So it was like in my brain until that moment. I was like, I got it. It's like the epiphany of all the things coming together. It's like the angels are singing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's the other thing is, I mean, just think about the affiliates. You know, like how much more enticing is it to affiliates or JD partners to say, you know, for every registry? Like let's use my map. 500 people or let's even use the 1,100 people show up. 1,100 people registered, 238 people come to the event. One out of every five or so people that you have registered for this event is going to end up putting $97 in your bank account. So in other words, you can go to an affiliate and say, at the worst, if and give them 100%, at the very worst, one out of five registrants is going to make you $97. That's a pretty superior offer. And that's even before you go to the back end. You can give them a piece of the back end if you'd like to, but like for a lot of affiliates are just happy with that. Those are numbers that they can manage. That's exciting. Yeah. I still like some people nowadays doing webinars just selling like whatever this back end thing is. Yeah. It's hard to carry that out. Yeah. It's hard because you got to cover all your ad costs. You feel like everything ties into this, whereas it ties into this part of here and that's, it's all pure profit back here. And you can spend a lot more now to acquire that customer, give them the door. And again, just because of the nature of what we're talking about, like that customer is going to like you and invite you more often. Everything else feels pure because the experience is such a, such a good experience for people. Yeah. And also, if you, I mean, if you do it as an automated deal, a two-part story and then content event, then you can kind of pass it off the cost of customer acquisition to an affiliate because they'll have steady numbers that they can, and the steady system that they can plow into. And so that's what leverage, I mean, that's why I say like T-DRA, but should I always be able to have or should I automate it? There's good. It's a good way to perfect both of those. I'm not sure there's, yeah. Yeah. Higher sales, yes. Mary asked if you shall be on the webinar or I'm not sure. She's not. Yes. What percentage is, so right here, like you can give your affiliates, I mean, 50%, 100%. We've done stuff in the past, we've paid like 150, 200% for affiliate sometimes because we know our numbers on the back end are going to work. But obviously, I would go to the affiliate and offer them 50% first and if they say no, then 75. I mean, I mean, this is, look at this, just a break even, like the money up here, like let's just give that away as much as we can because It's requiring a great customer. Yeah. That's going to fall in love with you and listen to you forever from that point of forward. Think about every single one of those $97 people is a great customer because it shows to pay you $97 after you deliver value to them. Yeah. And so you're paying that guy to bring a person that's choosing to be your customer. And it's still a webinar you for four hours. They love you. They, anything you say to them now is like, Your buddies. Yeah, it's exciting. Good questions. Any other questions you guys have right now? It's been a fun hour so far. I hope you guys got a lot of value out of it. Just get the wheels in your head turning again and those who are working on your stuff, just give you different ideas. And I think we've talked a lot about automating these things. I think it's smart for most of you guys, especially the first time around is not automating it. If you are like do it once it's live because you're going to find out like what works with people like what they don't like and really kind of dig into that. And yeah, yeah, that's the other thing about this. Like since I've done a bunch of them, you can definitely do a lot of marketplace testing just to see like what the marketplace is willing to spend money for, what they deem as most valuable. If I do want, if I do an invisible funnel on something like solo ads, tremendous response. If I do one of these on and the topic for the training is something like offer creation, not that much response. Right. So you know where the marketplace's head is. And so it's pretty quick and easy and dirty to figure that out. Because we're actually signing up with a credit card on file to come to that event. So these folks on that instead of going and building whole process of the ones that we're going to buy. Yeah, especially on the front, especially on the front end. Right. So even that offer stuff is really valuable, but maybe it's more for the back end. On the front end, you got to go for what the marketplace is like literally streaming for. Yeah, that's interesting. Yeah, find the right offer, the mass appeal type offer. I saw a video the other day from Justin Brooke, his YouTube video. And I was going to find it real quick, but like basically he showed a piece of paper like this. He's like, this is the world. This is the marketplace. It's like it's all broken down into like three things. It was like, it's like health, wealth, and I can't remember the personal development or something like that. Relationship. Yeah, it was relationship. You're right, relationship. He's like, this is the whole world of the internet. Right. And he's like, what's interesting is that if you've an offer, it fits only. So let's say you're a real estate guru. So here's a real estate guru. So in the wealth world, you're covering this much of it. But then your niche is like, I use short sales. So then here's like, there's short sales. This is the whole world, but short sales is like what you're covering. And he said that you look at that, like that's your percentage of marketplace where if you figure out what's hot that would, something that would speak to a lot more people. And you can find one back here, this short sell stuff, but like how to get rich in real estate is more mass appeal. It covers such a bigger broad thing. And the back end, you're coming back down. Yeah. So it's good to find out like, what's the mass appeal that a lot more people are going to come in and then your back end can be a lot more. He taught how to get rich in real estate. But here it gets a whole bunch of people in and his back end is now like, this is the big secret of short sales. But you've warmed them up and you've taken them to that path where now you can target to what you want to be showing people or teaching people. That's good drawing, man. I don't know how to draw on my computer. I thought I had three programs that used paper. Some money making program. That's a great training tool. I still don't, I still haven't figured out what to do on my mac. That is a fantastic way to demonstrate that. So can you go to Justin on that? Yeah, that's a really cool video. Anyway, last time we talked about, and we'll jump off for today, is just a couple other unique ways that you've looked, and you've seen people doing invisible funnels. I'll share one real quick that this weekend, I showed the concept with a bunch of local marketing guys. And all of them have like these like $5 little products they sell. And if they're there, they try to get people in the coaching and they're having horrible time. This is a mention to them, they're selling the $5 things on the front end, and then their upsell now is invisible funnels. Like, hey, you just bought this thing. If you want to learn life for me for three hours, I'm going to go through this whole process, try before you buy, give me the $0 now. And using it as upsells for WSO is basically how they're all going to start using it. Because then you've required the customer really cheaply, and then now you're going to, it's like giving some of the book. Here's the book, and I can't be author of the book. Coming up for three hours, I'll actually walk you through this whole process and really teach you all the magic behind it. And the cool thing is that you can just literally, like if the product is basically just like a story to sell them on, why they need to do whatever, you literally just tell the same story live. And because it's in a different media, it's experience different. So like. Most of them never read the book anyway. Yeah. The reality of it. Yeah. And the back end is this cool like webinar that's live. Yeah. No, I dig it. That's, I was thinking about doing something kind of similar for, this publishing screen, like a 10 or 20 dollar book. Yeah. I think you look at like some guys like Dyson's guys and all $7 report things where it's just like, here's the concept, super cheap, get in, and then the coaching part's right behind that of Yeah. The funnel's pretty interesting. Yeah. No, I dig it. I totally, totally dig it. I'm trying to think of what I've had that's super interesting. On that stuff, not as much, what I would say after doing four or five of these events where I've taught people in visible funnel this process, is it's amazing. First off, the stories that people have, that they sit down and actually think about their own story and craft it in the best way for giving people to feel the emotion and all that. And I haven't had a person yet that's come to one of my workshops that hasn't been, we haven't been able to use this process for. And so for whatever reason, I tend to think about this one, a nice old woman named Mary Lou, who came to one of my events, a whole curvil thing, it's genealogy. And so, and she could just tell us, she's like so passionate about it. And we sat there and we're like, well, she's like having a trouble figuring out what that big ticket back in thing would be. And we sat there, but we figured it out. And it's just, well, I know that I would pay if you were to bring me through all the nostalgia of figuring out my family roots for an experience where you could take me back to where I'm from. Like you do all the planning, you do all the, take care of all my flights and my hotel reservations tour guides and all that, where I get to go and make experience where I actually came from. And that's a super high. You know what I mean? If you've learned your genealogy, you have someone figured out for you to plan the whole trip. So there's an offer for anything using this process, starting with your story, why you love it and how they can do it. And then now let us take you to that actual experience where you're actually, yeah. Yeah. First, I never thought about back and still I wasn't that fierce mastermind group. And I was on the mastermind call. It was interesting. He was like, first guy got on and the guy, I came to the guy's business. Oh, the guy was way the thing you grew. So like, he's had lift weights and stuff. And that's like, you know what you should do? You send an email out to your list and tell him for five grand, they come to your house and the weights for you. I'll lift weights with you. He had like a basement gym that like, he always owns his products and like, pay five grand, come here for a weekend, all the weights together will be fun. And guys like, oh, that's good idea. And then next guy gets on and tells him his business and that's like, you know what you should do? You should have everyone on your list, pay five grand, they come to your house and do that thing with you. And like, three people are going to tell him the exact same thing. I'm like, crap, that's a good idea. After the third person I'm like, I have my epiphany, like, wow, this would actually work. So that's next morning I send an email to my list and said, hey, come to my office and spend five grand and come hang out with me. And it was full of five people at five grand. And that's my first packet that I'd ever done. I was flipping out. This is the greatest thing in the world. So that you paid for that, you paid for that mastermind? From what? Yeah. The difference is funny because like, the difference in me and most people is like, the next day I just did it. You know, like, that's the way I did it every day. Like, I hope you guys take that like, listen, like, if you have a list right now, go to an invisible funnel tonight, like, this is right out. Just cut your teeth, like, what's the worst thing that could happen if you don't have a list, find some of your space you can borrow one from, like, let's go just find a partner and tell them you'll give them 100% of the money just so you can test it out and to see what happens from it. And just to get your, just cut your teeth and kind of go through there. So I agree. I mean, it's, it's, you just, you're gonna love it. Yeah. Miriam said, do you recommend getting a count and go to webinar to start practicing them? I would say definitely do that. I would get, go to webinar, I think nowadays, you can like the max account, like 100 bucks a month, can you? That's like, go to webinar? No way. Well, I don't know. I mean, I swear, I looked, I thought it was pretty expensive. But if you get 100 bucks a month, like, you can get a big webinar nowadays. So the prices went down. Yeah. I still have it. I have a bigger account. I pay more, more for, but I think you get like, anyway, yeah, I think 100 bucks a month you can account. But I mean, just like test what your webinar is going to be and make sure that people respond. Before we go through and recording an auto medium, I think that'd be really smart to do. And then after you've done it once, then let's go record it or, you know, because very rarely do we get things right the first time, especially the first time we're usually pretty nervous. And I think it's the best way is find either your own list or something else, list, cut your teeth on it and try it out before we try to do it automated at all. A couple of things I'm looking forward to testing as you're talking about that, maybe it doesn't even need to be that complicated. Maybe you can just get like a tell a seminar line. You know, we don't see too many people doing that. But yeah, I think it's actually, it might be easier to focus in on a story if they're just listening in. That's actually really interesting. So I'm kind of interested to test that part of it. And then on the back end, if you don't want to sell over the phone or something like that, what I'm interested in doing is, I haven't tested it yet, is kind of the way that Frank Kern positions at like, pay me $1,000 for a console, and we'll see if you're right for the program. So then the kind of the folks that are most right for whatever that offer is, prepay, and you just kind of say yes. So there's tons of cool stuff to still test. Those are the top two kind of on my mind. But I think for stories, I think tell a seminar might actually give a bump for that component. And it would differentiate from the webinar. So phase one is tell a seminar. That's really interesting. That's how we do some stuff around Allen's Big Sales 4, Neighborhood, two-part tell a seminar series, two-part tell a seminar, sell the coaching. Part one story. I still have to find, I have to actually see the recording's first one story, where you get to like, build your vision, he calls it and all the stuff, where you like, see your house and then visualize it. And then there's the second one, the second one is all more how-to than they pushed directly to a phone call to the sales guy, where he's kind of doing the set and the sales guy just closes the sell-out. I forgot about that. That's really interesting. So this isn't really that new at all. It's just we figured out something. There are different ways to do it. Some stuff that people already did. I guarantee there's some direct mail version of this. It's a postcard to a DVD. Yeah, I guarantee. He was actually telling me that he was doing something similar. It's like a letter to like, some secret time-sensitive webinar or tell a seminar that they have to listen to. And the offer was kind of positioned, like the invisible fall. So it's just interesting to see all these different sort of evolutions of this process coming from just totally novel places. I'd love to hear like the Robert Allen thing, to see how they do it. Because there's probably a couple things that I'm not even thinking about. You're not thinking about like, so you guys are like listening to this conversation privately between me and Dave. And they're like, you guys are still here. I hope you don't mind. So I was going to tell you something about, you guys are backstories people understand. So we were talking today about like these little postcards that just have, and I'm not sure, I know you guys are a lot more direct and all out Australian, most of us here in America, but like a little like three by five postcard has a headline and a phone number. They call the number, listen to a six minute recorded message, and then the record message, you push one to order, it goes to live operator. I wonder if that was it. They call and listen to a six minute story. Yeah. And they push one to go and pay for the visual funnel. That's like what Nick was doing. What he was like, really, really, you know, really, really interesting. That's kind of like Chet's whole thing again, she's cutting out, cutting out, sell people, cutting out the headaches. So how do you guys feel listening into the brainstorming, all the excitement, right? We should just record the whole entire last day. You little loved it. Only if they consumed it. Right. You have to like, they have to be there to consume it. Ray asked her thought on, but there go, go to webinar or evergreen. So go to webinar is like the best live webinar system. Evergreen is like an automated one. So, yeah, and we're going to let you guys use our automated one. If you guys are going to do physical funnels, just use our automated one. So I need to go to webinar account now, just test it out, and then we'll give you ours to use. I'll cover your automated one. So cool. Well, thanks you guys for getting on the call this morning for you guys, this night for us. Hope you guys enjoyed it. We'll come back next week and go back to normal stuff. Maybe evergreen went live. I have no idea, to be honest, I don't know. I'm looking at business as much. I think actually I do like say that they may have like a plugin or something we do live, but I've never tried it. So I don't know. I did sell them. Anyway, I said we'll go back to our normal training next week. But I just wanted to throw this one in here because Dagen was in town thought it'd be fun for you guys and hopefully got a couple good ideas. And anyway, it's been great hanging out this morning. What time is it? It's 10am? 10, well, it's probably Australia that I'm on, I guess. You guys should invite Dagen down to Australia to come hang out with you guys. I had a good time out there. You love it. Have you been to Australia? No, then I've been to Singapore, Malaysia, Japan. You Japan? Yeah, just for fun. Oh, not to speak to anyone? No, just because my brother was graduating from high school. So I said, let's go to Japan. So we won't go like 10 days. But yeah, I know. I'd love to go to Australia. Tell me how everybody come and invite Dagen. I'm just ruin Perth. In Perth, they do something called brewing. I guess there's like a bunch of, and so Matt Lloyd goes on a farm and they go brewing. And that's basically where you just like go out and you're like pick up truck and you shoot kangaroos. He's like, this is what we do brewing? Yeah, it's all brewing. Is that legal to shoot kangaroos? I don't know. He seemed to love it. This is like that's what he did like as a child. Go brewing. Yeah, go saw many roots. Yes, it's legal. Wow. Very next time down there, we take it brewing. I want to try it out. That's awesome. Because suddenly there's too many that are all over the place. Oh, really? Yeah. It's crazy. I didn't see anyone on the other side. My kids, I got back. We're like, did you see any kangaroos? I'm like, I thought that was no longer cool. So gotta go to Perth, I guess. I guess. Yeah. We're on the Gold Coast. It was more like modern city style. It was the day before their spring break. So like the whole beaches, they were like blocking them off. They were getting prepared for like crazy spring break, I guess. Oh, yeah. So it's cool. But who knows? We left the right with the start. We missed like, passed all the crowds. Anyway, thank you guys. Sorry to have you listen to our banter, but I appreciate you guys and I'll send you guys recording this webinar too. Hopefully by tomorrow and we'll go from there. So thank you guys. Thanks guys. Nice meeting you. Bye.