everyone this is russel brunson on what he has all into the webinar tonight i want to make sure first off he has to hear me if you can hear me can you should put in a question box say yes we can hear you russle some make sure that my mic's coming through for everybody okay awesome is to me k well awesome so i had to be here with you guys tonight uh... i had amazing time in australia my kids uh... still talk every day the almost daily they tell me hey dad right now it's a time in australia and it's nighttime here and vice versa so i had a great times appreciate you guys uh... meeting you guys had a great time and i'm really excited about what's happening over the next two months uh... part of this coaching program uh... we got some really fun exciting things for you guys and uh... and i really mentioned this when i was in australia but what we offered you guys is the most the most done for you think that uh... i pretty much ever done with our company uh... the cheapest we ever offered them for you things in the past was ten thousand dollars uh... with this you guys get everything for a fraction of that so uh... and really the main reason why is we just want to hold a few case studies of people use this method and and have some time success with it so uh... anyway we're excited uh... this is kind of like the preview uh... webinar on recovery lost if we talked about in australia's kind of recap it but i'm also in showing like more depth more detail about some things but just to get you start thinking about the stuff to know uh... the majority i think we have a kid was like eighty or sixty ninety five percent of you guys all want to start in january in couple years one start december so i want to just kind of do a kickoff one skip that the will to attorney and get things ready and then january's or start the actual official uh... webinars was nice about that like i said we'll do a webinar one day i'll have a section set up for you ask a question answers uh... what recordings of all these webinars and there's well and then um... and then like that we're doing a lot of this process for you guys so uh... you have access to our team that to build up the pieces and get your webinars uh... your visible phones up and running so uh... it's gonna be a lot of fun like i really appreciate you guys uh... can take in the chance of anytime you join any coaching program you're always taking a chance on the coach and uh... and i definitely uh... take that to heart and understand that and so my goals try to deliver as much like as possible and get all you guys when you leave this process leave with your visible funnel finished and ready to rock and roll uh... it's not going to promise you guys and uh... the biggest aspect for me as return is just make sure you put in the effort uh... again after we get started officially in january it's just a six week process at the end of six weeks everything we've done we finished is we having uh... access to the sources you need for traffic will be looking up their media buyers like everything is need to run this business everything we use from this business is of access to uh... but does take you to put a little bit effort and i just just on your side that's what they're really ask you as make sure you put in that effort so that uh... we can make sure you guys are successful as possible so uh... with that said i'm gonna jump right in uh... again i'm at the sliders are very similar to actually get right with the presentation i give you guys australia i'm also because i want to go over to kind of the high level that beginning diving deeper and she has some actual samples online stuff like that's you can see the process uh... and then uh... and that's kind of a plan for today so today's will be super long will probably go about an hour uh... so you can kind of say your clocks by that uh... and then uh... exit uh... i'm not sure if you have looked at one of the bones they gave you guys uh... there's a product we sell for thousand dollars called the seven figure shortcut i hope you guys have a chance to look at that on this two full three-day workshops inside their whole bunch of other stuff it's one of the best parts of every particular uh... people love it is something that uh... i think a lot of you guys can all benefit from the search for make sure you guys had chance to go through that uh... so that's kind of a plan so let's jump right in again on the other part of the battle uh... we talked about uh... to come a club and the goal to come a club to help you guys create the ultimate lifestyle business in just six weeks or less uh... because my goals not to help you guys make millions of dollars uh... we can help you do that that's what you want to do but the bigger goals can and should be just help you guys really orchestrate build the perfect lifestyle business uh... i said from personal experience uh... my shirt mentioned you guys when i'm out there about two eight two-and-a-half years ago i had over a hundred employees working for me uh... we're doing amazing volume over a million dollars a month all this amazing stuff was happening uh... but it was definitely not the ultimate lifestyle business i was in the office every single day i was stressed out i had employees had reports and all this stuff i was a little kid i could at the time it was like twenty six or twenty seven years old and i'm like this is not what i signed up for i wasn't my goal of getting to this business and uh... and really that's uh... where the last two years of my life i've been focusing on really focusing on just having to figure out how to build a business around what i want and not just building a business because it's going to build a business and so uh... that's really the the goal of all this okay so i'm a jump right into this a little bit as it is first one is not as interactive the next ones uh... for the the actual life sessions will do it basically as a live session of a live q and a later on the week so you're asking goes information get questions and and you know do q and a afterwards that we get to make sure every single question is answered before we before the bomb also again uh... this and i just kind of mentioned why is getting this business for the freedom was money was a fame uh... and i think a lot of skin for different reasons but the majority of us is because of the freedom and that's one orchestrates how can we build freedom uh... type businesses and so on the biggest thing i want to mention uh... at the beginning here uh... dan kennedy kind of was the first one that really brought us to my head because uh... my first got started i serve in my very first call was uh... was to make a thousand dollars a month as like i can make a thousand dollars a month my wife and quit her job uh... that's not what she was making a month and i was not only like my only real goal and i think we got that uh... the primary first month i did like eighteen hundred dollars in sales as like well i just you know i did really good second month i did three thousand three month i did five thousand and i was just like this is this is working is working really really quickly and so uh... after i got addicted to it and sure lot of guys have felt that you did to this game is so much fun he's are growing businesses and it wasn't i heard and canada say he said uh... you need to pick like have that number in your mind what's that number what's the moment number you're working towards you have that here's kind of working to work and that the pizza purpose of of what we're doing and so i was knowing that what's your what is your real goal this business is the bill you know is it you need a thousand dollars a week is a thousand dollars a day is it you know is it ten thousand dollars a month is it you know what what's that magic number if you think that number out on this not that it will kind of reverse engineer that you get to it uh... as soon as you figure your conversions all type of things along the way uh... the key initially is knowing what that number is most people don't ever have any idea what that number is that's kind of uh... the main thing what folks on for you guys is just figure out what is your real goal and uh... let's focus on that so how much you have to make that lifestyle can talk about that i'm not sure is my journey to get a talk about that in australia but the big all how i want to take this is the way you get what you want that the core thing you need is high ticket products uh... we still have to get products in in dozens of ways i saw them through call centers on to webinars automated webinars to enter visible funds in fact i'm gonna break out some of the slides here uh... yes go to your short so this is the bonus i guess that the short uh... actually sold today can even for so that for five thousand dollars certainly here's what you think i can for so i know for a thousand if you want to hear so this is really been at the train that that happens in this system this has uh... then over the last two years what we really did uh... to scale our business i guess that we went from from having a hundred employees and most of them were on the phones all day dialing dialing for dollars so that this figure said hundred plays all dialing for dollars and uh... if you've ever done a call center before i got model works really really good in fact in here if you check this out see where i have it at these words about here that's right here the eight yourselves process okay so right here in this taxes seven eight figure sales scripts uh... this is what i thought about how we uh... ran our call center and so this is a little bit of teaching the concept behind it all and then here is uh... the actual script this is script we use when we just had uh... is called uh... uh... like a one-person uh... call center we're basically there's what there's only one per you know you have a a call comes in and there's one person at the call does the whole sales process and sells them this is a script that we use for that and this is the audio training this is actually a call it with mad basic he was the first one to talk about call centers this is a script he gave me and this is the audio training he went through with me teach uh... teacher uses script uh... this trip is awesome we made a million dollars off of this trip uh... initially and it is just amazing very simple very simple easy sales trip that uh... we use the use of take this in model it for ever product service you're selling uh... but that the script is amazing here and then the second one is we call us that are closer script this is when we start scaling went from from a million dollars year to over ten million dollars year we broke up in it at two pieces we have a setter closer what that is basically way the center closer model would work uh... this is why we had a hundred points by the way is you would you set it up where i can our calls and we have one guy who is the closer he's kind of like that the best in the group right his desk at the top of this like this cube farm with cubes right and then i hear we have our center so you should be between six eight guys who were setters and the centers they be dialing through the all the on dialing dialing dialing they try to find people who are qualified uh... to to be part of our program after five something to pre-clo the the preset we call the set they can set up and they transition off to the closer and the closer then close the person get the money and set a closer would split commissions and this miss we can scale very very quickly because uh... one problem with with this right here that the one person script that one person is dot a lot of people he could be a great closer be spending half the time on the phone uh... you just trying to qualify people find is good this way we could bring a lot like you know that the centers down here are more low-level cells people uh... we brought all in their dialing really quickly they find is good to pass off to the closer case so that is what this is near the whole the whole script this is a script this is how we run introduction blast probe and commitments and so again if you ever if you want to call center if you have one these this year here uh... i mean this this trip to like said maybe over a million dollars a year this one maybe over ten million dollars a year so this this is like the best of we've got uh... so that was how we ran our business for five or six years and then in uh... here in america we got really heavily regulated by fc on like what you can and can do all the separate things uh... in sales process of guys and you got their calls and shut down so i just thought we can walk away from that so that i want to folks on a new business is so uh... we started doing at that were webinars uh... we're not working really good uh... but promise i was doing webinars all the time and as much as i enjoy doing webinars uh... i've got a life and family kids also such that i want to be doing and so i can't pull away from uh... doing is what are some of our income start dropping again so we need something in place to keep selling high-ticket products for you and so that point we created uh... automated webinar and i'm sure you have a very first automated webinar ever because uh... c so this is a very first automated webinar we ever created it's good dot com six local economy c i got a sketch of video here and it's automated so you can pick a date in a time that they want to register for the event so they pick pick it they reserve their spot and then they are they register for it so we do this for quicks you see real quick to register now typically they pick it if they pick a different time it'll it'll have different emails and stuff to kind of uh... get them to show up but i speak to the live one so this will actually pop in and boom this is like a lot of player and so this is the the webinar playing right here turned out of this so this is actually all the reason we have a new version of the lead test it's actually out right now so some of our jobs and again the one and it seems live you look at that the videos playing apple coming on questions i think seems like recorded microsoft so we started on the webinars and uh... the very first year our first automated webinar the likes three that dot com six local like three over three million dollars can remember it is really good and then i made one uh... for our continuity program we launched that and it got that uh... launched in march and since march has gotten us over twenty thousand people to join our continuity program so i mean when there's awesome and you have to be part of the process and you can sell high-ticket things uh... and so i think it is a nice it's not something to show a training is about is about how to do your own webinars automated webinars and if you look at the products actually kind of it there's two steps in this product on the first one is the vented in boisey to come here click on very first tab hopefully load up we could be a first at that has uh... intro video and there's a manual and the manual uh... i spent so much time with us on scripts there's case studies as a ton of stuff this manual is made of you print that out is going to give you guys it basically is every single place i've per currently purchase ads for all my businesses so that's the song here like this manual here we can sell for you know five hundred bucks per easily uh... but you know for free so down that and then if you appear this is this is us training you as a habit of a web is not even a webinar timeline this how we do the stack the close trial closes i would ourselves process the segmentation traffic uh... so that when our swaps the affiliates organics row uh... online off a media buying so that's all that all that's one of them in boisey and over here is another that we did in florida teaching similar concept that's really some guys came to me there uh... are amazing doing webinars in fact uh... i think that's a thousand dollars to uh... the coach me actually build i'll be bill the webinar and i believe it's on this tab right here yes so i think i'm gonna do it and i record the whole thing so this is the recording my ten thousand our day with uh... power day with us and a where they built my webinar so you actually watch this to see how you know how to build a webinar and there's a whole seminar with me and then teaching how to create webinars and how to script them out and all that kind of thing again that's everything so i hear you guys this is enough to be busy forever uh... i want to make sure you guys knew what the value that sometimes people see that kind of just brush through this is like when was powerful tools i could possibly give you guys a million years i was one make sure you're aware of it and use it for what's worth it's not going to be a solution uh... we still do a lot of many webinars to work so fantastically great and recently last and probably eight months or so we've been focusing now on the invisible funnels and having so much fun with them and it's by far my my new favorite way to sell products uh... it gives people a better customer experience makes people happy and uh... and this the whole process is is awesome so that's what i'm more about uh... tonight and that's really billy out for you guys is actually uh... invisible funnel and uh... it's gonna be really cool the neatest thing i think for you guys is uh... the fact that right now there's not many people doing this uh... day and smith's doing it i'm doing it and there's probably five six other guys i know that are doing it and that's about it's really kind of a secret to now on the first this is the first time i ever spoke about was in australia i want to give you as the new hot exciting things that that are out there so as a person i ever personally talked about it and so like i said it's just gonna be uh... a tool you guys have a no but never competitors have a promise you that and you'll be maize it at the results that can bring for you uh... so i'm talking about the history of how this whole invisible funnel thing came about you can see the the thought process is like all behind it's really important and fax is funny today i was working working on a uh... new sales process and uh... there's a guy's name's chet homes and chet was a mentor mine and he actually passed away just earlier this summer uh... but uh... if uh... he he had a whole bunch of radio ads like his whole business runs off of radio ads and him and told me robber's partners in the release radio ads it's so this is how their model works and explain this i think it at our event but they run a radio ad then goes to the inbound calls and the guy the calls and basically gives them a free something you can use my free nine free reports after emails nine free ports then he calls are the then they basically say we're doing this web at our over here web at our is three hours long and you're gonna learn everything you possibly about on this topic that double yourselves in your business uh... the webinar is two hundred ninety seven bucks but we're going to come on for free if you want to all you gotta do is just pay zero dollars down right now and then uh... and then get on the webinar in the webinar if you hate it let's know when you will build if you love it don't do anything in the mobility of dollars so we make sure you get your your value or that's kind of the way that they position this right so obviously very smart and so uh... and so that's kind of what what happened and then at the end of the webinar they would uh... they would basically the whole three-hour web are people loved it and then the other webinar just as i recommend you guys going fine and if you're business breakthroughs dot com you can go through this process business breakthroughs final quick it's yet tony robin yet missus challenge dot com see open business master i'll find free as yes if you're here you actually go to this process i recommend it because it uh... it's when i think it's really good but you'll have to use go to to uh... challenge dot com with on the business master infill form this is just like a radio at the call you back and try to set up uh... tricellar on this webinar so if you're going to sold on the beat if you don't mind you must see a process and i recommend it so you go to swimmer and what are some amazing for three hours is pure content teaching and training and giving in and all that kind of thing and then a webinar they basically they they value it so it was this webinar worth the two and i said dollars and uh... and he asked a personal personal life and the per ever like yes yes yes yes okay cool bill your cards it's okay with us over now uh... for those interested in kind going to next level that another program it's not required but we'll tell you about so that the cell like there's no selling this whole thing which is nice in which white people love it the only cells happen after after the whole things over say we have some program of their program they sell uh... he said three thousand dollar i call the state course type thing it's a cell that they sell the three thousand dollar thing and then uh... and that's kind of works in the three thousand are things so uh... it's all nine thousand dollars thing such as self-process and they were making insane amounts of money uh... their whole goal was to get so they would buy radio at which radios are we are not sure how the ad rates are in australia here in america they're so pretty expensive so by the radio ads it drive it to the funnel and then appear uh... their goal was just to the students tonight some dollars to break even and so uh... and usually make a profit but their goal is to try break even so spend two hundred dollars a one person sign up for this we do that then are already a cost to break even in the boom all three thousand dollars cells just pure profit coming to us and so that's kind of them the concept of what uh... what they built out they built a huge on other their their exact numbers never shared in my know they were in the tens of millions of dollars in sales all the story radio ads it's this funnel case so pretty exciting if you ask me and so i should i would take a smith with my close buddies and and uh... and she has a chance to some webinars with him uh... what's interesting just so you know we're doing on this one are serious right now if you guys wish me and you uh... will lose over the next six weeks uh... then after that day and i do in a live print training program uh... another one will be kind of going over similar concepts uh... will be selling for a lot more than what you guys paid for we'll have access to come on those is live live as well as a free bonus uh... go through the training again on the little difference they will be there as well uh... so you guys love to ask for the program twice if you're interested but anyway that's just on top of it so it's just a big and and they got really excited and he went out there and he built uh... and that i saw something to see a couple of how to replicate i can figure out how to replicate this whole process he came out a couple weeks later to rustle check out this website and once the website and basically there's a really simple website and there's an order form down here and also there's like a little the some text appears that he i'm doing this uh... training webinar i think it was uh... i think it was for his uh... so i'd secrets and so it's a lot secrets at two point also solo and secrets two point all uh... so it was amazing it's ninety seven bucks if you want to be on it uh... but you have to pay till after it's over just put your credit card in right now here and then after webinar if you it's not worth it i don't believe you love it pay nice and bucks he he launched a scene that's what he did and uh... is not i don't i'm not filled with sharing his number he launched i think it did amazing a huge profit on the front end the end of the soul something i can't remember price when we sold something end of it and just crushed it like just insane amounts money was more interesting more than the money was um... the engagement from people people that went through this process fell in love with the images love him because they'd like to be sold to wasn't like and he's on the bat that feeling there's some speakers and she's seen before who get there and they just sell for two hours straight new like useful dirty afterwards upset because you were there to learn something they were there to teach something they just sold to you in and with my sister's processes you can come in here teach for three or four or five or you know an hour if you want to have a little teaching this process years giving your best of everything you got he wanted people happy to want to pick them upset obviously she gives much as you can and at the end of it uh... people who they get that law reciprocity love it and so there's so much more excited to do business with you and take the next step and uh... it's that's kind of where you offer that the next piece of the puzzle here and that's uh... the most easy sales process years will ever go through sweeten the same process after digging in a set i can i can model that's the same thing we launched our field cap the very first time uh... built out this process and uh... yes and see it we have an automated from yet so i'm a yet uh... we will be on the same software we're giving you guys here soon uh... i show this video in australia's you see that but the part of the concept is very similar factors to a mighty two versions of the reverse one is basically for the boot camp this price list live on the workshop your discover secrets to craft your field offers building a sequence and generate traffic is that funnel you learn more about it was his rustle and stand up we build one dollar right now is a nice spot understand it live at rustle brunson will ask me if this is not worth your time is email me a secret email address that will be revealed on the webinar you will pay a dime that's about it and so he will give you the opt in the takes an order form and again i was using click bank for this a quick bank for speedy dollar trial uh... we make this automated which is going to be the next step with this we won't charge uh... dollar it'll be will be free uh... front of the building it'll and this we also we did forty seven dollars on it where we will be doing ninety seven dollars on on the future one uh... and they do a lot of other level of the fact you go to yes you are my products for free today hope that you don't mind k so if you go to the boot camp dot com and if a bc one two three html you actually come on here and watch my my webinar so you download it you can download this is the page that they people have to register now first is a live webinar and now it's this uh... they watch the recordings of it uh... when we when we i put this in our software basically will come to this page of the re-registered if you want to see that for a webinar to see what i taught how i taught it uh... you can watch it right here is the boot camp dot com a bc one two three html uh... c trance and message political that everybody as there's the link so uh... yet you have a just those are that's the actual people went through and uh... when we launched this thing we had uh... about five hundred fifty people who signed up for the the paid product we had only about ten percent canceled with five hundred we build uh... again we're forty seven dollars at the time and so was that twenty about twenty five thousand bucks we made off of the after the actual life training in the end of it thank you watch this guy's in this is like the worst sales pitch in the history of mankind then apart for us like all by the way if you want to uh... if you want me to do the same for you then uh... just go to site and you can sign up for it with the site the page was dead and i was like when the world's well i like hold on a second i walked out to my office like yell my program that get the page up into the ten minutes to the page up some in the weather like stumbling around as they'll take as there's a page if you want to go sign up for it like five five thousand dollars i just go sign up for that and uh... we made a whole bunch of five thousand dollars sales afterwards on the worst sales pitch ever the work because we built up so much reciprocity in belief in trust in this uh... this initial story is very uh... very simple to get people want to pay that and that's kind of why i think this model so great for for most everybody that that that's part of this because most of you guys are going to be like the most amazing sales people in the world if you want to become a salesperson will watch this train k-strain to teach you everything i know about how to sell close people on the webinar k-dots intense uh... teach you trial clothes we teach you uh... the stack which you like all this kind of ninja stuff we do how we how we stripped out the type that the webinar minute by minute and the fall sequences all this stuff if one of the good like i can train you can become good at it but if you are passionate about your topic which i'm guessing you are each of us have some topic or some thing or something that your skilled with if you're passionate about that you just want to teach it all day long and you want to give and share uh... this is a way that you can actually use that and still make a whole bunch of money with it that's exciting for me is that you can make as much about more money without any of the sales skills and the other day your customers will have ten times more and that's really the the big value behind uh... everything that that uh... is happening here for you guys alright so that's kind of happens with the other people camp again about dollars upfront made can't remember how much we are back and we a lot of money in the back and and worked great night if you can't two point oh uh... same thing on our numbers were quite high think we're closer like four hundred person range our drop-off rate is a about ten percent and i didn't sell it on the back of that one i should have but i didn't and that's how i want to win now she has another one we did just recently because it's kind of fun to just see these happening a lot of different niches double your reading dot com so this is what i did for howard burr who's the world's fastest reader and so this is actually video i scripted out i recorded it uh... i kind of did i was a pitchman forum and uh... and so this is the deal in the same thing in the bottom we again with this week through clickbait so there's a one time they pay dollar front and there's ninety seven dollar and this is the basic script how would you like uh... how are would you pay a hundred dollars double reading speed how much uh... more could you learn how much more could you accomplish it work or school if you could double your reading speed on this priceless live online workshop we're gonna get spent four hours with howard burr your world's fastest reader will take you through simple process will double your reading speed sourced step one one you paid all right now to reserve your spots that number two you can rely for our workshop with howard burr similar three in the workshop if you have double your reading just email us at a private email address reveal on the web at our and you want to be a dime outside the initial dollar when you do double your reading just enough to have to let me know what will be a one-time payment just ninety seven dollars that's basically it they opt in here and the next page to take the order form a very simple process we do it's howard as amazing results we're not putting the process to make it automated so we can start promoting evergreen excuse me but uh... that's basically it against it's a pretty simple process and we did this first time was amazing people that are on the web at our and he went through his his uh... speed reading course uh... live with everybody and i think we had two hundred fifty three people registered and at the end of it are are cancellation again was about ten percent and the rest of we got so many going to have some of the people said i can't believe you actually double my reading during this four-hour webinar uh... they were all i think i think a lot of people are skeptical they got on to the one of proven wrong uh... but he was able to deliver on his promise and that was what uh... as exciting as white uh... that's what really this whole thing can hinges off of is is having a big a big promise they can have a cancel i might jump back uh... really quick c kia here goes so these are basically the core things uh... that we need from you guys to be able to make your visible funnel k the first one is some type of uh... result i say it's a result of instant result is the best you can if you can deliver like here's a good guarantee you guys by the end of this of this training program that's the best and so just so you guys get some ideas uh... i think i told you as before we publish in uh... we publish i think twelve different on inches right now so for example where the baby sign language that so we're doing a visible for right now we get on the webinar and during the webinar she teaches them a bunch of the science and he didn't have a lot of our they're guaranteed to know like twenty signs and if they don't make it right back so it's an instant result to get instant gratification to get the same at the end of class and it's very easy to live on it and that's the instant result now you go to keep your kids after the end of this and this uh... submit a her that's closer to ninety minutes long to by the way so there's one of them uh... another industry where where it is a cute body industry where people uh... go out there they could keep on i'm not sure how big that is in australia but here in america it's insane and so uh... we have a coupon girl and what she's doing is a coupon in class as people come on to our class for ninety minutes she's on the teachers how to keep on she's about uh... how to save money had to all these kind of things and when uh... after she does that then at the end of it she gives them all shopping list that will i'm saving least twenty five dollars and we build twenty five dollars the big result from that is that alert skill it's gonna save the tons of money and then they will get back the money that they just spent in free coupons case that's kind of instant result uh... another one is in the dating it should be that this guy i think i told you guys he's uh... uh... an amazingly unattractive person who's a pickup artist any trace people how to pick up uh... how to pick up girls i get girlfriends and so what we're doing him is basically they come in a watch the webinar live on a thursday he takes into a three or four hour long process at the end of the webinar uh... then they go out and that weekend they go to the bar they try to use his skills in time to go get a girl and they are able to pick up a girl one day with her basically we provide a result and then they they'll tell us we get paid if they if they don't they go to the bar they strike out if i can eat it then they let us know and we don't we don't bill case we give them instant result uh... so that's uh... and another good example uh... anyway in all of our markets or in we're doing this when the dog training market same thing you come on the webinar we teach you how to do teach fight oh how to do backflip or whatever you know whatever the training thing is they come on that's a result uh... we're doing our sio business you come on we teach you guys exactly how to do sio in a post-pandat post penguin um... thing and then he's in the whole process and then that we seldom you know if they just want us to do for them k and so again the instant result is is that the big key here you guys what kind of thing do you have case and results in the big right how do we get double reading in four hours is way bigger than you know how to get sad say money a coup on it but it's a result of something tangible they look at and uh... and that's really what what i found drives the scenes the best but that you're a quick you know one thing i talked about with you guys uh... when we're when i was out there in this is a uh... core console one of my big uh... teach about all the time is constantly called a value ladder right and she has members and uh... down here people are paying very little amounts money appear they're paying very big dollar amounts and what happens is as people progress along this value ladder they'll get more value here and they'll pay more money for that value k if you remember i talked about the dentist i came to my teeth my teeth white knee or my teeth cleaning the off of the teeth white knee and braces and all these things in the senate me up this ladder k this is how works in your business k guys uh... think about it uh... always have different different places you're you're trying to take some to write trying to send them up through the two different levels and so your biggest keys figure out what's that thing that you can give someone is going to make them get the value and then want to send up to the next level what's the thing back here you really really really want to sell a person and then what can you do you know what's what's the thing what's the instant result and give them have a good experience you know the best examples of this at a very very simple level uh... if you ever saw it evan pegan he yet you so company called up with your dating and then squeeze page forever and this week's page was so simple said give us a name in your address will teach you the kiss test and the kiss test you think the kiss test is going to be like a video is going to be training you teaching you this big thing or ever but the kiss test all was was when you're dorsal the girl uh... lean in and and put your you know clear hair behind your ear and if she leans into your hand that means she wants you to kiss her if she leaves away means she does there's a kiss test there that's an instant result they just gave someone case simple as tiny as little that result now propels the rest is makes them want to send up to the next thing that's about what kind of what kind of content information what kind of thinking to get people they're gonna have a great result and they're going to want more from it's it's kind of similar to like you look at like the typical webinar model you've got a webinar they they get on the subject content and you saw something and it's kind of something that's up for your release you're really helping them a lot more you're training your teaching you're giving a lot more upfront and then you you're kind of bypassing your jumping from like this rung of the value that are all the way up to here said just jumping you know in between with for example the sql one down here we're trying to show so that we're not freaked out about why sql is not working anymore because of penguin and all stuff so we're gonna insert all show exactly what we're doing now that's working and we're going there and for three four hours will show them every single thing we've ever done and drugged up in the world is here's everything we do ages they're you copy our business go to the taxing we're doing we're holding anything back give everything okay now the reality is most people they're interested in doing this stuff on their own until they find out how much work is actually involved as if i was worse involved next day was like mad who can do this for me if you think about the look all the student for you appear this is right normally try to send people through over three or four months all the future right now you people who really send in short everything else because they want that thing already use you sold them because they've seen what goes into it now they want you to do it that's not as obvious your business or different so he has you don't have it done for you think appear some you guys our bricks and mortar businesses um in some years aren't so it's art uh... uh... you know you you're different you'll fit the same old is like an information market business but stuff still works uh... one of my one of the the guys it runs our local program the guys uh... the guys awesome but he goes in his hometown he helps uh... jeweler and the jeweler is it's kind of interesting what they do their jeweler uh... in town during christmas time i think it's in november they do this at the big event for women it's like all women comes nothing for sale use come in you try on uh... all your favorite jewelry and you get champagne and chocolate and this is big party for women rights after hours in this big exclusive and address up for the awful pretty and all the rich women in town they all come these huge parties the he has it his uh... jewelry store it case we come in these big huge parties and while they're there and you're getting a drunk in giving chocolate making a bill beautiful he has each of these people make a wish list so make a wish list of if you could buy whatever you want to do a jewelry one year make a wish list of the women right out every single i want to hear is all of us necklace all of us know i want this and make a wish list everything they wish they had right so then the women go home and they're not even able to purchase anything uh... what happens is next day after the event he then takes that uh... that list you know all the women that the why is the spouse that you know that all women and he sends out a letter to all the men is a basic letter says uh... guess what we know she wants for christmas i she gave us a list of the top ten things you can have a check of anything the world you want to do it that list is coming in will show you kate smartly she they'll send the list the person that they they keep that kind of behind you know they keep that in the husband's got to come in looks at the list of course that person's gonna buy stuff now for the spouse uh... and they're christmas time to make so much money just use this process as i think about that you know it was that with the traditional business how would you use this kind of a model and i think you could do something similar you could do let's say you're selling jewelry let's just take that example you know directly and pull it over because we're talking about it what if you did not like your class the same kind of thing when we come on the you see this and that they learn about the the jury how it works in the you know i don't like the jury i'm a rebel about my wife's wedding ring we learned about the three seas and about this now we saw sorts of stuff that you have virtual version that show all that stuff and then boom you sell the you know sell the jewelry at the end or get get get the wish list and sent to the spouse of the end uh... but it's just a really cool unique different way you can get people and uh... and bring them through this kind of a funnel uh... so again i'm sure all you guys can you have different businesses if you get stuck in care for your how to how to fit your business mold let me know i can look at that i can use my days because i miss a lot and and uh... and i can uh... you know i can make help you guys with that uh... i believe all you have my personal email address that's on there on this live train so feel free to let me know so here's my business from stuck out houses fit in a model i guess my days and kind of tweaks and things around alright so back here so first is the result and talk about that's what we believe what immediate value can you provide someone the second key then is what's your magic bullet uh... begin the magic bullet is what kind of results to people get people today is funny i was actually uh... one of my friends uh... so you know that basic so he he's launching this new seminar and he fell cells that are in the back of the a little group that uh... a bunch of markers share feedback back and forth he sent out links to the to sales letters and look at some of those letter what do you think about it and looked at it and i'm kind of picky like i i i i copy different the most people and i'm very opinion what the right way versus the wrong way he was doing things technically correctly have a good headline in intro and bullet points and all that all the elements for sales letter for me like a good sales letter all this is two things and really blows out these two things to get to things right everything else was just work first news a really really good story and second he needs a magical what's the the reason why somebody would invest in the same you can put in bonuses all other jobs like that's that's all good you know copyright teachers and i guess it's good but the one thing that sells the drives the entire thing is what is that magic what's that one thing i see them like boom that's i need that because i need this i'm not sure when you guys purchase this for me there's a magic what you have that there's something in there that there was the magic for you that's funny and uh... i'm very competitive person when i was australia john my buddy was with me you know so he sold he cleaned up he he sold like three times what i what i saw he did he did that i was proud of uh... but he had amazing magic for he always bonuses are things which are good they'll close the people but the reason why people were running the table you know twenty minutes before you told people the prices because you had a magic but he was going to resolve this big use issue for you guys literally overnight and that magic was what we want they want a huge home study course cities dvds all kinds of john is not for that what is offering is basically look altering your filipino for you to do the work you want to do but that's a sexy magic bullets over your business what's that magic what's that what's the thing you can give a and that that's kind of come back here to show you that's the stop of the value out of anything like what is your magic but what's the thing back here that you've got that's gonna just bypass everything else and just boom that person's like i need it you know i right if the boot camp i trained for four hours on how to set up a gold sequence okay i should have a show i i would have bought domain i set the hosting and i bottle logo i i did i did i do all pieces live every weather say so everything went into it so you can take that you can go do it and then the address look this seems overwhelming to you guys and you want me to do it for you it's five grand and boom people the order start flooding in because that was a magical ice one you do it for me case for my business it's usually done for you that that's like the the magic bullet traditionally in my world what is that bullet year in your business your industry i'm sure you know what it is uh... if you've been selling yourself in any amount of time you got a what is that that thing came in your head uh... trade show or seminar or you meet someone on the street you tell them what you do what's that thing every time you tell to the rise light up they're like boom i want that i'm i'm part of that and so that's your magic born everyone that's a make your your big money usually back here again you can make money so yeah during the the front end of your visit follow-up you make money the big money comes when people are buying uh... by your back in products i'm sure it seems to be for the weeks to illustrate i wish called uh... uh... funnel so i call the funnel i'm pretty sure so you have all these people coming here right and appear this is like this is like your free stuff right see almost you coming in to your free whatever it is then you got your paid stuff so smite your your visible for the pain zero dollars and goes ninety seven dollars and she's a lot of people in front door but smaller than people came in the the free thing right you know down here you can come down here down here this is like your your magic bolt this is like that the big money type thing and so we do from from the visible for the report were skipping going from here to here going from a zero dollar or ninety seven dollar buyer directly up to this what was our our big price point in all you have is going to be different uh... we're in the uh... pornography addiction business as well we have a therapist works for us that he helps people with our fictions helps them overcome those actions you have a friend products like nice and dollars and now we're in the process of building visible funnel uh... and it's going to selling uh... high and like three to five thousand dollar one one sessions with him or i could buy a thousand are think where you and your wife come out of two minutes of the wife come out and they do like marriage counseling for for weekend uh... pornography addiction counseling that's the magic of his industries people want they they want the one on one interaction that's the magical and for him okay so every business is going to different use that people what's the magic bolt your business what's the thing that you can get somebody takes away all their pain case you take away all some of these pain uh... that's when you'll start making money very very quickly and actually that the big key the whole the whole game here so the magic books again first step one is the result to choose your magic bullet number three now is how do we close these people uh... because it's it's interesting my first got into the whole seminar business and started learning everything i would learn how a lot of people close sales and saw so many different styles and some of more scary i would never a million years to do some of the stuff they did and i would like that really good so i kind of myself i found one very comfortable with that i just that i can do it feels like me and i don't get nervous uh... and so like for example there there's one guy i saw he's holding his presentation does this whole value add and everything in the end of it is like we're watching my product for free it was a free it's everyone stand up the lines he walks over to the back table it is one on top of the tables that you are for free come over here and i think it for free in the whole summer crowd around this table he says it's not for free you come right phillips you sell to a lot of you for free and which i thought was kind of lame but he got everyone around the table he sold a ton of them to people are you there and that that's that they get some other seats walk over table with the internet i see other ones were again is what takes a lot of uh... got to people do i uh... midway close the middle of presentation with a friend who's interested he will stand up and they have them go to his outside seven going to hold a room they finished a presentation they walk in the room there in that room a close people one at a time is close mall and that one against years and shares me that i would never be a dearly at one i saw people doing it have a great success with it so different ways to close uh... an invisible funnel share the yes or because uh... all the other people different and you get a free out what what's the most comfortable for you and i was going to be based on price point to it's howard berg we're selling i think we saw that five hundred or three benefits so i want to look for the review that we saw it so we just push people directly to the product they pay the money you pay to the defense was put into order for and that's kind of the most simple basic easy way uh... the higher the higher dollar your price point is more difficult is the set of just in order for that makes sense gay uh... and so uh... that's that's really that the big key here is that is that the higher ticket is the more kind of interaction you have kwee sold things uh... ten thousand dollar uh... to the cost of a short five thousand are coaching up to ten thousand if there's a twenty thousand thirty thousand fifty thousand in the more expensive each of these kids the more interaction you have to have a somebody and so uh... so much as a couple models of working really good right now on the testing out and i'm going to pros and cons of those and you can decide on your own uh... you know which ones you actually want to focus on so the first one is pushing directly to order page with a pay and gave over second one now is uh... you push them to to basically just application form state by find out why they should that why they should work for you work with you uh... if i can find example actually have one hope that the members passed always get it wrong markman can be three tries and i don't know i'll give up you try pressure fingers cable lost right well last rise magic so we'll always will surveys but this is one we did recently see this is our form look like uh... so that it they basically applied they want us to go list for them say it's their name the email she first and last night email phone number your skype using to really interview the skype one work them close what they're interested in buying now we do this this first time we know what people are going to want the new version kind of where people wanted to pay but we think that is for thousand up or four hundred dollars five dollars up to two thousand we actually people with the people by over ten thousand dollars leads from this this package uh... so that option we wanted by and then uh... that was it says kind of occasion form now i use a program is really cool for instant for pro six hundred bucks this is awesome for creating forms really fast fly uh... he's a hundred bucks he's in school for forms though i love this program it's one like i use forever testimony it's not a patient be that love this thing a hundred bucks you are really like look we pray ninety forms last couple years of the airtight application for my bust size it make it super fast after have it's really cool like awkward for you to see how it works she try to form the short-grabbing i want so that their first name what their address their pride like you can put all these things here to build the form for you it's a done the click a button is done and he's a email me that we fell for me out to me or to save it in a database where you want that's why my forms is really simple needs uh... so they got that's the first uh... the first ways to have a form and you form any color personal phone as you say well if i call someone who had no idea to say to him so good news back in some figure shortcut he's come back to uh... the call center ones i gave you guys see if i can find it again real quick there so this trip right here the very first one this one is the perfect script for somebody after they thought of form you go and and your cells process on here this is kind of it's very simple to pay to trip that's the prayer made in the box very first trip we were followed so that's the piece after free against it's on the taxes the seven eight figure cell scripts but they're going to get that script that's what i would do that's possible uh... if you can have some go through it and and actually apply apply to the phone you go through uh... process now one thing is nice about application process uh... and i'm sure malice i use this uh... i learned originally from bill blazer but it's called a takeaway cell what's nice about the takeaway cell is you can get people actually sell you on why they should take why they should uh... give you their money he said that this application market work everyone uh... limited times house can work uh... all you have to do is first for me off also work with you and let people sell themselves why should work with you i still remember uh... was so i did this is probably i have no personal seminars in years i used to do and i five years ago i see a bunch of these these seminars i thought they really fun they got burned out of them similar to one of the maledict and in australia we don't people in the room you speak you sell and i this is actually the very last seminar ever did and we did the very end uh... and this is where i made the bulk of our money the very center i said look i'm gonna be driving back or flying back home tomorrow and i want to work with some of the business partners if you're just all you just thought it's for right here and let me know every you know tell your business why we should be business partners and i can explain everything that and i people ready to s a's about why should work with them and we call those cut those people up and we sold them uh... uh... a package for twenty thousand dollars we sold the first day between thousand dollars in sales after that event and we did more way more after that we just kill it because because uh... at the end of that we have application we only work with us with certain people and they knew that and then it's tells why that we wanted to uh... work with them so we call on the phone it wasn't even sales process all those people just said it did you pick me up a sweet is my credit card k so works very very effectively in fact uh... at the last info some of the spoke at uh... bill had to do the exact thing there i went to people to survey uh... they thought this form handed in and we called people phone we sold them uh... high coaching and it did amazing okay so that's that's one model works very very good and the second one this is one if if you're just getting started on a tender traffic it do this one this is you know or one of these two but i think a lot of traffic and you start making more money and you get a point like you don't want to talk to all these people you want higher staff this is where transition over to this type of of of a two-step where you have to pay for the application they pay for the application they are full of you and then you sell them uh... the next thing that makes sense and so uh... for example this is with for it what frankernan's doing right now really successfully his business he takes people to webinar the enemy sends them to uh... to a page they pay a thousand dollars to apply to talk to him so pay one thousand dollars and they get some for them talks for five minutes he closes them and then he bills them an additional nine thousand dollars so ten thousand package they pay a thousand dollars to apply for it because on the phone and only works with those who he wants to actually work with this way he only talks to people who are actually willing to pay a thousand dollars up front so we talk into serious people who are tired acres appear your talks to the record cases that the name of the game we're down here you only talk to you were a plane so this is really nice to get there uh... begin there's a barrier here so i wouldn't do this until the numbers here so high that you just you know you don't you don't want to do it anymore you you need that way to figure out that's slow down there's another business does this really well it's called carbon copy pro in the market industry and they're interesting their front and product is just and they people are buying uh... an application where they basically apply it's really interesting actually they apply uh... to to to be interviewed on the phone to be sold the next product and their clothes rates were like forty percent on the phone is still like astounding to me how the whole thing works but is a forty percent close and the phones but our customers were paying forty dollars to apply to spy the next thing in so of course is very easy sell that point and so that's kind of our son of application especially a paid application model uh... is very interesting to me because uh... it makes the client on the on the second half of that very easy to uh... to get a sign for your programs so these are the ways we close the cells again all these nice because they're very their an obtrusive the person is coming in contacting you date they're there for you know the person you you know that people who you want to repeat were awesome people can work with you know you can have a secretary this phone calls as well as it's not a difficult sales process just see if you have to look at the script it's pretty simple pretty easy to use uh... business pretty powerful the application form is is uh... the third step in this process and then again guys last piece of this is just some targeted traffic and uh... you don't need to talk traffic that's what is makes me laugh people get this business like any dot hundred thousand visitors month i can be rich but you don't need that much uh... i've seen people who can get away with a thousand visitors a month in a million dollars a year uh... it's only just a little targeted traffic and this is going to be a big part of the the program i work for you guys were gonna be folks in the first two or three weeks building out each of your funnels giggle sings in place and last rest it come back to start turning on this traffic and every industry to be different uh... but there's definitely a uh... path the we take people through a shorting drive traffic there things we do that are very very simple i mean costs will not some money that things we do that uh... or very simple and free which is good sometime that's not as bad but it's free all it's like really complicated things are expensive really complicated things are free and so we take us to a higher take this is the simplest way to get traffic this let's do that this week first the ever doing that next week a here's the next piece is try that but i'm not going to go on the like a hundred ways to traffic and focus on probably three of the core ones that uh... will be as the biggest results the fastest and then we will get the the process working the biggest thing on this you guys is uh... when we build this was for building a visual funnel right see here's here's the process our goals get point where we're putting a dollar advertising in and out the back pops out two dollars right that's the whole goal by the value all the long it's a warrior folks are is building out that this process so in the first two to three weeks to be building out uh... the actual visible funnel in your webinar all types of things right second step in the process that is building out uh... follow-up sequence to help convert more of these people watch the right to money that's the biggest this is kind of like the magic box right we build this thing right here and if they're not so it will be now start driving some traffic and see what happens dress in traffic and start pushing some stuff through not a lot maybe a hundred dollars between dollars to try to stop here we see what happens and see if we can get that too you know get us to break your make a profit was not break even yet will tweak some stuff will change some stuff and keep working in and test more traffic eventually it'll work k uh... i have a friend who's who does on uh... radio traffic is really interesting uh... he was interviewing to see if we could do us a radio ads for our products and he's actually taking two companies over a billion dollars in sales i think travel lost he was company took over a billion dollars sales and i can't really other one the both of them were basically uh... did a hundred percent to radio they said he said this is the way the process works he's like we're gonna write your ad we're gonna set the process for the we're not test radio station were test another one retest and is that we're testing to get to work in says will happen eventually those of it one day you're gonna phone call for me so that phone call will change your life tonight right we are still phone the first thing i'm telling you i'm gonna tell you is your rich dot because of my stomach is a bit because you got the numbers to work now numbers work we can wrap this thing up infinitely infinite amount of money and that's how this business works to i was so many will get their business a third out there that i start to make money to give up k that's how i'm gonna i'm not going to get off the hook that easy uh... there their core things we need to eat this and change it and get working the point where we get where the money put in is money get back out and that's what we focus on during uh... the six week coaching program so i think i've taken most of my one take the eyes of today i want to kind of get recap what the goals are what the plans are the answer you were uh... ready in january when when we uh... we get things off off the ground running uh... begin we started january i'm taking us through uh... at least six weeks uh... i'd typically on these kind of programs go longer sick excited and i want to do or follow once by guarantee that the least six weeks six weeks to be taken you through uh... six core steps in this process uh... of kind of crafting your story i gave the webinar built out the whole tech this is like the actual you were part of your trainings your story your training we're going to build it out in the automated webinar software and the recording for you like all these pieces but but i mean to end this the eyes they did it by week four so i'm not into will have all the pieces done will then build your funnel that's done k before you get into driving traffic on make sure that your funnels are done that's the biggest thing i hate training programs when they're like okay we're still working at everything but let's talk about traffic now like you're not ready at this wait till so everything's done so by the week four i believe uh... your funnels we've done so your visible funnel should be done if you follow up in your play along and you do everything here that i tell you those funds we built finished and then uh... week five and six will start focusing on driving traffic in traffic in here again will spend least two weeks like on that maybe week seven just folks of three different things and then we'll talk about coming back here i can't wait to see this in converting better will calculate by year that's the game plan right now uh... and i'm really excited for you guys uh... this is a process you guys in love uh... and when it's over uh... you will have some asset that will make you money for the rest of your life that's really uh... my core goal this thing i didn't want to create this program or any program just to teach you guys and stuff and use how to use i want to trace program to give you guys so what when you finish you got a tangible asset that's working it's finished that's step number one and then step number two is after you attend last now making something it's a living breathing thing that's in a drive traffic and make you money the rest of your life uh... i can tell you someone who has two automated webinars that are crushing it uh... it's a great feeling world every single day three times a day every time zone world my automated webinars happening and i'm not in those countries can with the i'm on right now with you guys hanging out and that web at our sapping somewhere closing people right now and it's a great thing world that's what you guys are building out automated and that way you can sit back and really have left our talking about k convex later one that was the goal or create the ultimate lifestyle business six weeks or less that's my goal this and it's it's doable it's not difficult we were able to build howard works out uh... very rapidly and having great success right now i would like version first now to the work we can make the automated version and will be safe if you guys is gonna be annex uh... an awesome experience i appreciate as again i trust me as a coaches mentor uh... i'm gonna give my heart so this uh... uh... during this program and i said you guys are gonna love it uh... if you have questions long way uh... everyone's on live training now has my personal email address email me uh... by the back you guys are really recommend uh... to start brainstorming these things figure out the answers these four questions now here before before we start the life-training what kind of results you have what kind of magic bullet you have uh... how do you application form and some traffic most of the ones the two of our most important out what is the result you have what kind of magic bullet and then i would recommend going through the straight u s one so much about sales and webinars of a going through this uh... there's there's enough content to be busy from now till so past christmas don't go to everything with find one of the same interesting intriguing you and say those things and learn them you can implement those things into the webinar and help it'll help shortcut you and we uh... get that separate process so you can fight the same people to ask that which i do you know in january we start is the same sphere is the result figure magic bullet co-op training and uh... and then show prepared ready to work is we're gonna have a lot of fun again appreciate you guys jump it on tonight for me in this morning for you guys i hope you have a fantastic day uh... i'm gonna hold my kids is there that are seven tonight actually say they turn seven to go home uh... have a uh... for birthday party with them and uh... and look for course corresponds to me over the next day a couple days and i said in january will start hard heavy uh... go to training in building out your as visible panels they skin for everything and how did they guys