This stage is a little bit shorter than I'm used to. I keep thinking I'm going to step off and be like, God. So if I do, you guys need to laugh out of pity and not feel bad for me. OK. Really quick, guys, if you look in your little packet, did everyone get this page right here? It's in your little packet? No one did? Oh, you don't get this page. You don't know what it is. Oh, you got one. Yeah, no? Maybe you guys didn't get this page. OK, so really quick, I wanted to introduce you guys. We have a bunch of really special, important people who are here at this event this weekend. I want to introduce you to them because they're going to be here to really help you be successful. The last event we did was a couple of months ago. And we had the two people who were out and introduced come to our event. And the feedback we got from them was amazing. What they do is they're actually going to be spending time with you guys one on one. So if you get with a sticking point, or you get stuck, or whatever the problem might be, they can actually help work through those things with you one on one outside of the seminar situation. Sometimes seminars are tough because there's 100 people versus one. It's hard to get questions answered. So they're actually going to be going to set up lunches and dinners with you guys, sit down and talk you through any questions, and make sure everything works. So I want to introduce them. There's two of our coaches here I want to introduce you to. The first one is Renee. And I'm going to have Renee come up here in a minute. Renee, she does coaching for some of the biggest names. She actually personally speaks five different languages. She's got companies and a whole bunch of different continents. She's coaching for Tony Robbins, for a bunch of other people. She's an amazing person. I want to bring it up. Everyone, let's give her a round of applause. OK. Renee, do yourself a little bit and let me know exactly who you are. Sure. Good morning, guys. I'm sure the first question you guys are going to ask me is, where is this accent from? All right, let me tell you up front. I was born in Holland, grew up in South Africa, and I'm living here. So I'm one of those people that has three passports, one of very few. So that makes you think, hmm, she probably likes to travel, right? Yeah, and you're right. Currently, I coach people on six continents. What I do is I help you grow your business. It doesn't matter what you do and what kind of business you're in. I help you to grow that business. How do I do that? I always look at mindset, because that is where many of our stumble blocks are. So I'm going to help you to go through that little glass ceiling that you have to make the next figure. And that is why Russell and Dave and Dustin brought us in today, because that is one of the things that I love to do. I love to watch where you are and how can we get you forward? I'm really, really good in helping you create new ideas, because I'm a real good idea person. And I'm really looking forward to working with you guys. Personally, I have three businesses. One of the businesses that I personally own is a closing business. Russell was talking about that. And so I'm a really good closer. And if you guys need any questions about that, I'm absolutely here for you. And I'm really looking forward to having some lunches and dinners with you. I'm going to give a round of applause. OK. And our next special coach here, his name is Dan. He's going to call it up. He's actually a coach of over 17,500 people from around the world. An amazing business person who's going to help you guys out a ton as well. So I'm going to give him a round of applause. Thank you very much. And welcome to being here with the rest of the next couple of days. You're going to learn quite a bit of, learn a lot of information that will take you to the next level. And just like Renee talked about, this is why I'm here. There are some blocks in which you have. And we need to look to get you past those to the next level and increase your business while you're here. I just sat down with a gentleman that's in the front row, Steven. And we actually just mastermind in what, five minutes. And he now knows what he needs to do to take him to the next level. So we're looking forward to sitting down and having some meals with you this week. We have some sign ups in the back. And we want to be able to sit down and just take you to the next level. So welcome and enjoy the next few days. Awesome. Thank you. Thank you. Cool. A really quick, before I introduce the next speaker, I want to tell you kind of a really quick story before I introduce him. Five years ago, I went to an event five or six years ago. It was Armand Moran's big seminar. Who's ever been to Armand's big seminar? He used to do. So I met this event. And that nighttime, there's the hypnosis show. And I'm one of those guys that's just like, I got to be part of everything. I got to be like the guy in the middle of all the action. So the astral volunteer, so I'm like running up there. Like, I've never been hypnotized. I wanted to go through the process. I'm running up there. I get up on stage. And they do the whole hypnosis show. And during part of the show, he actually turned me into an alien. So I get up on stage and I'm an alien. I'm talking. And there's a translator. And there's all this stuff. And it's just really funny skin. And anyway, I was talking to Martian. And it was kind of a fun thing. And so now fast forward, then five or six years later, I learned about Dustin and Dave. And I told you guys my story with them. So I flew out to their offices. And I get there. And I meet Dave. I meet AJ. I meet Dustin. And looking at Dustin, I'm like, so familiar. I'm like, somehow I know him. I'm like, how I know him? Like, you see me meet him. You see his face. A guy I'm like, how do I know his face? I couldn't remember how I know him. And we're just talking and stuff. We spent the whole power day there. And I flew back home and started launching our webinars, made a bunch of money with it. And I was kind of in the process. And then we did this company little get together party. And someone had found the DVD of me when I got hypnotized on stage. So of course, they all want to watch me get hypnotized on stage. We're watching this thing on this huge, big screen TV. We're all watching this thing. And all of a sudden, I come up and I get hypnotized. I'm getting hypnotized. And I'm a Martian. I come up stage. And all of a sudden, my translator walks out. And guess who my translator was? It was Dustin. And he comes out and he translates my Martian. And I was laughing so hard. I'm like, that's how I know him. So I'm texting him. Like, dude, I was the guy that got hypnotized. I was his Martian. You were the, and it was the funniest thing in the world. So we actually have a clip of that if you guys want to watch. And I'm shook. We didn't bring the clip. So that's how I met Dustin originally. Dustin is an amazing marketer. He'll probably talk a little about himself as well. But I think in the last, he's helped orchestrate and facilitate behind the scenes 10 big product launches. He's 10 for 10. All 10 of those product launches made over a million dollars. He's one of the best marketers, a really neat guy, great teacher, and a friend. We're really excited to have him here. So everyone, let's put our hands together for Dustin Matthews. Thank you, amen. How's it going? You can bring the lights up. So I got a question for everyone. How are you guys doing so far? Doing awesome? How's your energy level? Come on. I got a question for you. It's going to set the foundation for the whole week that we're here together. Who here? I want to see a show of hands. Who here wants to be a rock star? Let me see your show of hands. You want to be a rock star. That's it? Come on. When you were growing up deep down inside, didn't you want the spotlight? Didn't you want the fame? You want that credibility? Let me see your show of hands now. If you wanted to be a rock star. Come on, be proud, be honest. Now, I still see that's about half the room. What if I asked you this question? Who here would want to be a rock star if it made you seven figures? Let me see your show of hands. Absolutely. Absolutely. Well, you guys are in right company, because today what I'm going to share with you is how to be a rock star for those of you that like that limelight, and you like being on stage, and you like being famous, and that sort of thing. And for the rest of you that are just all about the money, this what I'm about to share with you right here. This is my presentation right here. What I'm about to share with you is going to help you get to your seven figures a lot quicker. Anyone interested in seeing what I have prepared for you? Come on, guys. Can we have some fun this week? Absolutely. I need a little love, right? I'm a rock star, all right? All right, guys. So I've got a lot of great goodies. I've got some bonuses for you, and I've got a lot of great content. So let me put this up on the screen just to test it. Let me make sure you guys can see that. All right, so here it is. I'm going to take you on a journey today. Are you OK with going on a journey? You guys, you want to have some fun this week? Absolutely. You know we're going to deliver some kick butt content, but can we have some fun too? Absolutely. That's what we're going to do. All right, so I'm going to take you on this journey from obscurity to CD bars and nothingness, because I realize there might be some folks in the room that are just getting started. And I know there are some people in this room that are veterans. So whether you're just getting started or you're a veteran, you're going to get a lot out of this presentation. Because I'm going to show you exactly how I went from obscurity, CD bars, and nothingness to rocking the largest stages in the world, changing lives, and making money, hand over fist. Anyone interested in knowing? Come on, guys. I need a little love. It's the morning of the first day. All right, so let's rock and roll. I want to share with you a little bit. This is Dave and I. You'll hear from Dave here. Wow, that comes out real well, huh? You'll get to see Dave live here tomorrow or later today. But I want to share with you, because it's important, it's instructive, when you're first getting started, you get all these ideas, right? You get excited, you go to a seminar. And some of these ideas, you have to decide what you're going to take action on, right? And some of them we don't take action on. Can you agree? Like, some ideas are good, but we just don't take action on, right? And others are awesome, and we take action on them, all right? Well, Dave and I had an idea, and it was to start this company called the Seven Figure Speaking Empire. And it started right here. My biggest thing is I see folks on stage, and sometimes you actually see them as a rock star. It's like, oh, wow, that guy on stage or that gal on stage. They were born and given the internet marketing spoon, right? Or they were given all the skills. But I'm just here to show you that this idea started two years ago on our, this is in Tampa, Florida. This is at our condo complex where we live. We're sitting on the dock, and we're saying, hey, Dave, you're an awesome speaker. You've done over 3,000 presentations. I'm doing these product launches. Let's get together, and let's do an event. And so Dave asked the question, I like it. And he asked, when do you want to do this event? And me being the quick start personality as you'll find out here in a couple moments, I said, let's do it in 30 days. And he's like, Dustin, 30 days. And I said, well, let's do it. And he said, all right, I'm in. And so from that, we started the Seven Figure Speaking Empire, as you see some of the banners here. And within a year and a half time, we were out rocking the largest stage in the world. Who here in the room has heard of the get motivated Peter Lowe success seminars? Let me see your show of hands. For those that haven't, these are those seminars in big, large stadiums. You know what I'm talking about? Where General Colin Powell comes in, and former presidents come in, and sports stars like Joe Montana, they came in. And within two years, if you had asked me when we were sitting back on that dock, would we be there? I wouldn't have even thought possible, right? I wouldn't even thought possible. But I'm going to share with you exactly how we did that process. Anyone interested to know how we went from nothingness to rocking the largest stage in the world? Absolutely. There it is. All right. All right, guys. I got it right here for you. And if you're taking notes, you definitely want to write this down. I've created the Rockstar code. And we're going to go through these step by step. So Rockstar code number one, how many of you realize that celebrities in Rockstars make the most money in the entertainment industry? Let me see your show of hands. Absolutely. But I want you to think about this. Apply celebrity in Rockstar in your niche, whatever field that you're in. And I don't care if you're a brick and mortar business, if you're an info marketer, if you're an internet marketer. But whatever field that you're in, if you can position yourself as a celebrity or a Rockstar in that niche, you'll make more money. How many of you understand that? I'm going to show you a little bit more about that. So realize that your goal is to become a Rockstar. Now, for some of you that are saying, I'm not that ego person, think of Rockstar as credibility. Your goal is to build your credibility up so much that you get paid the most amount of money. Now, let me ask you this question. Dr. Phil, guys on TV and whether or not you trust him as your physician or as your therapist or whatever, do you think he could charge a lot more than the person that's in Tampa, Florida, charging the same fee? Do you think so, guys? Why? Celebrity is on TV, right? So it's not about how good the product is. And then that's the biggest thing. I've worked with a lot of info marketers and business owners. And it's so funny, Dave will tell you this, folks come into our office and they say, I got the best product in the world. And it's almost like I want to be like this. And it's not because I don't care about the product. I inherently believe that each and every one of us does our best to create the best product possible. I believe that we do that. But it's not about how good the product is. It's about the marketing and sales. How many of you get that? Awesome. So our goal, I want you to create awesome kick butt products. But our goal is to build that credibility. And that's what I'm going to take you through today. All right, Rockstar code number two. Rockstars invent and own the media. When I say something like that, Rockstar code number two, what female celebrity TV personality that started off on radio comes to mind? Oprah, Chicago. Oprah, right? She owns the media TV show. It started off on radio. She has a magazine. And she's got probably a lot more media. So your goal, and I'm going to take you through this, is how can you invent and own your own media so that you can get paid the most amount of money? Rockstar code number three. Surprise your fans and they'll buy more stuff. Surprise your fans and they'll buy more stuff. And if you're really looking into that, that's about over-delivering. If you over-deliver and treat your customers right, they're going to buy and buy from you again. How many of you like this so far? Let me see your show of hands. Who wants more? Who wants more? Come on, guys. You want some more? All right, I got three more for you. The Rockstar code number will dive down. I'll give you some real life examples. You guys want to see some real life examples? All right. All right, Rockstar code number four. Actually, before we do, I want to share something with you that I didn't. We create stages and perform on them daily. Listen, if you're a business owner, this is the code that you live by. This is the mantra that you live by. You create your stage, your platform. You go out into public and people see you. They're judging you. They're deciding if they want to do business with you. So whatever business you're in, you create that stage and you perform on them daily. You've all seen the crazy billionaire son that went out and got drunk and pictures on Facebook and all in the media. Is that a good or bad thing, image-wise? That's a bad thing. It's a not congruent thing with the billionaire, that guy's company, or that image. And so he put himself out into the spotlight. He's performing. And even though it's not him, it's his son. That's representative of him. So I want you to keep that in mind that we create stages daily and we perform on them. All right, so let's get into number four. The key to any business whatsoever. And actually, let me just take a poll. How many of you are info marketers? Let me see your show of hands real quick. Put them down. How many of you are business owners? Bricks and sticks, mortar, that sort of thing. How many of you are just kind of straight up internet marketers? Maybe you just sell products online, like CDs or something. Excellent. Well, the one code that you're going to want to look at in depth is ascension is life. Guys, welcome to the moving business. Our goal is to get someone from where they are to where they want to be. That's the number one goal. People come to us to make more money, to get better health, to learn a particular skill. And so that's one aspect of it. But we're in the moving business. They come to us and they buy a CD. Our goal is to get them to buy a coaching program or a mastermind program. How many of you in the room right now are interested in selling some high ticket coaching programs and masterminds? Let me see your show of hands. Wow, excellent. OK, great. You guys are in for a treat. How many of you are more in it for the automation and just creating a funnel online and you just push traffic and it makes money and you don't really do anything? Let me see your show of hands. Oh, wait a minute. It's the same people. OK, all right. I'll show you both. I'll show you both. All right, Rockstar code number five. Know your fans. Now, you've all seen the crazy Rockstar that trashes the hotel and he gets pissed off and treats his fans like crap. He walks up on stage and says, welcome. Or it's great to be here in Phoenix. And it's like, oh, I'm in Orlando. So knowing your fans and caring about your fans will make you more money. We'll dive down into what that means. And then our last Rockstar code number six kind of goes with number three, but I'll differentiate for you, is you have to always have an on-car and you'll have to over deliver. Does that make sense? You guys getting this? You want more? Just making sure. Can I get a little love? Yeah. All right. All right. So let's get into Rockstar code number one. Celebrities make the most money, but what does that mean to you? I'm not a celebrity you might be thinking, right? Well, let's talk about celebrityizing yourself. I'm going to make you a celebrity. Would that be OK with you? Is that OK if I give some strategy to show you how to get more credibility and be a Rockstar? All right. So celebrityize yourself and keep in mind, it's not about ego for me. I'm not an ego for you. I'm not an ego type guy. I just like to have fun up here. I'm more interested in what I'm presenting to you for you guys to know. It's about making yourself bigger than you really are. If you're just getting started, or even if you've been in business for quite some time, you want to make yourself bigger than you really are. And I'm not talking about lying. I'm talking about doing things that make people judge you and let their own minds go to work and let them interpret that you're bigger than you really are. So here's what I mean. First, I want to give you a quote. How many of you understand that doors open faster when you walk in with someone famous? Let me see your show of hands. Absolutely. Absolutely. So with that in mind, I want to show you some strategies for doing that, for celebrityizing yourself and making yourself bigger than where you really are. So the first thing that you want to understand is celebrities are everywhere. And you've seen the rise and fall in the media if you watch the news. Celebrities, you'll see like they're in this movie. They're on this talk show. You saw them in National Enquirer. You saw them on all sorts of places. So the question you should be asking yourself for your niche or your field is, how can I be in more places? And I was talking with Dave about this for our speaking empire. I'm very transparent, guys. I'm a marketer, right? I'm one of you. I was talking with Dave about this, about how to grow a speaking empire. And I said, how can we be in every place that our marketplace is, speakers, info marketers, people that do webinars, business owners? And I said, well, we can do booths. We can do trade shows. We can advertise in the correct magazines. We can do seminars and live events. And then Dave was saying, well, gosh, if we're out traveling and doing all these things, we don't have time with our family. And so that was a key takeaway for me because you don't necessarily have to be the person out, but somebody from your company needs to be out there. Does that make sense? A spokesperson, right? You see this in the media a lot. You see spokespeople. So you want to be everywhere that you can. So you want to be online, social media. You want to be in the print advertisements that you can be. You want to be there different ways. So seminars is one way. Like this is a way for us to market ourselves. This is a seminar. You want to be in print. You want to be online. So you want to be in different ways. And then you want to be there consistently, as much as possible. And you've got to be a relentless self-promoter. And I know for some of the folks that that's kind of a tough thing. I want you to think Donald Trump. Think Donald Trump of Bob Dole. Bob Dole is talking to the third person. Bob Dole likes this and Bob Dole likes that. You've got to be that promoter. Now, again, I'm not the eagle guy and says Dustin Matthews is the best marketer in the world. But what I do is I get someone else, like Russell, to say Dustin says awesome guy. I had Russell introduce me. That's a tactic. That's a strategy. Russell introduced me and said all those things about me. And now when I'm that guy, now you guys believe that I'm the best internet market in the world. I've done 10 product launches and all that. So again, if you're not that person to say I'm the most badass internet marketer or whatever your profession is, get someone else to say it for you. So relentless self-promotion. So building the brand. Let's talk about credibility real quick. One of the things that I'm going to do right here is how many of you know this guy right here? Let me see your show of hands. A couple people, right? Probably not my best example. This is Kevin Harrington. Let me ask you this. How many of you have seen the show Shark Tank? OK, now you guys know, right? Now, I'm shaking his hand. I'm in this picture. I didn't say anything. I didn't say Kevin Harrington is my best friend in the world and we do deals together, right? I just dropped it on the projector here. You saw it. You saw me associating. You knew once I told you who Kevin was, then you started formulating things in your head. Like, wow, this Dustin guy must be something special, right? Let's do this again. How many of you know this guy? Rudy Giuliani, right? This is when we were speaking at Get Motivated. This is backstage, right? I didn't say anything. I just have these pictures. So the question for you is who is famous in your, and it doesn't have to be Giuliani, but who is famous in your niche? Who does everyone know in your niche and can you go get pictures with them? You know, when I first got started before I kind of was behind the scenes before I became in front of the scenes, what I would do is I would go to seminars and I would get pictures with guys like Russell. I would get pictures of internet marketers and I would just save them in my library, all right? Now, if you guys want a ninja strategy, you want to take that to the next level? No? OK. I'm going to have to make you guys do it. We're going to put some music on. We're going to have to rock out and get you going. Take the picture with the famous person, put it in a frame, and send it to them. Because let me ask you this question. If you got a framed picture in the mail, are you really likely to throw that away? No, I mean some people will, like they got so much clutter. But the power of the frame, and I've used that strategy, in fact, I did it with a guru in the real estate industry, his name is Lou Brown. When I was first getting started, I sent him a picture and I forgot I had done that in the frame. And I saw him like two years later at another event. And he came up to me, he had this weird look in his eyes, and he said, you look at me every day. And I was like, what? I was totally caught off guard. I wasn't coherent. And he said, you look at me every day. I'm like, what are you talking about? He's like, the picture. And I'm still like, what are you talking about? And he's like, the picture you sent me. I'm like, oh! And he told me that he put it on his bookcase where there was his books and stuff. And he put the frame up there. And so I look at him every day via his bookcase over his desk. So the real takeaway is who can you take pictures with? This is Ted Thomas, a direct mail expert. And these folks might not mean anything to you, but in my niche, if I'm going after direct mail gurus, if I'm going after internet marketers, I'm going to pull the pictures of the people that they know and use that. How many of you are starting to understand this? Let me see your show of hands. This is the power of association. One of our clients, Davon Michaels, we wrote his presentation and we told him to put association into his presentation. Show the Rockstar lifestyle. Now, Davon's more of that Rockstar. He used to work behind the scenes at MTV and run some of the largest raves in the world. And so he's got some really incredible pictures. We said, put that in there. People love that. And they start to associate you with those folks. So again, who are the people in your niche that are famous that you can steal their credibility, steal or borrow? Another effective strategy for those of you that do live events is use of names. Now, what's the first thing you did when I put the names up there? How many of you started looking to see if your name was up there? Come on. Yeah, you started. My name on that list, right? So this is a very powerful strategy. If your name's not on the list, you might notice, oh, wow. Oh, wow, there's Fred Katona. I know Fred, right? And then if Fred's going to be there, well, crap, I need to be there, right? So this is another strategy that you can use to associate yourself with famous people. You guys like that one? Absolutely. Here's another one we did. Again, these are our clients. We just listed out their names. And so I'm not saying anything. I'm just using names. I'm just dropping them there. And you all, the marketplace, is deciding what you're going to do with that in your head, OK? So association. So pictures with famous people. I told you about the early days. And the great thing about taking pictures with gurus is social media. Now, I don't have to tell you that, but not only can you send it in a picture frame, but you get to put it on social media and tag them and all that. Here's another one I want to give you. So we're on the topic of association. I talked about people, the actual pictures, and then their actual names. I want to talk about logos now, OK? I want to talk about logos. So if you belong to any organizations, clubs, or anything in your niche, use logos. Use logos. Here's an example of a marketing piece right here. All I did was drop the Inc. 500 logo. What does that do right away for Dave? This is Dave right here. Gives them credibility, right? Now, the example, I can't seem to find the example that I had for you, but how many of you are familiar with the National Speakers Association? Let me see your show hands. OK, for those of you that don't know, the NSA is more of the speakers that get paid to show up, like a Les Brown or a keynote speaker, like Steve Jobs kind of does keynotes, right? Well, our marketplaces was a little bit different. We're kind of like, we go to the marketplace. How many of you heard the term sing for supper? OK, that term means a guy gets on a platform or a gal gets on a platform, does a presentation, does a pitch, and then at the end, he gets his, that's how he makes his money, whereas the NSA speaker gets paid to show up, right? And so I want to crack in. This is what I'm working on right now. I want to crack into this marketplace. So what am I going to do? I'm going to join their association and get the logo. That's all I want. I'm paying them $500 or whatever the fee is to get the logo so I can put it on my marketing pieces. So the question, the wheels that should be spinning in your head is what associations, what logos, what masterminds, what things can you use in your marketing pieces online to put in there? How many of you have ever been to a website and you've seen the Better Business Bureau logo, right? That's an example, right? So you want to start thinking of what associations, what logos, can I get my hands on and put in my marketing, OK? You guys got that? You want more? All right. All right. Now, how many of you are big Dan Kennedy disciples or you study Kennedy at least? OK. See some hands? Some eager hands more than others. So I was a big Kennedy guy. And I guess I might have misinterpreted him. I was all about ugly. How many of you have heard, have been preached, like you need to send out ugly marketing because it's good. It kind of wakes people up. Everyone's tired of seeing corporate stuff. Let me see your show of hands. Like, ugly is good, right? So I subscribe to that mindset. And it does work. But the challenge is when everyone's sending ugly, everyone's sending the same stuff, right? So we all know the universal rule. When everybody's doing the same, when everyone's doing the same thing, do something different, right? You guys get that? So what I did is I was sold on getting kick butt photography. So what we did is we invested. This is more of a nicer looking piece because, again, in my marketplace, I was targeting marketers, you guys, and you're used to seeing ugly, most of you. And so I said, you know what? What's going to build my credibility? What's going to build my brand, right? And so what I did is we got a kick butt photographer to come out. I know that kind of looks weird there. And take a professional picture of us. And if you notice this postcard, too, if you notice this postcard, it's nice looking, right? It's pretty, you know, it's somewhat pretty looking, right? It's not completely ugly. So the key takeaway there is if you are presenting an image, right, maybe you're an internet marketer and you want to have the lifestyle, which is why I'm dressed like this, versus a full suit, what is the congruent image in your marketplace? Does that make sense? If you're selling money, if you're a banker, do you think you could get away with this? Unless you're Richard Branson, right? Like, you know, he's not even a banker. But unless you're that powerful of a being, then you're going to have to dress the part. You're going to have to present that image. So what is the image in your marketplace that you have to portray? OK? We want to be congruent. How many of you have a book? Let me see your show of hands. You know, when I was first getting started, how many of you think I'm a fairly young looking guy? How many of you think I'm a fairly good looking guy? Let me see your show. Let's see hands there. What happened there? What happened there? So here I was 25 years old at the time, and Mark's in this niche as business credit. And here I was pitching money. Now, I got in my suit. I was teaching business owners how to get money for their business. And so people weren't taking me seriously because I had the baby face. And so the first thing that I did was I created a book. Now, for some reason it's not up here. But I have a book. And I use that as my business card. But also I use it as a credibility booster. So in your niche, I want you to consider use of a book. It's so easy to do nowadays. Amazon has this thing called Create Space. You can make it on there. But I want you to consider. I'm not going to go into the whole book thing. But consider book as business card if you want to skyrocket your credibility so that you can get paid more. If you look at Dr. Phil, and I don't know why I keep coming up with him. But Oprah, all these people have books, right? So we're going to model what they do to get the most amount of money. Here's some other examples. Pictures as well. This picture right here is of me speaking at an event. Now, if I'm going at, what does this picture tell you? I just want some audience feedback. Just throw it at me. What does this picture show you? Just what are your first gut reactions to this picture? Authority. I like that. What else? Anyone else? What's that? Lot of people. Credibility, right? Mixed ages, teacher, right. So these are all the things that you might not recognize are going on. But you're judging the picture, right? And so maybe also that people are interested in what I have to say. Like they're here. They're at an event. I'm speaking to them, right? And so I use this in my marketing because subconsciously, it's like, wow, well, maybe I need to go here what this guy has to say. Or maybe I should be there, right? Or maybe he has something worth listening to, OK? So what pictures can you create in your marketing to do the same exact thing, right? Here's an example of one of our clients, Zach Childress. Now for the speaking, how many of you, I just had a show of hands, how many of you are speakers? You consider yourself, you would be willing to get up on the platform and do talks. Let me see your show of hands. OK, great. How many of you are just kind of interested in the speaking for just the webinar side of it? Let me see your show of hands. OK, that's cool too. So for speaking, one of the coolest things that you can do is create this mad back of the table rush, right? It's like the thing to do in the speaking world, right? And so what this picture shows is this is one of our clients, Zach. He did a presentation and everyone has their hands in the air. What does that say to you? Isn't that awesome? I want to, you know, like they're throwing credit cards at him. Like he's got them engaged, right? And so he doesn't have to say anything in this picture. You just automatically get a sense of, wow, he must have something really interesting. Or maybe I can learn something from him, right? So what other pictures, I want you to, I want to get these ideas going in your head. What pictures like this can you create for your marketing or put in your social media or put online or whatever, right? I'm giving you another example. This right here, kind of tying into the Rockstar theme, right? You can have a little fun with this. What we did here is we made ourselves a ticket, right? Because if we're going to an event, when you go to a concert, what do you get? You get a ticket, right? And so we're using, like, kind of the Rockstar element, and we're putting it on a ticket. Can you use something like that if you do seminars or live events? Gosh, if you did a webinar, could you send out a ticket? Absolutely. Who's sending out tickets for webinars? No one, right? No one's doing that. So I want you to, I just want to kind of open up your ideas. Now, someone had mentioned Wall Street. This is one of our clients, Mike and Sam. They're in the real estate niche. They had some fun with this, right? You can have some fun with this and still build some credibility. Here they are in suits. They're taking the Wall Street DVD cover, and they're making it their own. Who here wants to have some fun with this? Let me see your show hands. You guys can do this, right? Absolutely, absolutely. So I want to just give you a hodgepodge of ideas. Here's another late gal that we worked with, Wendy Stevens. She got an opportunity to speak on a really large stage here. And so in her postcard, she's using that picture of the stage, right? Using that picture of the stage. You'll also notice she's using pictures of books. So if you're not putting pictures of books, logos, and stuff around your bios, around yourself, and do it, you're just leaving money on the table there, because it's credibility. Again, you don't have to beat your chest. Let the advertising, let the marketing do the work for you, right? Talked about direct mail. Talked about a little bit of creative marketing on that regard. Now, I want to give you some real quick for the speakers in the room that do presentations. One of the cool things that you'll see is a kick butt intro video. How many of you saw Russell's intro video this morning? Was that pretty powerful to have him be introduced by Tony Robbins, be introduced by others, right, saying how good he is? You're going to see our intro video tomorrow that's going to introduce Dave. It's pretty powerful. How many of you, this is kind of a fun one, how many of you, I'm talking to my speaker friends, how many of you speakers have gone to an event? Maybe you flew all the way to California like I did. You showed up and the promoter said there's going to be 100 people there, but you get to a Denny's with round tables, and there's seven people, and the kitchen's right here, and the talk is literal. You're sitting right here to talk to the crowd. And anyone ever experienced that? I heard a couple of people. All right, so that's a speaker worser. I don't want to scare the others that have the uninitiated, but what I want to share with you is how many of you have shown up in an environment where you had the promoter, you had someone introduced you, and they kind of said something like this. You know, we don't really endorse this guy. I just met him backstage a couple minutes ago. I think he's a good guy. Let's come on. Let's bring him out. That's horrible, right? So the power of the, because you just never know what's going to happen, right? You just never know where you're going to show up to be a great introducer, right? So you want to consider the use of a kick butt intro video. And even you can do this on webinars now if you're doing some automated webinars. You can start to use cool introductions. That's why I did this crazy Ozzy Osbourne introduction, just to do something different to make you guys have some fun. So I want you to think about that, too, as use of an intro video or having somebody else introduce you. You should never start a webinar. You should never do a speaking gig without somebody else introducing you. They need to pass the credibility to you, OK? And I know for those on webinars, you want to do that. You're seeing the use of banners here. You saw them outside the room and inside the room. So you want to use banners, making ourselves look bigger than we are. How many of you looked at the banners before you got inside the room? You started making judgments about who we were. All of us, right? Absolutely. Like, wow. You know, it's like, maybe I should have a banner like that. That guy doesn't really look like that. Or he's skinnier, right? But what's happening is we're putting that out there. We're actually setting the seat even before you walked into the room. We're actually oozing our credibility out by putting ourselves on banners. So think of that as well, OK? Paparazzi, while you'll see these come out later in the event. This is like when you see an NFL conference and they've got the logos in the press conference and they've got the logos in the back. You know what I'm talking about? And you see they do that. That's what we call paparazzi. Well, you'll see those by the end of the day or tomorrow. All right, so Booth or Table Strategy. Again, if we had Booth out front here at this event, we could be setting up banners and things like that. So that's kind of a Booth or Table Strategy, just for the event speaking. Now I'm going to give you some Ninja Strategy. You guys OK if I share some Ninja Strategies with you? Good. All right. So Ninja Strategies, pre-marketing, right? Pre-marketing. So if you want to make yourself look bigger than you are, if you're doing a webinar or if you're doing a live talk, you want to send out marketing ahead of time talking about your credibility, talking about who you are. Now I know this is pretty simple because you guys are like, well, I do webinars or I've seen webinars and they send out three emails to build up the credibility of the speaker and get people registered. But I want you to use those emails to make yourself look bigger than you are. Start planning seeds early on. It's going to make your sales process easier down the road. Another thing that you can do is you can give out awards. We recently won 2,000. We won Speaker Coach of the Year, Speaker Trainers of the Year. And it's pretty cool that we're Speaker Trainers of the Year. But anyone could have made a Speaker Trainers of the Year. How many of you realize that? Let me take a step back. We went to an event. The guy got us to come to the event because he gave us the award, Speaker Trainers of the Year. Do you think we wanted to show up to get that award so we could put that in our marketing? Absolutely. So could we do that in our industries? Could you guys do that? Could you hand out awards? Best client of the year, most creative marketing piece of the year, copyrighter of the year, or whatever it makes sense to you, member of the year, chapter member of the year, best radio ad of the year. It's a very effective strategy to get people to come to your seminars, to your events. Kind of taps into ego. So think of use of awards. And what awards have you won in your business, in your history, in your career, what awards have you won that you can brag about? This is my email, we call that, signature line. Again, I'm not a brag adosius guy, but at the bottom, it says 2010, Speaker Coach of the Year, 2010, Infusionsoft's Market of the Year finalist. And I should add another one, Glaser Kennedy, Market of the Year finalist. So what awards can you drop and pepper into your marketing, even if you're a finalist? I didn't win that award, but I said I'm a finalist, right? So I want you to think of some of those awards. Don't make the mistake too, we see a lot of clients come to us and they say, well that was in a past life, right? That doesn't apply to what I'm doing now. And in some cases, that might be true, but what in your past life and what you did before, can you bring into this, into this new thing that you're doing, okay? What are you guys liking this? You loving this? You do realize this is only number one, right? All right, so with that said, I gotta cook and I gotta go like Russell Brunson speed. You know what I'm talking about? It's like, I gotta hit overdrive, right? You better hang on to your seats here, all right? So we're gonna cook here. So we got a couple more here. Really cool sneaky strategy, whoop, we'll zoom out here, is you wanna write this one down, Earth Class Mail for those of you that really wanna look big and you want an office in London and you want an office in New York and you want an office in Singapore, Earth Class Mail will give you an address in all of those locations and if somebody actually sent you something, they'll forward it to your US address. So now in your brochure or your marketing, you could put your London office, you could put your New York office, right? Now that's not something I'm gonna do, but it's something that you could do, right? Anyone here like that today, anyone gonna implement that? Let me see, okay, that's cool, that's cool. Now use of lingo, you're gonna find out this week and you'll probably hear things thrown around such as power days, you're gonna hear things such as auto responders, you're gonna hear things such as rock star, just like different sorts of lingoes. How many of you have ever been around a culture that has their own language? Let me see your show hands. I want to plant some seeds for those of you that haven't raised their hands, like doctors, right? They talk in their terminology, right? Chiropractors have their terminology, right? What you wanna do is instill use of lingo into your marketing. What do you want people, like you have to train them on what you want them to say, right? So create words and give them meetings. So like we have this thing called a power day that we offer and now in the industry, everyone knows what a power day is, right? It's like lingo specific to our industry. You'll hear stuff like cost per action, that sort of stuff, right? If you go into an internet marketing conference, you're gonna hear those sort of terms. So the instructive lesson is what can you use? What lingo, what words can you create phrases, right? In your world to get your people to subscribe to them. As crazy as this sounds, I'm gonna say it anyway, you wanna create a cult like following, okay? You don't wanna create a cult, or maybe you do, I don't know, but you wanna create that following. You want people hanging on, buying your products and services, one way to do that is use of lingo and use of words. Here's how I knew I got it. Here's how I knew I made myself a celebrity. And I'm not one of those guys that is like, again, braggadocious, but when one of our clients said this, and how many of you have, well, I'm not gonna ask, but Jason Medley's this guy in Tampa, Florida, he's got the world's best tan. It's a crazy thing, I heard a couple people laugh, so a couple people know him. And he's got this crazy accent, real good Christian dude, and he's got this crazy accent, and he said to me one day, he's like, damn Dustin, you're everywhere. And that's when I knew I had it. That's when I knew I had it, because he had seen my dirty, you're gonna find out about my dirty talk newsletter. It's crazy, that might sound to some of you. I was doing live events, I was running product launches, I was everywhere, I was doing direct mail, I was everywhere. So again, how can you create yourself, how can you put yourself everywhere in your marketplace, in your marketplace, don't be everywhere, but everywhere in your marketplace where people will buy from you. So how can I make my, the questions ask yourself, how can I make myself a celebrity to my fans, or the industry, and are you positioning yourself as an object of lust, or are you just wanted, and are you just wanted, or just needed? Again, you want to position yourself as an object of lust. People in the speaking profession, lust to come work with us, because we have created this power day terminology and results. All right. Wow, was that a lot? Woo, can I get a water? Someone give me a water. Otherwise I might be really dry by the end of this. All right, so remember getting back to our Rockstar code number two. We gotta dominate the media, and one way to do this is by owning the media. Remember I told you that Rockstars invent and create their own media? That's what you need to do. And some of us are already doing it, you might not realize it. When you send an email out, that's your media, you're using it, but I want to take it up a couple levels. So I gotta quote, Rockstars invent their own media. So some vintage strategies. I want to share with you the media that I've created. Is it okay if I talk dirty with you? How many of you are like, I don't know where this is going? How many of you are afraid? All right, here's what we're gonna do. When I got started, again I was 25 years old at the time, I was kind of behind the scenes guy, trying to make my way into this world. But I had like this revelation, not the biggest one, but I just had this revelation. I said, if I could go out and target the centers of influence in my industry, and be in touch with them once a month, each and every month for 12 months, do you think I'd be likely to get a gig or an affiliate promotion or some sort of opportunity to work with them? Do you guys think so? If you were in front of your marketplace, you sent them a message or you went and talked to them at least once a month, by numbers game, do you think you'd get a couple gigs or opportunities or promotions out of that? Absolutely. Now, you need to understand your marketplace. Since I was going after the centers of influence, not the actual end consumer of my product, but I was going after the super affiliates, the people that had the herds and the databases, I knew that if I sent them emails once a month or whatever, I was less likely to get them open. How many of you realize, let me ask you this guy, how many of you get 200 emails a day? So what I said is I'm gonna create a newsletter, I'm gonna send it to them offline. So that was my first a-ha. I gotta send it to them offline. If I'm gonna get access to these people, I can't send them emails or I don't think I'll be able to send them emails because they're not gonna get open, they'll just ignore me. So this is what my first newsletter looked like. It's called Dirty Talk. And what I did is I created this newsletter in my clubhouse. Now, I always forget the name, but this actually looks really nice. When I first made this, what was the precursor to the copy machine? The Mimeograph, the Mimeograph. So imagine this, my first newsletter that I put out, trying to get gigs, trying to get people to promote me. I go and I put this on this 1980s Xerox with like 1% toner left, right? I'm in the clubhouse, no air conditioning, and I'm making these copies of this thing, and the thing is just like dark. If you've ever seen a bad, it was like a bad copy, but it's what I had, right? And I was already sinking the money, I was just getting started, I was already sinking the money into the postage and the envelopes and all that, but I was leveraging this copy machine to make it. And I started off with 50 people and I sent them out to all the centers of influence. Now, you might call this a good or a bad thing, but I sent out those newsletters and that promoter that I talked about when I said I spoke at a Denny's, he called me up, but at the time I thought this was gold, I'm like, oh, this guy's gonna give me an opportunity to come speak, right? So within the first mailing, I sent it out to 50 people, I got a promoter to call me, that invited me to come speak. Now the beautiful thing was, is I spoke a couple other times and made some money from that, okay? But the point of the lesson is, is that I got started, it looked ugly as sin, and I sent it out and I got a gig off of that. Is that cool? Now I wanna show you something, for those of you that are kind of quivering about writing and creating a newsletter, and I know some of us subscribe to Kennedy, or some of us subscribe to Russell's print newsletter, or others newsletters. This is all that I send out. The back page never changes, it's literally 750 words. Could you write once a month 750 words? Absolutely. Now here's what I do, would it be okay if I share some of these strategies with you? What do you notice about this newsletter? Three hole punches is the term. What does that do to you subconsciously? I wanna keep it, there's a perception of value, so I'm creating value, okay? So I three hole punch my newsletter. The other thing, I'll put this on the screen here. If you look up here, I put a price up here. As I didn't charge for this, this was a free newsletter, I send it out for free, but if I'm sending it out for free and I'm not claiming a value, what are people gonna think of it? It has no value, so why not put a value on everything? Like that's my new marketing kick. Put a value on everything. Like even a flyer, a handout. Put a value on it, right? What is your time worth, right? If you're kind of quick, well how do I determine value? Well what's your time worth, how long did it take you to make that piece? Put your value on there, right? Now in this newsletter, what I do is I put pictures there. Okay, I put pictures in the newsletter, we talked about association, this is when we were, I get motivated with ZIG backstage, right? I show some different pictures there. The other thing I do in this newsletter, I put myself on the move. Because I go to events, because I'm part of masterminds, because sometimes I speak, I put where I'm going and where I'm headed. Now why do I do that? Celebrity, right? Makes me look like a rock star, absolutely. Shows that I'm in the business, shows that I'm up to something. People love motion, right? So I'm in motion on the move, right? So can you put that in your marketing pieces? Absolutely. Now here's one thing that I do. Anyone can do this. I feature one person a month as dirty talker of the month. And I just talk about what they're doing in the business. Sometimes I know them, sometimes I don't. So anyone can do this, you don't have to personally know the person. After a while, people are gonna call you and say, hey, how can I get into this dirty talk newsletter as speaker of the month or whatever, right? That's gonna happen. Now, why do I do that? Why do I profile that person? Association, exactly. Good, you guys are getting this. What else? Content? Absolutely. That's good. What else? Reciprocity, right? So like now that I've done this, that doesn't mean everyone's gonna call me up and say, oh, we should do a deal together. But now that I've done this, I've enacted the law of reciprocity, right? So this is a great strategy. I'm gonna give you one more. The reason why I do this is the number one thing with direct mail is you wanna get it opened, right? And so as long as they open it once and they see that there's one dirty talker of the month, they're probably gonna be interested to see if they made next month's edition, right? So in your marketplace, can you do this? Absolutely. It doesn't have to be a center of influence. It could be a client, right? Get people, get people, you know, guessing if they're gonna be at it. I talk about my power days. If you guys are in the consulting business, this is a great strategy. You can advertise who the people are that you work with. And then also it shows, well, gosh, these guys must be up to something. They're selling a lot of this consulting stuff, right? Subconsciously. So I put that in there and I advertise them and makes them feel good too. I put a book, I'm always reader. How many of you guys are readers? Always reading stuff, consuming content of some sort. Well, gosh, you might as well just write about it. So I put Kennedy's book there on making them believe in goat testicles. If you haven't read that, as crass as that sounds a good book. I heard a couple laughs there. It is really an interesting book. Now on the back page, what do you notice right here? Names, right? Because people want to see themselves on that back page. Can you guys do this? Absolutely you can. Real quick, I started off with that mimeograph like a copier machine, that 1980s copier Xerox machine. And I started up great. I paid for this on my own dime to mail this. And I got my then girlfriend now wife. I just recently got married by the way. Thank you. Thank you. So she helped me do this, right? And now what it's transformed to, you gotta start somewhere. Now what I do is I charge only one person to advertise. Because this goes out to centers of influence, because this goes out to any marketplace, you can now start to charge for advertising. So what I do to not junk this up and put like 50 of them in here, I only give one person the opportunity. Because again, this isn't about making money off of the advertising. This is about me being in front of the centers of influence each and every month or my customers, right? So I charge one person to do a double-sided insert here. Anyone can advertise in it, only 12 opportunities. And this pays for it. All I ask them to do is just pay for the shipping. Is that pretty cool? They pay for the postage. So now I get to talk to my marketplace once a month and someone else pays for it. Is that cool? Can you do this? Will you do this? Absolutely. I'm gonna give you a couple. Those are my vintage strategies for those of you. How many of you are dirty talkers? Let me just show your, let me see your show of hands. All right, we got a couple. Excellent. Excellent. I'm gonna share with you some really cool strategies. Now I've evolved. The envelope I showed you before had nothing on the back. And one of the number one sins in direct mail is leaving marketing blank, right? Real estate blank. So I put testimonials on the back so that the new people that get dirty talk read it and they're like, what is this thing? And I get testimonials to get them to open it. Other thing that I forgot to mention, the whole dirty talk thing, right? These are centers of influence. They probably get thousands of newsletters every month. I needed to create an edgy name to get it open. Because I was going after speakers primarily, now it's affiliates and info marketers, I had to come up with an edgy name. So it's one thing to create a newsletter, but can you create a newsletter that everyone knows in your industry with an edgy name? So I want you to write down what edgy name can I create for a newsletter, for a project, for a marketing piece in my industry, okay? One more thing that I did to add some cool stuff is I added first class there. It doesn't cost anything to do that, except you gotta send it first class. And then I gotta give my partner Dave credit. I started, this thing's growing like wildfire. I can't put all the names on it anymore. I got an issue now, right? I wanna put it, I love everyone, I wanna put their names on it. So I put them on the outside, but then it grew too much. And then Dave gave me this idea, because Dave is an excellent salesperson. He said, why don't you highlight all of our clients? So now, all those other names are there and they're getting some love. But how many people right now wanna be in the yellow highlighted section? Let me see your show of hands, right? You gotta sign up for one of our power days, right? And so that's the psychology. Those are the advanced tactics that I'm using. Eventually what I'm gonna do is I'm only gonna list the clients on the back page. I'm just out of room. We're up to like 650 people, right? And again, guys, this is free. I'm paying, well, I'm not paying anymore for this, but I'm charging an advertiser to take care of the mail and cost. Can you do this? Absolutely. Remember, rock stars dominate and own their media, okay? The other thing that you can do is an internet TV show. How many of you have seen TV shows online? Let me see your show of hands. That's a form of a media. I don't have an example here. That's more of a visual thing. But owning a TV show and having people come on, that's a media in itself. It's like the newsletter, but live in front of a camera. Same idea. Own your media, okay? Want to give you a real quick example. One of our clients, Jeff Ronig. How many of you are familiar with the program Stealth Seminar? Let me see your show of hands. This is his newsletter for it. He came to a seminar. I gave him the idea. And now he's sending out, this is his newsletter that he sends out to people in the internet marketing field. So that is that. Here's another one of an example. This is actually, for those of you that are lazier than the dirty talk example that I showed, you only want to write a front and back page. Here's an example of a letter sent out by a marketer that you can send out. But the point is staying in contact with your people once a month and owning your media. Own your media, create your media. Just buy a show of hands. Who here is loving this so far? Actually, the hands were cool. And most of the room raised their hands. But how about we get some audio love? So who here is loving this so far? Let me hear ya. All right. I got more for ya. And we really gotta cook. All right. So let's talk about this show. Create the ultimate unique experience. Rockstar code number three. Now I wanna share with you this one. People are nowadays are begging, they're praying that it's just not another ordinary experience. See, when you sell a product or service, people have an expectation of what they're gonna get. It's not very high. But secretly, people are praying, they're hoping that they're gonna be wowed. It's like the one thing that we hang on to is that one day we're pleasantly gonna be surprised. So keep that in mind. We're gonna pleasantly be surprised. So one of the things that people want to see nowadays, something that you need to incorporate into your marketplace, is be about something bigger. Yes, we're all marketers of something. We're all selling something. But can we be about something bigger than that? Let's say you sell real estate information, how to get rich in real estate. You're showing investors how to make money with your product, but could you also be about saving the lives of homeowners that are in desperation, that are in trouble? That's your bigger purpose. The media's gonna love that. So you wanna be about something bigger, something transcendental, something that's bigger than just your product or service. One of the things that you're gonna hear about is the internet movement. Sure, I show people how to make money online with that company, but it's about something bigger. It's about joining a movement of people dedicated to changing their lives. So you see how I twisted that? I'm about something bigger. In your marketing, what is it that can you be about that's something bigger? Now a good example of this is a sense of belonging or rebelling against. Some marketers rebel. How many of you have heard of the rich jerk? Let me see your show of hands. A rebellious sort of marketer. He's against, right? He's against the status quo, okay? Now you can either go with join the cause marketing or let's rebel against something, okay? So be about something bigger. Stand for something, because if you're just part of the pack, you're just another person. You're just another dude, as they would say, all right? So some examples, one of our clients, Jeff Caller, he's on a crusade to save America. He's a real estate investor. He sells how to make money, get rich in real estate. But he's on a crusade to save America. He's on a crusade to save the lives of the homeowners that are in desperation. Another one of our clients, Greg Clement, he has a program, he sells software, but he created a blog that says, I don't like to work. Because what's the bigger end result of software? More time, automation, getting back to doing what you love, right? So his whole premise he's kind of doing is I don't like to work, it's funny. He's the CEO of the software company, but his side is I don't like to work. And his blog is I don't like to work. But that taps into something bigger than just the software. It's about the automation, he talks about that, okay? The internet movement, I talked about that. The other thing I wanna tell you is that it's all about FaceTime. A lot of people, especially me early on, I got caught up when I was doing marketing. I wanted it to be the perfect piece. And a lot of times I would get stuck in paralysis of analysis. How many of you have been stuck there? Like you wanna perfect something? All right, I see my perfectionist, right? So I'm proposing this theory. I'm not proposing putting out crap, but I'm proposing this theory. If you can touch people multiple times, it's much better than waiting for that perfect piece each and every time. Now I'm not advocating spelling errors and putting out garbage, but if you're in a time cruncher, if I had one option to pick, I wanna touch people multiple times. Because how many of you have heard the saying, it takes six or seven touches to make a sale? Let me see your show of hands. It's absolutely true. I think it might be even more in this economy because people are jaded, right? They've been scanned, right? So we can still sell them, we can still make lots of money. We just gotta touch them a little bit more. So I had this theory called FaceTime marketing. The more FaceTime you can get with your prospects, your customers, your affiliates, your speakers, whatever, the better off you're gonna be. So I want you to think about how can I get more FaceTime in front of my people, okay? And again, don't get stuck in, oh, I gotta create a 30 page sales letter, right? Or I gotta create a kick butt website. They just need to be touches, right? Now obviously, if you can make them impactful and you can make them look really cool, that's good. But I think people just wanna see longevity now, that you're around, multiple touches, that you're the real deal, okay? That's why real videos, not professionally produced videos, work so well, because it's real, showing people in their real state, okay? So it doesn't always have to be super professional. One of the things that you want to do is you wanna create this process, okay? So it's not about, well, what's the one thing I can do to make people happy? You wanna orchestrate a process that is done, that does it all for you. Let me see what I got here. Actually, before that, I'm gonna just put up one more picture. Before we get into the process part, in a presentation, remember I talked about being about something bigger? One of the things in the internet movement, again, that's what I'm creating, the internet movement, it's about giving, one of our philosophies is about giving back. And so this is actually our, this is a restaurant right next to our office on the water. We're actually over in Tampa, Florida, is where we're headquartered. And we're right next to a military base. And for lunch, military people come and they eat there. And so one of the cool things that we did is one time they came over, there was a big group of them, they were eating and we just picked up their lunch as our way of saying thanks and giving back. And so in my presentation, I talk about that and it's like whatever it is for you, that's what I did, my dad was in the military and he put in a lot of time and service, so that impacts me a lot. And so I talk about that and I let people know, look, yes, I'm here to profit, yes, I'm here to make money, but I'm also about something bigger. So I want you to think about what social causes can you attach yourself to, what kind of charities, what kind of things that can you attach yourself to and put in there, right? You guys like that? Is that cool? Can do that, absolutely. So again, this is about creating the unique experience, the ultimate unique experience. Again, I could sit up here and say, do this strategy, do this strategy, but I want to do something now that's going to create a unique experience for you. Now one of the things that we do when we get a lead in the speaking business for a power day, which you'll learn about, I know this looks kind of crazy, guys. This is a spreadsheet and what I've done is I've orchestrated every single step that happens when a lead comes in. Now there's a couple of people in the room that have been through power days. How many of you have received some crazy mail from us, some marketing, some shock and all? Let me see your show of hands, right? The two guys that have done power days in the room, right? We just need to get more of you, more of you in through. So what I've done is I've orchestrated, and they might not have known this, but I've orchestrated this process where they got a touch on social media, and I can zoom in here for you guys. They got a touch on social media, they got cookies in the mail, they got a phone call from one of our staff, and so by doing these multiple touches, what I'm doing is I'm orchestrating the process. It's going to help me get to the sales a lot quicker. Russell shared some scripts with you this morning. He's orchestrated his process. Now he does the two step, right? The setter and then the closer and the multiple steps, right? He's refined and orchestrated his process. It didn't start like this, so I don't want you guys to get me like, wow, how did he do that? It started with Dave Gutt's on the phone with somebody. Well, then I said, well, what can I do ahead of time? Pre-marketing, remember I shared that with you? What can I do ahead of time to set that appointment even better? And so I just kept adding and adding and adding. And the important thing to know, it's not done all online. I know a lot of us are internet marketers, but I'm heavy into offline. How many of you enjoy getting a package or the mail? Let me see your show hands. Okay, it taps into that, absolutely, it taps into that. So you want to orchestrate, you want to plan out your process, okay? Now, let's have some fun. Can we have some fun? You guys want to see this process live? All right, let's do it. All right, so one of the things that will happen is on the first step, I really want a shock and awe, right? And so I have a shock and awe package, right? I think the guys are laughing that have been through the power to because they're like, oh, that's what he's doing. I've seen this before. So one of the things I want to do right away is I want to shock them. So if someone raises their hand, hey, I'm interested in your product or service, what we do is we send out this package right here. Now, what do you notice right here? What are these? Logos, right? I'm saying something without saying it, right? I've got the logos there. I've got my bios. Again, this is all coming together now. We've got the professional photography. Wow, these guys must be sharp. They've got professional pictures, right? Bios. Here's all the niches, right? That we serve. Now, what do you notice here? Association, right? Here's all our clients, the people that we've worked with, right? So what I really want to do from the get-go is I want to shock them. I want to shock them and say, wow, these guys are the real deal. Now I want to share with you, I think this shock and awe package is okay. I created it, right? But I'm always looking about getting better. There's a DVD here and a sales letter. What I'm going to do is, anyone here drive a Porsche? See, show of hands. Okay, have you gotten a crazy package that looks like this, like it's in a clear thing? Have you gotten something like that from them? All right, you will. So I was able to see inside some of the marketing that Porsche does, and they send out something like this, but a lot cooler and a lot more expensive. And what they do is they have a CD, they've got a USB thumb drive in there, and then they've got six or seven marketing pieces in there. Probably cost them about 100 or 200 bucks to make. Now, if I'm sending that out to somebody, do you think I'm going to get their attention? If I spend $100 or $200. Now, a power day for those you don't know, it's like a $10,000 investment, but would you be willing to spend $100, $200 to make a $10,000 sale in your business? All day long, sign me up, right? How do I get more of that? So right now, this is what it is. In the future, what I'm going to move to is a bigger shock and awe package. So if you're selling a high ticket item, I want you to consider what's your budget for really shocking them. What are you willing to invest to get that client? I want you to think about that. So we use this shock and awe package, this goes out, and we send it out priority mail. We send this out because we mean business. This is serious, right? This is a serious thing for somebody's business. Then what I do is, now I'm about serious, but I'm also about having fun, right? Because if you're serious, serious, serious, sometimes that doesn't appeal to people. People have to see that you're human, that you're emotional. So here's one of the things that we send out. This is from Dave. This is the letter they get. And it has their name. Mark, sweet things happen when you work with MVP. That's our company, the MVP and associates. And we send cookies or candy with that, right? Now if you got cookies or candy in the mail, wouldn't that kind of get your attention? Absolutely, and if you gave them to your kids, would it really get your attention if you gave that candy to your kids? Absolutely, if you run around like crazy, right? So we have some fun with it. Here's another thing that we do. This one, this is later in the sequence, this is like step six or seven. We've got a letter that goes out from Dave's little baby girl, Victoria, right? And what I did is I downloaded a handwriting, like a crayon font or whatever, and I send this out. Now if you got a letter from Dave's daughter saying, hey, come please work with my daddy, he works really hard, mommy says he works too much, having some fun with it, would that grab your attention? Absolutely, so you can have some fun with it. You want to create it, a unique experience doesn't always mean you have to spend a lot of money. You want to create something different, you want to have some fun with it, okay? Can you guys do this? You starting to get some good ideas for your business? Absolutely, absolutely. All right, so that's about creating the process. I want to give you a couple sweet riffs. You guys okay with some sweet riffs? All right. All right, so you saw the shock and awe package. Can you put together a shock and awe package that will set you apart in your business? Now again, if you're selling like a $47 ebook online, a shock and awe package might not make sense in the physical form, you just want to consider that. Room drops. Now we had a little snafu, and so it'll happen today. We're secretly sending people to your rooms, and we're putting stuff in your rooms. Now we're using the hotel staff to do it. When you come to the hotel, you haven't had this happen, but it'll happen today before you go back. We're having the hotel staff put this letter in your room, it's supposed to happen last night, but we're gonna have it happen tonight. They're gonna put this letter in your room. Now this one says Tampa, because this is what it used from the last event, and I'm gonna put a gift inside your room. Now if you had showed up, it's still gonna be good, but if you had showed up yesterday, and you got a letter from Russell and I saying, hey, welcome to Orlando, we're super excited to have you here, and you got a little gift from us, would that be a cool, unique experience for you? Yeah. I'm just, I'm actually curious for myself, have you ever been to an event where that's happened? Just be honest, I want to see. Was it my event? Okay, I just want to make sure. Okay, so people are catching on to this, okay? But it's still a unique experience, so I just want to give you the heads up on that. The other thing that you can do if you do consulting or stuff is when people come through our power day, our thing is a lot of times they'll fly in. So I was thinking, what can I do to make this experience crazy? Off the top, over the top. Now when people work with us, we pick them up in a limo. If they fly in from out of town and stay at a hotel, we send a limo to go get them. Now what do you think that does at the beginning part of a day? I see some head shaking, right? It sets the tone, it's like, man, they sent a limo for me, this is crazy, right? Do you think they're gonna talk to their spouse, their business partners, somebody in their office about getting picked up in a limo? Absolutely. Now here's the thing, this costs us 100, let's say it costs us 200 bucks, right, with tax and everything in tip. What do you think the power of the referral process that does to that? Huge, it's big time, right? It's creating that unique experience. And so one of the things that I, you know, guys, again, I'm a student of this game as well. One of the things I got schooled in is I wanted to do everything on the cheap so I could get the most amount of profit as possible. Doesn't that make sense? You wanna make as much money from your business as possible. Well, to me it did, that made sense to me, but I found out is no one was referring me stuff. Like I was giving stuff to people and they were happy, but I wasn't getting referrals. And so I don't want you to make that same mistake. Sometimes what we do is we invest in the customer, invest in our clients so that we get referrals, we get them to buy things, okay? And I think in this economy, I think we have to invest a little bit more into our customer. Yeah, you can do it without, but I think if you want a long-term, high-dollar, high-value customer, you invest in them on the front end and it'll pay over and over again. How many of you get that? Let me see your show of hands. Absolutely, absolutely. In some of our seminars, what we'll do is we'll actually, masseuse is at the event, we haven't done this yet, but I'm gonna get a masseuse at one of our next event because I wanna create that emotional experience. Like we're gonna put, somebody said massage, I gotta say massage therapist. Somebody at my last event said not to use the word masseuse. Is that a bad word, masseuse? I see some people saying yes, some say no, I didn't know. So massage therapist, sorry, I'll update the slide. Massage therapist in the back of the room where you sit on one of those chairs like at the airport that we're at, right? And they just massage you for 15 minutes. Wouldn't that be a cool touch? You come to a seminar, you've been sitting in the seat all day and do that, right? So I'm saying all these to you because I want you to think about all the different things that you could do in your business, okay? Now, what I want you to do is everyone please stand up. Okay, you can sit down. Don't you feel good now? Now, actually I noticed some people, like that's a speaking thing, I noticed some people are like, you know, so I wanna get your state up. But really what I want, I want a meal and Mark to stand up. Would you guys please stand up? Would you stand up? Let's give him a round of applause. Let's, Doug, would you stand up? Doug Bench, you saying, Dr. Sean, would you stand up? Let's give them a round of applause. Is there anyone else who's been through a power day? Okay, you guys can take a seat. Now, what I just did here is I pointed out, those are the gentlemen, these are the people that have been through a power day. Have I missed anyone? Okay, good. Oh, Russell, Russell's standing up. All right, okay. So one of the things that I'm doing is I had them stand up, I made them feel good, right? And I also kind of pointed out, like if you're interested in working with us, you're probably not gonna come talk to me because I'm gonna try and sell you something, right? You might go talk to Mark, you might go talk to me, you might go talk to Doug and figure out, you know, are these guys the real deal? So at the event, one of the things that you can do is have your testimonials, have your clients stand up, make them feel good, okay? Make them feel good. It's about creating that unique experience. Have success stories at the events, have panels, that sort of thing, paparazzi rolls and ribbons. We didn't do it at this event, but how many of you have ever been to an event where you got the name tag and then there's like six different color ribbons? Let me see your show, yeah. You know what I'm talking about, right? And it's like, I remember coming to a Dan Kennedy Conference and the first one I came to, there was a lady, actually she had one of the lanyards, and there was like one like almost down to the floor, I'm like, man, I wanna be here one day. And I didn't know, like that's the subconscious that was going on, I was like, I didn't know, and like Kennedy was messing with my head. And so it's the same thing, it's the same thing, you wanna put, like if you do events or let's translate this to online, if you have an online members community, make people administrator, super user, gold, platinum, silver, right? So you wanna start to designate, make people feel good for investing in your products, okay? All right, we have got to, we've got to book. All right, have something new. You know, one of the things about being, creating a unique experience is having something new to develop. Like that's my biggest concern is I've given this talk, I think two times previously and it keeps getting better, but the thing is I'm probably gonna have to retire this talk. And the reason why is, you know, we all go to seminars, we all see each other, right? And so the important thing is you wanna have something new to reveal. Now, some of you are already aware of the strategy, they call it the publisher strategy. How many of you, let me see your show hands of you that know the publisher strategy. Well, it's just kinda like it sounds like you have a publisher and they publish a guru. A big example of this is Oprah Winfrey. She just retired, right? What's her big plan? You guys know? She's gonna drive Dr. Phil and Rachel Ray and who's the other one? Is there another one? Dr. Oz. Dr. Oz, right? So she's gonna help them build their empire, right? So that's how she's making herself new. She's putting these other gurus into the spotlight. So that's something for you to consider. Or have a new product or service to reveal, okay? Have something new, have a new talk, promote new products. You can even do something such as shock them. Now this is kind of a crazy one. I'm not advocating this for everybody. This is one of our clients, his name is Stickboy. That's his nickname. His name is Nathan Jarowitz. And that's crazy, he's an internet marketer. And that's his thing. Now, he's got a crazy hairstyle and every month like it changes. But do you think people remember that? Whether they like him or not? Or whether they agree with him or not? They remember him, right? So a strategy that you might use in your business is a shock strategy. Now it doesn't mean you have to go shave your head and do crazy things, but how can you shock your folks? How can you shock your herd, your crowd, your people, right? Famous example of this, a famous, now XM or whatever satellite, yeah, you took it out of your mouth. Howard Stern, perfect example of this, right? Now it's not for everybody. I'm not a shock jock as they call them. But it's a strategy, okay? It's not, it is a strategy. People want fresh faces to the publisher strategy. Working with the client right now, he's gonna push his brother into the spotlight, okay? So that's just an example of that. So questions to ask yourself, how can I build a stronger relationship with my customer? And how can I create a unique experience with my customer? Okay? Again, you don't have to spend a bunch of money to make it unique. So that is the show. All right. Who here likes this? Who here likes what I have to share? Is this kind of something different? A little bit of online, a little bit of offline. You digging this? All right, you want some more? I got some more. I forgot to make a special, special, special offer for you guys, a free offer. No continuity attached, is that cool? That's an internet marketing joke. When I was talking about dirty talk, I forgot to ask anyone here that wants a copy of dirty talk, you can have it, just come up and get it. If I don't do this now, I'm gonna forget. So I got a couple here. So you can use this as an example for your business. Thank you. Absolutely. Oh, we're running out. Pass them out, pass them out. You guys pass them out for me. Okay, because we got a rock. Otherwise I have to go faster than Russell's. Oh, thank you very much. I gotta go faster than Russell's ever gone. All right. Are we having fun yet? Absolutely. Remember, rockstar code number four. Take them to a higher ground. Remember, we are in the moving business. Our goal is to transport people. We have to ascend them. They come in and they buy something from us, but that's not the end of it. And that's the challenge I see with some internet marketers. They're like one and done. They sell something and that's it. That's great if you can do lots of volume, but gosh, you can suck so much more money out of that relationship by selling them other services. So your goal is to transport these people, your customers, your prospects to a higher ground. One way that I want you to do this, one way that I want you to do this real quick, I'm gonna get this out the way, is show them how to ascend. How many of you right now have more than three products? Let me see your show of hands. Excellent. So for those of you that have more than three products, what I want you to do is in the first product. And for those of you that are planning your products, what I want you to do is draw out your funnel. Now I know some of you are Kennedy folks and you get the newsletter and you've probably seen something like this. The ladder of success. I ripped it off, right? Or modeled if you want softer language. I modeled and I said not the ladder of success, the staircase of success, your staircase, right? And so this is how people ascend and I let people know that in our world. There's been a lot of talk, I've been showing you a lot of examples about our power day, but that's just one pillar in the thing and there's an event before that, there is a home study course before that. But the challenge is if you don't show people how to ascend, they're not gonna know what other products and services you have. It's a challenge I had in my business credit business that I'll talk about a little bit, is I did not show people I got more than this CD or I got more than this home study course. So what I'm doing is I'm showing people this is my staircase for ascension. These are the other products or services. Now for those of you that might have just one or two products, could you not put other people's products in there? Could you private label somebody else's coaching program? Could you sell somebody else's mastermind program? Absolutely, I want you to start thinking about that, okay? So show people how to ascend. Whoops. I do wanna talk about something real quick and I wanna share something that I'm seeing in the marketplace. Is that cool? You guys wanna get some insights about the marketplace? Here's what I'm seeing, just an info marketing. So there's kind of a new pyramid. So I showed you the staircase, right? But I wanna show you something I'm gonna draw up here on Elmo. You've seen kind of like the price trend, this is like lots of money. Can you guys see that? Yeah, and this is small. So here's like a free CD and let's hear it as mastermind, okay, and here is like home study. So typically, oops, there we go. Okay, does that make sense? Sorry. All right, the first one is basically a low barrier to entry. Now we can sell a whole bunch more because the price is lower, right? So that's why the base is bigger. Then the next step up is like the ascension, right? A home study course, you offer something a little bit bigger and then the next course up is something like $10,000. That's mastermind coaching program. We'll put CP up there. Here's what I'm noticing. The marketplace, how many of you have bought a 997 product? Or let me ask you, how many of you have bought a 997, 1495 or 1997? Let me see your show of hands on a webinar or something like that. Here's what I'm noticing right now. I'm gonna go up to 1997. The marketplace, like, because I'm seeing some things shrink. Home study course sales are getting harder, especially online, like just to sell a 997 course unless you're doing some creative things. So what I'm seeing the marketplace is we're seeing a lot more people have success selling volume. You'll hear about CPA traffic later on in this event. You'll see people selling a lot of $97 products. And then you'll see this emergence right now. I see the big emergence right now is with high-priced products. And we have a gentleman here that's gonna be talking about that as well, how to sell high-priced products. So what I'm finding is this price point is being more, is being difficult to sell, okay? Webinar, there's certain sales mechanisms that are making it harder to sell. So I want you to think about, I'm not saying that you can't do it, but I want you to consider where do you wanna be? Do you wanna be in the volume game? Or do you wanna go after higher-end sales, okay? This is just something that I'm seeing in the marketplace. It's not to say you don't have a home study course. This is just something that I'm seeing. With that said, something that you can do to combat that, generate a $97 sale or a lower-end sale, and then, bam, show them how to ascend, right? Show them how to ascend. So what I'm actually seeing right now, and I think Russell can attest to this too, is a lot of people, what they're doing is they're generating a $97 buyer, and they're getting them on the phone, and they're doing FaceTime, and they're doing these automated webinars, and they're selling them into $10,000 packages. Anyone seeing that in the marketplace? Or they're generating a small yes? Again, small yeses lead to bigger yeses, right? So I'm seeing in the marketplace, a lot of people are generating a small yes sale, and then they're getting them on the phone, building rapport, and getting them into a higher package, okay? All right, so you have to ascend them, and one of the things I wanna share with you is once people get in, I think it's funny, this is kinda like the funny part, I think we're marketers, right? Are we marketers? Do we sell stuff? Absolutely we do, right? So it's funny because oftentimes when we sell stuff, do we sell Magic Pill? Come on, absolutely, if we wanna get people to, we don't lie, but we make things look really good, right? And it's funny because we do that, and so I think sometimes it trains us subconsciously to look for that. How many of you have ever turned to a friend or a discussion boarder and saying, who's your copyright? Who's that one guy that you use, right? You're looking for that one person or that one Magic Pill, right? So yeah, it's funny, I'm looking for that too, it's like I ask in Russell, Russell who's your landing page guy? I just need the Magic Pill, right? So one of the things that I wanna make you aware of is once you sell somebody something after the Magic Pill, you get them in, you now have to sell them on themselves, okay? So you get someone to say yes to your product or service, now it's almost like you gotta be in the personal development business, okay? I think most of us study personal development, right? You have to instill that in your people, you have to sell people on themselves once they come in. And the reason why is if you don't, if you don't get that person to succeed, you're probably not gonna send them, does that make sense? So once they come in, you got them excited, right? Then you have to show them how to use the product, get them to use the product, but sell them on hey, you can do this. Here are the strategies, here are some successors, you've got to sell people on themselves so that they will ascend and have success, okay? You have to do personal development, and basically what you have to do is you have to convert your buyers into your students, okay? A lot of times people came in, bought the Magic Pill, you gotta say look, this system can help you, but you gotta work your butt off now, you know? You gotta do this, here's what Cindy and John did from LA. They got the system, they went out, they did this, they did that, you've got to change the conversation from Magic Pillish to now more of a personal development thing if you want to ascend them, does that make sense? Okay, absolutely. All right, questions asked, is my process mapped out and is my ascension path clear? I'm gonna give you a real quick example of, this is one of my info businesses, and it looks kinda crazy, huh? It's my business credit business, and I'll show you this in a moment. I was sitting in a seminar and I mapped out my process. It started with me mapping out the process. You guys are here this weekend, right? This week. Map out your process. I didn't, it doesn't look like this now, but this is what I thought in my head, and it started from me, just like it started with Dave and I on the dock. It started by me formulating my ideas and writing them to paper, right? It's not gonna be perfect. So this is what I call version 1.0. This is version 2.0. This might look a little crazy to you, but basically it's just a funnel, right? People come to my landing page, they opt in, they get a free CD. This is the path, right? This is the path, and I showed them the path. So this is my path there, so it's mapped out. So the question is, is your sales path mapped out? Maybe some of you are having some luck getting on the phone. Maybe you're having a webpage that's converting, but do you have upsells? Is your whole path mapped out, or could you add some things? These are questions you should be asking yourself, okay? All right, we got to move. We got to move. All right, step, rock star code number five is know your fans. Remember, your fans are your livelihood, and so I'm here to tell you that your fans, they love instant and easy. When I called Russell and asked him for his landing page guy, what did I want? Instant and easy, and I've been in this business for seven years, right? Instant and easy, right? Everybody wants instant and easy. And free, right? And free, they want free. So know your fans instant and easy, okay? People want instant and easy, and don't get away from that. Like, working with people in different niches, writing presentations, working with them, writing funnels and stuff like that. Everyone is like, they have the best product in the world syndrome, and they say, oh, it's got 57 hours of content. People don't want 57 hours of content. They want instant and easy, right? So give them, talk to them in instant and easy, okay? So talking benefits, probably the biggest piece of advice I can give you, to instantly change something in your business, your offer, whatever it is, is probably like six, and this is like most, I'm not insulting you, but this is like most people that come in. It's like six CDs, home study manual, one-on-one call. Talking benefits, call it the cash flow coaching call, right? So the biggest thing I can say to you is go to your offer and make it a benefit. So if it's six CDs, don't say six CDs, call it the rolling university, so that when you plug it in, you can train your brain while you drive, right? So the biggest thing I can give you, like you could go home and leave the seminar right now and go and look at your offer and talk and benefits, change it, and you'll instantly go up. I've seen it time and time again, okay? So talking benefits in your offers and your names, like we call Power Day, I talked about that a little bit, but again, talk in instant and easy, talk in benefits, okay? Give your package a name that is benefit. So one of the jokes at the office is every package is the wealth and freedom package, because what does everybody want? Wealth and freedom, right? They want wealth and freedom. So your package could be the wealth and freedom traffic system. I don't care what you do, maybe it's SEO. You've gotta find a way to make it sound sexier, right? You've gotta find a way to make it sound more appealing, okay? So another lesson that I learned is people have money for what they want, okay? If people want your product or service, they will buy it, okay? Don't make the mistake of, oh, people need my product or service. They have to want your product or service. It has to be an object of lust, okay? People love the romance and not the how-to. I'm gonna share with you something. I didn't even ask Russell, but I will share it because he's talking with Dave in the back. He did an underachiever launch. How many of you saw his underachiever launch on Clickbank? Let me see your show of hands. So he did this big, massive product launch, and I was fortunate enough to see kind of behind the scenes, and he said, once he removed, and this blows my mind, it's just a testament. It's just a, it's like, it's like code, right? It's like, I don't know. It's like written in the stone tablet is what I'm saying. As soon as he removed information about the product, like you're gonna get this software, you're gonna get this CD, as soon as he did that, what do you think happened? Conversions went up. They didn't care about the product. They wanted the story, and the numbers dictated it, and so it was sad. It's like, man, these people need the software. The software, like to me, I'm like, the software is sexy, but I wasn't the buyer, right? I wasn't the buyer of this product. So people love the romance, not necessarily the how-to. So I want you to keep that in mind, okay? So sell your customers a preferred being sold to. I found out that people that read my newsletter, Dirty Talk, although it's a quick read for them, a lot of them use audio. So one of the things that we're gonna do is we're gonna include audio CDs in there, right? So if your marketplace is 40 plus, and you're selling on membership sites, is that a good thing? Maybe, maybe not, right? But typically a 40, 50 plus buyer of our products or services, they want physical, tangible materials. Am I right about that? Absolutely, right? Because they grew up with books, right? Look at me, I'm a paper mess. You should see me at the office. They call me like the hoarder, because I'm a student of direct marketing, right? But the thing is sell to your customers as they wanna be sold to, okay? So one of the things we're doing is we're doing CDs in Dirty Talk. An example, follow the money too in your marketplace. This is all about knowing your fans. Knowing your marketplace is what this is about. One of our clients, Doug Bench, is in the contracting niche. Let me just take a step back. He's in the niche where he sells CEUs. How many of you are familiar with that term CEUs? Okay, CEUs are continuing education credits. So like people in the medical field, realtors, contractors have to go to school every year and get current. Does that make sense to y'all? Yeah? Yes? Okay. So one of the things that he did is he followed the money and he noticed that these folks were, they had to come to him to get the CEUs, because it was a state mandated thing. They gotta get them, right? But one of the things that he noticed and one of the things that is his passion is he loves personal development. And so he started offering them in the back of the room. He offered like an MP3 player, talk, telling people how to train their brain for ideas for success. And he started seeing some success there. And so he said, oh wow, this has life. My marketplace is responding to this. Let's start to, let's start to test some ideas. And so what he did is he put on a seminar called Marketing for Millions. And he invited those same people that had to be at a seminar. And he got the people that wanted to come, that wanted to develop themselves, that invested in his product, and he sold them products and services. He followed the money in his marketplace, right? The question for you is, what in your marketplace are people buying and what do they secretly want? You see, all along, Doug's people secretly wanted him to do a seminar. They wanted new, fresh ideas. They wanted him to do it and teach it. And that's what he did. I'll share with you. He had a recent success story, did a seminar. So remember, he went after the top part of the pyramid. Remember, I told him about the top part of the pyramid. And I said, why don't you go after a $10,000 sale? And that's what he did. And I think he, Doug, was it nine? It was nine people. So he got his contractors in a room and sold him a coaching program at $10,000. Nine people, $90,000. And then he had some outside speakers come in and sell some other stuff. Is that pretty cool? Can we give him some love? Absolutely. Absolutely. You guys want to be able to do stuff like that? Gotta follow the Rockstar code. I'm telling you, gotta follow the Rockstar code. All right, so that's Doug. And I'll just share one thing with you. Russell and I kind of talked about this. I call it dueling pianos, because in line with our Rockstar theme, right? The dueling piano seems to be there's biz-opper world. Like the people that get excited about products and they buy like tens and 20 products, like I'm in that marketplace too, right? And then there's like the business owners and the doers, right? And so it's easier to sell a whole bunch of stuff to the biz-oppers, because they get excited about everything, right? But the doers will buy bigger programs. They're harder to sell initially, but once you build rapport with them, they'll buy and buy and buy. And so it's kind of that age-old battle. Do I go after the biz-op and get volume? Or do I go after business owners and get big ticket items, right? So you want to consider what is my marketplace? Are they opportunity seekers? Or are they the actual doers? And are they actual business owners, okay? So questions to ask, do you know your demographic? Basically, do you know your fans? All right, so in the interest of time, would you please give me a round of applause? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. All right, thank you for that. Because with that, now I can give you Rockstar code number six, who remembers what that is? Always have an encore, here's your encore. All right, under promise and over deliver. A couple bonus strategies. These are just random strategies that I wanted to give to you. These kind of fit in. Some of these will work for you. Some of these might not, okay? This one should work for everybody. Take pictures with kids and pets. Who here hates kids and who here hates pets? Let me see your show of hands. Oh, yeah, we got one person. And he's having fun with me back here. All right, so one person out of 80 people that are here. So, except for that one guy. Except for that one person. How can you go wrong taking pictures with kids and pets and putting them in your marketing? If you love kids, if you have kids and you love pets, does that endear you to that person a little? Does it move you a little bit closer to them? Absolutely, so why not use it? There's very little risk with doing that. Let me see if that is here. This isn't a kid, this is my wife, Missy. I didn't put wife or your spouse, right? Russell talks about this in one of his speeches. As soon as he's got married, he talked about that story. And as soon as he had kids, he talked about that story. And that he started endearing himself to different parts of the universe or to the marketplace. He started off as an athlete and got all the athletes to buy. It's the same exact thing. So a bonus strategy for you is show people that you're human, you make mistakes, you goof up, right? You're human, right? You've got family, you're real, right? So that's Missy. So incorporate kids and pets into your marketing pieces. What happened to me is that I had a number of people talking in my student agenda. And that has had friends who work towards jessica. I mean two compared to other people against me. I'm talking about حَزَانَهَا Let's get it to a point. Where this is just an example but it wasn't when you first повer seventy- fragrance comments those evil democrats or those evil tree-huggers or whatever it is. Be careful because now when you do that you alienate yourself, but if that part of the marketplace wasn't going to buy anyway, the other part of the marketplace loves you because they don't like them either. Does that make sense? Yes. So be careful with that one, but that's a strategy that you can use, us versus them. If you do some sort of coaching or retention program, access to you, the guru, will affect retention. If they get access to you and talk to you on a call, they will stick around longer versus if they never get to hear from you or talk to you. Bride people for consumption, I love this strategy. If you have a coaching program or certification program, what you can actually do is bribe people to consume your products and services. Remember when I talked about you got to get your student, you got to get your buyers from buyers into students. Well, one way to do this is to bribe them for consumption and Glazer does this in a copywriting course. If you complete the course and go through it, he'll send you $500 back. Now why does he want to do that? Spend more money, you consume the course, you're probably not going to refund either, right? So it's a strategy to get them to consume and if you consume, you're likely to implement, make more money and buy more of his products and services. So I like that one. You can send them a quiz on that. So willingness to do what others wouldn't do. I put up their right new presentations. I want to manage this situation to be as conducive to sales as possible. So sometimes when I was at that Denny's and I was selling and it was like the worst environment for me to be in, the thing I should have done was sold those people in that environment and got them to come to a hotel room where the environment was conducive to sales. So the question for you is, are you in the most conducive selling environment? Like if you go to a restaurant to try to make a sale, is that the best place? Are there distractions around? Or if you're doing webinars and the webinars are during a certain time, like when the kids are going crazy and screaming, is that conducive to people buying your product or service? So look at that. Manage the situation to be as conducive to sales as possible. Get them out of the environment. With that said, I got one last thing as the clock expires. One of the things that we're doing, one of the things I see that people can be doing is if you have a home study course or actually ship a physical product, you should always have an insert in there selling the next thing. So an example is we have an insert from a social media expert in one of our courses. We give a one-hour strategy session. What do you think that one-hour strategy session is? It's a sales call. Who do you think is getting commissioned when someone enlists the services? Me, right? So I don't have another product to sell them. In that case, I found an affiliate product. I put that insert into there. I position it as a value add. You get a bonus hour call with the social media expert. And now I'm turning this into money. Does that make sense? Can you do this? Absolutely. How was that, guys? I had a lot of fun. All right. So before we go to lunch, we're breaking for lunch, our coaches, Renee and Dan, I'll tell you a quick story. I want you to sign up with them, to meet with them, to work with them. I'll tell you that they have been instrumental in getting me from where I was to where I am now. It was a seminar that I was with Dan and his wife. And it was a personal development seminar. And I was still at the stage where I needed to break the million-dollar mark in sales. And I remember it was a board break exercise. Anyone ever do a board break, like break through a board? All right. Well, this board break exercise that they had for me was right amount of money that you wanted to break through on the board. And so the first number that I put down was like, oh, I'll do 100,000. Because this is when I still had a job working for someone else. I'm like 100,000, six figures. And they're like, no, you need to think bigger. And I'm like, OK, I put half a million. And they're like, no, you need to put 10 million. I'm like, 10 million dollars? I'm like, that didn't compute for me. So what I ended up settling on was a million dollars. And I put that, and I did that board break. And within a year, I'd done a million dollars in sales. Is that cool? So that's why I'm super pumped to have them. Because they've helped me. They work with Russell. They've helped our whole staff. So I implore you to meet with them, because they can get you to that next level. They can show you strategies and tactics for getting to that. So they're a resource. Make sure to sign up right now. They're at the back table. There's only a few spots each and every day for those lunches and dinners. So make sure to do that now. So we're going to break for lunch. We'll be back at 2.30. Thanks, guys.