Hey everyone, this is Russell.
I wanna welcome you guys to today's training.
And before I get started, I wanna know who here is excited.
If you're excited, let me know.
All right, you guys are fired up.
Sweet, Gary's fired up, Linda, Kim, Alan, Ken, Venue, Steve, Jason, all right, you guys are in.
Sweet.
Well, I'm excited to have you guys here.
Today's gonna be fun.
So we did a lot of, in fact, I'm gonna come over real quick to the members area.
Initially I started the training, you know, straight, directly with Optin Funnels.
And I think when we started that way, a lot of people kind of got caught off guard, like they weren't quite prepared for that.
So we stopped and we went back and we spent some time.
I did a training on using the ClickFunnels editor over here.
Hopefully you guys have watched that one.
We also did a bunch of videos showing you how to behind the scenes of some of our funnels.
And then we did a product development one last week.
And they also gave you guys access to one of our $5,000 events as well.
So just trying to over deliver and give you guys tons of stuff to study and to think about.
Hopefully you guys have had a chance to watch all those.
If not, then please go and watch them.
And then module number one, as you know, is Optin Funnels.
We talked about how to use ClickFunnels to create quick Optin Funnels.
And I shared one strategy with you, because I know a lot of people who are on this train don't have a product yet and don't have a list or anything.
And so I kind of showed one strategy where you could use this as a tool to basically go and find affiliate products and then reverse engineer them to go and create a really good Optin Funnel.
That's something we do almost every single day.
And so it's a cool strategy I showed you guys.
And hopefully you guys had a chance to kind of watch that and build some Optin Funnels and drive some leads because today we are transitioning over to Sales Funnels.
And I'm really excited.
Sales Funnels are probably one of my favorite things about it.
So we're gonna talk some psychology here first.
And then after we get done with that, then we're gonna go into ClickFunnels and actually build one out and connect all the pieces and just make it really, really fun.
So again, today we're talking about Sales Funnels.
And for me, this is one of my favorite things to talk about and to think about and to try to figure out how to make.
And so I'm really excited for this training today and I hope you guys get a ton of value out of it.
And I hope that even if those guys, deals with you guys who have successful Sales Funnels right now, I hope that some of the stuff I share will kind of open up how I look at things and give you different perspectives and different ideas on how I do it and hopefully give you guys some ideas as well.
And for those who've never done it before, now is the time to start doing it.
So again, if you don't have a product yet, please go back to this, the fast product development module.
I re-recorded it, we did it live and I wasn't happy with how the live training went.
So I re-recorded it and turned out a thousand times better.
So if you don't have a product yet or you're trying to figure out how to make products, make sure you go watch that training in there.
And it'll go through, it's about an hour long and it'll give you everything you need to be able to create your products, your front end products, your back end products, all the other pieces that you're gonna need for what we're gonna be doing today.
All right, so I'm gonna dive right in.
Let me move some things around.
Okay, so the first thing we'll talk about is that there's different types of sales funnels.
In fact, let me show you this graph right here.
So if you guys had a chance to watch the three and a half hour training inside of the funnel hacks, kind of the first training I gave you guys and went really deep into funnel psychology and all the different things we do.
This is one of the things I talked about, is there's front end funnels and then there's back end funnels and there's funnels kind of in the middle here.
And so typically for sales funnels, the ones I'm gonna be showing you guys today, typically they're more kind of this side of the equation.
Usually it's the bottom of my value ladder and it's the tools I'm using to get somebody into my business.
And after I get them in through a sales funnel, then usually I progress them from there into maybe a webinar funnel, then from there up to my high ticket stuff and I progress people up through my essential ladder that way, okay?
Now, again, there's a lot of psychology behind that and we're not gonna cover that today.
That's kind of outside of the scope of this training.
But if you get back here in the members area, you click on the welcome to funnel hacks training, right down here, there's bonus training.
This goes into deep in that whole psychology.
Okay, so I just wanted you guys to know kind of where this type of funnel traditionally fits in a business.
Now, I know some people that these front end funnels I will talk about today, these sales funnels, is their entire business and you can make an entire business out of it.
But obviously if you have more things and you have higher ticket products and things like that, you can make a lot more from your business as well, okay?
So we're gonna start down here on kind of front end funnels.
Now, with front end funnels, just like my outline over here, I've got two kinds that we traditionally rotate between these two depending on what the product is and what the offer is.
And so the first type here, as you can see, is called a free plus shipping funnel or a tripwire funnel.
Now, if you guys have studied Ryan Dice or Perry Belcher, any of the self-digital markers come out with over the last year, so they talk a lot about a tripwire.
And tripwire is basically a really low ticket offer, like usually it's a $7 product and they talk a lot about splintering.
So they'll take their core products, they have a $100 product and they'll break out a splinter, like their best part and they sell that for $7 and you get some to take that tripwire offer and then they upsell them on the core offer after that.
So that's kind of their strategy.
My strategy is a little bit different.
We've done tripwire stuff in the past, but I'm really a bigger fan of free plus shipping.
But conceptually, both of these are the same.
You're giving somebody just something of crazy value for free plus shipping or for a very, very low ticket to get them in the door, okay?
Because typically the very first yes is the hardest yes to get, okay?
You've got to get somebody to pull their credit card out of their wall and the first thing you're trying to get them to buy is a $1,000 thing or even like a $100 thing, it can be really, really hard.
But if the first thing they're getting is like, hey, there's this amazing thing, it's free, just cover shipping and handling or it's this amazing thing, it's only seven bucks, it's easy getting them to pull their credit card out and then on the next offer is the upsells and the downsells and everything else I'm gonna show you guys today.
It's much easier now to get them to say yes to those, okay?
So that's the first type of fun.
They're free plus shipping or a tripwire.
And the second type is what I call a self-liquidating offer where it's not a free plus shipping or low ticket.
It's more expensive on the front end.
So it might be a $100 product or a $300 product or you can go from there.
Typically for me, and again, there's always exceptions to every single rule, but typically for me, if I'm selling anything from like zero to $500, usually I'm selling down here through some of these funnels.
If I go above $500 and I usually transition to a webinar or some of the other funnels we're sharing throughout this training and then above that I go up.
And so that's kind of how I break things up in my mind.
If it's a sales funnel, I'm going from zero to maybe a couple hundred dollars.
And if I get above that, I'm probably gonna transition to like a webinar funnel or something else, okay?
All right, now before I show you guys some of the free plus shipping stuff, I wanna talk about just one thing that I shared during the other training, but I think it's valuable enough to kind of re-talk about.
So this is a concept I called 100 visitor test.
And this is something that we did this test a few years back and we tested it, not just on a hundred visitors, but I broke down the number so that if, you know, of the tens of thousands of people we ran through these different split tests, if you broke down to a hundred people, what would it look like, right?
So initially we had a product we were selling for $197 and we had spent a ton of time and energy and money writing a really, really good sales letter to sell that product, right?
And we started driving traffic through it and even though we had a really good sales letter and everything like that, we were only converting about 1%, which wasn't that bad, but actually it was pretty dang good for $200 product, but about 1%.
So for every hundred visitors we'd get, we'd make about $197, okay?
In a minute here, I'm gonna talk about cart value, but that's basically my cart value.
Every person that buys, I'm averaging $197 in sales, okay?
And so that was the first split test.
Now the second test we were running against, again, it was very similar, a hundred visitors coming in and from here, we were selling a free CD and it was completely free, but we just charged shipping and handling and then we upsold them the same $197 product back here.
Now what happened is that from doing this, we were getting a way higher conversion rate because it was free and it was this really cool thing and from that we got about 8% of the people to buy, so we got eight new customers in our funnel, which again, it was free plus shipping, so we didn't really make any money on them.
In fact, sometimes we lost money, but we now had eight customers who were coming through the rest of our sales funnel and then eight of those people went and saw our $197 upsell and because of the way the upsell scripts and everything I'm gonna show you today work, about 25% of those people were buying the upsell, which means we made twice as much money and we got eight times as many customers into our sales flow, okay?
And so for me, this is why I'm so passionate about free plus shipping or low ticket stuff on the front end because you can get so many more customers through and then the second thing is that there's so much more likely to buy the second product, okay?
You think about one of your consumers and somebody's coming to a website and they're skeptical and they're nervous and all these things, right?
And you convince them that, hey, just trust me, just it's free plus shipping, it's gonna be, cost you five or six bucks, we'll mail you this thing.
They're gonna, they may be willing to do that and they pull their credit card and they buy it and as soon as they've done that, even though they don't know this, subconsciously they have said yes, okay?
They've taken that, they basically, they've said yes, they've agreed that what you have is worth money and so the next product that comes up, they're already predisposed to say yes because they just said yes, they've already done all the hard work, they've already pulled their credit card out, all they have to do is just kind of be tipped over the edge.
I'm gonna show you that here in the scripting section in a minute but it doesn't take that much to push them over the edge for the second product and so that's kind of the power in it and so we're running some of the visitor's tests again, twice as much money, eight times as many front end customers just by kind of tweaking how we ran our sales funnel, okay?
Now these are very simplistic models and as you'll see, you can get really complicated.
You can have down sales, you can have multiple up sales, you can do a whole bunch of different things but this is kind of, at a core, this is kind of what a sales funnel looks like, okay?
So this up here is more like a self-liquidating offer, the top one and down here is more like a free plus shipping or trip wire offer and both of them work.
There's just different strategies behind them, okay?
All right.
All right.
A couple of questions, someone said, isn't free plus shipping more fulfillment effort?
Sometimes it is.
In fact, I'm gonna show you guys one of our free plus shipping offers.
So this is one that we launched earlier this year and this directly and indirectly, this free plus shipping offer has made me more money than probably anything I've ever done.
We took all of our split test winners, we took 108 split test winners.
I mean, I'm guessing most of you guys on this call probably have this book, right?
Who here has this book right now?
If not, it's free, you should all go get it.
Okay, cool.
Gary said this book is excellent.
Cool, Kim.
Oh, Kim Claver.
I read your book like 10 years ago.
Anyway, I appreciate you, very cool.
Cool.
So a lot of you guys have this book, okay?
Now, when we initially started creating this book, we put it together and we were gonna sell this as like $197 product.
Cause I was so proud of it.
I'm like, this is the greatest thing we've ever had, right?
That was my whole concept initially.
And then we launched it, excuse me, we hadn't launched yet.
And one day I came in and I was like, what if we just gave this away for free?
And at first we're like, no, like we've spent so much effort on this thing.
Like this needs to be out there and we need to be selling this.
But like, you know what?
If people have this in their hands, like what would that do for our relationship with a brand new customer?
A brand new customer comes in, we mail them this in the mail.
We don't try to trick them with continuity or anything.
We just give it to them.
They pay $10 and boom, they have this book in their hands.
Like what's that gonna do for the relationship with that customer, right?
I mean, almost overnight it changes everything.
Well, suddenly there's like, wow, Russell is different than everybody else.
He loves me, he gave me this entire, like this is better than most things I buy for thousands of dollars and I got it for free.
Can it change the whole perspective, the whole playing field of my relationship with my customer?
First off, second off, it's really fun to advertise like a free book.
Like there's so many cool ways I can advertise.
I can advertise on Facebook.
If I get on TV to say, hey, here's a free book, here's a free book, people will go and they'll buy your free book.
Like it's just a really cool, sexy way to drive ads and to sell things, okay?
And so that's kind of why I love doing a free book.
Now you can do this similar thing.
In fact, people always tell me, like, you know, if it's free book, just send me the PDF.
And a couple of reasons.
First off, I don't want to send you the PDF because I don't want you, because I need you to, I need to prove that the traffic I'm sending here that they're buyers.
Can I just give it to them?
But I don't know who are buyers.
I need them to prove that they're willing to pull their credit card out in exchange for more information.
So we make the barrier really, really low, but they have to pull credit card out, they have to type in their digits, they click order and boom, it now qualifies that person as a buyer.
And now it makes it so the upsell, downsell sequence, one click upsells, becomes super, super easy, right?
And so it's very, very important.
Now you can do the same thing with a $7 report.
My only thing is it's not, when it's a $7 report, I lose the power of free.
Okay, the word free is just magic.
Like as much as we think we're immune to it, none of us are immune to it, okay?
We say free and people are just like, oh cool, I'll try it because it's free.
And so I don't want to lose the power of free.
So for me, it's worth it for me to go through the headache of printing and shipping something in exchange for being able to use the word free.
Some of you guys might not be.
I look at Ryan Dice and those guys and they're not willing to, all their trip wires are all $7 offers and they like it that way and it works for them.
They're making great money as well.
So you can do it both ways.
I just personally love the power of free and being able to use that.
Now a book is a lot more work to put together than something else.
This is a company we use for fast stuff.
In fact, you'll see we have about five or six of these free plus shipping that are DVDs.
This company called discdeliver.com.
D-I-S-C-D-E-L-I-V-E-R-E-D.com.
So discdeliver.com and you go here, in fact, we have a coupon code.
When you sign up, you pay $50 to sign up.
If you put in a coupon code, the coupon code is just dot com secrets.
Spell that one word, D-O-T-C-O-M secrets.
It cuts that $50 down to $25, I think.
And after you do that, then basically, this is a print on demand CD and DVD company.
And so you send them your DVD, you send the artwork, and then when every time you make a sale, it pings, discdelivered, and then they'll mail it out to your person.
So you don't have to buy tons of inventory or anything.
You can do free plus shipping with a CD or a DVD.
Very, very easy.
Now we had built an integration with discdelivered on the original ClickFunnels.
I don't think the new editor has it yet, but it's definitely in the queue to build out.
So in the very near future, you'll be able to have it set up where somebody buys a free plus shipping from you and you work with this deliver.
As soon as the order comes through, it'll just mail.
It'll bill you the five bucks or whatever they charge you and they'll print it, ship it, and mail it out to your person.
So that's the tool for those who like the idea of free plus shipping, but don't wanna go and buy a bunch of DVDs or ship things or anything else.
Discdelivered works really good.
And they do, let me see, they do international as well.
So it's like, yeah, $5.95 for US or $6.95 for Canada or $7.99 for the rest of the world.
So they can print everywhere as well.
So that's kind of a shortcut if you do wanna do free plus shipping, but it's definitely worth looking at.
But again, you can do both you guys.
Whenever you feel more comfortable with it works both ways.
I've seen people build huge companies both ways.
I just tend to prefer the physical ones.
And I know I wanted, my other goal with this book, I was like, imagine if this book was on the desktop of every single internet marketer in the world.
And it was just there every single day and every day they sat down, they saw Russell's name.
How cool would that be?
Well, that was kind of my other, in fact, how many of you guys is it sitting on your desk right now next to where you're sitting?
Who can see it from where they're sitting at?
All right.
I see about 10 of you guys so far who said that it's all sitting on your desk right now.
Yeah, that was the whole concept behind it, right?
I want to be front of mind all the time.
As marketers, we're always trying to stay relevant.
And that's hard sometimes.
But if you create some amazing, cool front end things that are in front of someone's eyes all the time, that's cool.
You know, Ryan Dice and Perry Belcher in their survival market, they have a free front end.
They have these little credit card knives.
And I've probably, I'm holding right now, I got one in my hand right now.
Everyone in my office has one of these credit card knives on their desk.
Again, and every time I see this, I think about Ryan or Perry and their cool free credit card knife offer.
And so it's just the cooler, your little front end thing can be if it's physical, it's just awesome because they're going to have it and they're going to see it all the time and it's going to remind them of you.
If you don't have it, that's fine.
If you want to do digital, again, there's a lot of power in digital.
People love Kindle.
In fact, we have a high end, we have a $10,000 and a $25,000 mastermind group.
And we meet together three times a year and they came out last year and I gave them this really cool book.
It's like 300 page book.
It's like the size of a phone book and it's huge.
And I gave it to a bunch of guys and two guys gave it back to me and said, you know, I don't want to take this on the airplane.
Do you have a digital version?
And so some people still want the digital and there's value in that as well.
So I'm not saying don't do $7 stuff, it can work.
I'm just saying this is why most of mine are physical and you can figure out what works best for you.
Okay.
All right, so here's the original one.
Now this one we did not build in ClickFunnels and yesterday my project was to get this whole funnel into ClickFunnels.
And so right now I mostly just want to show off to you guys because I'm so proud of myself.
Cause I did this all by myself.
No techies, no nerd guys, no designers, Russell Brunson did this all by myself.
So I imported, well, I rebuilt it in ClickFunnels and check it out.
This is what it's looking like.
And I'm hoping to have this live next Monday or Tuesday, but this is the new version.
You scroll through, I think it looks even better than the old one.
Anyway, I'm really proud of it as you can tell.
So this is the new one.
And I did this all in ClickFunnels.
So there is the front end thing.
I'll scroll back up.
So there's the front end of my sales funnel.
And then here in this funnel, we have two upsells.
Our first upsell is our instant traffic hacks.
And so we sell this for $197.
So this is upsell number one, OTO number one, as you can see here.
And then I have upsell number two, which is our perfect webinar seven figure shortcut training, which is upsell number two at $297.
So that's kind of the funnel here for the DotCom Secrets Labs book.
And you guys should know that if you went through, back here in the members area, if you looked at hacking my funnels section, I went through and I showed you guys all the page and I kind of talked through the psychology on some of these funnels here.
But that's kind of basically this funnel here, right?
Okay, so again, the two types of funnels, free play shipping, self-liculating offers, tripwires, those are the first three over here.
All right, now, in fact, I'm gonna change the order because I wanna make sure we cover this here because this is a big piece of it that a lot of people don't get.
I'm gonna move this from down here because I wanna cover it first.
All right, it's average card value.
Now, when I first got started in this business, I got really excited about creating products and I created a product, I created another one.
And if you guys watched, in fact, most of you guys probably saw the initial training webinar where we sold funnel hacks.
I talked about how Mike Philstein told me about these cool things called OTOs, one time offers, right, upsells.
And I started adding them to our pages.
What's funny is we didn't have, back then, there was no such things like one-click upsells.
We had someone come, they buy the product, then they go to the next page, they have to refill the credit card again and every time they had to reprint in their whole credit card.
And even with that, we were getting 20 to 30% of the people who bought our first thing to buy our next thing, which I thought was the coolest thing in the world.
And so that was kind of the process that was happening here.
And so that literally transformed our whole entire business.
And what's interesting, in fact, let me sketch this out.
Wish you guys were all here at my office, we could sit in front of the whiteboard and do these discussions.
It'd be more fun, but we'll do it here with paintbrush.
It's almost the same.
All right, so what was happening was interesting, is we'd have our front-end thing here, right?
And we'd sell it, let's say it was a $27 product or whatever.
And we'd drive traffic, and so we would spend money on ads and we'd put a dollar in ads in and then out the back we would make like $2, right?
And it was working really, really good.
But the problem is that this is 10, 12 years ago before, I was one of the first people, I mean, I wasn't one of the first people, but there weren't as many people doing it.
We're now, more and more people are learning about it, it's becoming more competitive.
Facebook came out and it's this great platform, but then it's enabled more people to do stuff.
And so ad costs started going up.
And so what started happening is we'd spend the same dollar, but it would cost more.
The ad costs would go up, more competition, more things.
And instead of making $2 back here, it would drop to like 20 cents, right?
Like we would cut our profit like in whatever that is, the 10th.
And now we were losing, my every dollar we'd spend in, we only made 20 cents out and we were just bleeding money.
And so that's when Mike kind of came around and told me about these upsells where someone buys a $27 thing, now offer them an upsell, okay?
And he called them OTOs, one time offers.
So maybe an upsell of like $97, right?
Now what happened is all of a sudden, all of a sudden, I don't know how to race on this thing, I'm sorry, let's see.
I was gonna crop this out, boom, that didn't work.
Okay, I don't know how to use paintbrush, I'm sorry.
But what started happening was instead of putting a dollar in and getting 20 cents, now by adding this upsell in, boom, we got back to the point where we're putting a dollar in and we are making now $2, right?
So that was a big thing.
And then again, competition got bigger and things started changing, it got harder.
So we started adding maybe a second upsell.
And then that would give us back to the point where we were profitable.
And then we'd add like an exit pop.
And we started just adding different things and tweaking things around and stuff.
And so that's kind of the process of how this whole industry, this whole concept has evolved you guys.
But for most of you guys, in fact, today we had, I had a call with one of our new clients and we were working through their funnel.
And all they had was a $27 product.
And so the biggest problem is you only have a $27 product.
Like no matter how hard you try, every time you put a dollar in an ad, you're only gonna make back whatever it is, 10 cents back.
And so we need more products and we need to increase your average cart value.
So this is the keyword here I wanna share is average cart value.
And this is something I didn't know about this metric until we started doing our supplement.
And that was the first time somebody ever explained it to me and then after we did, we should have came back and started using it on all of our things.
Where the core metric we're looking for is our average, average cart value.
This is some more advanced stuff for you guys.
And again, if you're just getting started, you'll come back and this will make more sense later.
But for those who are more advanced, this is really important to understand.
So what average cart value means is for each person who buys this product, how much money are you making on average for that, for the entire cart?
Every time I share people this free plus shipping thing, they freak out, they're like, Russell, how in the world are you making money on that?
You charge $10 shipping handling, that book costs almost $10 a print.
Plus you gotta ship it.
So it costs me, and plus we're paying affiliates, at one time we were paying like $20 for every book they'd give away.
So it's costing me $40 for every one of these books that I gave away.
I was losing money, or maybe it's $30.
Whatever it was, I was losing $20 to $30 every time I sold a book.
And they're like, how in the world, you can't keep doing this, eventually you're gonna be broke.
But the reason why I could is because this was not the product.
The product for me is the entire cart.
So for me, the product is this, this and these three things, this sales funnel, this is my product.
And so what happens when somebody comes through this thing and they see the free book, and they see the $197 upsell here, and then the $297 upsell here, when they see those three things, that becomes my product.
And so for us right now, for every free book we give away, and it depends on the traffic source.
But I know on Facebook we were averaging like, I think it was Costing John who drives our Facebook ads like $10 to give away a book, and we were averaging $40 in sales from that book, just from this little sales flow, upsell, downsell.
Okay, so he put a dollar in, I got $4 back out.
Okay, and that's why this has worked so well.
That's why we keep doing it, and that's why I'm such a believer.
Because I lost money on this book, but because of the upsells, I made four times my money.
Okay, so the upsells are important, guys.
You need to have upsells.
So if you don't have those upsells yet, you can come back here to our fast product development class, watch this again, and it'll show you how to figure out where your upsell is gonna be and make a product for your upsell.
And just keep doing that process, because you need to have multiple products, or else it's really, really hard to compete in this business, you guys.
It's just the flat reality of it, okay?
All right, so hope that helps.
All right, so average cart value is something to be looking at, is for every $7 product I sell, or every free plus shipping, or every friend and product I sell, how much am I making in that cart?
And so you know that, okay, I'm averaging $30 cart value, or $50 cart value.
Now you know exactly how much money you can spend on ads.
Okay, everyone always, and we talked about this during the other training, like people always ask me, well, what should I know, what should my budget be, Russell?
Okay, and our goal is to build a funnel where you don't have to have a budget.
Well, you know that I make $50 every time someone buys, so I can spend $45, or $40, or $30 to sell a customer.
Okay, so that's how my mind's always thinking.
That's what I want you guys thinking as well, because we understand that, that's how you're able to create this funnel, get it in place, and then you know exactly how much you can invest in traffic.
And then you just go every single place, go to Facebook and see how much, see if you can acquire customers for under your average cart value.
Then you go to LinkedIn, then you go to Twitter, then you go to Google, try all these different places, and see if you can spend your money and make a profit on your funnel.
So that's kind of the game, and it's a super fun game.
All right, okay, so now let me come back through.
So we talked about the different types of funnels.
We talked about the average cart value.
Now I'm talking about the sales scripts, because depending on what you guys do, depends on what sales scripts you're gonna use.
Okay, so let me, click on that way too many times, it opened like 10 instances.
I was a PC guy forever, and I'm just transitioning to a Mac, and I'm still learning how to use it.
Sometimes I click too often, or I click on the wrong thing, so.
Now I lost paintbrush, sorry.
All right, so in a typical funnel, and I'm just gonna, for simplicity's sake, we're gonna do this, okay?
And obviously you can make it more complex, but for simplicity, we're gonna have some kind of front end offer, and you guys have one of two choices, either you can do, in your mind, think about this, either you wanna do like a free plus shipping, or like a trip wire, like a $7 thing, okay?
Or get it, actually, let me give you, you can do three, or you can do, like a more expensive, like, let's say SLO, which for me, SLO is like, you know, from $37 to $97, let's just say. $97, okay, so you have one of these three front ends here, and then from those front ends, you're in transition over here to an upsell, I'm gonna write OTO, one time offer, okay?
And your upsell, typically my upsell's like 10 times the price of my front end thing, so if it's $7, maybe about $100, and free, but you know, I like having, it depends on the market, some of the markets where you can't bear a higher price point, but I like my upsells to be as expensive as the market can handle, so $100, $200, $300, because I need to, again, I need to break even on my ad spend, let's just say this is $197.
Begin, you guys can plug in the numbers for whatever your market can bear, okay?
All right, so in a second, we're gonna click phones and build one of these things out, but first is like, when you're building these out, like, you have to have the assets that go on each of these pages, right?
Otherwise you got a bunch of pages that don't sell anything, okay?
And for a long time, I really struggled, like, knowing, like, how to structure the offers and how to write the copy and things like that, so I've tried to make it as simple as possible for you guys, and so, a couple things I wanna preface.
The first one is offer sequencing, okay?
In fact, I'll add that right here, cause it's a good one.
Okay, one of the biggest mistakes I see people do, and it's funny, cause I made this the same mistake recently, and so I keep making the same dumb mistakes too, but if you have a front end offer, when somebody comes and they buy that front end offer, they have some kind of pain, right?
So, like, for example, we'll just use this, for example, dot com secrets labs, right?
Somebody comes here and they see this book, and I'm telling them I'm gonna help them with their conversions, right?
I'm gonna give you a cheat sheet, you can just copy this, and all of a sudden, you'll magically know how to convert things.
People will see that and be like, wow, now I know, like, they have this problem about conversions, they buy the product, and even though that solution, that problem hasn't been solved yet, in their mind it has, right?
I bought the book, boom, conversions taken care of.
The worst thing you could possibly do, and I see this happen all the time, is on the second page here, is to sell more of the same thing.
Okay, I just sold the conversion thing right here.
If your upsell is like, hey, you just bought a conversion book, I got a four hour training on how to do conversions, your conversion rate is gonna be horrible on it.
Okay, in fact, that was exactly what dot com secrets labs was first.
It was a book on conversions, and we had a four hour training on conversions, and it makes perfect sense.
Everyone who wants conversions is gonna want more conversion stuff, and our conversion rate was like, it was embarrassing, like, I don't know, like, four or five percent of people bought the upsell.
And I was like, whoa, that was way off on that one.
Okay, so we had them change you, and now, the only time I've ever found where more of the exact same thing works, is in supplements.
Can I told you guys that on the initial training webinar?
For whatever reason, supplements, people buy three bottles of your supplement, they're gonna want four more bottles on the next page.
I don't know why, that's the only case I found with this, that is actually true.
In any kind of information products, you never want that to be the same thing, okay?
So for Docum Seer Labs, we tested probably 10 different upsells, and it was a nightmare because I went and recreated, like, every day I come in and look at numbers, I'm like, crap, it didn't convert again.
So we sit down and I'd create a whole new product, spent all day creating a new product, write a new copy, and I put the new upsell in, and it didn't work, and it didn't work, and it did again, and we kept doing over and over again.
And finally, on the fifth or sixth try, it worked.
And when it worked, I realized what I had missed, okay?
And I missed is the fact that when people had bought this, that pain they had for conversions, even though they haven't solved the problem yet, in their mind they have, because they bought the product.
Okay, if you're selling a weight loss product on the front end, you're showing some how to lose 10 pounds in 10 days, if your next product is how to lose more weight, it's not gonna do well, because in their head, you just solved that problem for them.
So the upsell has to be, what's the next logical thing they're gonna need?
Okay, and so for weight loss, if you just told them, I'm gonna show you how to lose a bunch of weight, the next logical thing might be like, okay, now that you've lost weight, now we're gonna show you how to build muscle, and this is my workout program, okay?
Or now you've learned how to lose weight, now I'm gonna show you how to eat right, so here's my cookbooks or something, okay?
But it's the next logical step.
So for me, this one started with conversions, then I transitioned to traffic, okay?
Logicals, like, so in fact, if you watch the video, it says, hey, so now that we got conversion taken care of, the next thing you need, now your site's converting better, now you just need more traffic to come in here.
So let me show you how I can double your traffic as well.
Boom, we sell our traffic hacks, okay?
Now I've solved the traffic, in the head, boom, traffic's taken care of, never need to worry about it again.
The next page, next upsell, now it's like, hey, so you got traffic, you got conversions, let me show you how to sell more expensive things.
Here's my sales program, and we transitioned to sales.
We started doing that, our conversion rate, we have from like five or 6% to like 20%, and then like 14% on the $300 one or something like that.
And now we have a funnel where, again, for every book we sell, we make 40, $45.
And now it's a funnel we can scale and we can grow and we can do a bunch of fun stuff with, okay?
So I want you to think about that as you're kind of mapping out what your offers are gonna be, is make sure that you're sequencing them right.
Okay, one of the biggest mistakes I made for years is, I used to just, I had a front end product, and I just pick a random, next product, and they were all random, there's no like rhyme or reason behind them.
And I found that the more, that if I can tie a connection between with a front end and by having the front, they need the next, and so on, that's when the conversions go really, really high, okay?
The other thing you don't wanna do, and I did this once, and I cannot tell you the backlash I got from it.
It lasted about a day until customers yelled at me and we pulled it off, but we sold the front end thing, and the next page was like, okay, the thing you just bought was good, but if you really wanted it to work, you need to have this as well.
And all that does is makes people angry, okay?
It makes them feel like you cheated them and it was a bait and switch and things like that.
So never do that, never say, the thing you just bought just isn't gonna work unless you actually have this as well.
It's gotta be more of like, the thing you bought, it's amazing, it's complete, it's full, and here's the next step, and this is how this is gonna amplify what you just bought.
Okay, if you make that argument, that's where you see the conversions, okay?
So we just went really deep into some sell stuff.
I hope that was all right.
So I give you guys, okay, Lucy said this is brilliant, good.
Good, all right, I appreciate that.
Some said, do you have any examples of physical products?
Yeah, so physical products, like, we have a Viagon, which is like our cold sore zapper, so people take the thing that zaps their cold sore, so that heals them from the outside in, right?
And the upsell now is like, hey, so when you have cold sore is breaking out, you put this thing on, it's gonna help get rid of your cold sore, but we can also help you from the inside out.
We have this really cool supplement that'll actually help you help the fight cold sore from the inside and its nutritional product.
So again, it's how are these different things working together, okay?
If you can kind of match that, that's how you make the sequencing.
Is that cool?
All right.
Kim said, who do we use for the physical book?
I don't have that, I don't know exactly who it is.
If you contact me or Brent or someone, we can connect you with the people we use for our physical books, for sure.
All right, cool.
So I'm gonna transition now.
Okay, so now I'm gonna transition to, now you know kind of the offer sequencing, because that's huge.
You guys offer sequencing is like 90% of it.
Now the next step is the script or the copy on each page in the sequence, because it's different.
And again, one of the tests we did at dot com secrets labs that was a failure was I used like my star story solution script as an upsell script and it completely bombed.
And I could not figure out why, cause I'm like, this is like my best script.
This script's maybe millions of dollars.
Why when I put it as an upsell script, does it make, does the whole thing bomb?
And I couldn't figure it out.
So let me kind of walk you through what these are, okay?
You see over here on the left-hand side, we got three core scripts you're gonna use for a sales funnel.
The first one's called the who what why house script.
Second one's called star story solution.
And third one's called OTO bump.
Okay, these are the three scripts I use for my for my sales funnels.
And that's about it.
I don't deviate from these.
There's other scripts that we have, but we don't use them for sales funnel.
These are only three that I use.
Okay, so the who what why house script, typically the who what why house script I use right here on free plus shipping.
And I might use it on a $7 depending.
Okay, and I'll tell you why here in a second.
So the red is who what why how.
Star story solution.
I'll make that one, make it orange.
Star story solution I always use.
This is our story solution.
I always use that right here for a self-liquid need offer.
And sometimes I'll use it here for a $7 offer.
Okay, and I'll explain why here in a minute.
And then third one is OTO bump.
The OTO bump.
I use that for OTO one and two and any other OTOs.
We just follow it.
We use that script over and over and over again.
Okay, so that's kind of how we use them.
So let me walk you through the scripts and then we'll explain why we use them for what offers over here.
Okay, let me see.
All right, here we are.
So who what why house script?
So this is like the most basic sales script in the world.
When I have a product that's like a complete no brainer, like my free plus shipping offers, for example, where all I have to do is say, hey, there's this really cool book.
You should go get it.
Like where it's really that simple.
This is when I use the who what why house script.
Okay, I learned this originally from John Carlton.
And he said that like whenever he has any ad, this is it, he answers these four questions in all of his ads.
And I thought, man, this is brilliant.
So I started using my emails.
I started using it on my landing pages.
I started using it a lot of places.
And so, but the place I use it the most is in my free plus shipping offers.
So this is kind of the concept.
You answer these four questions.
So number one is who are you?
So the first part of my video would be, hey, my name is Russell Runson.
Okay, that's who I am.
Number two is what do I have?
Okay, I've got this really cool book that's gonna show you a hundred and eight of my proven split test winners.
Okay, that's what this is.
And the third is why?
The reason why you need this book is if you've been struggling online and trying to figure out how in the world increase your conversions, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, then you need this book.
Okay, that's why they need it.
And then how can they get it?
To get this book, all you gotta do is pay $10 shipping and handling and we will print it, ship it out to you.
It's gonna be really awesome.
All you do is fill out the form on the side and this book will be in your hands in the next few minutes, or in the next few days.
So that's the core script.
Who are you?
Who are you?
What do you have?
Why do they need it?
How can they get it?
Now I've added a couple other things because these are amplifiers that aren't necessary but they help.
A lot of times with the free plus shipping thing, people think there's a catch.
So a lot of times I'll say, well, here's the catch.
There's no catch.
Urgency, having urgency to push them over the edge helps.
A guarantee is good and then recapping the offer.
So if you come back here to our Dotcom Secrets Labs offer, again, this video I go through Who What Why How?
So this first version of it is me.
I have the book, hey, this is Russell.
I just got the new ship in these books and I'm really excited.
This is why you need it.
This is how you can get it.
Go click on the button inside and I'll ship it out to you.
So Who What Why How is right here.
And then for this example, I don't always do this but for this one, I went through every single test in the book and I wrote a bullet point for every single test.
So I had this really long thing of bullet points.
You don't have to do that.
In fact, a lot of times I won't do that but I just wanted it for this one.
So I did.
All right, then down here, this is where I show you where I transitioned to the amplifier.
So catch, urgency, guarantee, recap.
If you look down here, here's the catch.
There is no catch.
I know some programs offer you something cool and then they stick you in a continuity program.
This is not one of them, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And I say there's no catch.
This is why I'm doing it.
So there's the catch.
Then I switch into urgency.
Okay, time is of the effence.
Essence, we only order 1,000 at a time, which we do.
The first batch is on 48 hours.
We pulled the page down.
It's right here right now but I don't know how long it's gonna be here.
So I go to urgency.
Then I transition into guarantee.
Even if you don't like it, just keep the 10 bucks.
Keep the book or I'll give you 10 bucks back.
You keep the book.
We'll part as friends.
There's my guarantee.
And then the recap of the offer is like my PS.
PS in case you just skim, this is what the offer is.
So that's kind of how I use the Who at Y house script.
Does that make sense you guys?
This is by far the easiest one.
So when I have a free plus shipping or something tangible I can show them, something that's really easy to explain.
Where it's like, hey, this is what it is.
You want it?
This is when I use the Who at Y house script.
Super easy, super easy to use.
And if you guys go into inception secrets, there's more training on the script as well as well as all these other scripts you can dig deeper into it if you want.
That's how we do that script.
Okay, who I have.
All right, so second script then is star story solution.
Now star, let's see.
So star story solution.
This is one that when you're selling a more expensive product or if the product needs more of a backstory to convince somebody that they need to buy it.
So that's why I say I always do it for like a self-liquidating offer.
Like a $37 product or $97 product.
Where I got to explain and kind of sell them on why they need this.
I use a star story solution script.
If the $7 report is not just like if it's something really simple and easy, I usually Who at Y house.
But if it's more complex than that and for them to understand what the product is in the sale and it's a little more complex, then I'll transition more to the star story solution script.
Okay, so that's kind of how that's when I'll use that.
And I'm not gonna go through all this right now because in the members area in inception secrets, I have a whole trading video that goes through this in a lot more detail.
But conceptually, this is the structure of most of the sales letters and sales videos you guys see online.
Okay, I remember at our last mastermind workshop, I shared this and went into a lot of detail.
And that's what the video, the members areas me teaching this.
I remember one of the guys afterwards, he raised his hand, he's like, man, it's good to know what you guys have been doing to me all these years because he saw, he's like, that's the script.
I've seen it over and over and over again and we use it because it works.
So star story solution, inception, it'll get a walk through everything.
This is kind of how it works.
And again, this is a framework you guys, you can tweak it a little bit and make it your own, but this is the framework we use.
Like if you look at some of my videos, I've had people who like, I watch your video wrestle and you didn't start with the pattern interrupt.
The answer is sometimes I do, sometimes I don't.
I don't follow it 100% to the T, but I do very, very, very, very close.
I'd say 95% of every single script I have is based on this and we follow it very, very close.
In fact, when we created this, that's what I did, I went through like 10 or 15 of our best sellers, there's ones that all made us over a million dollars.
When we mapped it out, I said, what are we doing?
What's the order?
What's the process?
And all of them followed almost identically this process.
So started with the pattern interrupt.
Okay.
And again, I have examples of everything in the inception secret members areas.
You can dig deeper this pattern interrupt.
We go into their core desire questions.
We agitate that person's past failures.
We make them a big, huge promise.
And then we introduce the star.
Okay.
A lot of people start with a video like, hi, my name is Russell Brunson and blah, blah, blah, blah.
Okay.
You don't want to introduce the start first because nobody cares who you are.
Okay.
They care about the problem they're having.
So we interrupt their pattern.
We talk about that their core desires are struggling with.
We then agitate the fact they've been trying to do this in the past, it hasn't worked.
We're making a big promise to them.
And now you introduce the star.
Hey, my name is Russell and I'm here to help you.
Okay.
There's the star.
Then we transition to the star's story, which is the process that they went through to get the answer, right?
To get what it is that these people are struggling with right now.
So the story starts in a point of high drama, transitions to a backstory, help them identify their problem.
And then depending on the cells that are either we taking through an epiphany or we help them to declare their independence.
If from there we show them the path to ultimate solution and the first signs of success, we talk about a conspiracy theory.
It's not their fault.
We find a common enemy and we blame them.
We show rapid growth in our own things.
We showcase studies of other people.
We talk about hidden benefits.
Then from there, we transition to the solution, which is your product.
And this is the first time you say, boom, here's why I introduced the product.
It's how much it cost me and how much pain it was to create it.
Now you get the easy way.
It's how much speed it's gonna go.
These are the benefits.
Social proof, make the offer, build the value, price, pleasure pain.
Anyway, I could spend three hours going through this.
I'm not gonna go through all the pieces with you guys right now.
I just wanted you to see that that's the script.
And when you guys are ready to write that script, come to the members area, click down here on inception secrets, log into your reception secrets account.
Right here, click on star story solution.
Boom, there's the video of me walking you through star story solution.
And in fact, there's two videos there.
So you have two videos, you can download the slides as well.
And you have for all of these scripts I'm talking about you guys here are all in here with more additional training.
So if and when you're ready for more, it's all in there.
So that's the star story solution script you guys.
And that's kind of when we use it, all right?
So star story solution goes there, there.
Now the next is the upsell, the OTO bump.
And this one, again, this is the key guys.
This is where I screwed it up on like my third mistake with the secret slabs.
The third time I read the upsells, I took, I rewrote the upsells as the whole star story solution.
Because I had what, who, what, why, how right here.
So I'm like, okay, I had that done.
Now let me go through the whole star story solution.
But I couldn't because some, again, they've already pulled their credit card out.
They've already invested.
The next yes is so much simpler to get.
And if you talk too long, if it takes too long, then you're gonna lose the sale.
And people will say no to you.
And so the second yes is a lot shorter.
Usually our videos there are like three to five minutes long.
And we're just trying to push them over the edge.
Okay.
And so that's why we use the OTO script, which is, so I can find it here.
Right here.
Okay.
So the OTO script, again, it's kind of goes through some stuff I talked about.
First is like, hey, congratulations.
You made a great decision by buying this.
Then we transition to like, I've got something that's gonna help you get results three times faster, twice as good.
You're really smart because you invested.
Let me ask you a question.
If you could do this and we would be taking through this really cool little process here, and that's it.
So it's a very simple, easy script.
Yet even though it's a simple, easy script, you can sell $197, $297 products with it.
Okay.
Because they've already said yes to the first friend at offer, now you just gotta kind of tip them over the edge.
Okay.
So hopefully that kind of helps you guys see the scripts and where they kind of fit in and how they work here inside of what we're doing.
Okay.
What I'm gonna do really quick is I think Todd is on here.
Hopefully.
So Todd, some of you guys may have met Todd already.
We're seeing him.
Hey man.
Oh, cool.
You're on.
Sweet.
Todd is the genius behind ClickFunnels.
Todd and Dylan are the two guys who have coded and created and done the whole thing.
And so I wanted Todd on here when I kind of went through the ClickFunnels stuff in case I screw anything up live.
I wanna make sure that he's here.
So how you doing Todd?
Hey man, doing good.
Doing awesome.
It's been very cool.
So Todd's in there right now.
As you guys find any bugs or errors, knocking him out and cleaning him up.
And he's adding tons of cool features.
And I wish we need to figure out Todd's place soon to kind of share with everybody like what's happening with ClickFunnels.
Cause there are some crazy new things that are close to being done that I think is gonna blow everyone's mind.
So yeah, absolutely.
There's been editor updates even in the past couple of days with new features that probably very few people even know about yet.
So we'll probably be releasing a blog that features all these different updates, new templates and everything.
Cause you'll see right now just things randomly show up that are new because we're not actually featuring them anywhere, but it'll be awesome once we get that started.
It's literally like, it's like Christmas for me.
Every time I log in, I start playing.
I'm like, oh, I know you could do that now.
I didn't know you could do that.
Like there's so many cool things that are always happening.
So it's like Christmas.
All right.
So what we're going to do is, let me make this a little bigger so we can see.
Okay.
All right.
So we're going to build the sales funnel out right now with you guys.
Now really quick on the left hand side of here, I kind of went through a couple of things.
So there's different ways to build out of sales funnel.
Sales funnel, obviously you need to have processing, right?
And so there's a lot of different options.
The easiest one by far right now is Stripe.
And if you guys haven't heard about Stripe, it literally takes like a minute to set up Todd or something.
It's like, yeah.
It's pretty fast.
If you already have an account, the integration with click funnels is instant.
You just click a button and log into your Stripe account.
It's done.
If you don't have an account, it's as simple as filling out basically your tax information for Stripe and they do instant approval on merchant accounts.
Think kind of like PayPal where it's all, there's not like a big credit check or anything to go through like a normal merchant account.
They're actually gonna vouch for you and approve you automatically.
And yeah, so it's very, very fast to set up and using.
The other cool things is like their fees are low.
For the most part, there's no reserve.
Like we sell, we do $25,000 transactions through them and we get the money two days later and there's no reserves or anything.
Yeah, that's what we actually use for click funnels too to accept payments as well.
So definitely they can handle the volume.
They've had no major issues at all.
They've got a lot of big companies and investors behind them.
So good option.
Yeah, so Stripe's awesome.
So again, pros of it, fast, easy, cheap.
The only real con right now is if you're using Stripe, inside of click funnels, there's no affiliate system that'll track Stripe sales for affiliates.
And I think that in the near future, we're coming out with some cool stuff that'll have some abilities to do that.
Todd, what's the best?
I know that there's one, if they're using Stripe and they want an affiliate program, there's a couple of cool ones out there, isn't there?
Yeah, we actually have training in the support area now on using LeadDino with Stripe.
It integrates with Stripe as well, and it basically can track all your different purchases that happen inside of click funnels through Stripe and handles all the affiliate payouts and does all the stuff that you would expect from a full blown affiliate platform.
There's other platforms you could use and integrate as well, like HazOffers or Cake, but those are more high end options at least.
But LeadDino's cheap.
I think it's $50 a month to get started.
So you can definitely use it as an option as well.
Cool.
So there's Stripe.
Next one, ClickBank integrates really, really well with click funnels.
Also, if you use Infusionsoft, if Infusionsoft integrations work now, I know we're also adding Entroport.
Braintree.
Yeah, Braintree's another one.
And PayPal.
And this is really cool.
So PayPal actually bought Braintree, and Braintree has great APIs and integrations similar to Stripe.
So what it's gonna allow us to do is actually give people access for one-click upsells through PayPal that work just like they do with Stripe in our system.
So it'll be very, very fast and easy instead of just like Stripe, and you'll be able to get going in no time.
Oh, that's cool.
That's really cool.
And then another option that's not...
So the ClickFunnels team, the same guys that built out ClickFunnels like Todd, we built out a shop called Backpack.
It's probably another six months or so before we launch that, but that'll be coming in the future someday.
So for you guys, first off, it's kind of like how you wanna process payments.
Stripe's by far the easiest and the fastest, I think.
ClickBank's amazing if you're in digital products, if you've got physical products, if you're already using Infusionsoft, keeps, you know, stick with it, if you're using Entrepreneurs, stick with it.
So it kind of depends on what you're doing.
If you're just brand new, I'd recommend Stripe or ClickBank.
If you wanna, you know, so that's kind of what I would do, but we're gonna, for this demo, kind of show Stripe.
Now I already have Stripe and my account, Todd.
If they don't have Stripe, do they go in their account to set up initially?
Yep, they just need to go to my account and then settings, and then payment integrations on the left side.
And right there where it says disconnect Stripe, instead of that, it's gonna say connect Stripe.
And you're gonna click the button and log into your Stripe account.
And if you don't have the Stripe account, it'll give you an application to fill out.
It'll automatically approve you with Stripe and connect the account.
Cool.
Now Stripe, the only other negative thing about Stripe is it doesn't work in a lot of countries, right?
So there's not a lot, some countries.
So if you're in a country that doesn't accept Stripe, you can probably try to click Bank or one of the others.
Correct.
Cool.
That's cool.
All right, so we connected Stripe first.
Now I'm gonna go and create an actual sales funnel.
Let's click on create funnel, call this.
What should we sell today?
We should sell...
Actually, we do this.
I'm gonna find something cool on YouTube.
We're gonna sell.
It's gonna be more fun.
Yeah, let's see.
We'll sell...
How about an iPhone 6?
All right, this is iPhone 6 funnel.
All right, cool.
Okay, so we'll call this funnel iPhone 6 demo.
Okay, so create the funnel.
Hopefully this part is kind of second nature to you guys.
Hopefully you guys have been playing with this over the last few weeks.
If not, it's time to start playing and having some fun with this.
Okay, so now I got my squeeze page, sales page, order form, order confirmation, thank you page.
So I'm gonna, because we talked about opt-in funnels before, I'm not gonna worry about squeeze page.
I'm just gonna delete it right now.
But typically I'm still gonna have a squeeze page in my, I don't know, I'll just leave there.
So I'm gonna go to sales page first.
So first thing I'm gonna pick a template I like.
It's funny, like my favorite thing to do now is just start with no template and build from scratch.
So I'm not gonna do it today.
We'll just do an easy one.
So I'll pick this one right here.
After you start getting good with the editor, you guys, you'll become so obsessed with the templates you don't even wanna use them.
You'll just come there and delete everything and then start from scratch.
Like that's really what I do now.
So fun.
All right, so Todd, should I add the products in now first or should I edit the page first?
So usually the way I like to do it is I go ahead and create the order form next.
So I go to the order form step and I pick one of the templates.
If I'm accepting addresses, I might pick the big one on the left.
If I just want email address and credit card number, then the one you just clicked is perfect.
Then I can go to products and slash sales.
This only shows up on the order form page, right?
Product sales.
Sorry, this is only an option when you get on the order form page or an upsell page or a downsell page.
So yeah, now you click add product there.
Okay.
And it's going to load up.
Right now it's pulling in any subscriptions that you have, subscription plans inside of Stripe or Infusionsoft or Backpack.
And here you can just name your product that you're gonna be selling.
And this is gonna be what shows up to the user who's buying.
Okay.
And then you're gonna click the type of billing integration that it is and you're gonna click Stripe in this scenario.
And if it's a one-time payment, you're gonna go ahead and put the price in there that you wanna charge people.
How much do I have on six costs right now?
Good question, maybe $600?
Okay.
I'll give a deal with five, five, give me a five.
We're gonna get a kind of one.
So then you've got your subject.
So this is your fulfillment email.
So this is what goes out to people who purchase, right?
So here you can put in anything you want.
You can customize it and design it however you'd like.
But that link right there where you see product thank you page, that's gonna be automatically swapped into the link to the order confirmation for whatever the person purchased.
So that's just kind of a tag that gets swapped in automatically.
Here down the next step, thank you page.
You can actually here configure it where they would get access to a member's area in any of your other funnels or this member's area in this funnel.
Or you can have it just go ahead and automatically create a thank you page, which is the default option that it was already selected.
So it's just gonna create a new thank you page for us and then we can customize it later.
Email integration trigger.
This is actually a new feature that we haven't talked about.
But this is gonna basically trigger a integration with MailChimp or Aweb or any of the APIs when someone purchases.
So for example, you can even use go to webinar and automatically opt them into a webinar series on go to webinar when they purchase.
Oh cool.
So you can do, yeah, I don't know if you've actually used this feature, we added this maybe a week or two ago.
So yeah, that's definitely, it's basically the same options that you'll see inside the editor only.
It works with product purchases.
Cool, so like that way some buys boom out of my Aweb or customer list or whatever.
Correct, yeah, correct.
And then we also do have those shipping fulfillment options I caught you mentioning earlier about disk delivery.
Those are on here, so those.
That is working now.
Yep, correct, and that's just stuff that you've got to get from disk delivered, those details there.
There's a document I think in the help section about how to get that information inside disk delivered.
Same thing with Kanaki.
Kanaki works the exact same way as disk delivered.
You just have a few different options that you're gonna actually have to fill out, username, password, and then the number of the product that's being built and that's being shipped out automatically.
So, okay, so you guys get that.
So basically if you do the free plus shipping at disk delivered like I showed you earlier, then you can just go take that.
Disk delivered will give you an account number, disk deliver API key, and then a SKU for that DVD.
Now, put some in biases, it'll let disk delivered know, they print their DVD and boom, they ship it out to the person and that's been fulfilled.
That is awesome.
And one thing I wanna show real quick, up here in Stripe Integrations, there's subscription or there's one time.
So if it's a one time sell, you can set it right here inside of ClickFunnels.
But if it's like a continuity subscription, you actually have to log into your Stripe account instead of there, right?
Is that how it works?
So inside Stripe, you'll have the ability to create subscription plans and different recurring scenarios that you can have.
And this is going to, if you click that subscription radio button there, Russell, you'll see, I'm not sure if your account has any subscription plans that it already, but okay, yeah, it does.
So you can just click one of these and here it's gonna subscribe them to that subscription plan inside Stripe.
Now Stripe doesn't have limitations, they're just ongoing subscriptions forever until someone cancels.
So we added an option where you can actually limit it so you could create a payment plan this way.
So you could create a subscription in Stripe that's say $97 a month, and then say after three payments cancel it.
So that would be a three pay payment plan in that example.
That's awesome.
So there's kinda cool little way you can make those subscription plans into payment plans.
Very cool.
All right, this I'll do one time offer.
And, okay, so now my product's in there.
Clear your amount, get cleared out, sorry.
Whatever you change the subscription, it cleared it out.
There you go.
Okay.
All right, so that makes sense you guys.
So I just created the product that's gonna be built on the order form.
Yep.
Now, if I wanna add an upsell, so let me do that quick, so I'm gonna add a new page.
Yep.
Call this OTO number one.
All right, so when I create a new page, you guys see it drops them down here.
You pick your template now.
Switch, oh, sorry, switch the category there to OTO page.
Or if it was a downsell after an upsell, there's also an option for that.
You'll see down there, so OTO page.
Yeah, so you guys see that right there.
So right now by default makes an opt-in page, but I don't want an opt-in page, I want an OTO page.
So I'm gonna scroll down, find OTO page.
It'll warn me, I say yes, then it pulls in the OTO templates.
I'll go and just click on the template I wanna use.
Now on here, well, let me see, first off.
So first now it's still down here, and the extra page, and I wanna move it up into the funnel.
So I click down here on add to funnel, and then it'll pop it up here to the funnel.
And one of the reasons we do that automatically too is so you don't break a live funnel by adding an OTO page that's not set up yet.
People also hit weird page, like what's happening?
OTO page, so I'll grab it, and I'm just gonna pull up.
So after the order form, I wanna see the OTO right there.
So now I got squeeze page, sales page, then the order form, I'm gonna give me a credit card, and then boom, it's the OTO.
And this is where the one click upsell is gonna be on.
So said that probably come here, you're gonna product sales, right?
Yep, do the exact same thing we just did, only this time it's gonna be an OTO product.
So somebody buys an iPhone, and they need what?
Like iPhone cases, right?
Actually so, and I think they charge like $50 for those, so I'm sure that's a good profit.
I'll give like a pack of 50, so I'll do it.
It'll be $1,000 of straight cases.
All right, but you see that's the point, boom, credit product, now I've got the upsell product.
Cool, okay, now I'm gonna come back, so really quick.
I'm gonna, we're gonna edit our stuff, I'm gonna go fast.
We did such a long demo the other day on the editor, I'm not gonna spend a ton of time on it, but I just wanna show you guys like, how to connect the order buttons and things like that.
And I'm not gonna lie, I wanna put in this iPhone video.
So this will be my sales video.
And most of my sales videos you guys, just so you know, I use, there's Wistia for some, but I use YouTube for a lot of our videos, and when I do them in YouTube, you can save it so that they're, what's it called?
So it's unlisted, that way people can't see it, but I can put it in here to become the sales video and the bandwidth is free.
Cause Wistia, like our Wistia bill is crazy expensive, like three or four grand a month, where YouTube's completely free.
So I just put the sales video in YouTube, okay, click the button right here.
Now all the order buttons, this is something cool that I learned, tell if I'm wrong Todd, but I come over here to like, when someone clicks on this button, what I want it to do, I click right here, URL action, and this little tic-tac-toe side, click on it, and it says, what do you want to do?
Submit pop-up, submit form, scroll section.
Next URL actually.
That one of them?
Actually it's not showing up for you right now, which I'm not sure why, but.
So you're thinking probably the OTOs actually.
So on the OTOs you have a yes link and a no link, and those are the hot links.
So you can actually link this to the page, to the next page that you want it to go to.
I should have wanted to go back out.
Let me be just, that may be an issue with this template, I was supposed to pull in the next page, but not quite sure why.
So normally it will, so since it hasn't, what I'm gonna do, just so you guys, so you can see it.
So if you have any issues, as you know you can contact support, but the other thing you can do, is just hard-code it in.
So let me find my funnel. iPhone 6 funnel.
Okay, so the order form page is right here.
So I can just go out here directly and grab the order.
This is the page, the order form, the link.
Then I can make that button go here.
Straight to it.
Now it's gonna click on that.
It takes a quick testing and everything as well, so.
Cool, and I can also change the link here if I want, this is another button.
Oh cool, dealing out of this.
So this is the new feature you guys, they were talking about now, it's there.
So I can make it so that text links now, that they open a new window.
You can change the color on a link, if you wanna make the link pink for some weird reason.
Don't do that, but there you go.
So that's a new feature too, sweet.
All right, so now the order buttons go to the order form.
I can save it.
All right, now I'm gonna come back here.
So now I'm gonna edit the actual order form.
Now I'm gonna edit the actual order form.
Okay, now in the order form, is it already working right now, or do I need to connect anything to make sure it works?
Or how does that, what happens next?
No, this is automatically good to go with Stripe.
There's nothing you have to do at all on here.
You can show them here that there's three different types of elements that you can put on an order page, and their product options, which is automatically gonna pull in the different products that you have listed for this order page where we added them a minute ago.
So where we had the iPhone.
If I would add iPhone 6, iPhone 5, iPhone 4, they'd have those options to choose.
Correct, and you would just, the person purchasing would just select which one they wanna purchase, and it would automatically have that on there.
And the next element is the actual credit card information here, well the email field, but the credit card information is specific to order pages.
And then there's one more element.
If you wanna press the plus sign there to add another element, it's not really needed for this page, but you can do an order summary.
So an order summary can actually be added down at the bottom, which is just recapping what they're actually purchasing.
And on a longer, more complex order page, sometimes you can want that on there, but for this one, you may or may not, it works fine without it.
Very cool.
So basically that works now, right?
Yeah, it's been over.
Awesome.
Okay, and obviously I would change out the logos and design and everything like that, but I just wanna make sure I see that connected.
And you can even open it up and see it live immediately if you wanna click the preview link here.
The button should pop up and you should see.
There it is.
So if you guys wanna buy iPhone 6 for 599 bucks, this is the page to get it from.
Tell you what.
It probably won't be shipped to you, but hopefully.
All right, so I'll do a couple more things.
So OTO one, so I wanna make sure I got one click up, sells working right.
So again, got edit everything, but then the core is here's this.
So do I need to do anything now to this?
If you click this add to cart, here's where I was talking about a second ago with the yes link.
So you can actually make any link on this page, be your button to do the purchase.
By default, the add to cart button is gonna be the link that they click to purchase, but you could change it to be a text link, delete that out, move it around, do whatever you want.
Just as long as you change the URL action back to yes-link and that will automatically become a purchase link whenever the page goes live.
If you guys ever get to the URL action, you can't figure out what the link is, just type in the tic-tac-toe sign, move it and it pops up all of the options there, which is kinda cool.
Yeah, it looks like that yes-link one's missing from this one, that's what I was...
Okay, well we'll add that soon.
We'll get that on the list, I'm not sure why it disappeared.
And then the other option for the no-link, so if you're using an upsell and there's no downsells or anything, so it's not a more complex flow, you really can hard code the link to the no thank you page to wherever you want it to go, but if you wanna use it with downsells, you'll wanna go ahead and have it set like it is right here where it's no-link.
And these are the defaults on the templates, so unless you go in there and change things, it's gonna have this already, but yeah, so that's the no-link, so if you click that, it would reject the purchase and take them to their order confirmation page.
Awesome, or the next upsell if you had another upsell.
Yeah.
All right, let me come out of here now.
Okay, now you wanna talk, excuse me, explain, cause I don't order confirmation pages, we were here debating this one we created, but you wanna talk about kinda what that is so people understand what that piece of the puzzle is, cause it's not in every other system, but I think it's important.
Right, yeah, so the idea here was that you give a thank you page, it's more of a receipt page, so you give them links to their members area to different download pages.
If you're having a funnel with multiple products in it, you really wanna give people the ability to have a place to go back to and see links to all those products.
If you've ever bought through ClickBank, you'll know exactly what this is, this is the exact same thing they give.
They give you a link to the main product you purchase, the upsell you purchase, the other upsell you purchase, the members area, all in one place.
And those links to access the purchases in our system can either be members areas where they click the link and it's gonna automatically let them register their account in the members area, or you can actually have it a thank you page, like we set up here.
So you see down here at the bottom, Russell, we have those two thank you pages that were automatically created for our iPhone 6 and our iPhone 6 cases.
So there's two more steps here that we're gonna wanna do, we're gonna wanna pick a template for these.
So they actually have a thank you page with the details of, hey, your shipment's on its way, here's supports contact information, if you have any questions, anything like that, that you actually wanna give them along with the basic receipt that the order of confirmation had.
Cool.
So that's important, you guys, because before we started doing this, something to buy our product, our upsell, our downsell, and then they come to the thank you page and we're like, what do you put on the thank you page?
You put all the products, just the first one they buy, it was always confusing and this confirmation page has made it so much easier for us, we love it.
And it actually was a pain with most of the systems out there to do smart logic, right?
So if they didn't buy the iPhone 6 cases, we don't wanna say anything about the iPhone 6 cases on the thank you page.
We only wanna say something about the iPhone 6, but if they bought both, this'll handle that, it'll show them links to the thank you stuff for both of the products that they purchase.
Yeah.
And how do I?
You got a multiple product funnel with five or six, it's really important.
Yeah.
Now the order confirmation page, it automatically pulls in the thank you page we set back here on the product, right?
It does, yeah, it automatically pulls that in.
And if we had to set that to a member's area, it would have automatically handled the secure access link to give them access to the member's area securely, which handles all the access.
So we come back here, guys, if you remember when we set this up, down here below, when we set the thank you page, that'll automatically be embedded into that order confirmation page.
So whichever one you picked of all your pages.
Yeah, and it automatically by default creates a brand new one.
So if you don't pick one, it will create one for you anyway.
That's cool.
And then down here on this page, I would edit this page and say, thanks for the iPhone 6, congratulations, this one, thanks for the iPhone 6 cases are coming any day now, and that's kinda how that would work.
This thank you page, this is an extra where I can probably delete, right?
Yeah, that one you can actually remove, this not needed in our case.
Cool.
Does it matter if the thank you page is down below or do I need to pull them up into the funnel?
Nope, it doesn't matter actually.
I like leaving them in the extra pages because we really don't need the stats on those for like the funnel view.
The order confirmation page tells us the actual purchase anyway.
So I like to just leave them there personally.
But you could move them up, it wouldn't hurt anything.
Cool.
Okay, couple of other questions I have for you then.
So now I've gone through, I built this whole entire thing out and it's done.
In Stripe, I think there's a way that I can like do tests, right?
Without actually paying money, see if my whole process worked.
So there is, if you go right here to the gear icon up in the top right on our, sorry, not that gear icon, but that one.
Yeah, the funnel settings, you can click that and we have a button down here for test mode, which that's a really weird checkbox for some reason on your browser.
But it's because I blew my page up really big, so it's like, oh, it's a checkbox.
It looks normal if it's small.
So we check that box and then hit update funnel.
Okay, all right.
That's what should look like.
So click on that and then update funnel.
Update funnel.
And you see, I'm sorry, there's a note right there about the credit card number that you can use to actually test purchases with.
So you can copy that.
So you have it ready for doing a test purchase.
It's, if you wanna copy it, probably easier than me counting the number of 42s.
Stripe has it in there like, was that 16 times?
Yeah.
Okay.
So again, so this is a fake credit card for me to test my order.
Then go to the order form page, I'm guessing, right?
Yep.
And I like to do these tests in incognito personally, just that way you don't have cookie issues or anything with the order confirmation pages, right?
So the order confirmation page is going to have a hard code for the person's receipt at the end of it, but it also cookies the person.
So that way if they come back to it, they're still gonna have the proper receipt information on there, so it's nice if you're testing to go ahead and open up a new browser window like this.
So if you guys are incognito, it's kind of like it's underground one that Chrome gives you, it deletes all the cookies and it's awesome.
So the way you do that, you would just, if you're in Chrome, you'd right click on little arrow and then say open in incognito window, and that's where you put in the order.
And all the browsers have this, some of them call it privacy mode or whatever, but it's really good when you're doing tests on anything, on any platform, it's good to use.
I'm pasting my big credit card number.
Do I need to put in CV2 or anything else?
Anything for CV2, I'd one, two, three, and then an expiration year in the future, or date at some point, and should be able to click complete order now.
It'll say submitting and it verifies that their email address was correct there, that's why it's highlighted in green.
And boom, it took me to that one time offer.
And if I clicked on this without work as well?
Yep, now you should automatically be able to click that add to cart, and they're inside this session, you can see in the URL up there that it's got that weird string up there at the top, and that's telling the system that you are part of an active cart session, so you can just click that one link to purchase and add it to your order.
Click them, nothing's happening, I wonder if that's, sorry, I might've messed up the thing.
Try it one more time, I'm not sure, the link looks right down there, but.
This is why you guys, you always test your funnel before you start driving traffic, absolutely, in case we just did something wrong that we missed here.
So that's why I wanted to show you guys on purpose because it's very important, I can't tell you how many times people come back to like, I started driving traffic and it's not working, I'm like, would you test it first?
Like, no, you should always test it, we always, when we launch any new project here, we always test by multiple times just to make sure it's gonna work, make sure there's no issues, because that's the worst thing in the world, to spend money on traffic and something breaks, right?
Be able to see if I screwed up something?
Yeah, let's see if we made sure we have that text right on it.
All right.
I re-typed that, I re-typed it wrong.
Let's see, yes, link, that looks correct.
Open it up here and take a look as well.
Maybe this template too, this is one of our new templates that Dylan just added for the philology, so this is a brand new template.
Anyway, if you guys run the issues like that, hopefully you know this at this point, our support is the best in the world, and just let our support know, click on the little help button, and walk them through it and they'll make sure the template's fixed or whatever, so we'll get this one fixed you guys, but just so you know, that's, if and when you run the little template bugs like that, just let us know, don't fret.
All right, a couple other questions people are asking in here, is if they wanna do like Stripe or Infusionsoft, whatever, obviously we're not gonna go to every single thing, but how can they do that?
So first thing I would say is, we have a good documentation on all of these.
If you click on the little question mark, you come over here and, pay integrations, integrating with Stripe, integrating with PayPal, integrating with ClickBank, and Infusionsoft, so you click on any of these, it'll have, we have really good help box, like, you can integrate Infusionsoft on payments, here's how you do it, boom, it walks through all the steps, what you need to do, your API keys, and so everything we kinda showed you that did it for Stripe, it's very similar in all of them, it's just a little bit different, like instead of putting in the Stripe stuff, you're putting in Infusionsoft key, and then after that, it's very, very similar.
And so that's kinda what I would do, is if you're using different payment options or different things, instead of us going through, so we could spend the next six hours going through every possible type of payment system, but instead, come right here, click on the question mark, find your payment system, and in there, they'll have instructions, and if you still get stuck, then you can contact our support, and someone on that side can help walk you through and make sure you've got it all set up and run in.
Good questions.
Someone said, when do you think the PayPal is gonna be available, Todd?
That's actually coming up really soon, hopefully in the next week or two, we're definitely aiming by the end of the year.
It's actually combined with Braintree, the way it works.
Since PayPal purchased Braintree, that's the way they've enabled it to do all kinds of cool stuff, so you will need a Braintree account in order to use it, but yeah, it's definitely gonna be pretty soon here.
We're doing some final testing with it to make sure everything's gonna run smoothly, and there's no little tricks or anything that are gonna come up, but yeah, looks good.
It's cool, yeah, I know.
Braintree's coming out soon, of course, coming soon.
We got a bunch of big updates coming up soon, you guys.
In fact, just from our side, we just hired on two brand new developers to help just speed up the process, and anyway, it's exciting.
I know that you guys, the feedback from you guys have been amazing.
Successors were seeing how many funnels are being created.
Just, it's insane.
And I keep seeing all these funnels popping up all over the place, that people that don't even know we're using it, that it's just so much fun to see.
So, excuse me, anyway, I appreciate you guys being on this, and Todd, thanks for jumping on as well, and kinda walking us all through it as well.
Hopefully, it gives you guys some understanding of how to connect all those pieces, right?
If you want more information on how to edit the page, and stuff like that, go back to the earlier training, where we spent a lot of time going through setup of the pages and things like that, and again, if you ever get stuck along the way, guys, just contact our support, and we are here to help you to make sure you don't have any issues, and always do a test by, like, we just did before you go and purchase anything.
So, Russell, it looks like it's something with your account.
I just went ahead and remade it real quick in mind, and it works fine.
I think it's because you have the backpack integration that is Super Beta, the one of our custom shopping cart platform plugged in, so it's pulling in some stuff from that that's kinda messing it up.
Do you want to log into my account real quick?
Or here, let me give you the URL for...
You want me to just post the screen over to you?
Yeah, we can do that.
Yeah, let me do that one's thick.
Sorry about that, guys.
All right, so you should have the screen now if you want it.
Let's see if I can get it to show my whole screen.
It's active enough.
There you go, we can see it.
All right, you see the whole thing?
Yeah.
All right, so let's just do something there.
All right, so this is the same page.
I didn't use the same product names, but we have the order form, the OTO page, the order confirmation page, and two thank you pages, which I have not actually picked out, but for the same thing, we'll come in here and we'll just do a test of $1.
It runs through and it does the order processing.
And now you've got these buttons automatically pulled in.
So we've got a no thanks link, which will just skip on straight to the order confirmation page, or if we click add to cart, click add to cart.
And it takes you here to the order confirmation page, and this is that receipt page that we were talking about a second ago.
And from this, you've got the links to the two thank you pages, which are both not actually set up, but you can click those links and go to the access thank you page.
And like we said, you can have that plugged in with some membership area, so they can click that and have access to the secret membership area so they get their account created securely that way as well.
And that's basically all there is to get the whole sales funnel up and running with Stripe.
That's awesome.
Oh man, I'm excited.
And yesterday guys, I didn't have any calls or training or anything, so I spent like three or four hours just doing nothing but rebuilding out the dot com secrets labs funnel.
I don't know about you guys, but it's like so much fun.
It's all I wanna do.
Like I don't, it's just so much fun to do it and put it all together and then connect and then go do the test buy and then see if it works.
If it works and it's like, all right, let's go, let's go drive traffic and see what's gonna happen.
It's so much fun.
The one last thing I wanna mention too is after you've done your test buy, make sure to go back in and turn off.
Oh yes.
Test buy mode.
Otherwise you start driving traffic and no money will be collected.
Yeah.
You definitely don't wanna leave it in test mode, so yeah.
Yeah, very cool.
All right, well, thanks for talking to me, Nani.
It's been on for, we've been on for almost an hour and a half and so we're probably gonna break right now, but we appreciate you guys jumping on.
I will try to get this replay up as quick as possible.
Hopefully over the weekend, if not, it'll be up first thing on Monday for sure.
And I get, if you have any other questions that we weren't able to answer while we're on here, please just contact support and they can help walk you guys through it as well.
So thanks everyone and thank you Todd again also for being on here as well.
And have a great weekend everybody.
We'll talk to you guys all again.
I think our next training is on Monday, I believe.
So look for an email for me on that.
We may move that date a little bit, but anyway, I'll keep you guys in loop on what's happening for the next training coming up.
And that's about it you guys.
So thanks everyone, thank you Todd and we'll talk to you guys all soon.
Awesome, thanks man.