Hey, this is Russell Brunson and I'm going to welcome you to the Instant Traffic Hacks Members Area. Now, inside the Members Area, we've got a whole bunch of really, really cool stuff. I want to show you kind of how to navigate through this. But before we do, I want you to understand that Instant Traffic Hacks is not like your typical Members Area. I consider this a living, breathing type membership site because we're always adding a new training, new content. When we find out that something no longer works, we always delete it and pull it out of the Members Area and we replace it with what is working. So I recommend coming back and checking out things often. When new advertising things are coming out, like I said, it will keep adding them in here. So this is a site and a resource that you'll be able to use for the rest of your life. Now this is what the Instant Traffic Hacks Member Area looks like over here on the left-hand side are all the different training modules. We go over media buying, Facebook, traffic, solo ads, a lot of solo ad stuff. We drive a huge percentage of our traffic from there. We have SEO stuff. We've got pay-per-view. We keep adding different sections and things like that. We also have some resources you can use and you can also click on the Notes tab and take notes while you are going through the training. So that's kind of what it is. My biggest key for you guys is figure out which traffic source you want to focus on first. Like let's say it's Facebook and come in here and really study this in Mastery and go and implement it and use it until you get it to work before you move on and add a second stream and a third stream. Common mistake that our clients use is they try to add all of them at once. So it's obviously a lot smarter to pick one traffic stream at a time and to focus on that until you've mastered it and then move on to another one and so on and so forth. But again, this is a living, breathing members area. We'll keep continuing to update it and add more stuff and we'll put things no longer working because as you know, traffic is always changing. So again, this is Russell Brunson. Thank you so much for joining Instant Traffic Hacks and we hope you enjoy all of the training.