Well, like politicians, I think every executive, every manager, everyone in a corporate, bureaucratic hierarchy has career capital. If he's able to use it, that is, invest it wisely, it multiplies, and as dividends, produces increased influence, promotions, raises, and unshakable security. If he squanders it, it diminishes. When such a person says yes to you, he is investing some of his career capital. He may not enunciate it as such to you or even to himself consciously, but he nevertheless senses that this is what's going on. When you understand all this, you see that the sale of even the most sophisticated, complex business product or service, supported with mammoth analysis, statistics, logic facts, and figures will still require the triggering of an individual's personal emotions. Now one of the bullet points or highlights of your seminar listed in your brochure is, I quote, the most significant behavioral trend of the 90s that sales professionals must deal with. What is it? We are a nation of cynics. Richard Nixon taught us to a man that our elected president will look a square in the eye and lie to us through his teeth. At the time, it was a big shock to our entire society. Now the idea that our elected officials lie, cheat, and steal is accepted as the norm. It's so accepted that Chicago cheerfully reelects Dan Rostinkowski that our country elects Bill Clinton, a man who's never seen a lie he won't try. We've learned we can't trust our religious leaders either. From the fall of Jim and Tammy and Jimmy to the Catholic Church's shameful pattern of protecting child molesters, there's disillusionment everywhere. How about big corporations? Well, Exxon trying to cover up the extent of the Valdez damage, airlines going bankrupt, giants like IBM once the equivalent of guaranteed job security for life laying off thousands and eliminating thousands of jobs. As I'm recording this, we have very big companies like MetLife caught up in the kind of consumer fraud actions that historically have been the province of fly-by-night operators. Heck, we've even had a network news program rigged demonstrations of trucks blowing up. Banks, the savings and loan scandals changed the way we look at our banking system. Heroes. I recorded this just a week or so after O.J. Simpson was driving up and down the LA Freeway with a gun in his lap. Now, what makes you think anybody should or will believe in you? This is not a place to let your ego get in your way. It's just not enough to insist that you are a trustworthy, trusted, persuasive person. Don't invest your self-esteem in being believed by prospects. Part strategy assumes that every statement, every fact, every promise, every benefit, every assertion will at best be questioned at worst be disbelieved. Then equip yourself with appropriate weaponry. I'm about to reveal to you an attempt to sell you on the single, most important, most powerful selling weapon that exists, period. I know that's a big claim, but I believe it wholeheartedly. If I could have only one selling weapon, this would be the one I'd choose. If I had to sell mute but could have this weapon, I could still sell. Here it is. Proof. If you will substantiate your sales presentation as thoroughly as the top prosecutors and top criminal defense attorneys try to substantiate their cases and arguments, you will be on your way to assembling enough proof. In selling, we prove our cases with facts and figures, physical demonstrations, pictures, testimonials, references and guarantees. And of these, testimonials can be the most powerful. Which do you depend on more, logic or emotion? Presuming you're selling to human beings, you depend much more on emotion. There are five emotions, five E factors that control buying behavior and most other behavior. Number one, love. Number two, pride. Number three, fear. Number four, guilt. And number five, greed. Not necessarily in that order. The more of these you can hit with your selling case, the better. Let's take a product from TV. The Where There's a Will There's an A videos designed to help kids get better grades where the sales made to the parent. Number one, if you really care, love. Number two, picture yourself congratulating your son or daughter on a straight A report card. Finally having a report card you can brag about, pride. Number three, tougher and tougher for kids to even get into a good college. Grades are more important than ever. Fear. Number four, it's hard to work, to compete in the business world, have time for your spouse and still have all the time you'd like to give to your son. Guilt. And number five, let's talk about grades and scholarships. Greed. You see I can hit all five E factors. Make no mistake about this. Make is what the buyer uses to defend his decision after he's made it. E factors are what makes buying decisions and actions happen. A lot of people, particularly in business to business marketing, or selling sophisticated products or services want to argue this. They want to be above it. They want to be fact presenters. They're wrong. The exceptional sales person always weaves the E factors all through his presentations. If you read the account in Napoleon Hill's writings of how Andrew Carnegie was finally sold on retiring and on selling and merging his companies, you'll see all the E factors hard at work. Even though Carnegie, America's first billionaire, was as hard-nosed and tough-minded and heartless a business man as any. Called the candy Scott by many, he was renowned for his shrewd judgment, tough negotiation and stubbornness. At the time, this transaction was the largest financial deal in American history. Without Charlie Schwab's savvy use of the E factors, it never would have happened. I suggest you find and read the story. John Scully, former CEO at Apple, got sold, actually conned by a con man, into a very embarrassing and costly business deal you may have recently read about. Scully certainly should have known better. He should have done more investigation and analysis. But the con man used the E factors in such a powerful way, Scully virtually ignored logic. In this case, the axiom, pride goeth before the fall. While Scully was desperately eager for a way to rebound and recreate his reputation as a biz-wiz after leaving Apple, his pride was in control. And he was afraid that opportunities might not come his way, so fear was in control. These two stories, decades apart, but both about shrewd, sophisticated business leaders, simply demonstrate that no one is immune to E factor selling, that everybody is very susceptible to E factor selling, and that the E factors haven't changed and won't change. If a sales professional is going to acquire new skills or say a single set of new skills, what would have the biggest positive impact on his earning power? I kind of grew up in the advertising business and had some understanding of advertising before I began selling for a living. Then I discovered the specific differences of direct response advertising. And I'd have to say that my ability to use advertising instead of prospecting, although that's a bit of an oversimplification, makes all the difference in the world. The greatest single waste of a sales person's time and energy is in the area of prospecting. When you streamline, shortcut, and simplify that, you really have impact. Here we are doing a program about selling, but you're talking again about advertising. Why do you keep coming back to advertising? There's a very good reason. In fact, I'm going to describe to you and read one of the most productive ads of a subscribers of mine, Rory Fatt, because these days, advertising, marketing, and selling are often and should be thoroughly integrated. You see, separating these functions really doesn't make much sense. The attraction of prospects and the way those prospects are attracted is a control factor in how effectively they can be sold and how they should be sold. If I can enhance the quantity and quality of the leads you get, I can automatically improve your closing effectiveness without changing anything you do in closing. If I can provide those prospects without you doing prospecting, I can switch more of your time over to selling and automatically increase your income. Your understanding of an ad like this is of paramount importance. This is a one column, full page, advertorial that's an ad made to look like an article in the publication in which it runs. Now here's the copy. Businessman infuriates local restaurant owners by giving away hundreds of free dinners. Vancouver is known for its wide number and variety of restaurants. As a result, we have seen many types of restaurant promotions to grab our attention. However, Rory Fatt, president of Simple Salmon Incorporated, takes the cake. He's giving away free dinners, hundreds of them with no end in sight. What's even more astonishing is that he hasn't put any restrictions on who can get one, only that you must live in Kitzelano, False Creek, Fairview Slopes, or the West End. These are his target markets. He is limited to one per household. What Simple Salmon does is provide home delivery of fresh frozen meals. Just throw them in the microwave or in the oven for that matter. In his selection is endless. From his chicken cannelloni, marinara, meatloaf extravaganza, teriyaki chicken with rice and vegetables, chicken with broccoli and rice, Thai chicken with rice, many low-fat items, vegetarian, pizza, Mexican, the list goes on and on. The convenience, no added preservatives or MSG, no wastage, generous portions are more than worth the five to six dollar cost and best of all, they taste delicious. This probably accounts for the fact the phone is ringing off the hook. Our biggest problem right now is trying to keep up with demand. Although he has only been in business about two years, he's just recently gotten aggressive with his marketing. When asked about his controversial promotion, he responded, the restaurant owners think I'm crazy. He later stated that although his marketing is angering local restaurant owners, his products and services are so good it is paying off. Quote, what we're offering our customers is an alternative to ordering pizza, Chinese, going to a restaurant or grocery shopping with all the related mess and hassle. Our customers demand convenience with a capital C. We deliver at their convenience, take checks, visa or cash and most importantly, fat adds with a grin, quote, all orders after the free dinner come with a free gourmet cookie. Our customers are extremely busy people. For them, we get rid of that, my fridge is empty, what am I going to eat tonight, feeling. If this concept interests you and you live in Kitsilano, Fairview, Slopes, West End or Falls Creek, you can get a free dinner coupon and a mouthwatering brochure by calling 732-1321. Or if you prefer, they have a 24 hour free recorded message with more information at 877-4701. Don't be surprised if you get voicemail, they're very busy. Leave a message and you'll receive the free dinner coupon in the mail. Now let me make this very important point. This is a pure direct response ad. It is not attempting to do anything but get the correct response. And that's the only kind of advertising you ought to run. Now you're a critic of traditional advertising, aren't you? Well Comedian Fred Allen said that advertising is 85% confusion and 15% commission. In his book Getting It Right The Second Time, Michael Gershman quotes a study demonstrating that no more than 12% of all advertising is remembered and ever acted upon. I often test audiences, I'll challenge them to name the correct battery advertised by the little pink bunny with the drum. In about 20%, sometimes more, name the wrong battery. Now currently there are funny TV commercials airing for a beer where cows surf and the lady host of a cooking show combines with tag team wrestling, there's full body contact golf and all these commercials are very funny. But my own quickie survey of 20 people failed to produce even one who could name the brand of beer being advertised. Considering all this, how could anyone not be a critic of traditional advertising? To quote the critic, it stinks. And all the ad agency folks can get together and give each other awards all they like and that won't change a thing, it still stinks. So I'm certainly not advocating that salespeople start using traditional advertising. Instead I suggest to you this test for a valuable ad. It delivers a clear, simple, single message that prompts a direct, immediate response so it is 100% measurable. If an ad fails that test, which 90% of all business, industrial and consumer advertising does, don't run it. Now if a salesman in any field will take the time to learn how to do this kind of pure direct response advertising, he will revolutionize his career. Why? Because he will have qualified, interested, responsive prospects to sell to without doing prospecting. Now earlier you referred to positioning instead of prospecting. What is positioning? I mean positioning yourself so that good, qualified prospects find out about you or at least have the feeling of discovering you and seek you out to obtain your expert assistance in solving their problems. Sales resistance goes up or down depending on whether they find and come to you or you find and go to them. So I mean you have to position yourself somewhere you're likely to be found. Examples? Well the financial advisor or the chiropractor or the real estate agent or the psychic, it doesn't matter, who gets his or her call-in show on talk radio uses that to plug her book available at local libraries and bookstores and to plug her monthly seminars. Now that's a very simple answer but it's formulaic. A CEO sees my article about infomercials in Target Magazine and reads it. At the end it offers him my complete book on the subject. He calls and gets it reads that book. Here's what's happened. First he feels like he has found me. Second because my article was in that magazine and because I've written a book I have expert status. Now when he calls me he never thinks in terms of me selling him anything. His sales resistance is very low. But if I get on the phone and cold call 20 CEOs and get to him even though he has an interest in my service and I pitch him on the phone to get the appointment and then I go in on that sales call his sales resistance is very high. Personally, I don't want to be in a situation where there's a lot of sales resistance. Now in your book on no BS sales success you conclude by talking about takeaway selling. What's that? Well wasn't it Groucho who said I don't want to be part of any club that would have me as a member? A takeaway selling is what you get the opportunity to do if your positioning is correct and you have enough lead flow. Then you get to make it a bit difficult to get to you and to get to do business with you. There's a rough equation of value to ease or difficulty. Which do you perceive is better? A hair salon where you have to make an appointment a week in advance and you have a stylist who takes care of you every time or a walk in no appointment hair cutter store. Well as someone with a lot of insider experience with that industry I'll tell you that your perception may not be reality but that doesn't matter. Which do you perceive is cheaper? As I said earlier nobody goes to see the wise man at the bottom of the mountain. So takeaway selling embodies some exclusivity, some difficulty of getting you and some urgency. Tell me more about takeaway selling. In my No BS Sales book I use the example of a very successful real estate agent with an unusual listing presentation and if prospects bulk at her clothes she says something like this. Well, different approaches are right for different people. You may be more comfortable with a more conventional agent, somebody who will sit here day after day at open houses, be around the office whenever you call and not be so selective about taking clients. Then she opens her address book and says I can recommend several good agents of that kind. Now that's pretty tough but she has set it up right from the very beginning which I fully describe in the book so invariably the prospect back panels. No, wait a minute, we want you. See takeaway selling is positioning from start to finish. It basically says I'm picky about who I accept as a client. Can you qualify? You can invent this. In major cities like New York and LA there are apartment buildings you can't go rent an apartment in. To be allowed to rent or buy there you have to be sponsored by an existing tenant. You have to pass a vote of all the tenants. You have to jump through hoops just to be permitted to buy. In Hollywood you can't just roll into William Morris and say hey here I am represent me. You have to prove to them that you are a viable desirable client. Many doctors, hairstylists, therapists and attorneys have what we call waiting list practices. Why shouldn't you carry this air of exclusivity over to your business? And the point is if you have enough deal flow, enough new prospects being magnetically attracted to you, you will have to say no to some. And the truer that position becomes the more ardently you'll be pursued. Takeaway selling is very powerful psychologically. Everybody wants the tickets they can't get. Into the club that's most exclusive. To bypass the peon line at the city's most popular night club. We all want in. Stepping back from a prospect draws him to you. Stepping toward him drives him away. Try it as a little physical experiment. In conversation, suddenly move away from the other person and watch as he moves towards you. But step closer to him and he'll step back. The same thing happens psychologically. So I want to be positioned from the very beginning with credibility and celebrity. Has someone clients eagerly pursue, not has someone who pursues new clients. Well, but what about the person not in that position at all? He desperately needs new clients. Well these cassettes were built for sales people already doing well, but seeking breakthroughs to truly exceptional success. Now I'll give you one basic example as an answer to your question. While you were out of the office briefly, a really hot prospect called. Somebody whose name you recognize and who you would love to get an appointment with. When do you call the person back? Immediately? Later that day? The next day? I'm here to tell you that even if you have no one else to call, nowhere to go and nothing to do, you do not dare return that call immediately. You just cannot appear over eager or too easily accessible. You might think, hey I'll demonstrate how responsive I am, how good I am at providing service. Well that may apply after the sale, but not before. And if that sounds gimmicky, I'm sorry, but I've just told you the truth. The prospect's respect for you diminishes if you are too easy to get to. Personally, I'm to the point I don't worry about this much. I will, for example, return a call quickly to a new prospect if I can, but I rarely can. My positioning has become my position. So most return calls from non-clients wait three days to a week or get delegated, at least to schedule a phone appointment. Now you just said that your positioning became your position and I think that's important, isn't it? Well sure. First you decide on defying, stake out, and courageously proclaim a position. Then you've got to behave in the way a person in that position behaves. You also have to work like crazy to validate the position. And before you know it, the positioning you've created for marketing purposes becomes your actual position. If you read Reese's Trout, now Reese is a subscriber of mine, read their book on positioning, The Battle for Your Mind. And there are 22 immutable laws of marketing and you gain a deeper understanding of positioning as strategy. Then if you read psychological authors like Dr. Max Mulmalt, Psycho-Cybernetics, Jim Newman, Release Your Breaks, and prosperity consciousness authors like Catherine Ponder and Stuart Weil, you see that positioning is also a powerful application of self-fulfilling prophecy. Then if you really study the works of Napoleon Hill and their meaning, you'll discover what I call the dominant thought principle, the secret Dr. Hill refers to at the beginning of thinking row rich. Then call three of those together and you'll know what to do and how to do it for positioning to quickly become actual position. Unfortunately, I think society, academia, even corporate America insists on conditioning people that they have to be positioned by somebody else, by some third party. Someone else has to recognize and appoint you. You do certain things, then you get recognized, get an award, a promotion, a degree, a title. Status follows achievement. But if you follow that pattern in the entrepreneurial environment, you'll starve. In real business life, the opposite. That's the way it works. The super successful person decides on his status first, then backs it up with achievement. Let's take an insurance agent who wants to specialize in dealing with CEOs of family owned businesses. Something says he goes to a bunch of classes and seminars, takes courses, and somehow gets somebody to certify him as such an expert, or more correctly, has prepared to be such an expert. Then he goes and labors for years, working with one, then two, then three such clients and gradually, ever so slowly, that community takes notice of him. And finally, maybe some association or media proclaims him an expert in his field. You should live so long. In real world selling, here's what the smart agent does. He prepares himself as best he can, then he proclaims himself, Minnesota's specialist and advising CEOs of family owned businesses. Then he gets busy doing things that go with and support that position. He writes a book, gives a lecture, a seminar. He starts sending out news releases to the media to get interviewed as this expert. And he narrows all of his marketing to support this position. And then he is that positioning. What is the fastest way a sales pro can improve his income? How would you like to know the number one secret to at least doubling your income from selling almost overnight? It's not a very difficult or mystical secret. Here's all you have to do. You get two eye of new one black garter snake, a bottle of olive oil, a book of chance. I'm kidding. What you do is you double the amount of time you actually legitimately spend selling. How do you do that? Well, one way is to delegate whatever non-selling activities you can. One of the most successful real estate agents I know, not a broker, an agent, has three assistants working for him. A personal assistant getting clothes in and out of the dry cleaners, cars washed, paperwork ferried around town, gift spot, restaurant and travel reservations made. A sales assistant picking up prospects, returning clients phone calls and filling out your contracts and an office assistant keeping records, placing ads and doing mailings. Another way is to systemize and automate your prospecting with magnetic marketing. Systems save time and free up key people like you. Also get militantly tough about valuing, protecting and investing your time. If you want to inject some discipline into a campaign to lose weight, keep a diary and truthfully write down every single thing you eat, nibble on or drink that has fat or calories in it every day, day by day. You'll eat less. Keep a log and an account for every minute of your time. That's a mirror that will change behavior. If you can double your true selling time, I guarantee you'll more than double your income. What is the most important time management tip you can give to the sales professional? Bill Brooks and I co-authored one book on time management. He has also written his own and recorded a cassette program for Night and Yelp Conant on time management specifically for sales people. Here's the big secret that he and I agree on. The objective or purpose of time management should be to increase the amount of time spent on planned accomplishments. Bill further notes that an important aspect of time management is identifying what not to do. I find that success is proportionate to your ability to give more time to those things you do and enjoy best and less time to those things you do poorly and dislike doing. Now if you assemble those pieces, here's what you get. Escaping the least productive in favor of the most productive by plan. And the key word in all of this is plan. Do you have a true plan for selling for the month, the week, the day? But while all that's important, it may not be the most important thing I can tell you about time. I think everybody must budget, block, set aside and invest some time every week in thinking. Stopping doing and just thinking. You can't afford to keep running so fast and so hard that a year from now you are trying to do better only by running a bit faster and a bit harder. That's the rat on the treadmill method. You do max out and you will burn out if your A-order doesn't blow out. So let me say this again, you cannot afford to keep running so fast and so hard that a year from now you are trying to do better only by running a bit faster and a bit harder. Instead between now and then you need to discover or invent a really new, different, non-time intensive way to sell more. And that has to come from time invested in thinking. How does a salesperson waste time? Well that list is almost endless. But a big issue is talking to people who cannot say yes or no. Any time invested with decision makers counts. It's that simple. Of course the best way to get to decision makers is to get decision makers to come to you. In business to business selling, lead generation ads in trade journals, business magazines, airline magazines, Wall Street Journal, association newsletters can be used to get top decision makers to raise their hands. Sometimes two-stage direct mail. The first wave of letters into a company is just to get a response from the right person. And the second set of letters is directed at that person to set up the appointment under ideal conditions. By far the best way to get a decision makers favorable attention is with a referral from or an endorsed mailing from another decision maker of comparable status in the same or related industry or in the same community. What else can you tell us about time? Every top sales pro has activities to take care of that have very short term relevance and impact. Today, tomorrow, next week. Most sales people only deal with these. But top pros allocate a certain amount of current time to set up success months from now. And they allocate current time to matters that will yield success years from now. Short term, medium term, and long term development simultaneously. If you do less than this you really mortgage away your future for day to day results. To be exceptionally successful in selling you must get past the point of going to bed tonight with no real certainty of where tomorrow's sale may come from. It's a version of Maslow's hierarchy of needs. You have to get past or above if you prefer using a hundred percent of your resources to meet survival needs. In general that's food, shelter, defense in selling today's sales and tomorrow's appointments. If that's still where you are you really need to go through all these cassettes several times specifically focused on extracting the ideas that will move you beyond survival behavior. I'll add by the way that some people get so good at survival behavior they cannot step up to success behavior. What about selling big ticket items? Well that's mostly what I do personally these days. My initial consulting days fee is $3,850. Most projects more plus royalties. A typical all-inclusive budget for production of a video brochure or TV infomercial will run from $70,000 to twice that. My copywriting fees for ads or sales letter campaigns start at $5,000 and my base speaking fee is $3,850. To somebody selling private planes or month-long luxury cruises these may not be big ticket but compared to a great many product and service price points they are. Anyway I think the first point about big ticket selling is that selling is selling people or people and the fundamentals don't change but then there are some specifics. For example you have to determine whether yours is going to be a negotiated sale or a non-negotiated sale. What's the difference? Well is your price negotiable? In most cases mine is not. Recently after considerable discussion I quoted a man a fee for his project of $24,000. He came back two days later with a slightly altered description of the tasks involved and offered $5,000. He's been a negotiator in commercial real estate all his life and probably views himself as a shrewd tough negotiator. Unfortunately I wasn't making a negotiated sale. And my reply was I did not offer a proposal I quoted a fee. I try to position myself as the lawyer or the brain search in a professional with whom you do not negotiate fees. If you are going to make a negotiated sale though then you need to integrate negotiation strategies with selling strategies. If price is going to be negotiated then the way you present price becomes extremely important. Personally I like to discount it once voluntarily to try and cut off or minimize additional price negotiation. I've used verbiage something like this. Now the regular off the street rate for this is X dollars but our long term repeat clients frankly only have to pay Y dollars. I think you and I are going to be working together for some time to come so I'm going to give you the Y rate right now. That creates a deduction of B dollars from the price of A dollars. Your net is only C dollars. Now what's the most important technique for making the negotiated sale? The willingness not to make the sale. Just about any negotiating expert will tell you that the person most willing to walk away without a deal has the most power. Unfortunately in a seller prospect situation rather than two equals negotiating a deal the seller is replaceable. So the buyer is almost always the one most willing to walk away and you can't truthfully trump that but you can be okay with walking away. Two keys. One you have to have enough flow of good prospects coming to you that you honestly feel there's another bus coming just around the corner. Two you have to know that a client or customer obtained through too much compromise is bound to become a problem later. At some point you have to say to yourself let my competitor have them. They deserve each other. You cannot have to or want to close the sale at any price under any terms. If that's your actual or mental and emotional position you're soon going to be walking around with bloody stumps. My preference is to negotiate to try and make the deal but not to negotiate to beat competition. I know I'm starting to sound redundant but this brings us back to positioning. If your prospect has come to you predisposed to do business with you then negotiation really becomes teamwork. You both want the deal to happen. He has certain limitations. You have certain minimums and requirements. Negotiation is finding a way to satisfy each other. That is a much more manageable kind of negotiated sale than one where you are a competitive bidder or competitive presenter and the prospect can play one against the other. You can't tell if you're being told the truth about the others and you are obviously easily replaceable. That's a very unpleasant selling environment and if that's the kind of environment you work in now where I you my priority would be to change it one of three ways. Change the way you attract prospects. Change the entire game from apples to apples to apples to oranges or three. Find a new company to sell for in a different industry. Now what else is unique about big ticket selling? The quality of the relationship probably matters more although I'd rather not plant an obstacle in anybody's mind. We're not in most cases talking here about first call closes. Instead the sales pro and prospect are probably going to have several conversations, several meetings, maybe a lunch, dinner, golf course meeting, in office meetings so rapport skills take on increased importance. I'm told that the average length of time it takes to sell a jet to a company is two and a half years. During that time that salesperson is undoubtedly whining and dining and meeting with that decision maker or decision makers a number of times. Still I'd again emphasize that all the fundamentals are always at play and if you go back and look at the e-factors for example the sale of that jet is going to involve every one of them. Now what's the big sale you've ever made? Oh I've made and make a number of them in the $25,000 fee range, $100,000 total budget range. Back when I was selling books I wrote the largest new order in the department store category in the history of the company. For a client I once sold holiday ends on putting up over a million dollars of research and development money and I once did a $990,000 reverse sale. Sold to board of directors on giving me control of a million dollar corporation for ten bucks. But the dollar amounts are not all that relevant when taken out of context. The decision of a small business owner who has never spent more than $10,000 a month on advertising to pony up $50,000 for an infomercial is tougher for him and a tougher sale than getting a million dollars out of a company the size of holiday ends. In every case I've carefully built my case so that I could argue such an overwhelming value to the other party that they just couldn't sensibly say no. I don't know that every sales person can set up such an argument but that's always been my approach and it's the kind of approach I'd recommend first. Now what's the biggest sale ever made to you? A couple years ago we bought a $45,000 computer system from Xerox to be shared by my company and another company and in retrospect I can tell you this was not a win-win deal. We got nailed and it happened solely because it was Xerox. At the time neither I or the other company's president knew squat about computers. We both knew exactly what we wanted in terms of end results so we reasoned who better to trust, who better to tell our requirements to and let them prescribe than Xerox. So we were set up by the credibility factor. I'm sad to report that the reps really took advantage of us. They sold us $45,000 worth of stuff when $10,000 would have done everything we wanted and done it better and later we negotiated our way out of all the leases with threat of a suit. The fiasco still cost us a lot of dough. In retrospect I'll tell you these were very smooth, very skilled, big ticket sales people, lacking only one quality, integrity. I don't know how they made out personally but since then I've never let Xerox have another nickel. Not only won't I buy a Xerox copier, I won't make a copy on a piece of Xerox equipment. And God knows how many people I've told this story to and how many deals I've killed for Xerox. And incidentally I do not believe in making the big sale by lying. You may sneak away with a commission check but over time your actions will hurt your clients and your company and it will all wind its way back to nailing you. What are your feelings about making by name comparisons to your competitors? I would caution against selling by degrading competitors. If it's overdone it's the equivalent of saying, hey everybody's lousy but we're not quite as lousy as they are. And that's not a very exciting position to stake out. I think you sell primarily from your own strengths with a carefully constructed package of benefits, value, proof and service that does beat the competition. And again, given my druthers, I'll be selling in a vacuum anyway. On the other hand, there are times when comparison to competitors is inevitable and must be done sometimes point by point. I'll tell you about a little trick for those situations. Let the competitor win somewhere a little. You know Al, to be honest, they do a slightly better job of inventory back up than we do. They probably same day ship 90% of the time. We same day ship only about 50% of the time. The rest within the week. But if you're just playing ahead a little, we can work together without a hitch. And then there's all these other benefits. I think you gain believability by such damaging admission. I do favor head-to-head comparisons when you can actually demonstrate superiority. I mean when it's visual, dramatic and inarguable. As a pop, I spent some time in the amway business and we had some really terrific demonstrations. Their laundry compound versus tide, stir-each in its own glass of water, tide stayed gray with all sorts of ugly gunk separating and floating around. It's all the filler that's in there, which does wear out your clothes prematurely. There's sawdust and shredded paper. Amway stuff disappeared. The water was clear and the end of the demo was to take a hefty drink from the amway jar and offer the customer a drink of her tide. It was a killer. These are the safety of furniture polishes. Most store-bought aerosol furniture polishes, propellants are highly flammable. Spray just a little bit in a jar lid, toss in a match and whoosh, you've got a bonfire. But then you could use ours as a fire extinguisher to put theirs out. Which do you want coating all the wood in your house? I started a house fire doing that demo once, by the way. Now if I had equally dramatic demos for a given product, be it a hundred dollar item or a million dollar item, I'd certainly use them. And if you're going to do it, be certain the demo is perfect. The best trump of competition, though, is positioning. Price no object, everybody'd rather deal with the best, the one everybody else prefers dealing with. So if you can create that kind of aura, that kind of visibility and be price competitive, you're going to win every time. That strategy integrates marketing, advertising, PR and sales. And rarely can the salesperson make it happen all by himself. On the flip side, the salesperson himself can make himself the issue, the difference. You get me can be a powerful argument. I watched a guy selling very sophisticated software system installations and part of his pitch was, you get my office's 24 hour a day support number, call it two o'clock in the morning and the person who answers is going to be ready and able to help you with any glitch. But if that doesn't satisfy you, then you can call my 24 hour a day roving 800 number. I'll either answer you or call you back within 30 minutes. And if for some weird reason I don't, you get my personal pager number for emergencies. I can run, but I can't hide. I don't even take the pager off when I sleep. You got me. Well, that's pretty powerful. Actually, I'll tell you what it says. It says this guy is darn sure of the quality of his installations and the skills of his support people or he wouldn't dare make himself this accessible. When you're trying to set yourself apart from a whole bunch of competitors, what do you do? I start by looking at those E factors we talked about. In the infomercial industry, I use fear a lot. I say, you know, there are lots and lots of people who can produce beautiful videos. They've come over from the entertainment industry, movies, regular video production, and ad agencies, but can they sell anything? Most do not know enough about direct sales and direct response advertising to PhiloThimble. So if you're not careful, you'll wind up with an award winning documentary. And here's my advice. No matter who you use, what production team you assemble, please make sure somebody's in charge who knows the fundamentals of making a sale by direct response. Now by saying all that, that way, I haven't slammed any particular competitor and I haven't boastfully sold myself, but I've planted a great big fat seed of doubt. I've played on fear and I haven't given good advice. Years ago I was at a bar with a client and another guy, all three of us single. The other guy got his sights set on a drop dead gorgeous woman across the room and announced his intentions of going over and getting a date with her. My client, a masterful salesman, went to work on him. Man, you don't want to do that. Women that beautiful, that Hollywood, well they're impossible to please. And they're not at all eager to please you and you always have to worry about who's hitting on them or who makes more money than you do or who dresses better than you do or who drives a fancier car than you do. You'll never have a moment's peace of mind. Then when the guy slunk off to the restroom to recover, my client zoomed over there and got her phone number. You plant a doubt and fear in that guy's mind and let it do its job. Without ever knocking your competition, you can plant seeds of doubt and fear that will then bloom and blossom all on their own. It doesn't take much for a negative thought to multiply. There's a lot to be said for being the safe choice. You also want to find a way to highlight competition's weakness against the strength you have. If you're David against Goliath, it's, you know, the Goliath Company's a great company, a really formidable competitor. The only thing is, they've gotten so big in the last few years and seem to be giving their attention to really big clients that some smaller companies just don't get equal attention. You know, there's a trade-off for a company like yours in having a relationship with a giant like that. On the other hand, to an organization like ours, you're frankly a major account and we can grow together and you can count on being treated as a VIP and so on. But if you're Goliath against a David, you have to flip all that around. You know, the David Company's a great company. I hear they really provide great service and we do see them as a formidable competitor. It's just unfortunate that as small as they are, they just can't have all the backup inventory, the extra service tech standing by to respond within an hour, those kinds of advantages that may be important to you. There's a trade-off to doing business with the little guy. You may get a bit more personal attention, but and so on. We have a car dealer here about 70 miles outside of Phoenix. He advertises in Phoenix a lot and basically says, look, admittedly, we're way the hell out here in no where land and you're going to have to drive for an hour or so just to get to us. But because we're out here in no where land, our overhead's much lower than all those fancy pants dealers with the big edifices in the middle of the city. It costs less to do business out here and to live out here. Frankly, we need every sale we can get. So we'll pass every penny of our savings on to you. Drive a little, save a lot. See they flip their disadvantage into their competitive advantage and that's smart. What about the time cycle of the big ticket sale? Well, like we talked about before, I mean two and a half years to sell a jet. In a lot of business and industrial settings, there is no single decision maker. You have to sell through one to others, get consensus and so on. All that extends the time between first contact and done deal. And you're very vulnerable that entire time. So it just makes good sense to creatively look at every possible way you might forcibly shorten the time lapse. Now don't sit there and say that's just the way it is in this business. With that kind of thinking, you'd be lighting your office with a bigger candle. Nothing ever has to stay as it is. You can introduce some new dynamic and change the rules. I work for the client that gets business by bid for very complicated industrial equipment renovation jobs. A few years ago, he stopped doing free bids. He charges $1,000 to do the estimate. That worked okay. But his other nagging annoyance was six months or longer to get a yes, no or otherwise after bidding. We did a very simple thing. You get the $1,000 rebated only if you proceed with a contract within 29 days of bid. Before, less than 10% closed that fast. Now nearly 30% closed that quickly. Let's say I'm in some kind of big ticket selling and I want to double my income this year over last year. What do I do? Well, we just named one thing. So let's start there and kind of go backwards. You reduce the time lapse between first contact and done deal. Close sales faster. Next, if you're doing negotiated sales, employ every creative idea possible to keep the prices or fees on the high side, not below side. So you achieve a higher dollar average per sale. Next, create a position and a package of benefits that makes you the preferred choice. Last, stop prospecting in the conventional sense and set up magnetic marketing systems that furnish you with prospects predisposed to doing business with you. Spend your time meeting with people as a trusted advisor, not as a salesman. Combine all that and you get a higher dollar amount per sale. So even if you made the same number of sales this year as last, your dollar total will be higher. You complete each sales process in a shorter period of time, so some that would be in play at year's end but not completed until the following year, have to fall into the current year. So you're doing more sales this year than last. You are consistently investing your time in higher probability prospects so your closing average should improve, also equalling more sales this year than last. If each of the three accounts for a one-third improvement, you double. How about real estate or insurance, relatively big ticket sales to consumers rather than to purchasing agents and executives? Now what's most important there? The agreement on the parameters of what they want and what will satisfy them before ever prescribing product. If you're going to approach these selling situations like a peddler with a big bag of assorted products, hey here look at this, no? Well look at this, no? Well how about this? You're going to waste mountains of time. Instead you have to ask smart diagnostic questions, then get definitive agreement on what they need and want. Okay, it has to have three bedrooms, two baths, a large kitchen and be close to a shopping mall. Those are the four most important characteristics. Then four more optional but preferred characteristics are, and the price range is X to Y and no more than Y. So if I took you to a home that had all four of the musts and say two of the four options and could be bought for X and a half, on a one to ten scale, what are the odds you'd buy it without more shopping around? Okay, Bob and Mary, you've got three different insurance policies with two different agents, an IRA account and a savings account. Let's back up one step. What are the three most important objectives you have for saving and investing? One, two and three, which is most important? Next most important. Great. Now let me first show you why what you are doing doesn't match up well with these objectives. Next, let's describe the ideal savings or investment tool. You would have this is feature one, this is feature two, this is feature three. Now we have a list of six must have features plus a few options. If I showed you an investment device that met all six of the musts and most of the options, on a one to ten, what are the odds you'll close all the other accounts, cancel the policies and put everything into this plan? Now I've made those examples faster and more simplistic than they would be in real dialogue but you get the idea. I want pre-agreement on what it takes to score. I sure don't want to move the ball all the way down the field, get it over the goal line and then have the ref say, hey back four plays ago you had a guy run crosswise, he can't do that. See rules first, play second. It's simple. Now you keep using terms from worlds other than selling, diagnose, prescribe, for example why. The best way to achieve exceptional results in selling is not to have to do any selling at all. The prospect comes to you predisposed to do business with you thanks to your front end advertising and marketing. Then you serve as a diagnostic consultant and trusted advisor. The sale happens. It's not made as enforced. It happens as in natural as in the only logical natural possible outcome. Let's talk about closing the sale, getting the ball across the goal line to lapse into sports parlance. My speaking colleague Zig Ziglar says, timid salesmen have skinny kids. I am unceasingly amazed at the sales professionals who turn soft when it comes time to lay out the offer and ask for the order. About a week ago I was speaking at a two day conference the evening of the first day. The first day's speaker, a very well respected, celebrated expert in his field and a pretty good speaker, had to an audience of about 60 business owners sold only one of his business cassette packages. One. That night I sold 32 sets of mine just shy of $8,000. The first speaker of the next day sold nothing. How could that be? The conference sponsor identified the reason instantly. To me he said, you're the only one who directed them to buy and to buy now. This important principle applies to person to person selling, group presentations, even salesmanship in print, direct response to advertising. You have to methodically move to the delivery of a straightforward, clear, directive close. This applies to one-on-one selling in any environment. Sales people convince themselves they have to make repeat calls before closing a sale. They have to go slow. And many may seem perfectly satisfied with the I'll think it over conclusion of a meeting. And you may very well be one of these sales people eager to argue that in your industry you just cannot close. You have to be very patient, take your time, go back and see the buyer several times and let him set the pace. Well, go ahead and cling to that belief if you like, but I'm here to tell you it's costing you money. As a consultant, a sales trainer and a temporary salesman, I've gone into industries where closing, especially first call closing, is just not done and done it. When W. Clement Stone insisted that the sale is contingent on the attitude of the salesperson, not the attitude of the prospect, I think he hit more than one nail squarely on the head. And this is one of them. Your attitude toward closing sales is the controlling factor in how soon, how easily, and how successfully you close sales. This even applies to trade shows selling. During the one and only year I worked for a company other than my own, book publishing company, this is the first trade show I'd ever worked was for them at the annual Chicago gift show at McCormick Place. I was told just to glad hand and get catalogs out. You can't sell much at shows and so on. Stubbornly, to the annoyance of some of my new colleagues, I wrote orders right then and there for more business than all of them added together. I opened brand new accounts and I got opening orders right there on the trade show floor. Why? First, I ignored all the conventional wisdom. Second, I structured a desirable offer and presented it persuasively. Three, I asked for orders. To again quote, in this case paraphrase zig, he says, too many salespeople aren't salespeople at all. They're professional visitors. I think most salespeople are wimps when it comes to asking for the order and selling is no place for wimps. In recent years, unfortunately in my opinion, this selling wimpiness has even been encouraged by a number of experts, authors, speakers, sales trainers, psychologists, expounding on topics like relationship selling, non-manipulative selling, the soft sell, and an almost endless stream of cycle babble. Many of these cycle babblers haven't been out there really selling for years. Some have never been out there. They have lots of touchy-feely ideas and theories that when applied in real selling situations, it all falls apart like a cheap suit. Many companies and sales organizations have been too quick to welcome these ideas. And if you carefully analyze these organizations, you'll see that they're sales cycle, the time that elapses between first contact and first closed sale has lengthened. That means that the corporation's cost of sales and cost of acquiring a customer has increased or worsened, and the salesperson's time cost of selling has also worsened. American business has been oddly eager to accept new fans. Remember the mad rush to Japanese management? Quality circles? Well, we could build a long list. I say beware of fads. When I study a top sales performer today, I definitely see more similarities with top sales pros of 20 years ago than with the psychological fads of the moment. Some 20 years ago, a grizzled vet said to me, here's all you need to know about selling, kid. Here's the ABCs of selling. Always be closing. These days, when I structure a sales presentation, I am closing from the beginning, closing throughout and trying to set up the automatic close. I am literally always closing. I think you have to be very clear about why you're there, why you're making a presentation, and that ought to be to make a sale. Oh, sure, you want to make a friend, you want to build a relationship, you want to accomplish a whole host of secondary objectives, but I insist that above all else and before most things, you want to make the sale. I think too many people go out on calls without a very specific, predetermined objective without a definition of what will constitute success in that particular situation. Personally, I detest think-it-overs. Because I so highly value my time, I would much rather have a definite no if I can't get a definite yes than an indefinite maybe. With the no, I know where I stand and I can move on. With a maybe, I do not know where I stand and I can, and many sales people do, con myself into believing I'm in better shape than I really am. So I don't work as hard. Because I'm convinced I'll be cashing in my think-it-overs any day now. If you find a salesperson with a big, fat bank of pending deals of think-it-overs, you will never find an exceptional achiever. You may be able to make yourself feel good with a maybe, but no matter how many maybes you've got, your bank balance doesn't change. Well, and incidentally, only a very small percentage of think-it-overs ever convert. I've discovered that most of them move to think-it-over Iowa, never to be seen again. In think-it-over Iowa, you can actually see cobweb-covered skeletons clutching menus, sitting in diners and restaurants. They perished, wasted away while trying to decide what to order. Every traffic light has only one color, yellow. It is my preference to stay out of think-it-over Iowa and instead to seek out and sell to people who can and will act decisively. And it is my conviction that exceptional achievers in selling also avoid spending time in think-it-over Iowa. They literally blow those indecisive prospects off and move on. You see, there is a time cost in selling. To achieve peak results, you just have to understand, appreciate, and take into consideration that cost. Now, obviously, different sales professionals have different time cost factors and differences in sizes of industries or territories, numbers of prospects. These things will have impact on how tough you can be. But generally speaking, time invested in nursing, stalling, stumbling, recalentant think-it-overs along is not nearly as productive as time spent rushing on to the next prospect. Now here's the loop. Closing has a great deal to do with being in front of a prospect who can be closed and is ready to be closed. And that has everything to do with how the appointment with the prospect is obtained in the first place. Positioning, not prospecting. Magnetic attraction, not pushy pursuit. You can't separate the close from the entire process. When you do, it does become awkward, difficult, and anxiety inducing for sales pro and prospect alike. Instead, the close should be natural. How it starts will largely control how it ends. Can you give me an actual example of salespeople as you put it, wimping out? Absolutely. Several years ago, to give you one, preparing a seminar for a client of mine in the retirement community business with retirement parks throughout Florida, I went around to a dozen of their locations with a nice little old lady on my arm, she impersonating my aunt, me impersonating a potential buyer. And we took the tour with the sales representatives. We played along. We gave buying signals. I tried to make it as easy as possible for the reps to close us. Now, this company even has a $100 refundable deposit program, has the last resort, the step down for the reps, for the customer to reserve a specific lot for 15 days to determine whether or not they want to go farther. Only one of all these reps made any attempt to close a sale. None used the $100 program. Now they all did a great job on the tour. Then they went wimpy when we got back to the office. They asked softball questions like, how did you like everything? Or well, what do you think? And they accepted my very first stall without question. And if they describe themselves to anybody as sales professionals, they lie. They're tour guides. It turned out that most of the reps weren't even aware of how wimpy they were until I called them on it in the seminar. That's why you have to monitor yourself very carefully. Are you accepting stalls and excuses too easily? Are you afraid to push for a definite yes or no? Are you really closing? Well, what do you do to teach most sales people about closing techniques? I maintain there's only one closing technique any salesperson needs to know. It's the best. So why rely on anything other than the best? If you were holding my loved ones hostage and told me I had to close my next sale or you killed them, this is the closing strategy I'd use. If I could only use one closing strategy for the rest of my life, this is the one I'd choose. It's the yes or yes close, sometimes called the alternative choice close or the A-B option close. Whatever you call it, it simply means that you avoid the entire issue of yes or no all together. I cut my teeth in selling on this close and prospecting with Tuesday morning or Thursday morning worked better for you in selling to consumers, would you prefer to pay by check or credit card? In selling to store owners, which free gift would you prefer with your due rack, A or B? Nobody's ever shown me a good reason to switch to a different closing strategy. What about slumps? In the past year, I've had the pleasure of appearing as a speaker in several cities with Lou Holtz, the coach at Notre Dame. In my unhumble opinion, one of the very best, most intense, focused, exciting coaches in all of college football. If you only see Lou on the sidelines on TV, you might not know he has a terrific sense of humor and he is a very funny speaker. About his status at Notre Dame, Lou says, I have a lifetime contract. That means that I can't be fired during the third quarter if we're ahead and moving the ball. I think it was Jim Valvano who wrote a book titled They Gave Me a Lifetime Contract, then pronounced me legally dead. His sales pros were in the same boat, where only as good and secure as our last victory. We can't afford and our superiors won't tolerate slumps for very long. In my case, every time I step to the stage to speak and to sell, I gotta get great results. I cannot have an off day. I can't have a headache, a stomach ache, an emotional problem. I've got a score. This is what makes slumps so deadly. At even the hint of a slump, the typical sales pro experiences stark, desperate terror. Unchecked, it'll magnify, it takes on a life of its own, it takes control. The sales person's fear of failure becomes real. The trick is to cut this thing off quick, fast, immediately. Never let it grow and gain power. Personally, I take a whole array of steps. I get out of the whole environment temporarily. Go see an action movie, watch a game, go to the zoo, get a massage. I relax for a day. I look at the situation where I have not gotten the results I think I should have, try to learn something from it, and compare it to lots of other successful situations. I review my overall performance, recent successes, and reassure myself that my methods can be trusted. I go back through my sales presentation piece by piece, step by step, practice it perfectly all over again. And then I try and set myself up for a success. It's very important to have a set of fundamentals, a system, a million dollar sales presentation that is ingrained, second nature to you, and that you have a lot of confidence in. It's a mistake to start fooling around, changing this, that, and the other thing. A golfer will tell you if he has a slump and starts doing that. You know, one guy says, hey, try changing your grip this way. And another guy says, well, maybe if you bend your knees differently. For long, he's lost all the basics of his game. It is completely lost. If you have a tested proven presentation, you got to stick with it. Most sales people can prevent slumps by making sure that they have a steady stream of well-qualified prospects. That's what my magnetic marketing systems provide and why it is so important to learn how to replace old-fashioned prospecting with magnetic marketing. Is there any one single mistake that hurts sales people more than any other? The biggest mistake all marketers and sales people insist on making over and over again is talking in terms other than benefits. They want to talk about their company. A guy asked me, wouldn't you be interested in knowing why John Hancock is the number one rated company in these funds? Well, no, I said I wouldn't. I could care less. I mean, hey, I'm sure that's great for John Hancock. They got a plaque or a statue or something. But to me, it's one big fat so what? Unless you somehow translate that into a compelling benefit for me and you need to critically analyze every statement you make, is this promising and exciting, meaningful benefit? It's old, but you can think of everybody tuned to one radio station and one radio station only, WII FM. What's in it for me? And if you aren't answering that question with every word, every phrase, every breath, you better have a darn good reason why. Paul Meyer, Success Motivation Institute tells the story of the commuter railroad's officials disturbed because passengers wouldn't close the doors and the winter weather made everybody uncomfortable. So they put up a bunch of signs. For the comfort of the other passengers, please close the doors and they made no difference. Finally, one smart guy changed all the signs to read, for your comfort, close the doors. Now the doors got closed. Now you've got to totally buy that message and think about it every time you write a letter or an ad or give a sales presentation.