We were putting 80 people in a room now we can only put 12 people in a room We're gonna have to go do more rooms Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, so this is all more important now coming out the back end Into the emerging economy It's still going to be more important because the resistance to spend is not going to be so much limited capacity Fear anxiety etc. It's going to be the recession hangover There's always a hangover after every recession always has been always will be people come out of it in Reality before they come out of it mentally and emotionally it goes away before they so Anybody in here have ever the house burgled? Anybody you okay you yes Women are more affected than this by guys by the way, you know your house broken into your house burgled right Okay It's an event that happens once It's over they were there They took whatever they took And it's done right, so it was a For them maybe a 30 minute event for you at the most it was a one-day event You over at the next day No Some people aren't over it for months some people never get over it Okay, recession same way. There's a hangover effect so Their behavior will lag behind Whatever economic recovery or new economy that there is their behaviors get a lag and Then coming out of that hangover is the same way So how many of you have been hung over? Repetitively, I mean how many of you have been no, I'm serious how many have been like drinkers at some point in your life and Sort of abused it. I mean I'm in that category. So I don't okay, so So what did we do after every really bad hangover? Exactly Swore we would never do this again Our behaviors going to change this is stupid I mean and what did we do? Well load it again and woke up with another bad hangover, right? So the post hangover reaction is a commitment to behavioral change it doesn't last very long But for consumers it'll last for a while. They will try to save They will try not to put as much on their credit cards They will try to be more financially prudent than they were before the drunken binge and the hangover And that'll last for a while so even if the core economic thing changes next year there's three four years of Altered marketplace reality and All of that means the cost of acquiring a customer will be higher the difficulty higher the speed slower and The value of the ones you acquire on your own poor or more and more and more of them will have to be chucked out the back of the boat But so the guy who's got good customers He has a much more valuable asset and It's an asset of much higher value for you to tap So somebody you might have only been willing to do X for before you might want to think long and hard about doing X Y and Z Somebody you might have accepted the first no I don't want to do that from you might want to think long and hard about Proposal B proposal C proposal D proposal E Somebody who just crapped all over you and said I don't want anything to do with you You may want to keep them on your friend list for a while anyway Hoping you can turn them around you want to make this a Significant part of your business. How can you? Here's so the jet fuel for made-off Different from all other Ponzi schemes that made it so big two kinds of jet fuel one Nobody needed the money So unlike almost any other Ponzi scheme that's ever been run redemptions were very low Hence the money could build up see most Ponzi schemes are built on Promises of high returns Now and they take money from people who want to return so I take $5,000 from you I promise you 10% a month interest I I gotta give you 500 bucks and 500 bucks and 500 bucks and that's what gets you excited and you tell him and You tell him but eventually everybody runs out of suckers right well in made-offs case he took all the money from institutions Charities funds and really really rich people. They didn't want money. They just wanted statements Cost less to send out statements Money builds up faster jet fuel number one jet fuel number two a good feeder system Most Ponzi schemes the Ponzi or the schemer is the guy getting all Investors now they're from referrals, but they're ones he twosies You still got to put six people on a plane flying out over the desert and show them the purple pipes in the desert where you're supposedly somehow Turn in water and oil. I mean you still got to go do it big feeder system One way or another You need a feeder system and you need a lot of feeder systems You need to access other people's customers more than ever because It's so much costlier to get any others