My view of the QVC customer is they have to be adorned in jewelry and eating ribs while putting on cosmetics. That sort of is my view of the customer. And maybe peddling some sort of little exercise device you can use while sitting down at the same time. It's significant that Tony Little's selling more food on QVC than he is selling fitness devices. But so Joan Rivers went on QVC initially selling jewelry and was able to get, keep and expand the amount of minutes her territory on QVC over a period of time because they did everything right. They brought products that would sell well on QVC. She is an extraordinarily skilled salesperson. And she's somebody that the QVC viewer wants to call up and talk to. So QVC in part is a lottery. It's just like Publisher's Clearinghouse. You know, everybody subscribes to the magazine because they think they have a better chance of winning than if they don't subscribe to the magazine. That's how they sell magazines. QVC people call up and buy hoping that while they're buying, they're going to be one of the ones that gets picked and put through to talk to the celebrity on the phone. So it's very important to have a celebrity people that want to talk to. So Joan Collins, for example, died on QVC. She has a very low, what you call with celebrities, the Approachability Index. There's a way to, it's measured. She has a very low Approachability Index. People don't feel, if she was sitting in a restaurant, for example, people would not feel comfortable going over and interrupting her and talking to her. Ed McClane had one of the highest Approachability Indexes year after year after year after year after year. So anybody who saw Ed anywhere felt comfortable going over to Ed and talking to him, and can I buy you a beer or whatever. So Ed would have worked very well on QVC, for example. Never did it, I don't know why, but he would have worked great on QVC. Disney paid him a lot of money every year just to come to the parks with his family and walk around. Because, well, they do that with a bunch of celebrities in case you didn't know it. And if you encounter one there, it's likely they're being paid to be there. Because it enhances the experience. And so everybody goes home and says, hi, we met Ed McMahon, and I got his autograph. Here I got a picture with me, Mickey and Ed, you know, and it's a big deal. But it doesn't work if people see him and don't feel comfortable going over and approaching him or her, right? So QVC is part of it. So for a whole variety of reasons, Jones done very well on QVC. I mentioned Jones as an aside, I asked a question because Jones is speaking at the Super Conference next year. If you saw Jones on Celebrity Apprentice, if you didn't watch the reruns, I have worked with Jones personally, and I like Jones enormously. But I will tell you that Jones you saw on Celebrity Apprentice is Jones. And so you do not want to get between her and food. There is a certain bloody stump element to doing business, and it's a real bad idea to snarl at Melissa. The reaction is pretty much the same as if you like reach for the million dollar dog's food or snarl at me, except Jones is a lot more dangerous than a million dollar dog. But Jones is an extraordinarily smart business person, an entrepreneur, and a very gifted salesperson, and you will enjoy her enormously. She is very bright. I worked with her on a project, and I wish we could have done more, because although there is an element of it that is sort of brutal, and so a lot of people don't like working with her, but I like working with her a lot. But anyway, so she has staked out this territory on QVC, right, and was able to keep it because of high results and high performance and customers wanting more. Well, now if you examine Jones on QVC, there's the jewelry, which was the original business, but now she has encroached on and stolen other people's territory and shoved them out of the candy aisle at Walmart. So Jones sells skincare products.