A million dollar loan that I had to pay back to expand my business, or a million dollars of venture capital for which I had to give up equity, or really good access to his 1,100 certified poopoos with his endorsement, I'd take the 1,100 poopoos and his endorsement in a hot second. Because I can turn it into more than a million, never have to pay it back and never have to give up a point of equity. So other people's customers are much more interesting than any of the other others. And we just don't think enough about this. It's especially important now, and in the foreseeable future for a different reason. It's especially important now because, although it is always true, that there is no more expensive part of any business than acquiring a customer. That's the most expensive thing we do. Therefore, that's the greatest drain on income. That's what takes the most money away from anybody, is the money they have to spend to get the next customer. The biggest single expense in every business, whether the business realizes or not, unless they're not growing. Or they're doing it all by manual labor. So the only way it's inexpensive is if you do it all by manual labor. But even then, I built one business, manual labor, speaker on stage, seminars, dragging them in the room with our own marketing. I built another business, speaker on stage, but Peter Lo put all the customers in the room. Guess which one was faster and more profitable? The second one, not the first one. Because the other problem with the first one is when you get your own customers, you have to sift through bad customers to wind up with good ones. And that's, see, the acquisition expense is one thing. The value differential is another drain on income. Because you wind up with a bunch of bad customers inevitably. When I get somebody, see, he's already got, his 1,100 are all good. He's already gone through 5,000 crappy ones to keep the 1,100. And he's already trained them. They're already conditioned to perform. That's why Upstream is so good. Because then when he gets their customer, he's getting their best customer that they've already trained. So his guy, who sends two people this month to his workshop, that guy's got 100 customers. 98 of them are crappy. Two of them are spectacular. Because they're trying to swim Upstream. And they're willing to spend money to do it. So if I get two from each of you, that's better than me going and getting twice that many, three times that many, four times that many on my own. Not only is it infinitely more expensive to get the 400 on my own, but 300 of them or more, I'm going to wind up throwing back. So in this case, I'm getting all goodens. So in the low scenario, what Peter did that is impossible to do economically on your own, unless you just, I mean, it's not impossible, but is in a city. So in Cleveland, he rounded up the only two open-minded progressive shoe repair shop owners in the whole city. And the seven insurance guys who didn't have their head up their butt. And the five dentists who didn't have their head up their butt. And the six chiropractors who didn't have their head up their butt. And the one evangelical Christian internet marketing Google ad words guru who didn't have his head up his butt. And he put them all in a room. An enormous expanse. So I was only talking to good customers to start with. If you got all the shoe repair guys in the room, you still only got two good customers. If you got all the insurance guys in a room, you still only got six good customers. The rest of them need to be thrown back in the pond. So other people's customers is a route to speed. It's a route to quality. It's an alternative to capital. It's better capital. And that's why a you don't want to be cheap about it. Biggest problem I've always had with clients over the years.