with polling and pre-marketing and post-marketing and they really have a technology asset that has leverage in a number of different ways. One, they can use it more often, but the first thing they did is they were able to bring in other people and run them through their tele-seminars. And I, for your bill, where's Harrison? Where are you guys? Are they here? Steve, how many of those things are you doing now? Probably do about two a month. Two a month? I won't ask you for dollars, but average body count. What body count? Body count. Yeah, a number of people. You can get about 2,000 people registered. Okay. And most of them are not, it's not your product, right? You are mostly selling other people's stuff. Exactly. Okay. So, you can park now. I'm done. Now, the use of the technology is important, but obviously being able to put 2,000 people on the call is the real leverageable asset. And so, the leverage there is, is can we find a market that would allow us to use the same process to put 20,000 people on the call, because there's no more work in delivering it to 20,000 than 2,000, right? Or could we sell, could we do four a month instead of two a month and not wear out our market? Can we license the whole thing to somebody else? Should we be teaching the whole thing and charging $25,000 to help somebody set up that system in their market for their business so he's got leverageable asset? Process really wrapped around it. And so, process is one of the most leverageable assets of all. Rick Goings is a CEO at Tupperware, which is a CEO I really like and a company I really like. And Rick, incidentally, came out of the Holiday Magic Costco Dare to be Great environment. Rick realized at Tupperware something Tupperware had never realized before he got there. So Tupperware thought their assets, if you sat down and talked to Tupperware's executives about what is our business and what are our assets, they would talk to you about their patents, because Tupperware has the lid thing that nobody else has, like burps or something when you open it or close it on a member. So they got this patent for a unique kind of plastic pot. So that would be one asset and its leverage is we can make more pots. So we can have blue ones and green ones and big ones and small ones and we can keep figuring out a way to make another pot. That would be an asset. They would think they had. They would describe their distribution, right, so they got this sales force, right, and they have retail distribution and they have television distribution. It's either HSN or QVC, I forget which, but Tupperware sells much to the distress of their distributor network, by the way, they sell on either QVC or HSN. But their thinking was limited to using the Tupperware process for Tupperware. And so what Rick realized is that their two greatest assets are we know how to recruit women and couples to be direct salespeople and make them productive and we know how to make party plan one do a few rather than one to one selling work. Those are two things we're really good at. We got a process for that and it's dumb to limit it to pots. Hence Tupperware acquired other underperforming direct sales companies whose products lent themselves to party plan, but either weren't doing it or weren't doing it well and they built a portfolio of companies, the most successful of which is beauty control cosmetics. And so Tupperware really, if you talk to Rick today, and actually you don't need to talk to him, get an annual report, if you read Tupperware's information for its stockholders you will see them describing themselves as a process company, not as a plastic pots company. They have a very different view of their business. Brand reputation, it's a leverageable asset, right?