And I've always said, I am the last guy you want any relationship advice from. When it holds together, I have no idea why. When it came apart, complete surprise to me. I don't understand it. I have no clue. I know nothing. Nothing. I know nothing. Watch Dr. Phil. He'll be better off. He's a complete charlatan, but he'll be better off. I know not a thing. It does not dissuade them, by the way. But it's instructive that it does not dissuade them. Because for the most part, I'm sitting around with some relatively smart pencils who should know better, but it does not dissuade them. Because they want me, they ask me for financial advice, investment advice. They have no earthly idea whether I know anything. They want to expand the range once they have a good guru. They don't want five specialized gurus. They want the guru. And so there's really no logical connection between, say, Joan Rivers and holiday cupcakes. None. If she bakes, well, I doubt it. I saw no evidence of any baking going on in either the California or New York home. The kitchen looked pretty much unused, shall we say. Ornamental, maybe, would be a better description. I can't imagine, like, oh, come over and we'll all bake cupcakes together, say. I don't know if she's ever gone on the Martha Stewart show, but I just don't see it. And I really don't think any of her fans have in mind Joan with an apron on and flower all over herself, whipping up cupcakes for the kids. I don't think that's a con—but still, it doesn't get in the way of them being told these are the greatest cupcakes that have ever been made and that's why you should pay $12 a piece for them and have them shipped to you in a box. I mean, it doesn't get in the way of that, right? So there's an irrational aspect of this that can be profitably used to expand your range and provide more to the customers that you already have. And in doing so, you expand your territory and you take territory away from them. Another asset, connections. Very important. Your Rolodex, right, to use an old term. Who you know and who they know. And so this now gets us to joint ventures, strategic alliances, solutions to problems that occur in your business, all of this sort of thing. And the most important thing—so a lot of people want to talk about joint ventures, but I don't want to rehash all the basic mechanics of joint ventures. I want to tell you the most important thing about them and the biggest mistake people make in trying to create these things. And Bill tells people this constantly. I believe it was just said on the most recent Diamond Call in an answer to somebody, but it's amazing how people don't get it. The thing to come to the table with is not what you want, but asking what they want. The thing to come to the table with is being of help before you try to get help. And most people don't get it. They either come with a pure money pitch. Sometimes that works, but it's like primitive brute force kind of approach to things. So it'll work sometimes, but only with a limited number of people. And the more successful ones it has less and less impact with because they already make a lot of money. So come in and say, hey, if you'll email your list for my thing, we got a website in place and we got a DumaFludge to sell and we convert 8.2% of the people who come. That means if you've got 100,000 people on your list, you're going to make a fast $32,000. That is of less and less and less interest. The more successful the person you're trying to get in the sack with is because they already got $32,000. And so that typically works best with people who are the poorest.