Alliances. So it is more about, so Mike Vance tells this story of when Disney, when Walt decided that he wanted animatronics for the America exhibit. He wanted Lincoln to move and talk and look human. So he wanted this biomechanic robotic, you know, thing. There was one guy who's like, at the time, the guy who was the genius working on all this stuff. And the details have long since left me. But some kind of nuclear biophysicist guy in Scots that Stanford or some place, Scripps, maybe some place like that in California, very famous and very occupied. And Walt determined that this was the guy they wanted to come figure out how to do Lincoln. And so he sent executives to go fetch this guy. And they came back and said, we can't, he won't let us fetch him. We can't get him. He was very flattered and he was very polite, but he's busy, he's occupied, and we have time to come over here and build Lincoln. And really, he's not interested in money, so we can't buy him, and so we can't get him. And Walt said, did you ask him what he needs or wants that he can't get? No, we didn't ask him that. Go back and ask him that. And then it was some research facility they needed $50 million for or something like that. And Walt said, well, we'll get him that because we can get that. And so that's the right question, right? The right question is, what can we do for you? See, what do you want? And then you either custom craft something for them that also gets you in the game and gets you what you want, or you do that and then you have obligation and cachet and opportunity. But most people screw it up by either just trying to shove money down their throat, or by literally coming in saying, hey, I want to do this with you. Well, great, but your wants really aren't of any concern to me. My wants are lots of concern to me. And I don't really wake up in the morning thinking about anybody else's wants. Mine. So that's where all of this starts. Connections, you want to build them. You want to pay attention to them. You never know when they're going to be useful. You never know when they're going to rise up and be of help to you, even though they have been of no particular value for months and months and months or even years and years and years. Key people, of course, are a leverageable asset. The best thing I tell you about that is keep trading up. And of course, money, investments are leverageable assets. There may be others unique to your business. But usually, when your assets are not enough to get you the income you want, then usually dependent on either other people's money, other people's resources, or other people's customers and connections. And again, most entrepreneurs sort of think about other people's money before they think about anything else. So most are stymied because they don't have the capital they think they need in order to do something. And so they spend umpteen days, weeks, months, years in search of trying to raise, trying to get, and being paralyzed by the absence of money. Other people's monies. I've used it. I've not used it. It's the least interesting of anything on the list. It comes with the highest price tag. It's the hardest to get. It's the most problematic. And it's really the least powerful. So if I was in the health fitness field and I had a choice between