So if we look at 94, here's a list of where we might find most. So the first two sort of go together, right? Thinking of customers as assets rather than customers as people to sell stuff to, which is the way most people think of customers, right? But we all think of customers differently. That's like one-on-one stuff I don't need to talk about. So customers has assets and linked to that, it gives us the opportunity for toll positions as assets. So I would put John's certified dufuses, whatever they're called, in the customers category but understand they're a very special kind of customer because they have the ability to feed others in a systematic, organized manner rather than completely at random. He's also created toll positions, right? He essentially has an unpaid sales force. So he could use them if he chose under the right circumstances. He could make them available to somebody else. Not that he necessarily ever will or wouldn't, but he could. So he's got them. So something that was not kettlebell competitive. He's got 1,100 people that tomorrow he can flick a switch and they'll show up for a tele-seminar. They'll show up for a webinar. They'll listen. They'll pay attention and they could be somebody else's 1,100 instantly. So he's in a toll position. And that means he could get money. He could get things more important than money because that other person who could really benefit from those 1,100 might have something that John could really, really, really benefit from. And so that's a leverageable asset. So the first thing is to think about your customers very differently than most people think about customers and to think about how you can organize them in such a way that they have long-term manageable equity value rather than selling them something and coming back four months later and hoping to sell them something again, et cetera. A second category then would be intellectual property as assets. So pretty much everybody creates that. It doesn't matter whether you've got a pizza shop or something more elaborate. You've got a business name and a brand and logos and you've got whatever way you do a menu and you've got order forms. And of course some of us have much more elaborate and extensive intellectual property. You should not get carried away with thinking it has value in and of itself because for the most part in and of itself it doesn't. The famous dead author, their material tends to either die fairly quickly after they die or can be bought real, real cheap and is always an object lesson for people who think otherwise. Essentially intellectual property only has value if there's a means to get it sold and converted into money but in concert with other things it's important. And so you think about how am I developing unique and sustainable intellectual property in my business that can be leveraged one way or another. Now that may be as simple as you personally or it may be content or materials or whatever that you create. And there's all sorts of different ways to leverage it, formal structures, franchising, not franchising, licensing and on and on. We'll talk about some of those. Technology, obviously an asset if it's either proprietary or applied in a way that is extremely powerful within your business. And so the ability, so a tele-seminar is not really any more any kind of proprietary technology but if you really are sophisticated like Harrison's are and have built an entire system around tele-seminar selling