This is where it starts getting fun for me. Like literally this is the part, like if you guys were kind of in my office and hanging out, that's what we would do. We'd have a party doing this all day long. It's like my favorite, by far my favorite part of the business. You can ask anyone on my team, we've got whiteboards everywhere and 90% of the time I'm sitting there, what if we do this and we want to move this over here and it's so much fun. So that's what we're going to do. So I'm going to show you guys the nine core funnels that we use. Does not mean there's only nine funnels. There's a bajillion different ways you can do stuff. So there's a lot of different ways to do funnels. I'm just going to show you guys the core ones that we do because that will give you some foundation of how to start building your own off of this and you'll see how we do all these kind of things. So I'm going to go through. So the first funnel is just our core overall funnel. And this is one I showed you guys earlier today but it's basically very simple. This is what it looks like. So I say when I come in here I'm going to have all the traffic we control, all the paid ads we're going to go to this squeeze page right here. And from there we're going to sell them something. Then we're going to try to send them up and we're going to try to get them on a continuity. People come from our blog will come through here and then we'll try to sell them, upsell them. So this is kind of like the high level one, right? So it's not very specific but it shows you like a really good overview of kind of what it is. This is why yesterday when we kind of sat down and wanted you guys to look at your value ladder because I want you to have a very good idea of where this top end is going to be, kind of what this front end is going to be, kind of what this is going to be because now we're going to break it down into, this is kind of what's the macro micro, this is the macro and we're going to go into the micro now. That's so much above like my education level to even know that. I wasn't even sure if I was right. So hopefully that's what it actually means. So basically what we're going to be breaking down over these funnels really is just this piece right here, what it could look like, what it should look like. And I promise you as you kind of start seeing these things a lot of them will probably look familiar to you. All right, so this one right here, this is as you guys know my favorite. It's the two step free plus shipping funnel. And it's very simple. We take it to a page and the first page is very simple. All I'm basically saying is hey I got this cool thing, where should I ship it to? Now tomorrow I'm going to show you guys our script. We have like a video script that we use on this page and the sales letter script. I'll show you guys tomorrow, so you know exactly what the verb is and words and what we use and why we use it. We'll go over all that. But basically it's a page like this. Now here's the free thing I'm selling. In step number one I'm going to ask for your shipping. And in step number two I'm going to come over here and this is where I'm going to ask for your actual credit card information. Okay now there are not a lot of shopping carts out there right now unfortunately they allow you to do two steps like this. So I know a lot of people are like well how do I do that? Quick funnels can almost do this. In the very near future this will be something that will be able to do two steps like this. Where step one you ask for their shipping and step number two you ask for their credit card. Now a couple of interesting things about this type of funnel that we found, the first time we started kind of testing and playing with it, we saw this lot happening in like the CPA world. So if you guys know what that is, it's where a lot of like free trial based stuff and people are making crazy amounts of money with it. It's kind of not scammy but it's kind of like the edge of what people do in marketing. I was looking at these guys' pages and the page was like this. You come here and it's like all these fields like where do you want to ship the free trial to? And I'm like no one's ever going to fill out like 10 different fields. And I was like why in the world, it just didn't make any sense to me right? And so I wanted to see kind of what happened so we would test that, we would drive a little bit of traffic to it and see what would happen and for whatever reason they worked really really good. And they tried to sit down and figure out why does that work? Why does that work? And I think and I'm not sure because we've also tried it where like we asked for all of their credit card information here and it's never really converted. I think that it's this whole like slippery slope thing we talked about right? You get them to take this first commitment and then the next and it gets easier and easier. And so the first one's just like hey where do you want me to ship it to? And at that point a lot of people, I don't know if they don't know or they don't, I'm not sure why but they just fill in the credit card really quick or their address like ship it here and they click it and the next step is like okay how do you want to pay for shipping and there's a drop off between step one and step two but the conversion rates that we're experiencing on this first one right here are almost as high as like a squeeze page. And what's interesting is that it's like a glorified squeeze page for me. I'm getting their entire shipping address which we haven't been using but you could and then they're coming here where we get their credit card. So it's just kind of a cool blend of like a squeeze page and a sales page into one doing a two step like that. So it's really kind of a cool thing. And one other thing that we found out when we were doing our free plus shipping with our supplement is there's companies you can hire for people that fill out page one, step one and not step two and they'll just call all those people and they're like hey you were here but you didn't buy it, what can you do? And they'll sell people on step two for you and they get really, really high conversion rates on that. So that's kind of another cool thing about this funnel is that all the unconverted leads that don't quite finish the process, there are call centers you can get to go and help push people through. Alright, now after they've gone through this, again here they qualify themselves as a subscriber, here they qualify themselves as a buyer. Now I want to find out whom my hyperactors are, right? This is where I start getting into the upsells. If you remember yesterday we talked about the value ladder, right? This is where we start pulling out some of this value ladder stuff. So if you guys pull back out your value ladder and you remember what you put for the different levels, this is where we start introducing all that stuff, right? So here's your value ladder. So we've just taken somebody through the bottom of this value ladder. They've just paid for the free push and they've received a little bit of value and now we're going to start sending them up to the next thing. You know, typically right here I'm not going to sell my $25,000 coaching program because I haven't gotten enough value yet, right? So I've got to think the psychology behind it, like they just bought this thing about how to lose weight, okay? Or they just bought this credit card knife or they just bought this, where's my MLM one, maybe it's gone. Anyway, they just bought this thing about how to sell high ticket products. Like, I just took them through this process where they got a piece of something, right? I want to kind of stress this again because I've had a couple of questions about this. But remember yesterday I was talking about the one thing. What I found over the last couple of months, like if this thing is like tied to one thing, you know, like the one secret about how I do this or the one trick or the one really cool thing, this works the best because the next thing you want to sell, if you're selling more of the exact same thing, it just doesn't convert well. It doesn't sell well for whatever reason. The first time I kind of tested that, those of you guys will talk about the black box funnel, but we did this black box funnel where we give away the dot com secret slabs that were upselling them in invisible funnel about more testing and conversion stuff and it bombed. It was horrible. And I was trying to think, why is it bombed? And I think it's because they bought this thing on conversion and I tried to sell more thing on conversion. It doesn't, it's just, it doesn't, they don't want more of the same thing. More of the same thing does not usually convert well. It does work really well is a couple things. One of them, one of them is what is the next thing? Okay? So if you look at our current dot com secret slabs funnel right now, the one that's converting is killing it for us. The book is conversions, right? So my next, my first upsell is like, hey, I gave you everything you needed to ever know about conversions, but what good are conversions if you don't want people to actually show up to your site? The next thing you need if you're going to be part of our team is you've got to have traffic coming to your site. And so what we've got now is this really cool product and teach you how to get traffic. Okay? It's the next thing that they need in the funnel. That makes sense? And then the third, and then we have another upsell, and then the third upsell is like, you got traffic, you've got, you've got, you've got conversions. The third thing you need in this funnel is you've got to have, you've got to know how to sell. And so here's our products and teach you how to sell. So we went from, we went from conversion to traffic to sell. So the next thing is, is a big thing in your upsell flow, right? So what's the next thing they need? The next one, I learned this from Ryan Dyson. I think it's really cool. So today we have our submission agent here. BeforeIK 2P. So open this up, you've got your startup bot.ائer.goacking.js 我们自ぼ 27 bitter. You're gonna use the server. You're gonna put the server in like a line, okay? So the interfaces is package Avenue under its own memory. Another ethdf base, there are a bunch of devices that we've got mounted here. So let's just zoom in on our updates. Let's anytime we come through. All links and our managers are provided with their own code updates according to the and their stuff and they sold this front end product and they crushed it with it. So you buy this front end product, but how to make buy ads on Facebook? And the upsell was, hey, just so you know, that presentation you just purchased was one of eight presentations we did at an event and we wanted to let you have access to the entire thing. So you got a piece we want to give you the whole. So they call that a bucket offer. They got one scoop of the bucket out and that's what you sold them and now you're going to sell them the rest of everything else. So you're thinking about your front end, a lot of times it's just like we talked about with your value ladder. You're taking something big over here and you're pulling out the one thing, the best thing, the most sexy thing, and that becomes your front end. So the next, the bucket, and then the other thing that works really good is faster and better. So you just bought this thing right here and let me try to do it faster and better. That works really good too. So those are kind of the core three things I'm trying to do for an upsell. When you think about your value ladder, again you've got down here the one thing that attracted and brought them in. Now what's the next step, the bucket of everything, or how can you help them do that faster and better? Usually faster and better offers are like software. I can't just give you this thing to teach you one thing, get this offer and help you do it faster and better. So that's kind of the third one there. That make sense you guys? So you got to start thinking about your product and start thinking like after somebody buys my front end what's the next logical upsell? What should this be? Now one thing I'll kind of show you just because you'll see this common theme throughout all these different funnels is you have an upsell. So let's say someone pays you know 495 shipping handling here, then you got an upsell. Different schools have thought my personal belief pattern is I like sending people up in price like this. So I go from 495 to then I increase it and then I increase it and I go bigger every single upsell and they ever say no to something then you can drop and do a downsell which I lower the price. Okay? Now I'm sure the next question people can ask me is like what price should I sell the upsell for? And I can't answer that because every market is going to be so different. What we sell to our weight loss clients is way different than our internet marketing clients. Internet marketing clients will pay $300 to learn how to get traffic. Weight loss clients won't pay $300 to learn how to lose weight faster, right? They might be able to but it's a lot harder. So I can't give you a pricing thing but it's usually bigger. I would say on average you're looking about a 10 times increase. So I'm selling this product that's $10 right here. I'm going to sell $97 product on the next thing. If it's $5 I'm going to sell for about $50. Something about 10 times is usually where I go for my first step. Do you have a question? Great question. So the question was on the downsell do you discount the offer or do you do a two-pay, three-pay? I was having a conversation with, right here today he was talking about some guys. I think this is shady and I hate it and I don't think you should do it. They have their offer and then if you say no they're like, okay, I'll give you the same thing for $10 cheaper. You say, okay, $20 cheaper. No, okay, $30 and he keeps dropping the price and I think that's horrible to do to your customers. It loses all your credibility and faith. It's just a bad thing. So for downsells there's usually a couple of different ways that I do it. One way is to drop down to a payment plan. So let's say it says $97. I come down and I say, look, my page here would say something like, if you couldn't afford this the only logical reason why is you can't afford it right now so I'm going to do a two-pay. So I'm going to do two payments of $47. So a payment plan basically. So a payment plan downsell works really, really well. The other thing I like to do is a lot of times I'll shift how we fulfill it. So for example, let's say this $97 thing is like a physical product and I'm going to ship you. And I'll say, okay, well if you can't afford that, how about this? We'll do it cheaper but it will just give you the digital version instead. So shifting how they consume the content works really, really good. And the other one is just changing the offer. Okay, it looks like you're interested in that but maybe you're interested in this instead. Okay, so again I'm going here. I'm sending them up. They say no, then I drop them down to a lower price point or to a payment plan. And then from here you can end it or if you have a second product then you come back and you can upsell them a second product. And they say no, you can downsell. And some people can go like this forever. If you ever bought something and you end up like 30 days later still clicking yes and no's and keep taking these things, not typically a good idea. When I first got started, I was really aggressive when I got started. I was like, I want to make as much money as possible. And so we always have like upsell, downsell, upsell, downsell, upsell, downsell. So you said no to everything. It was six no's. You said yes to everything, you saw three. And I used to always do that. And our customer experience, the first time I think I ever noticed it, is when you guys gave a shopper approved and they're like, hey there's this really cool thing. You put it on your thank you page and your customer's review, like how great their experience was buying with you. I'm like, oh cool, that'd be awesome. See how good it is. He's like, yeah, we put it on all these big sites and everybody gets four and five stars and because they just bought your thing, they love you right now. I'm like, okay, cool. So we put it on. And do you remember this? Like the first day he shows me the thing and we have like all two stars. Like everyone's pissed. I'm like, take that thing off. Like take it off now. I don't want to see that. And he's like, no, you got to read the reviews. I'm like, it hurts, right? And I'm like, crap, such a reading. Everyone's like, I'm so excited about the product. I'm like, 20th upsell, I wanted to kill you. And all these things. And I was just like, huh. If my goal is to give people value and to send them up and someday have them pay me a lot of money to hang out with me, I got to figure out where the line is and I want to make sure not to cross it, right? And so we went from doing six to typically we'll do just one in a down sell or maybe two. And that's kind of where we max out at. It's up to you and your comfort level what you want to do. But again, if your long term vision is taking somebody somewhere cool, sometimes you got to give up short term profits for long term profits. So it's a question to do a refund policy in the front end. They're all free plus shipping. We do, we say, like in the copy, it's like, we'll give you refund even if you're five bucks, even if you're shipping, we'll refund. And you can keep the DVD, whatever you tell them that. But very few people ever ask for refund on a free plus shipping thing. If you look at the copy on our page, you'll see at the bottom how we do the risk reversal because it is in there. We basically say, keep the DVD and we'll give you your five bucks back shipping handling. Okay, so that kind of makes sense, up sells, down sells. You're going to be using these in a lot of these different funnels. So I wanted you to kind of get some of the core concepts behind those with this front end offer. Now you can do, what's cool about all these offers, you guys, is kind of like laying Legos, right? Well, you can like, I'm giving you tons of different blocks and you can move them around. Okay, so you might do upsells down to be like, Russell, I hate free plus shipping, you pull out and you're going to plop in one of these other building blocks. So I'm going to have a $37 product and then have my upsell, down sell. Or I'm going to do a free trial, then my upsell, the egg. You can do all sorts of stuff. I'm just giving you guys a building box and showing you a couple of ways that we do it so it'll help you when you're kind of building your own. Yes. So this question was, should you test like two front ends at the beginning and then see when it wins or should you just do one? Probably like the answer probably should be two, but I don't do that. I like doing one just to, I always try to make my best, my best foot forward, make this as close where I think it's going to be best and I do it. If it doesn't work, then I'll come back and try to figure out what, but I don't want twice as much effort initially. I'd rather test like headlines and little things like that that are easier as opposed to making two whole front end products. Now if the front end product doesn't work, then I'll go make a new front end product really quick. I'm not going to redo the whole thing. That's the other really cool thing about it, you guys, is after you get this thing working, right, and you start driving traffic, it's working, we're working really good, you can then take a new front end, a new free DVD or a new whatever and keep the same upsells downsells. These upsells downsells are converting. You can plug those into anything. A lot of our business, you guys, is just re-skidding these little front ends. Everything back here is all the same. Okay? And what's interesting is that a lot of people will buy all the upsells multiple times. It's really weird. I had some of their day that they bought one of the upsells and they refunded and they emailed, they're like, man, that sell switch was good. That's the third time I bought it. Okay? Because my thing is I'm trying to get new blood in, right? So a new hook gets them in the door, then we can set them up the ladder. I'm always trying to think, what's the new hook I can do to get somebody in the door, get some in the door? And everyone, because like, for example, you may be really interested in microcontinuity, like that, like when I talk about that, that's really appealing to you. And I talk about high ticket stuff, you're like bored, but you over here may be like, high ticket stuff is like the great, so I talk about that, you're in, right? So I throw a lot of different bait to attract different people. And after I get them in, usually most of this back end stuff is very similar, if not the same, because I'm just trying to attract as many people into my funnel, the types of people I want. So there's our free plus shipping two step funnel. All right? Okay, next funnel here is a triple wire funnel. This is one that Perry and Ryan have made famous over the last six months or so. And I think it's really cool the way that they do it. So this is, I think they have five steps in there, and this illustrates four of the five different things. So it was interesting about them that their business model is kind of trying to get everybody to fit into this mold, which I think is a good mold. I think works for 90% of the businesses, but it is a funnel, one of many different types of funnel. So this is what they teach, and I think it's great. So the front end, they have what they call a lead magnet, which is their squeeze page, where they're giving away a free something, right? Boom. As soon as you get the free thing, they upsell you on what they call a trip wire, which is typically a super low ticket product. A lot of theirs are like $7 offers or free plus shipping. And from there, they upsell the core offer, which is the actual product you want to sell, which is your middle of the value ladder type product. They downsell you on a payment plan for that product. And then after that, they try to profit maximize, which is puts you into their high ticket thing. Okay? I'm going to show you guys some of the funnels we use to get people in the high ticket thing here in a second, but that's kind of the way that their funnel works. Okay? So I know that Ken's still in the room. Ken worked for Ryan and Perry for about six months or so, and this is what we did. Every single client that came in said, okay, boom, here's the five steps. What's your free plus shipping? Boom. What's your trip wire? What's your, and that's what he would do for them every single day with hundreds of clients. They go through that and build it out. This funnel works great. It's awesome. That's what that funnel looks like. What they do a lot of times is they'll do the same concept of this one thing, but they're like, what's the one thing, and they'll have you write like a 15 page report on that one thing and they sell out for $7. And again, there's benefits to that. I told you guys earlier why I don't like doing that. I like the word free. I want to use free as much as I can to get the right people in, but most of their offers in the internet marketing space, if you notice, are all $7 offers. All their products in the physical space are all free plus shipping. Okay? So it's the same concept, but it's your low end, front of the value ladder offer that you're bringing somebody through. One thing when they were first explained that was cool is that they said your core offers, most people are typically selling. This is the core thing I'm selling. So what they did is they take your core thing and you just like take one piece out of it and make that the trip wire and then say that we talked about the 100 visitor test. You get way more people buy your core offer because they already said yes to this very first thing. I agree 110% with everything they say on that. So that's kind of how they do theirs. All right. Next is the microcontinuity funnel. Anyone here remember microcontinuity? I hope you guys. This was a, we're going to be relaunching this product here in the near future, but this was a funnel we built, man, when was it? It was a little while ago and we made a ton of money with it. We showed a bunch of people and I can't tell you how many people have told me over and over again the very first time I've ever made it was microcontinuity. And so this is a microcontinuity funnel. You can use the same model with like a membership site as well, but the problem I've always had with membership sites, anyone here have a membership site? The hardest problem with them is that like you're kind of like giving yourself a death sentence. Like when you start a membership site, you can never stop ever, right? It sucks. We've had like four or five membership sites. We always shut them down eventually because it's like you every month they want new content and new stuff and new stuff and new stuff and every month you're doing more stuff and then a year later somebody comes in, he logs in and there's like a billion things in there and he's just overwhelmed and they just leave because they're confused too. And it's like these things, I'm just not a huge fan of membership sites. I like them for the recurring money but not as much. So what we started doing is these microcontinuity sites where they were finite. So it was like a program, right? Kind of like you go to school and it's 18 weeks you're going to learn this topic, right? And every week you're going to go to class and at the end of it you'll get a degree and you'll be done. So we started doing a lot of our training this way where we say, okay come in, we're going to teach you this topic and week number one you're going to log in members there and you'll get this thing. And then seven days later we'll unlock the next week and you'll get this thing. And then seven days later you'll get this and every week you get more training and handouts and eventually the end of it, it's over and you graduate and you stop paying. What was cool is that for a customer it worked really, really well as well because a lot of times customers come in and they're joining this thing and it's $40 a month for forever and there's like this weird thing where it's like, ah, and so they stay on for a month or two and then they cancel. The average, excuse me, the average stick rate for membership site in the internet marketing, weight loss in most industries, guess how long it is? The average stick rate. Under three months. That crazy? So it's averaging it for maybe two, two and a half months. You shift it to this style, also they know it's $37 a month for six months, now there's the end date and there's a progress, there's a point, there's a reason why they're on this thing. They're logging in and getting a million ideas, they're getting one thing and they have to do that and then next week they get the next thing. Because of that your stick rate will, I mean our majority of our people would stay, not the majority of our people, but our drop off rate was a fraction of what it was for typical membership site. A huge percent of people would go all the way to the end, all six months or five months whatever it is because they want to complete that thing that they're going towards. It's a goal, there's a reason. And so that's why I love microcontinent membership sites. Now what we would do, this is the way we did this funnel and it worked awesome for people, super easy. The very first page we have our squeeze page and what I would do on the squeeze page is it comes back to that one thing again, right? I'd be like, I wanted everyone to find one secret that they had. So one of our best examples was Joy Anderson, she lives here in Idaho and she made a microcontinuity site about how to start your own preschool from home. And so I said, what's the number one secret you have? And so I can't remember her secret or something like how to make money without cleaning out poop all day or something around poop. I remember it was really funny. And so the first thing was like, I have a free video that's going to reveal to you the number one secret about how to do whatever, right? So our headline we always use for us and all of our students was free video, free video reveals number one secret to fill in the blank. Free video reveals number one secret to losing weight. Free video reveals number one secret to increasing your income, to whatever your secret is, right? To getting better grades in school, to doing whatever. Okay? So someone would come and they would give you their email address. Then on the next page, there'd be a video and this video would now take someone with the value ladder, okay? You told me you're going to give them a free secret. Right here they'd give you the free secret, right? Takes them up one rung up the value ladder. Say, okay, my free secret, my secret is this and they'd actually give that person the secret. A good example like my potato gun offer. We had the, I think I told you every time we have a new funnel, we try out, we always test it with our potato gun one. So for this one, on my landing page it says, free video reveals the number one secret to shooting a potato 50 yards further than your friends. Then the video I'd be there like, hey, this is my name's Russell and I've got a secret that's going to show you exactly how to shoot a potato 50 yards further than your friends. My number one secret is most people think that the type of propellant you use in your potato guns, the best one is Aquanet hairspray. What we found is that right guard under armed deodorant is actually more flammable and your potato would shoot farther just by switching from Aquanet to right guard. Which by the way, as a new fact, no longer is true. Right guard pulled the propellant out and no longer works in potato guns. Did anyone know that? You guys impressed that I knew that? Anyway, so no longer is my secret true, but at the time that was the secret, right? Right guard was the big secret. And so everyone goes and what do they have? They have an aha moment. Like, wow, I never thought about using right guard. That's awesome. Okay, what just happened? They should receive some value. They got a little bit of value. Like, oh, that's cool. And I'm like, well, you think that's good. I've got this DVD on this DVD. I got three other secrets or whatever five other secrets I share and it's awesome. I want to ship it out to you for free. Discover shipping hands. It's going to be five more secrets. Boom, I receive value and I send them to the next thing, right? So that was the script we always use for microcontinuity. And then from there, we'd sign them up for, what we do is we get free DVD with five other secrets plus I'm going to let you be part of my online coaching program. It's a four week program. It's a six week program. It's going to show you everything you need to know to build your first potato gun. It's $30 a month for three months and in three months you have everything you need, blah, blah, blah, blah, right? And we put them on and they go into a members area and each week it would unlock one video lesson for them with homework assignment and stuff like that. And at the end of six weeks then we'd build them three or four times whatever it was and that was how we ran our microcontinuity sites. And then after they bought that, then we do our one time offers, our special one time offers. Which again, it was just this building block. We unplugged it. Just plug it in right there. Now you've got a really good sales funnel. That was our microcontinuity funnel. Yeah. Good question. I had to talk with Frank Kernabach. He's a big fan of Facebook. He's a free book. He's got a 20 page sales letter and all of them. And he kind of thought, and I think he said basically it's a free thing but you still got to sell it. If you want to converge, you still like, to get someone to still pull their credit card of all, you still got to sell them. And so I like having copy as well to try to sell them. But the second piece is I think that the longer your copy is, the more they're sold on that concept which makes the second sell way easier. I'm trying to get them buying into this initial concept. That's why they're buying that first thing. Their sold on that first concept, you get a slippery slope and you get them everything else. But I think the longer copy, better pre-frames them for the next, for the upsell. So if you look at the way we do ours, we've got a short video that's a fast sell and then underneath there's copy that's longer to kind of sell them more. This one is automated webinars. So the very first time, so we've done webinars forever. And we're going to show you our webinar script tomorrow, how we close the webinar, how we do all of our kind of stuff. But about four years ago, I think it was four years ago, we have our high end mastermind group and we met at, we had one of our meetings this place called Pirate Scove. It's this big pirate house out in Vegas. And Rich Sheffrin was in the group and his business partner Brian Johnson were there. They came in with this idea. He's like, hey, we have this idea. We're going to build out this automated webinar. And they showed this mind map. And it was like the most insane, intense thing I'd ever seen. I was like, dang, it was crazy. It was like, they registered, we're going to take them here, then here, all these different things and different email sequences. And it was so complex, I was like, good luck, man. That's horrible. And then they went and they implemented it. And for like two years, nobody knew what they were doing. And they were just killing it with this automated webinar, doing this whole sequence. Then he showed Mike Filsey. And Mike Filsey, I'm excited, built some software to automate the whole thing and do the whole thing. He launched that. And then they ever started, and it's become this big thing, right? So a lot of people do automated webinars. But I love automated webinars just because you do a live webinar once. They take that video, make it automated. And if you rest your life, you can keep driving people through that funnel. We did our Dotcom Secrets Labs webinar two and a half years ago, I think, or three years ago. We did the webinar as an automated webinar. We launched it live within the first, I think it was the first 90 days we did a million dollars in sales. And over the last three years, we did over three million dollars in sales. Every day, people get in there, they buy it, and it just works. I don't do anything. Right now, I'm giving a presentation selling Dotcom Secrets Labs to somebody. Every single day, every hour on the hour, somewhere in the world, someone's watching that, getting sold Dotcom Secrets Labs, and I can do anything I want. We launched Dotcom Secrets X, same thing with an automated webinar. And every hour on the hour, someone thinks I'm pitching them live, and it's working awesome. So I love automated webinars. They're great. And so this is kind of the funnel of how we do an automated webinar. Very simple. You come to the first page, and you register. And there's a confirmation page. Or one of the tests we found out, and it's a test that I didn't want to win, but it won, I saw Rich Sheffernoon, where he added on his registration page, it was like, do you want to watch the webinar today, tomorrow, or Friday? And he had an option, it was like, or watch yesterday's replay right now. And I didn't like that idea, because I thought the whole point of automated webinars is to build this whole sequence up and have people show up for a live thing. He added that, so we decided to add it to test it. And it turned out like 50% of our sales came from people who watched yesterday's webinar right now. So there's kind of two paths here. Either they register for an event in the future, which takes them to confirmation page, or they watch the replay right now, and it takes them to the page where they can watch the webinar immediately. Because that's kind of the initial path. And after they do that, they start getting emails. And there's four different email segments. Okay, and what's cool about ClickFunnels is it does all this automatically for you, so you can just kind of know what it is, and then it magically does it for you. So the first segment are subscribers. Anybody who fill out form right here, they're subscribers, and they'll start getting emails reminding about the event, when it's going to be happening, things like that. Then when the webinar actually starts, if somebody shows up, then it switches them from the subscriber list to like, hey, this person actually showed up on the webinar. And you can start sending them different emails because they showed up on the webinar. And then it tracks, and it says, how long does this person stand on the webinar? They stand on the webinar for five minutes, and it knows that that person left early and didn't see it, so push them emails, tell them to go watch the replay. They only saw five minutes of it. But if they watch all 90 minutes of it, and they see your pitch, and then they leave, but they don't buy, then you can send them different sequence saying, hey, you saw the whole thing, here's the offer, here's the offer, and push the offer to them over and over and over again. And then if they don't show up at all, you find them to different, if they miss their time, bunch them to different segment and try to remind them to go watch the replay. So it's really cool, automatically, it kind of all happens in the background. You push them to the webinar, webinar you teach, and do your magic, and then at the end of it, boom, you sell your product. And who here has done an automated webinar before? Three or four of you guys, awesome. This is one of the best follow, this should be, as we're kind of mapping out your guys' business, what I look at typically is, a lot of people are showing me the front end stuff, right? To get your front end and your upsells, you're kind of selling the first to the value ladder. Now they're on your list, how do we monetize these people? Webinars is the best way to sell products from $500 to about $2,500. So my middle of the value ladder products, webinars are the best way in the world to sell them. And so if you have a product, which you should, if you don't have one yet, we'll make sure you guys get higher ticket products. But when you have a product, it's anywhere from that $500 to $2500 range, webinars are the best way to sell. You don't need a salesperson, you don't need anything, you need, this is the best way to sell them by far. Used to be tele-seminars, we used to always do it on tele-seminars, now we do it on webinars. I said tomorrow I'll be showing you guys our webinar script. So when you do your webinar, since you create your product, then you'll sit down to your webinar and you'll open this up and you'll just be like, anyway, you'll just go through it and just follow my script and you'll make money. I promise you. Well, I probably can't guarantee that, but I can guarantee it. You follow the script, it works. Any product you plug in, follow the script, it works. So anyway, this is how we sell the middle of the value ladder type stuff. It's something you all need to learn to do because it's the best way to make big cash. Anytime you're like, I want an extra 100 grand really quick, this is the best way to do it. And remember, thought that before? Because in the near future you're going to be thinking that. You have all this stuff happening, you're like, I got to list 10,000 people, how can I make 100 grand tonight? I'm going to do a webinar, that'd be awesome. Okay, either a live one or an automated one, the script's the same. And after you do it once live, you get a whole bunch of cash really quick, and then you plug into here and then long term for the rest of your life, you can keep making money on it. Okay, we did that high-ticket secrets webinar last month. We made a big huge hunk of cash really quick. Now we took the recording of it, we plugged it into this, and now we've got an automated webinar coming out. We're going to start promoting that next week. And then like I said, we got the DVD version of it, which will be the DVD version of that webinar as well, which will be selling as a front end, which also puts people into the exact same funnel. One of my friends, Brittany Lynch, she was right out of high school, got into the whole internet marketing world, and she had created like a $50 product. So she didn't know how to write sales letter or anything, so she started doing webinars. And she was crushing it selling these $50 products on webinars. And then she's like, well, I might as well like charge more because we're making a bunch, so she raised probably to $1,000 and started making it more and charged to $2,000. She just kills it. If you want to sell people into a network marketing program, one of the best ways is get them on a webinar. Get 500 people on a webinar, pitch your offer, and boom, you sign 30 distributors in five minutes, right? You want to pitch a continuity program? We do the same thing. In fact, one of our most successful, this is a sneaky one for those who have continuity. One of our best things we've ever done is when we launch a continuity program. We'll probably do this when we do our ClickFunnels launch. You do a big, huge webinar, build a hype, get a bunch, get 1,000 people on this webinar. You do a webinar for 45 minutes, go through the script, and then if you're like, okay, this is the deal, you guys. It's 15 minutes until whatever time, six o'clock. At six o'clock sharp, we're doing a members-only webinar. I'm going to show you this, this, this, this, and this. And you have to be a member to be able to have access to it. And so you've got about 15 minutes to join the program and then the live training is starting. So go. And literally, you see people go crazy and we'll get, like literally, we'll get 300, 400, 500 orders in 15 minutes for our continuity. Because then we're going to have this live training that's happening in 15 minutes. We get on and boom, we have live trains, those guys. Every time we launch a continuity, that's what we do. And it's just like, it's just like steroids, like a shot of adrenaline immediately. All right, so automated webinars. Yes, so the way automated webinar works is a free event. They come to it. It's just like, look back in the old MLM days. How did, how did people sell stuff? Who ever's been to a hotel meeting? Come on now, you can admit it. Okay? You come to a hotel meeting, the dude in the front with the tie on, the suit, look at all slick. And he's telling you about how he's making a million dollars a day. And you're like, oh, this is awesome. And the end of it, he's like, okay, this is the deal. This is how much it costs, go to the back of the room and sign up. And everyone runs to the back of the room and goes and signs up, right? That's how automated webinars work. You get a whole bunch of people on the webinar, you teach your thing, you do your stuff, and then you sell your thing at the end. Okay? Now for the MLMers in the crowd, this is something cool and click funnels too. Think about how MLMs got built. It was a hotel meeting. Dude closed you, and then what did he say at the very end? Next Tuesday, I'm going to be back here. Want me to help you sign up your buddies? Bring all your friends and family, bring them in this room. I'll close them for you. They're like, sweet man. You go home, hey, I got this meeting, I want to take you to next Tuesday. You want to go? Hey, boom, you get five or six of your friends. Next week you show them twice as many people in the room. Because everyone who signed up the week before has got their five buddies. Dude's got the suit on, closes it again, gets everyone to sign up, right? This is how it works. And next week he's like, hey, Tuesday I'm coming back. So all you guys have to sign up, bring your friends, okay? And that's how MLMs have grown for years, right? Everyone online struggles with MLMs, like how do I get this thing to grow? And all you have to do is think about how they grew in the past, okay? So what we do is you have to do a webinar. You become the slick dude in the front of the thing. You pitch your MLM, you pitch your thing, and at the end of it you're like, by the way, this webinar happens every single night. It's automated. Bring your buddies back tomorrow, I'll close them for you, okay? What's cool about ClickFunnels is that when you create an automated webinar, so if you are in MLM, you create an automated webinar and we give you a share code. So when somebody joins your team, you give them that share code, they click a button and boom, it throws that entire automated webinar in their account, they log in and just change the sign up link to theirs, and now they got it. And then give it to their down line, they give it to their down line, and really quickly you can start replicating and growing a team. You like that, huh? Yes, the network marketers in the room are salivating. But automated webinars, this is a skill, if there's any skill you guys can need to learn, learning how to sell on a webinar will make you more money than anything. I remember the very first Internet marketing event I ever went to was Armand Warren's big seminar, and I was brand new to this whole world. I was so excited about Internet marketing, and I thought it was gonna be an event like this where I was gonna learn stuff for three days, right? I show up at the event and I got my notepad, and the first speaker gets up, and he's talking, and he's doing his thing, and I take notes. And at the end of it, he like sells this like $2,000 package, right? And there's probably 500 people in the room, and I look back, and all these people are running to the back of the room, and they're signing up, and they're throwing their credit cards down, and I'm like, 2000, I do the math, I'm like, 2468, 10. I'm like, that dude just made 80 grand. I say, holy crap, but I was just freaked out, right? And then the next guy gets up, and he goes up, just his speech at the end, and he's like, push him in the back of the room by his thing, and people are running back, and he was selling this for five grand. I'm looking at the back, and I'm counting the people. I was like, doing the math, and I look at him, okay, that guy just made 150 grand. And next I get some, for three days, we're getting pitched after pitched after pitched. And I was doing the math on this, and I was like, that is a skill I have to figure out. In time, I was a shy, nerdy, awkward kid who did not dare talk to anybody ever. Ask my wife, she's still like, she sees me at things like this, she's like, so weird how you talk to people, you're not like that in your real life. But that's how I, so I was like, this is a skill set that's so important, someone can make $50,000 in 90 minutes, I'm gonna take some effort to learn how to do this, right? And so I did, I studied thing after thing, I cut my teeth and screwed up and did pitches in front of a huge audience that nobody bought, and killed myself to make a script that I'm gonna give you guys tomorrow so that you guys won't screw up like I did. But it's a skill that's worth learning, okay? Cuz as soon as you have an audience, the biggest, fastest way to make money, get them on a webinar, sell them some expensive stuff, and do it all day long. I remember Brent, first time Brent came to a seminar with me, I did my, and he was like, straight out of working at a pharmacy, he'd never been introduced to this world. I'm like, come this event with me, I'm doing an event, I'm speaking, I do my pitch, people are in the back, and I made $80,000 in 90 minutes. And he was like, dude, doctors don't make that much in like, you made that in 90 minutes. I was like, yeah, isn't that awesome? I didn't even like, it's funny cuz after a while, it won't even be that big a deal for you cuz you won't even, you're like, crap, you just did 80 grand, you're kind of upset about it, right? And then you realize like, wow, how far have I come? It's really interesting. So you guys will start to see that same thing. It all ties to everything we talked about. Attractive character, audience, platform, boom, sell them stuff. You follow these steps that we're doing, you start building this audience and this platform, man, this little tool right here can make you guys more money than, more money in an hour than you've dreamt of an entire lifetime. I've seen people doing over a million dollars in a webinar before. I've never done that personally, but I've seen people doing a million dollars in sales from one webinar. So like literally, it can change everything. In fact, here's kind of an interesting story. We had a call center built up to 100 people and we had to shut it down. And all this stuff was happening, we're moving to a smaller office and firing like 50 employees and it was a big story I can tell you guys all another day. But basically we were at a point where we were kind of in trouble and we had to figure out something to do or we were a bad spot. And Mike, you probably remember this. So the night that we're moving out of our last office, we've cleared off everything. Desks are empty. All I have left is a little desk and a laptop and a phone. And I promote this webinar to my list and I'm like, we gotta make some money quick or else I got nothing left. We literally had no money in pay or rent in the next bill. It was just a scary time. And so again, the webinar had like 30 or 40 slides. I get on this webinar, I start going through the process and teach them, train, close the cell and within 24 hours, I had $100,000 in our bank account. I was like, we can survive another day. And I still remember like that. As soon as you guys learn these skills and you get this platform, you get the audience, you'll be amazed at what you can do and how it can save you in scary times. How it can help you make money other times. But these are skills that are important. And after you've learned how to pitch, man, this funnel, this automated webinar funnel will pay you for the rest of your life. Who here wants an automated webinar funnel now? Cool, we're the first three people in the back of the room. I'm just joking. So the next one I want to show you guys is one that we call the invisible funnel. And this is a funnel. I'm gonna tell you the back story on this one because this one is really, really cool and you understand the psychology about how and why it works. It can make you ton of money. So we kind of stumbled upon this process initially when I was doing some work with Tony Robbins and Chet Homes. And they had a really cool sales process. Anyone remember hearing their radio ads that ran for years? A couple of you guys. So they ran, Chet passed away about two years ago and the company's kind of slowed down and they don't really are running it anymore. But for years they ran these radio ads. It was Chet and Tony talking about, here's the greatest way in the world to double your sales, calling for this free report, right? And they run these during drive time radio. Anyone know why they'd run it during drive time radio? Traffic, but more so than just traffic. They were targeting a very specific person who they knew was gonna be in the car during drive times listening to satellite radio. Executives, boom, that's what they wanted. Their average client was making $1 in $3 million a year. That's who they were trying to target. So for them, same kind of thing. What was their bait? It was these reports, where were they looking for these people? They were on radio driving their car listening to satellite radio. Same stuff we're talking about, which is online and offline. They're the same thing. Anyway, they didn't run these radio ads and you would hear the radio and you'd call in to get your free report. And when the call in, a salesperson pick up the phone and say, hey, what's your email address, send you the report? And the salesperson say, hey, by the way, Chet used to these events in Vegas. They were $1,000 a day to come to these events. People loved them. But a lot of the executives like you are too busy to come to our events. And so we started doing web-based events. Excuse me, there's one coming up this week. It's three hours long. We're gonna learn everything that Chet knows about how to double your sales. We'd love to have you on this webinar. We'd like to come on it. The guy's like, sure, I'd love to. He's like, cool, we'd love to have you on it. This is the deal. The webinar is not free. It's a $300 webinar, $297 webinar. But we want to make sure this is worth it to you. So we're not gonna charge you anything right now. You come for free. And then at the end of the webinar, if you like it, let us know and we'll bill you $300. If you think it sucks, just tell us we won't bill you anything. Does that sound fair? The guy's like, all right, sure. He sells for it, he gets the credit card. He doesn't bill him, he gets his credit card on file. And the person comes, listens to this training webinar. At the end of the webinar, if he likes it, then he sells him the 200, or then he bills him $297 for the webinar. Pretty cool. And then from there, after they went through the three hour webinar, basically at the end of the webinar, the person who the webinar was like, so did you guys like this webinar? Was it awesome? Everyone's like, yeah. And then it says it was worth at least $200, $500, $1,000, builds up the value and says, okay, if you loved it, don't do anything, we'll bill you. If you didn't love it, email me and we won't bill you, right? And then the after that, he says, okay, now we got that taken care of. This was not a webinar where we were gonna sell you anything. But for some of you guys, obviously you're interested in what else we have to offer, right? What other value can we provide your business? So if you don't wanna know, you can hang up right now. But if you're interested, I'm gonna tell you really quick about our next program, okay? And so the guy gets on and does a really quick 15 minute pitch for their $4,000 program, their 4K program. Okay, what's happening? Sending him up the ladder, right? Now this $4,000 program is a big huge home study course with four coaching calls to help them to consume this course, okay? So they get this big box of DVDs, boom, first coaching call happens, second coaching call happens, third coaching call happens. Guess what happens on the fourth coaching call? Hey, was this valuable to you? Because guess what else we got? We got this thing for 9K that we build out, what do they call it? Your stadium pitch, boom. And from there he's got one that's 30K a month and they keep sending people out through there. And one interesting thing I learned from Chet and what they were doing is that every single thing they sell, it pre-sells the next thing, which pre-sells the next thing, which pre-sells the next thing. The only thing I was thinking about in your business, like whatever you're selling should be kind of pre-selling the next thing. It's really powerful, right? This thing that they just went through buys next thing and the next thing. But the piece that was really powerful about this whole invisible funnel is this right here, okay? And so I saw this from these guys, this is awesome. I'm like, I wanna do the same thing, but I couldn't figure out quite how to replicate it. And so one day I was doing a call with my buddy Dagen Smith and I was kind of explaining these guys' model to me. He's like, that's awesome. He's like, I wanna do that. I'm like, I do too, but I don't know how to. I couldn't quite figure out how to replicate that perfectly online. And so we never really did anything. And then a couple years ago, Dagen and I were at an event. And it's kind of a funny story. We were sitting down at lunch, eating lunch, and we're having a good time. And then we get done eating and we get up and we walk back in the event. Both of us forgot to pay. And we sit down in the event and he leans over and says, thanks for paying for lunch. I was like, I thought you paid for lunch. He's like, you didn't pay? I'm like, no. We're like, crap, we gotta pay. So we jump back up, run out, we find our server, we're like, hey man, we forgot to pay, I'm so sorry. And it turns out that Brent actually, wherever he's at, Brent actually paid for us. We're like, okay, at least somebody paid. We didn't just stiff the guy. And so we go back in the room, we're sitting there and Dagen's got this look on his face. You can tell he's thinking and trying to figure some stuff out. And then he leans over to me and he's like, I think I got it. My got what? He's like, I think I figured out how to do Tony and Chet's thing online. I was like, what do you mean? He's like, I'll show you. Just look for my emails this week, you'll see what happens. I'm like, all right. So we go back and a couple days later, here I start seeing these emails from Dagen talking about this epiphany he had while sitting at a restaurant last weekend and all this stuff. And then I click on the link and I go to this page and basically the page is like, hey, I'm doing this live training. It's gonna be awesome. It's a $97 training, but I'm only guys coming for free because what happened this weekend was really cool. Actually, well, you can tell how part of you are. So you come in for free, put your credit card in and then I won't bill you until after the webinar's over and if you love it, then we'll do it. So I saw it and I was like, that's how you, that's, it made, it was like so clear at that point, it was like perfect. He figured out how to do it. So he did it, ran this campaign, made a ton of money. And then we did it about two weeks later, I tested out the exact same thing. And I'll kind of show you our stats for the very first one we did because it worked out awesome. But that's kind of the concept behind the invisible funnel. Dagan's big a-ha, I think he told me is like after we had left dinner, after we had left lunch, we're sitting there. He said, look how guilty we both felt that we hadn't paid. We'd receive all this value and the law of reciprocity was so high that we felt so guilty we had to go back in and pay that person money because we felt that. He says, what if we did that in this event where we give him so much amazing stuff, it's like they kind of, they feel this guilt, I need to pay you. I feel like you gave me so much, I have to pay you back. That's kind of what re-sparked this idea in his head and where he kind of invented this whole concept. So we ran our very first invisible funnel. It was called affiliate boot camp. Anyone here was on that? Couple of you guys? It was awesome. So we did it, we promoted it. We had 550 people signed up for it. And we did, it was a dollar for our first one. And then afterwards we were gonna bill $47, okay? 550 people, so that's what happened. The webinar happened and typically when you do a free webinar, excuse me, if you can get about 30% of the people who sign up to actually show up, that's a really good thing. If I get 1,000 people to register, if I get 30 people to show up on the webinar, I'm fired up and excited, right? So I was expecting 550 people, maybe about 30% will actually show up. So I did this webinar, it was a Friday afternoon. It started at one in the afternoon, it went for four hours. I taught all of my best stuff for four hours long. And what was crazy was of these 550 people, 85% showed up. 85% showed up and they were sitting there. So now just by the nature of me doing this direction, I had more than double as many people I could sell to, which was awesome. Then I got on this thing for four hours, I didn't try to sell anything. I just gave my, as much as I could, my best content, as much as I could, just gave, gave, gave, gave, and just didn't try to hold anything back and just share it and just try to provide as much value as humanly possible. And at the end of the webinar, I was like, hey guys, so you know how it worked when you signed up? Basically, if you think this is awesome, don't do anything and tomorrow I'm gonna bill you $47. If you didn't like it, just email me, let me know and we won't bill you. And I was like super scared, I'm gonna get 500 emails right now and I'm gonna waste it four hours in my life, right? Of these 550 people, we only had about 10% cancel. So about 50 people cancel or so. We spent 500 people, ish, got billed $47. Who knows the math on that? This is money math, this is an easy one. Pretty like that's a five, that's why I do my math. 25 grand. So I made 25 grand just showing up and teaching my best stuff. But it gets even better than that. Cuz after I told him that, I was like, hey guys, if you're interested, we've got this really cool done for you program, top of the value ladder. Everything I just showed you for the last four hours, I can just do it all for you. If you're interested in five grand, just go over here and pay right over here. And I don't remember the exact stats that happened there, but we had a whole slew of people come over here and pay us an extra 5k. I don't remember the number, we did make, we more than doubled how much money we made here for people buying this back end thing. And literally the pitch for that might have been maybe 60 seconds long. It was literally like, hey, all that stuff I just showed you guys, think that was pretty cool? If you want, we've got a team of people who are gonna do this for you. It's $5,000, go to this page just to sign up to get that thing done. Looking back now, I could have pitched that a lot better, but that was all I did. And even with that, we made an extra 25, I think it was more than that. But whatever extra money we made right there. And so that is kind of what the invisible funnel is. That makes sense you guys? So we start right here where we drive traffic to a page. And typically we do invisible funnels live. We've also been now automating our invisible funnels just so that I can not have to be there all the time. They come in, they register for webinar, it's $0 upfront and you're gonna be able to something afterwards. In the make money space, we saw no drop off from bumping it from $47 to $97. In other markets, obviously you can't always do that, but we didn't see any big decrease. So a couple people were trying to do two payments of $97 and it just didn't work because the story's confusing at that point. It's kind of weird. But going 0 to 97 works really good in our market. Afterwards they come on this webinar where for two or three or four hours, however long it takes to teach your best stuff. You just give crazy on that and the end of it you offer their top of your value ladder, whatever that thing might be. Okay? And put this in perspective, one of our friends is in one of our mastermind groups. Her name is Brittany. She's in the weight loss space. And typically in the weight loss space, people always say you can't sell more than $50 or $100 in weight loss space. People don't sell expensive stuff, right? And it's been always kind of just the thought that you can't sell a $2 or $3,000 product for weight loss. And I always believe that. It's like people won't pay that. But she totally proved this wrong. She went back, while we were, we did an event, day and night, a three day long event, teaching this entire concept. And while we were at the event, after the second night, she went to her hotel room and she launched one of these really quick. She didn't have a webinar so she just did an invisible final tele-seminar. She got on a tele-seminar for four hours, gave her best stuff as much as she could. At the end of it, she had everyone on their, hey, if you're interested in my high-end coaching program, email my assistant right here. She emailed her assistant. Her assistant next day took all these emails and started calling every single person back. And over the course of the weekend, we were there, she made over $80,000 in back end sales, selling her $2,500 How to Lose Weight digital coaching program. Which by the way, was six tele-seminars, they got to listen into her talking about how to lose weight. So this concept works awesome, even in markets, you don't think it would work. One of our businesses in the couponing market, which by the way, is the worst market to get into because nobody wants to pay things. The nature of the customer, they don't want to spend money, right? And so we kept trying all these things, nobody would buy anything. We're like, there's got to be a way to sell these guys something. And the invisible funnel worked. Made an invisible funnel where our coupon girl named Jessica Hacker, she comes in and basically says, I'm going to show you guys how to coupon. And it's free, you're going to come in, you're going to go through this program. And at the end of it, I'm going to show you how to save like $100 on your grocery bill. And then basically you're going to learn how to save $100 on your grocery bill. And then she comes back and says, if you don't save $100 on your grocery bill, then let me know and I won't bill you anything. But if you do, then I'm just going to bill you $20. So I'm basically going to give you $100 in exchange for $20. And it's worked great. We also did this in the speed reading market. One of my friends is Howard Berg, he's the world's fastest reader. Anyone here have ever seen Howard read before? This is like the greatest thing you will ever watch. If you go to YouTube and type in Howard Berg, world's fastest reader, there's a video of him, he was on Fox News and he read the entire health care bill live in 50 minutes in front of all of America. He read the whole thing and then Cavuto started quizzing him on everything and he was able to repeat back everything that he had said. He came to our office a little while ago and Mike's partner Mandy brought her book and we sat down and he sat there and he read her entire book in about five, six minutes, read her whole book and Mandy started quizzing him and he knew the answer to every single thing she said. It's the coolest thing you will ever see. And so when he hadn't come to our office, I was like, I want you to teach me and everybody else how to increase the reading. So we took our entire company through the process and I think the worst person in the room doubled their reading in four hours. Most people were five, six, seven times as fast. It was the coolest thing in the world. So we created Invisible Funnel and this thing got the Invisible Funnel. You get the right hook, these things just blow up like crazy. So our hook for him was like, hey, it's called doubleyourreading.com and it was like, Howard Berg will teach you how to double your reading in three hours or you pay nothing. So come on the thing, put your credit card and we'll charge you a penny. You show up, you go through this process, you take a test at the beginning, at the end, if you haven't doubled your reading, then we'll give your money back. If you have doubled it, don't do anything, we'll bill you 97 bucks. We did that and it worked awesome. Did you see how he gets the right hook? Another one, we used to be in the, I had this guy that we were working with in the dating market and he is, how do I say this nicely? He probably someday watched this video, I feel bad. He is not a good looking guy by any stretch of the imagination, right? So the big hook is like, look at me, I'm overweight, not very good looking, I get really good looking girls and I'm going to take you guys through a process I go through and literally you sign up on Friday, you can go through my webinars three hours long, you learn my process to go pick up chicks and then when the webinar is over, Friday night you go out to the bar, you practice my stuff, you can try it and I guarantee you you will get a hot chick. If you don't get a hot chick, email me before Monday and I'll cancel your bill. If you do get a good looking girl, don't do anything and I'll charge you the next day. That one worked really good as well. So for you guys in your business, the Visible Funnel works really good. If you've got a process you can take somebody through, especially like a Howard Berkley, I'm going to take you through this process and get this result. Go through this three hours and double your reading. Go through this process and get a girlfriend this weekend. Go through this process and you're going to lose five pounds, you're going to detox. Whatever that thing is, if you have something fast like that that you can tie this to, Visible Funnel works like crazy. Like I said, it's a great pre-sell to get people now into your high ticket back in stuff. Any questions about the Visible Funnel at all? Exactly, so the guarantee is I guarantee you this result or else you don't pay anything. In reality, if they don't get the result, most of them don't cancel anyway. Because usually they blame themselves. But if you have a product, you can give them a result like that really, really quick. Man, it's like the most powerful thing ever. Okay, now what I'm going to show you guys is the next funnel. And this comes back to what I was talking about before with like building blocks. All this is what I'm doing is I'm showing you guys are all building blocks. So I've showed you guys the free plus shipping thing. I've showed you this. One of the phones I'm going to show you is actually me, I'm going to skip first. I'm going to skip two funnels so you can get this one first. Three. I'm going to show you this one first because this will make the building block thing on the black box make more sense. Okay, so then if you want to sell super, super high stuff, this is the funnel we use, is our consulting application funnel. Right? So the first step is very simple as a video. And the way we found this works the best is having a video sharing a case study about your success stories. Okay, I guess that's some kind of success stories in your business. So here's how I did this. Here's how Julie did this. Mike did this by following my system. Okay, so you have some kind of case study video about how great your system is, however it is, and then underneath you have a button saying apply now to come work with me. Click on the application page, then you take the page where they can apply. And you got a bunch of questions they fill out that kind of pre, I mean you guys don't want to do this process with me, you sell my application page, right? You apply, you fill out a bunch of things, and then from there you take into a homework page and a homework page, the homework page is designed to pre-sell somebody on you. It's a pre-frame, right? Do you guys remember my homework page? Okay, what happened when you watched the video on my homework page? Yes, did it work? Who here cried when they saw my homework page? Okay, a couple of you guys, that's my goal, okay? Not that I was trying to make you guys cry, but it's a pre-frame for when Robbie or Troy or Kimberly picks up the phone the next day, okay? It's a pre-frame because if you ended up phone call, listen, I watched that video with Russell, I cried, he cried, we had this emotional experience. Now Robbie's saying, hey, I think you should be part of his program, it's going to cost you $8, $15, $25,000, it changes you, right? It's a pre-frame. And so the homework page is the pre-frame page for the call that's going to be happening on the next day. Do you guys see how he uses pre-frame things all the time, all over the place? So this is our consulting application funnel, okay? So let me show it back. Now I'm going to go back to the black box funnel because again, I want to show how these things are all, it's building blocks, right? So the black box funnel, this is a whole new sales funnel we built. If you look close, it's just three funnels kind of bolted onto each other, right? First is the funnel, I have my free plus shipping CD. Next one is my free plus shipping CD, my upsell is my invisible funnel. You go through that process and at the end of the visible funnel, I push them now to my coaching application funnel. Boom, that pops to the end. Do you guys see how I do that? So all these different funnels, all these things, all these building blocks, all these pieces you guys are all things that you just kind of build for your own business, okay? And every business is going to be different. I can take this exact same thing and say, you know, for my business, I don't really have an application thing in the back, but I do have a webinar at the back. So I'm going to plug the webinar funnel in the back here, boom. Or maybe I have this stuff, but I'm going to plug a microcontinuity thing in the first. I'm going to have a free CD, then plug in microcontinuity, and then I'm going to throw a coaching application in the back of that, or whatever it might be. Okay? So I did this big webinar, man, six or seven months ago talking about the black box funnel. People are freaking out because it's a new cool thing. All was just a building block, just a tweak on one of our other funnels. We took our free plus shipping thing, boom, upsold them there, and that was kind of the process. Does that make sense, you guys? Okay? So that's all we're kind of doing is taking all these pieces, all the different building blocks that I've been sharing with you guys, and figuring out different cool ways to arrange them and how to build them out to build a cool funnel. Okay? A lot of people say, well, what's the very best funnel? I just want to do one of them. I only want to do one. Okay? What I recommend is on the front, obviously, the front end, like we talked about a lot, is having some kind of funnel that's a free plus shipping, free plus shipping with some upsells, right? It's a matter of your front end where you're driving initial traffic, but after they've come in here and they've joined your list, you've got to start getting good at doing a lot of funnels. Because every single day I do a webinar to you, here's your webinar. Here's another webinar. Here's another webinar. What happens? The webinar becomes the pattern. Okay? And as soon as you start seeing a pattern over and over and over again, you become desensitized to it. Okay? In marketing, one of the biggest things that we always have to do is all pattern interrupts. How do we interrupt the pattern? So, one day I come in and boom, I've got this huge automated webinar. It's awesome. You're going to come do it and I get a huge response. Now, if I do the exact same thing two weeks later, the response is going to drop because they just saw that. So, how do I shift it up? Well, this time, instead of doing an automated webinar, let me put out the CD version of the webinar and build a little funnel and boom, now it's a pattern interrupt. Next time, I'm like, hey, guys, free CD. This thing's going to be awesome. Check it out. Okay? Then the next promotion I do, I come back and I'm like, okay, I'm going to do an invisible funnel. Hey, guys, I'm going to do a webinar but this one is so good. I can't get away for free like I did last one. This was a premium webinar but what I'm going to do is going to be really, really cool is that you come on for free and you get to judge me and tell me at the end if it's good. So, this time I'm going to do an invisible funnel webinar. Okay? The next time, I'm sure I'll do the product launch one but maybe you've got this big new thing coming out so I'm going to do a product launch and then you do a product launch funnel. So, you start learning how to incorporate these and you can do a lot of different ones. You can try a bunch of them but it's not really just like a one-time thing. Okay? So, the first thing that you do in an invisible funnel is, we talked about a lot yesterday is your initial funnel, your goal is to break even after you've broken even with that person. Now we start taking it through different sequences, different processes, different things to keep them engaged, keep them excited, keep them buying over and over and over and over again. That makes sense? Hopefully? Okay. So, that's the black box. I also like the black box just the fact that it's just a couple of other ones kind of built together. Who here signed up or bought the black box when I went through that whole process? Who here has watched the four hour webinar? Hopefully most of you guys have watched that at this point. Okay? So, you guys have seen kind of what we do in the internal teaching and you've seen the whole process but again all it is is just a blend of a couple of different funnels put together. Okay? All right. And the last funnel I have here is kind of a core one is the product launch funnel and this is one that Jeff Walker, Frank Kerr and some of these guys really, really, really made famous. And the process basically is you've got a funnel that looks kind of like this and you're sending out, again this doesn't really work to like new traffic. This is when you've got an email list. This process works really, really good. So basically you come in and day number one you say, hey, I got this really cool video that's going to teach you a process, right? And she had the first video. We call the first video the wow and how. Okay? My goal is to show you, wow, like open your mind to this big huge thing. Wow. Like for example, if I was going to be doing a product launch around our high ticket, our high ticket Seekers product, my wow and how would be something like did you know that you can sell high ticket stuff without using a phone and you do that by using a simple two pages you add to any funnel, something like that, right? So this becomes my big wow and I'm like, wow, that's really cool. Let me show you how it works, okay? So that's video number one. It's just a free video and then you get them to subscribe and get ready for the products that's coming in the future. And video number two is the transformational education. Okay? So now you learned about what this is. Now let's take you through some education to transform. Let me show you how exactly I do this. This is the video. It's using more of the teaching piece. Let me show you how this whole thing works and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Okay? This is like the how to video in this launch sequence. Video number three is the ownership experience. Now you're trying to take it from let me show you how to do it to let me show you how this is going to work in your life. Can you imagine if you did this and how you did this and how you did this and I start pushing this ownership experience. Now you start being like, this is me. I can sell high ticket stuff. That would be really cool to have somebody on the phone selling expensive stuff for me. How cool would that be? You're making that ownership experience now that it's turning them like this would be really, really awesome to do. And then the last one is boom, here's the offer. Here's what you're going to buy. Who here has seen this process in action a lot? In the internet marketing world for about four years, this happened every single week with a new person's product launch over and over and over and over again. And eventually it became the pattern, right? Everyone was doing it and it became the pattern and it kind of died away. But what's interesting is you see now people in other markets doing this and they're killing it with it. Going through this process, doing four videos, video number one is wow and how, transmission education, ownership, and then the offer. Each video usually is released three to five days after each other and it's just a process that's proven to work over and over and over again. And it's a really cool promotion. You can run to your internal list. Or if you want to do a real product launch, we get a whole bunch of partners all to promote. It works awesome as well. It builds up all the hype and the buzz. It's kind of like they launch movies the right way and they release the first trailer. And then the second trailer, excuse me, then the third trailer and then everyone gets excited and literally think about the movie The Hobbit. When the first one came out, when the offer date came out, I remember when it's the movie is the opening night because I love opening nights of movies. They're like the most fun thing. We showed up in the movie theater and half of the people walking around were dressed like hobbits. Do you guys see that? I got pictures of all these people. I get a picture of you like you're a hobbit and everyone shows up dressed like hobbits. Now that's weird that happens in the movie world. When Star Wars came out, everyone was dressed like Darth Vader. When the new Star Wars comes out, you know that half the freaking audience is going to be Yoda, Darth Vader, all the weird people that are the first night. That's the best that you have to go. What's happens in these things right here? You build the hype, you build the hype, you build the hype and then boom, here's the offer. You see people. Last month some of our friends did $16 million in a week by going through this process. Build the hype, build the hype, build the hype, open the doors, shut it down, go cash your check. It's a big check to cash. Anyway, I've never done $16 million on a product launch but they crushed it. Who here saw that product launch? The Amazon selling system one? $16 million. It's the biggest internet marketing launch in our space ever. They did a good job blanketing the world. So those are the core funnels. All right. So I want to, who wants to be a volunteer? I want to pick one volunteer. You're my volunteer. So I want to do this. I want to show you guys kind of what would happen. Yeah, come on up. Do we have a mic he can grab while we're, he's coming up? Robbie's got it. Because again, if you were to come to my office and we're like back to the value ladder, you're coming out of my office, you pay me a ton of money, we're going to build this whole thing out. This is kind of the process. And I want to go through this with you guys so you can see what I would do if I was with you and what you guys should be doing today and tomorrow over the next couple of days. Okay. So the energy shelf to everybody. San Antonio, we're on a basketball player development program in San Antonio. I'm going to dunk over him tonight. It's going to be awesome. Yeah. You want to get that over here? Yeah. You ever play Bulgarian basketball? Okay. In the wrestling room, we have wrestling mats and they wrap the floor in the walls and basketball hoops on each side. And then we call it Bulgarian basketball and there's no rules and it's really fun. So basically what happens, someone will go up for a shot and someone will also grab them and sue flame like mid-shot. So much fun. I might be able to beat that sport. It's very fast. It's all close to that. Anyway, it's fun. All right. So, so we're going to start back at the beginning a little bit from yesterday. So let's talk through value ladder stuff right now. Like what's, what is or what do you want to be kind of this back end thing right now? The top, the top thing would be private training. Okay. So we got privates? One on one. How much can you or do you charge for that? We're going to a structure that's basically 850 for a two month commitment, which is eight workouts out of the 850. Okay. 850 bucks. Awesome. And then I know you got a couple things in the middle here. Give me an example. One or two of the other things in the middle. This step under it is it would be small group training. So anything from two to seven players, the price and that varies. It's anywhere from a range of, I guess if you want just a mean, probably about 450, just make it simple. Okay. 450. All right. Is there another one down here? Yeah. There's like our camps, like we're going to run right now in the summer. Those average about 150. Awesome. Okay. And then do you have a good front end thing right now? Yeah. The thing I think I'm going to do with the front end is probably like two or three times a month. $10 clinic because everybody will pay $10. And then obviously once, kind of like everything else, once they get in the gym, they see the level of training we do and they'll be willing to pay the 150 or they come ask for it. We don't have to ask them. You know why? The value, right? Yeah. I want more, I want more, I want more. I remember when I first got into wrestling, my first year in high school wrestling, I was wrestling around and actually Brandon and his brother, I'm not Brandon's that, we're out there just beating everyone like little girls and I was just like, those guys are right. And they're big dudes anyway. I'm like, man, those guys are good. And then on the side, I saw this coach and he was their coach, the off season coach. And I was like, hey, I want to do what they're doing and boom, they got me in. Anyway, it works. Okay. So this is kind of his value ladder. What can we do for like even more expensive back here? You know, I haven't really thought that far yet because this is what we've always had. And when I first started, I just modeled pretty much everyone else, which obviously is a good start. But the attractive character and the results we've had has allowed me one just to increase those prices and I'm at that phase now. So I haven't thought beyond that because I mean, I would probably be like, work out with me four times a week, exclusive, you know, I'm at least for the takes you out of the equation more so like now most of the people it's the parents are buying this right for the kids. Yes. So what if we came back here, we did some kind of like, I don't know, this is the battle like a parent certification course, you know, when you like boot camp the parents, you bring them in, you give them the tools to go out and take their kid the next level, you know, and charge like 2k for that or something, something more high, high ticket that takes you more out of it. So you're not doing more one on one. So you know, I mean, or more groups. Anyway, and the main may not be good. Let's just for a high ticket thing, let's just do that. Okay. And any kind of continuity we've gotten here, we can add. I'm looking at some kind of college promotion service. I just got to find out because I'm partnered with somebody now and I don't want to conflict of interest, but for the sake of now, cool, just the college promotion. Awesome. Okay. So there's his value ladder. Now who here has got at least their business to find out to that level right now? They haven't even do their homework yesterday. It should be at least this far, right? Okay. If not, this is step one. You have to find out exactly where you're going to sell because we can't build a funnel unless we know what the world we're selling, right? Okay. So this is what we got. I wrote these out, do you think? Okay. So there's our first funnel. Now, of the different kind of funnels we showed you, for just the initial front end funnel, which one did you like the best? Like the bottom of the value ladder type funnel? Like a free plus shipping type thing. You got more of a $10 camp. I think what I'm going to do to get their attention, to get them to a capture page because I don't know. Maybe it's just I'm getting to the point of putting capture pages in this process, but I'm going to create a different, basically like a little two page report, something they'll read, but something they're interested in because the parents, it's kind of funny you said the high end ticket. They always want to be educated on the process because I'm probably shouldn't say this on camera, hopefully, no, see, they have no idea what to do or where to go or, you know, they're relying on club basketball and it's not enough. So based on whether they're warm or hot, warm or cold, I'm going to put together something which I can just talk into the dragon annotation and it'll write it out for me and just educate them. And that's usually how I kind of initiate them anyways. I put out content on my blog and it attracts them. So I'm going to create one for each and then their capture page will lead them to different things. Okay, so this is capture page. So you're giving them an audio, the core message, what's the one thing they're going to get if they get that audio? Well, it'll probably just be like a two page written. Written, yeah. Yeah. Well, what we want to attract the kids, the players we want to attract are varsity and college level players and we know we have to build a lot of those. So it'll probably be something like, you know, the 10 keys to building a starting varsity basketball player. Cool. And I don't know what I was going to say. That's good. It was even better. It's like, let me show you the one thing. There's athletes and there's one key thing that keeps one, you know, anyway, something like that, making it more specific. I like that better because then I can harp on it being, because within the 10, the one I was going to emphasize the most anyway, it was going to be skill development. So the one can be the skill development. The one thing. Cool. Okay. So we're going to drive traffic here and we're going to give parents this one thing that's going to be the end all be all. Cool. Okay. Now from there, the first thing we're going to sell, can you see on the side? Probably not. Okay. So we're going to have a special squeeze page. Now we're coming here. We got to sell them the next thing, right? Okay. So I would say they often hear you just email them that next page. Now, now we've got our shot. We're selling for you. It's $10 camp, right? Yeah. For my hot, my warm, my hot market, I'm just going to, they've already, to me, that means they've already came to training, but maybe they're just not consistent. I'm just going to flat out sell them the next training. So what it may be the $150 camp for warm and cold. It's the $10. Okay. For illustrative purposes, do the $10 one so we can do it. Okay. So here's the $10 thing. So what they just got in the email, they're getting a report, an audio or something basically saying this is the number one thing you got to get to get to the next level. And they come here and the offer is, are these all mostly people that are local to you? Are they coming for $10 coming super far? Just basically San Antonio, maybe some of the surrounding smaller towns. Okay. So I didn't say like, if you want to take this more global, you can replicate this $10, this one day experience for $10 until like, here's a video or something you can, you know, kind of, kind of more similar to what your $2,000 thing is like, here's a video you got to give your kids, you know, to help you implement the secret with your kid or whatever it is, right? But for now you got them coming to a game. Okay. So this is going to be your $10 thing right here. Cool. You think yourself through with a video or a sales letter, what are you most comfortable on? Probably video with you, right? Yeah. And just the nature of the business videos, everything we know. Okay. So me, they're getting this. That $10 thing. What's the next logical step for them? What I was thinking, since we're talking the warm and cold was some days, our camps can be like a one day, six hour or the five day or the three day is probably set, try to sell them and maybe give them what, you know, a $10, $15 off to pre-register for the next camp. Okay. And what's the price of the camp? Well, full price average about $150. Okay. So here we're selling the $150 camp. I would say what I would do is start right there with the $150 camp and they say no to it, then you drop down and offer the 20% discount or something like that, right? Okay. Or the other thing, we found some with NERSEL, a lot of times we're going to sell one bottle of the next thing, but a lot of times you group things together and make hired tickets. So you can be like right here, instead of selling one ticket to it, the first step is like, hey, sell three tickets, you and two of your buddies are going to come and you're going to save $50, so it's $500 now to get three tickets. And so you know that, then you downsell, hey, okay, if you just want one, $150 you get just one ticket. Now I like that because one of the format we want to do is get the kids and the parents going to get more players anyway. Yeah. We're going to have to rip this page out. Okay, we'll rip it out. A lot of times you guys are like, our stuff, we used to have like one bottle and we used to have another bottle. Instead it went from one bottle and we used to have six bottles and like 20% of the people buy six bottles. You want six, I guess a lot of drugs, right? A lot of pills from an apartment, but that's what they want. So like a lot of times if you've got something, like his facility is bundling really, really well, but a lot of times the best way to raise a price is just add more people to it. Joey worked for years as well, bringing two people, three people coaching and it saves them a little bit of money and like you said, now they're out there bringing people in for you and it works that way. Okay, so there's that, down sell that and the next thing, what's the last thing we got here? I would sell them to the small group. So like when you're at the event, you just, you're about three tickets to the event, you're coming, you stay a day later and do it, is the group ones, is that private or is that? So it's private, but instead of just like, I'm just training your son, I'm training your son and their two sons as well. Well, it's happening multiple times or just a one time thing? That's another two month commitment, eight sessions out of the two months. Okay, so we got that here. So this is going to be more of the privates. And I like that too because you're, we're already bringing teammates and friends to the camp. Yeah. So it's going to be even easier sell to say, why don't you three just get in? Because they see the same value. They all got the same training. They all got better throughout the week. The other thing that's cool is like, you can, excuse me, you can have two versions of this. So like, who said they bought this with their buddies? It's like, hey, because you already bought three people in it, while you guys are here, how about we do the group training and you're going to save, normally it's X amount of bucks, we're going to save 20% because you already got these three guys here. And they say, no, then down here you're just selling like, hey, we're going to group you in and it's the same price. You know, so you can have different, based on what they said here and here, you can have different pages. Anyway. Okay. So this is, so this is step one, you guys. So if I was, if I was doing this, we mapped this out, this is the best plan. It may or may not be, but for my best case, this is probably going to be pretty close. Okay. If you look at how far we got his value ladder so far, we are about here. Yeah. So we got this far. So our initial point of sales, sales funnel got us to here, right? Okay. So we haven't touched any of these yet. So this is going to be the first thing I'm going to build out in ClickFunnels. This is my initial, initial funnel. Okay. And I'm going to show you guys here in the next session how we do this. But you guys see what he just did? This is, this is 95% of it, you guys. It's you knowing what is happening. First, second, third, fourth, fifth. Okay. We used to do once a quarter of an old office, we did these big three day long events. We go through this whole process in the last day, we'd everyone stand up and just have them draw this picture for themselves. If you can draw this picture for yourself, you guys, you're there. Okay. Next is just clicking buttons and building the whole thing out. Okay. So this is, this is key. So again, all you guys need to be doing this part for yourself. Okay. So this is his, again I call it the point of sale funnel. Now my goal for him, obviously he's going to make money because he's got, it's not him just shipping out a product, he's got to make some money. But ideally if he can, if he can get as close to breaking this as possible, he's going to have a huge group of people now that he can sell into, into these, those are the core thing, right? Okay. So there's your point of sale funnel. So now you've got people that are going to be coming through this funnel. Some of you are just going to come here, some of you are just going to come here and here. But now we've got to talk about the top two tiers of the value ladder, right? Because now we've got other things. So we've got the privates we can sell. And then we've got the $2,000, like, teach, he teach the parent how to become you at their own house, right? So the different funds, which ones do you like the most? Do you want to do an automated webinar? Do you want to do a, like a product launch? We've got people coming in, how do you want to sell some of those other ones? Probably even the invisible to kind of, you know, the thing, I mean, obviously with all business, you've got to show how much you care you want to help, but especially I think with parents, sometimes in our world, if you keep selling and selling and they're like, okay, now you're just taking a vent because we're talking about their kids. So probably the invisible funnel so I can kind of give a non-threatening or a non-aggressive approach. Okay. Very cool. One thing I like about, well, I'll show you this in a minute. So, okay, so this is going to be his, I don't even have a name for it. After somebody's come through your initial funnel, so they're your warm people, so this is more like a warm traffic funnel, right? So these are his warm people. So now we've got him. They know, like, trust me, somebody invisible funnel. So the first page we're going to do is this page here, where basically you're going to make a video that's going to go through and show three or four case studies of kids you worked with that have had huge, huge improvement, right? Boom. And then they're going to go and pay for it, zero dollars. How much do you charge after they've, after the events, or after the invisible funnel? I think somebody would pay for like a three hour event like that with you. I probably could go probably somewhere between 40 to 60. Cool. Let's do like 47 bucks then. Okay. So you can do that. And then on this, on this webinar, like what, what are you going to be able to teach them? What kind of stuff can you go through with them? Probably just educate them on how, I mean, there's a, there's a science to skill development, but anyone can learn it, you know, and I'm kind of a good example of that because I wasn't in a high level. I played college, but I walked on to a Juco. You know, like I didn't, I didn't even play high school, but I learned and I worked in it. So showing them that anyone can learn how to develop a player and that, you know, through, through the results and what you're talking about. And then then already gone through the camps and seeing what a value and, and that our system works, which I'm creating now anyway, that they can do it. And pretty much half will probably be just showing them the system a little bit and empowering them to believe in, they can do it because half the parents don't think they can, especially if they've never played. Awesome. Okay. I love that. So I go through a teach that development program and the end of it now, in a situation like this, which is your warm audience, you don't always have to have just one thing you're selling. I think it would be a really smart thing at the end of this webinar after you do the whole thing, then you're like, Hey guys, there's kind of two paths to go from here. One path is you love this stuff and you see how it works, but you're not really interested in developing your kid yourself. If you want, I do private lessons with people one on one. I don't do it for a lot of people, but we do for some and love for you to apply over here and see if you guys would be a fit to come do it. Okay. Come apply. Or the second option is if you are the kind of person who loves you this stuff and you want to get out there with your kid and really take the next level. I've got this really cool program I put together where I give this to parents, parents come in and basically I teach all the stuff that I do for a kid and you as a parent can now become me and every single night at home, you can do this to your kid. It's going to be awesome. And this one is actually like a home study course. It's six DVDs of me teaching the stuff, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And it's 2,000 bucks and this will basically give you the ability to every single day for the rest of your life to be there for your kid and da, da, da, da, right? And every parent is going to be one of those two things either I don't want to do it or I do want to do it. And now you've got a way to push both of them. Here you get your money up front and here you get just shipping some stuff and this is like your highest profit margin, especially when you start moving on to like more national stuff where you can't take people on. This will probably become more of the focus long term or just charge people insane amounts here, right? Supply and demand. Cool. I think that's all you need for your business right now, man. I don't think you need anything else. For some business you may say, this is cool but I also want to sell this and maybe have another funnel but I think for you those two funnels will accomplish 95% of everything you need. That's what you think. Yeah. I had a question because to some degree I'm also trying to trim away from how much, how many I train and the level I train. So I'm trying to keep more of these college NBA getting ready, WNBA players and things like that and build more trainers. So do you think maybe they're sell more to the system? Well, like I've already did, I sent the email last night that the two trainers I have right now, they've got to get on the grind and get their attractive character built and marketed and all over social media because that's what I did without even knowing before I knew all this and then just focus more on selling the system. So do you think maybe that even sell the system more showing that look, I've got eight trainers who all could take your kid and make him a varsity player and not all of them knew the system before they came here. Do you think that would be probably a better way? I love that because I agree with them. The biggest thing I think you have and anyone in here is doing like one on one, seven on Sean, some other guys that are doing like a lot of one on one training. The biggest problem is your time. You run out, right? I think, I don't know you were doing that. I think that's super smart. He's basically got, he's got the people he's trained to do this as well. So you can apply here and they're not necessarily working with you but they're working with people who are certified and trained through your system to be able to get the result that you know how to get. And that way you can scale that infinitely. You could even, well, here's like the next level of what you could do. I don't know if I'm going to do this right now but just long term thinking is you could make a whole certification program for people charging 5K. They come out to you, spend a week with you and then you can go and kind of like Mike does this right now with his, he's a, trains life coaches and so he certifies his life coaches and they're all over the world. So you can do a certified bunch of people and then when people come in and apply here you can sell that lead to a lot to one of your, your trained people or you could, you know, they sign up there, you get a cut. There's a whole bunch of ways to do that long term. There's a guy in the industry that was already doing that and a couple of model it. That long term, that was the plan. That's awesome. I love it man. Cool. So that gives us two funnels we got to build out for you. Does that make sense? Do you guys see how easy that is? Okay. That's like, that's the key. That's like 90% of my day all day long. I mean, I'm going to ask anyone in my office, what am I doing all day long? I'm literally on a whiteboard like this. Okay. And they're like, no, wait, this sucks. What if we do this? What if we do this? Okay. Let's move this over here. What if we made it free for shipping here and then we did this or what if, and like that's all I do all day long. And so that's like 90%. Now you've got this and now if you got set in stone, now you open click funnels and you're done. Okay. So you can get this much done. You guys are there. It used to be a lot harder. It used to be you have to get this part done. Then you got to hire a program. Then you got to hire a designer. Then you got to hire a copier. Then we're trying to cut that down to it. It's very, very simple. If we get you guys to here, then we're good. Cool. All right. Thanks for volunteering. Appreciate it. So again, just to kind of recap what we did. If you haven't done this yet. Start with this. Okay. Start with all the way back to yesterday what we talked about. Right. What's your value ladder? What does it look like? What's the price points? What are all the pieces? Where am I trying to send somebody up to? Where's my long-term goal? What do I want people to do? So figure that out first if you haven't yet. The second step is what is my point of sale, my initial funnel taking someone through. You got all the building blocks in your book. Right. What's going to be my squeeze page? Just going to be my thing. What's my upsells, my downsides and build that whole thing out. Hopefully, you get at least those two in the next 10 minutes. If you have more, then what's the funnel I'm going to use to sell my back and my high ticket stuff? Do you guys see how why we use different funnels for different type things? The funnel that I need to do the front end stuff is different usually in the middle and is different than usually the end. Usually it's the free plus shipping, the trip wire stuff that's down here. This is the automated webinars and invisible funnels and this is the phone, webinars, sales scripts and things like that. Typically, you start with this, then you get this and eventually you might end up going up to there. Let's show the music on. It's been about 10 minutes and map those things out for you guys and I want a couple of you guys to share with me afterwards. Cool. Can we have a couple of you guys who want to share their initial sales funnel real quick? All right. Come on up. Let's see this thing live. Do you want to map it out? Let me draw while you're talking. Either one's cool. My handwriting's not too good. I'll be your Vanna White. All right. Thanks. From what you've been saying, we were thinking about, well, I'm in the weight loss niche, health and fitness. We were thinking about a free DVD, a free plus shipping and talking about basically a free video that reveals how to enjoy carbs and burn more fat, like the number one secret to enjoy more carbs and still burn fat. Who here wants to eat more carbs and is more fat? Can I hear amen? All right. Okay. Awesome. How do you eat more sugar and ice cream? Okay. And then kind of incorporating your invisible funnel that would go to a free case study and an order form. Case study. And then from there, we would have premium training, which would basically be like three or four hours. It would be zero upfront and then 97 bucks. And we would walk them, I would personally walk them through via webinar like the first two weeks. So the preparation diet and the seven day weight loss kickstart, which would tell them exactly what to do to lose around a pound a day for two weeks and show them how to calculate everything. So it's like personalized just for them. And they would have everything they need from that in order to do the first two weeks of the program and lose seven to 15 pounds, about a pound a day. A pound a day for seven to 15 pounds. And then from there, it would take them to an application page where they would apply for one-on-one coaching where I would then basically help walk them through the entire program step by step so that they continue losing weight. They keep the weight off for good and they have me to help them every step of the way. And that would be about $1,997. If they took that, it would upsell them to a platinum total immersion program where they would have lifetime access and a weekend with me where we'd go to Chicago, teach them everything I know, help them through any roadblocks. We'd go out to dinners, do a few workouts together, do some fun sightseeing stuff and just teach them the lifestyle, take them grocery shopping, everything like that and then just do a lot of fun stuff hanging out. If they didn't want the 1997, we would offer a monthly program, like $497 a month. And then after, say, four or five months, once they've paid that much, they would have lifetime access as well. But it would make it a little bit more affordable for the people that didn't want to pay $1997. If they didn't want that, then it would downsell them to the Social Life Fat Law System, which is our lifestyle eating program anyway, but it's just an e-book. It would be $47. And like, hey, if you want to do it on your own, here's how to do it. And then if they took this, it would upsell them to the exercise blueprint, which is how to work out, how to train to burn fat and build lean muscle. Yeah, and still eat carbs. Cool. The only other thing I would add, because I say no to this, I would add something, which might just be that as well. Just exercise. So if somebody says no to like, I don't want to do this free K6, right now you got it here, if they stop here, then they miss all this other cool stuff. Okay. And I don't think they're going to go from, if they say no to zero, they're probably not going to go, that one would probably be really good, just so you can try one more last shot to monetize them. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, awesome. And they say yes to that, then I would probably bring them back up to here maybe. Okay, cool. It looks beautiful. What are you charging for this one? $997. $497. All right. Cool. I love it. So if you look at like point of sale, this is pretty much your point of sale stuff right here, right? And this is everything that's happening afterwards. So what's cool is that things come through here, even if they don't apply, now you can do webinars to sell this, you can make all these other things, you can start selling individually with different funnels, different things, different promotions, all sorts of stuff. But as a whole, I think that's a beautiful business. You guys like it? Yeah. All right, so give them a round of applause. Thank you. Okay. Is that the funnel we're going to map out right now? Yeah. Cool. Although I've got another funnel, like just before lunch, you gave me an idea. It's like, that is cool. I'll double my income on that, that other thing. But yeah, we'll talk about that decade in the day secrets funnel. Yeah, I just kind of blew that over. Like, hey, give me an idea. I'm going to double my income. All right. Yeah. Yeah. I did say thanks. Thank you. Just wait. Yeah, my first one is the Free Plus shipping offer. And that's that CD-ROM. Free Plus shipping, okay. And then that's an upsell into a premium webinar. And I think $97 is for that one. It's going to be a marathon webinar. Okay. So invisible funnel style, right? Yeah. Okay, so zero bucks. What's the price point on the other side? $97. Okay. And so then there's going to be like a microcontinuity. Like it's going to be a six-week, eight-week course. That's your selling at the end of it? At the end of the webinar. Yeah. What's the point on that or the price of that going to be? I'm thinking somewhere between actually, no, I'm thinking $2,997. Yep. So $3,000. And then from there, I just keep upgrading it. You gave me another idea. It's like, hey, I was going to give it, I was going to give too much away at that. That was just going to be a series of webinars. And so it was going to be with coaching, but I can do coaching as a step up the ladder. So the one-on-one coaching with me would be like a $5,000 package on top of that. Cool. Are you going to apply for that or are you going to sell it straight from inside of here? That's going to be application only. Yeah. Cool. Okay. And the, yeah, actually the $2,997, that'll be application as well. Okay, got you. Yeah. That's how I'm going to be sort of... So what I say about that, one thing cool about applications, you guys, and most of you guys probably went through this process. So somebody applies, they don't necessarily know what's behind the curtain, right? Right. They have no idea what they're selling. So as you guys, we'll go through the scripts tomorrow on how we sell it. So basically we kind of find out like how much money they have, what they're looking for. So you can find out really cool application and a phone call, like where they fit, where they bracket. Like this person is going to be a good fit for the $3,000, the $5,000, whatever that might be. And so, yeah. So that's what's nice about the application. I'm going to make this apply. This will be $2,997 programs, it'll be $4,997. Yeah. You can have... That sounds better. Yeah. Yeah, that's cool. And from there, I'm going to have one more upsell. I thought we would do like a Down Under Secrets. So we do a live event. I'm moving back to Australia in three weeks. And so I thought we'd do a really cool event down in Australia and just talk about building business and maybe from there, even having a mastermind kind of session where I could... It wouldn't have to be about me, but it'd be about other leaders sharing what they're doing and really blow it up in the home business industry. Who was that for? I think... I think that was going to be like maybe somewhere between 10 and 15,000. Okay. 10K and 15K. Awesome. And that's like an annual thing. So there'd be probably a number of different events in that mastermind ticket, yeah. Very cool. All right. Now what happens if someone says no right here? What are we going to do with them? No to the... The $0 webinar. Oh, see, they've still... We've done the free plus shipping. So I don't know, when you talked about having the phone sales, having them ring them, yeah, I can do that. I've got a phone script that I can use. I understand phone this point. This point is all point of sales. So they bought free plus shipping next page, right? Here's the offer and they don't pay. They got it. I don't want that. Yeah. It's a risk-free thing. So $0 down. But 100% of people are still never going to say yes. That's right. I wish they would. That'd be awesome. Yeah. So if they say no, we're going to have something else we're going to offer those people. Second upline. Huh? Second upline is an affiliate offer. That's even better. Isn't that cool? That is cool. Second upline. Another idea for you and for anyone inside of Click... This is me trying to help pitch ClickFunnels. But imagine this. Imagine you build out a really cool funnel and then it's awesome and then you just sell some of that funnel. You're like, hey, by the way, I got this really cool funnel, makes me a ton of money. So $97, I'll just give you this funnel. And then you just give them that funnel. Anything you want to do. Anyway. As a continuity thing, because I was thinking about doing that too. You can just give them the funnel. Say, pay me $97, I'll give you the funnel, and then they have to go create a ClickFunnels account and you get paid residual on it. Okay. Now that funnel is in their account. Got it. That's awesome. All you guys creating cool funnels and then selling them to your students. Wouldn't that be awesome? Yeah. I have just a good idea for... That's what I wanted to do. I wanted to create that as a tool. Like I wanted to have a prospecting automated webinar system that's done through ClickFunnels. So they would all get an affiliate account. And so, yeah, that would be a revenue stream, but they wouldn't even see me. They'd just see you being ClickFunnels. Do you know what I mean? So I thought, I could just sell that system of automated webinars, which is the thing that's going to double my income in the next 12 months. And so I'll also get a residual on that as well. So I like that a lot. What if the thing was, so you're selling stuff all the time, you want to get cash, you get a point of sale, not so much for... And I want you to... So I'm not trying to say no. I'm saying, what if you create like a DVD that explain the AHA yet? I had this biggest AHA in the world and this is what gave me the ability to double my income. It was the coolest thing in the world. This is how it works. You explain that then... Now, this is a system we use called second upline. But a lot of you guys don't have a webinar yet. You're scared to make a webinar. So I created one that's already done for you. It's generic. You can play it at any opportunity. I'm going to give you the webinar, month free access, ClickFunnels and this DVD for 97 bucks. Boom. And also you got like a killer offer. That's cool. Yeah, I like that a lot. This is fun. I love making offers. I think it's all day long. So you're saying, I created DVD on this one thing that I learned. So the DVD is like a free plus shipping DVD. Except for not free shipping this time. It's a 97. Yeah. They've done the free plus shipping thing. Yeah. They got your value. That's right. Yeah. Okay. That's cool. All right. So what am I saying on that DVD? That's $97. That little idea you got? Yeah. That's the funnels. How to build them all. And it's generic. Okay. So again, you got the same thing we've got. The reason why I want to add more stuff here is because we got point of sale. Because this sale right here and all this stuff is not going to happen immediately. I want to try to get as close to the humanly possible as breaking even on my ad cost from my initial point of sale. Right? We talked about tons yesterday. So the more things we can add here so that when he's putting a dollar ad in, this 97 bucks I'm going to make any money with by making it closer and closer break even and maybe even make a profit. So it's important to have multiple things not just stop too fast. So the point of sale, that's the key and all this is just pure, pure profit. Cool? That's very cool. Awesome. Thank you, man. I appreciate it. Awesome. Give him a round of applause, you guys. Thank you. Thank you.