So the first thing I want to talk about, and I think we're now moving over to section four of the book, yeah, section four, so three types of traffic. So the first thing we'll talk about again is coming back to this, right? Who, where, bait, where, okay? So we talked a lot about who is the person you ideally want to sell to, right? We talked a lot about that, figuring out your customer avatar, finding their Google image picture, getting a perfect description of whoever your dream client is, okay? We talked a lot about that. We talked a little bit about bait. Tomorrow's going to be a lot more about bait. So we talked about where, your back end program, where are you going to take this person to, where are you sending him to, where is your dream with them? So right now, the rest of today, we're going to be focusing on where, where are these people at? Because you can find those people, it makes this whole world, this whole, your whole marketing job a lot easier. And so when I first started understanding this, and I first got into this internet business, the hard thing is that if you look at, you look at what everybody's selling online, right? All the internet marketing gurus, they're selling a thousand of ways to drive traffic, right? You're just going to do it on Facebook, on Twitter, on Bubble, and there's like so much stuff. I think most people get so overwhelmed because they're trying to learn how to drive traffic from a thousand different sources, and they're just like, yeah, what do I do, right? And so for me, like, I, I'm not going to dig into the technical part, how to do it, but I want you guys to understand the concept behind it. Because for me, the second I, I grasped the concept, from that point forward in my life, I was always able to get traffic, okay? And so the strategy behind this is more important than the tactics of how you do it, okay? So when I'm doing this process, there's, there's a couple initial questions I ask myself. And the first one comes back to over here, is who is my target market? Okay, we talked a lot about that, so I'm not going to beat that with a dead horse, but you got to, you really have to know exactly who that person is, okay? And how to make money market, the person that I, the, the who that I always kind of look at, it was me when I was a little kid. When I was a little kid, some of you guys have probably heard of this story before, but I used to, I literally would collect junk mail. I would go, and I used to get Small Business Opportunity Magazine. You guys, who here subscribed to that magazine? If you're not, you should seriously get a subscription. It's like the best magazine in the world. It's 140 pages, four pages of articles and 136 pages of ads. Yeah, yeah. And for dudes like me, I love it. Like the ads are like, that's the gold, right? You read everyone's headlines and how they write their ads. And so I literally was like 12 years old when I got my first copy, and that's a bad idea to give a 12 year old like small bizzare magazine, because you're reading and you're like, oh my gosh, oh, anyway, I read every single ad and I would always call the 800 number at the end and like, hey, can you send me your free kit? Hey, can you send me your free kit? And so eventually I was getting so many free kits in the mail from every opportunity in the world that the mailman would show up with the stack of mail so big it would not physically fit in my parents' mailbox. And so the mailman has to come up to the door, knock on the door, and hand my parents a stack of junk mail this big. And so I come home from school and like what was the seventh, eighth grade, I come home from school and there'd be a big stack of Russell's junk mail and then my parents have like one or two letters. I'd be so excited to grab this big stack of junk mail, I'd go in my room and I'd open it. I'd be reading sales letters after sales letters and that's probably where I got into this whole thing from. But I just got addicted to that, that concept, right? And I read these things, I remember some of them, I'm like, oh, that's dumb. Oh, that's dumb. And some of them I'd be like, oh my gosh, I got to do this. I got to like ask my parents, can I borrow 100 bucks? I need 100 bucks to be able to do this. Like they would sell me on the next thing. And so whenever I'm trying to create like an opportunity type product, I think back to like when I was this little kid and I was struggling and I wanted to make money so bad. I think like would that have been something that I would have like been attracted to? That's what I always look at. So for you guys, think about like whenever it was you got into whatever you do, like what was the things that attracted you to that? Okay, and if you think about that, that's what's going to really, that's why I decided if it offers good or bad. Okay, and then we're on our weight loss stuff, I think about like when I need to lose a lot of weight, like what were the things that like without have got me to get up and to move? So yeah, the first thing is just really understanding who your person is. And then second thing is understanding where those people are at. Okay, those are the two key questions of traffic. Who is my target market? Where are those people at? Okay, for example, probably the best way to illustrate this is when you hear word congregation, what do you guys think of? Church, right? So every Sunday, all the people that have similar beliefs and values will congregate together, right? So all the Mormons, we congregate together in certain churches, right? All of the Baptists congregate over here and the Catholics congregate over here. Okay, on Saturday, the Seventh Day of Venice are over here. Okay, everyone's congregating together based on similar beliefs and values and ideals and they're hanging out together. Okay, now when I understand that people are congregating, if I'm a marketer and I want to sell something, let's say I'm selling something, like for the Mormon world, there's these guys that sell these things called living scriptures, these DVDs they made of like all the Mormon stuff. Right? Where do you sell it? Like where's the existing congregation? They're right there. They're hanging out together every Sunday. If you're selling something like that's where they're at. Okay, if you're selling something to the Baptists, they're, they're, every week they're together to congregate like that's where they're at. Just go sell something like they're right there. Go. Right? Am I understood that? I start thinking about that. My goal is not to try to tell you guys to go to churches and sell stuff. I know you could, but my goal is to help me understand the power of congregation because before the internet, people couldn't congregate together. Okay, the power of the internet is that people all of a sudden can start congregating together based on their beliefs and their values. For example, if you're a wrestler, and I know this because when I would wrestle with Boise State, every night we all had mandatory study hall for two hours because almost every wrestler flunked out of school every single, I don't know what is it with wrestlers, like we are dumb people. Like, like literally, so we, they forced us to go to two hours of study hall every single night. And so study hall, they had a bunch of computers and you watch the entire wrestling team come up there, we'd sit down and guess what? Every single one of us went to the exact same website. We went to the mat.com, there was a message board and for two hours every single night, every single one of us sat there and we talked on the mat.com to have their wrestlers. And this was happening at every single university in America. It's happening every single high school. It's happening like anyone who cared about wrestling every night was on the mat. Am I right, Brandon? Everyone's there, right? So if I'm going to be selling something to wrestlers, where am I going to look at? The mat.com, they're all congregated together. They're sitting there all day, all night talking about wrestling. That's where my, that's where they're at. So all I got to do is throw my bait out into that pond and start pulling people in. Okay. Think about the things that you're passionate about. Okay. If you're in a personal development, what sites do you go to? Where are you congregating? Okay. If you're into real estate, where are you congregating at? Okay. Think about your target customer. Where are they at? Where are they hanging out? What blogs are they reading? What email newsletters are they on? What Facebook groups are they part of? What, you know, like I start going through all these different things. And as soon as I know that, like they're all on Facebook and they're all on this fan page. Okay. If I'm selling a juicing product, Drew Canole's got 1.1 million people who are interested in juicing sitting there congregating talking about juicing. Hmm. Where should I go to sell my juicing product? Shailoa. There's a site with a million people talking about juicing all day long. Boom. There they're at. I'll tell you for now, a little extra money. There's tons of them though. And it's not just Drew Canole's. There's another guy. There's probably a thousand sites now based on it. But that's the power of the internet, guys. That's why little guys like us can make insane amounts of money because we don't have to spend money driving TV and all these kind of things. When we were doing consulting stuff with Tony Robbins, what was interesting is he said, he told me, he said, Russell, when I first started this business, he said there were three channels. It was ABC, NBC, and CBS. That was it. Everyone was watching one of those three channels. So guess what I did? I bought ads in all three. And we made millions of dollars. And all of a sudden, all these cable shows started popping up. And suddenly there was like a thousand different channels. He's like, I could not afford to advertise. Everyone was every, and it was too expensive to acquire customers. And we had to cut everything. And so he was freaking out. Like, I can't grow my business because it's so expensive because there are everything out there. So he started shifting his marketing online. You know, online is powerful because I can only show my message. Like, if I'm on, if I buy an ad during the Super Bowl and I'm selling my how to make a potato gun product, okay, there may be 18 bajillion people watching it, but there's only three guys who want to buy my potato gun product. Okay, unless I'm selling a thing for like $800,000 a piece, I'm not going to make my money back, right? But I can go online and find a potato gun group with 20,000 people who are rabid talking about potato guns. And they're sitting in one little congregation hanging out. I just throw my bait in the water and start pulling out money. Boom, all day long, all day long, right? That's what traffic is, you guys. It's not SEO, PPC, all this crap that, all these terms that everyone's coming up with. And that's the tactics behind how you do it. But none of you guys as entrepreneurs should know how to do that. Who here thinks I know how to run a Facebook ad? I'm scared to death of Facebook. I told you earlier, I never, ever, ever, ever, ever log in. We make insane amounts of money off Facebook. Okay, who here thinks I know how to buy an email ad? I don't know how to, but I don't. Okay, your job as entrepreneurs is not to understand the tactics behind it. There's geniuses who do the tactics all day long and you can hire them for pennies on the dollar. Your job as an entrepreneur is to understand very, very clear exactly who your person is and where they at. And after you know that this is where they're at, now we've got to figure out how to get our bait out in front of them. Now I can hire a guy to do it or I can figure it out. It doesn't matter, but they're right there. That's what they're all, they're sitting right there. It's like shooting what? Shooting fish in a barrel, is that what they call it? Ducks in a barrel? I don't know. But they're all right there. Okay. Do you guys, do you guys get that? That's the power of this whole internet thing. That's why people like me who are not that intelligent can make millions and millions of dollars because I know two things. I know who my target market is and I know exactly where they're at. So your job as entrepreneurs is to be the master of these two things. Understand this person better than anyone else in the world knowing exactly where they're at. And the last step is where you can take these people. Okay. This is all the value ladder stuff. Now that I got them, I need to get bait to get them in the door and let's take them. Where can I take these guys to? How can I help them? How much more value can I provide them? Because the more value I can provide them, the more money I'm going to make and the more help I'm going to give to them. It's really, isn't that kind of a cool process when you understand that? Okay. So quit worrying about all the, that's why on this event you will never learn the tactical parts of it because the tactics change every single day and you're always chasing and you're running and it's just, that's not the focus. The focus of entrepreneurship is to do this part. Okay. If you're going to ask a building contractor, you're like, hey man, so tell me how you put all the electrical wires in. You're looking like, I hired an electrician. Right. Well, okay. That makes sense. Well, how do you do all of the foundation stuff? Hire the foundation guy. Okay. That makes sense, you guys. The contractor doesn't know how to do all that crap. Guess what he knows how to do? He knows how to contract it out. Guess what I know how to do? I know where my people are at. I just contract it out. Hey, they're right there. Go get them. Sweet man. There's some more over there. Oh, I found this cool Facebook page. Oh, I just do what I'm doing all day long and I find cool places and then I have my team. I have people in place and just say, hey, go get them. They're there at. Boom. And we start going after them. Okay. That's the one for you guys as well. Okay. It should not be. And there's things you're going to have to learn, especially when you're getting started. Obviously, you got to do all this yourself. But the reality is if you get so caught up in the technical part, and I did this, I can't tell you how many times I got caught up trying to learn SEO. And man, I went on like this three year SEO binge where I thought it was the coolest thing in the world. And I was studying stuff and we were like, we spent so much time and energy money. We built teams of people and I don't think we ever made a penny off of like, like literally got so tied up in the tactics. And then Facebook came around and I was like, there's my people and we hired someone like, hey man, can you just go get them? And boom, leads start coming like crazy. I was like, that was way easier. So much easier. And so that's what I really want to stress for you guys is that process. Okay. All right. So that's the first is who and where. The second thing is you have to understand there's three types of traffic. Okay. And this is another one of the big keys, the big ahas that I had. And remember I had this. I was like, wow, it's all becomes really, really easy now. The first type of traffic is traffic you control. Okay. So I have this traffic. I control it. So an example of traffic I control is a Facebook ad. I don't own that traffic. Facebook does, right? This is Facebook's people that are on Facebook, but I can buy an ad so I can control that traffic and say, hey, go right there. I can go to Google and buy a paper click ad. Google owns that traffic. It's their people, but I can buy an ad. I can control that traffic and send it over here. Okay. I can go. Somebody else has an email list of a million people that I know are my target market. I can go to that guy and say, hey, we buy an ad and send it over here. So he goes and he sends it over here. So I don't own that traffic, right? But I control it. So paid ads is traffic we control. We can pay money and tell people where to push that traffic. Okay. That's traffic you control. Typically you're always going to push traffic you control through something we call a squeeze page. We'll talk about here in a minute. The second type of traffic is traffic you don't control. Okay. A couple examples that is like SEO. Anybody here who tried to do SEO? Hope you guys don't hear love SEO. Nobody loves it, especially after the last year or two or three. Anyway, SEO is traffic I don't really control. I do a bunch of stuff and I hope for stuff, but people just randomly show up or they don't show up. I'm not controlling. I'm just hoping and praying. I'm doing a bunch of stuff. Probably the best example of this is I remember, this is probably five or six years ago, back when BJ was working for me doing my SEO back when we were trying to figure it out. And one of my friends, Willie Crawford had written an email saying, and the title of his email is Russell Brunson is a little snot. I remember, I really was like, that's kind of funny. So I copy his email and post it on my blog and I put it up there and didn't think much about it. And two days later, BJ comes to my office kind of laughing. He's like, you want to see something funny? I'm like, yeah, what's that? They go into Google, type in little snot. I'm like, why? He's like, just go try it. I'm going to check it out. So I type in little snot and guess who's ranked number one in Google for the keyword little snot? I was. My blog was number one on Google for little snot. And I was so proud of myself. Now, what's interesting is like, there's probably someone somewhere, maybe, probably not. But if somebody happened to go to Google and type in little snot, all of a sudden they see my site and they click on it and they show up my site, that person got to my site. I didn't control them. I have no idea what made them wake up that morning and type in little snot. But it worked and they showed up my site. Okay? That's an example of traffic you don't control. Another good one is a lot of Facebook, like paid Facebook ads, I'm controlling it. A lot of the other stuff happens on Facebook, I don't control that. For example, I write something funny on Facebook and then Brandon makes fun of it and then his friend shares it and somehow somebody shows up my site and I don't know how that'll happen. But they just show up and it's just traffic I don't control. All right? But typically traffic I don't control, I send them to like my blog. Okay? Now, both of these kind of traffic things are good. But my only goal with traffic I control and traffic that I don't control is to convert those people from those types of traffic into traffic that I own. Traffic that I own is the best type of traffic. That's what I want. Because when I own that traffic I don't got to pay for it again. It's my traffic. I can do whatever I want with it. I can send it here. I can send it here. I can read an email one day where Joel, Terry is like, hey, we're giving away a Ferrari to whoever you sell the most stuff. I'm like, awesome. Hey, traffic over there. Boom, I got a Ferrari. What's the next thing? Right? You can sell whatever you want. You own that traffic, you can push it wherever you want. That's the goal. Okay? This is how you become financially free is by owning traffic. Okay? And the first time I think I really got this I was reading an article about some guy who posted online. I wish I still had this article. It was like the biggest aha for me. He was talking about, he said, I'm sure you guys have read those articles from the gurus about how I made $25,000 in an hour and how I did all these things. And you probably thought it was a big scam, right? I was like, yeah, I've sure did. Like who makes $25,000 in an hour? That is a scam. And then you go back and it's actually not. Let me tell you how it works. You said these big gurus, they go out and they spend all this time and energy money. They build a big, huge email list. Okay? Email list. Let's say they have an email list of 100,000 people. It says one day they wake up and they decide to promote a product. They send an email out to that product. And let's say they just get 1% of the people to buy that product. Let's say it's a $50 product. What's the math on that? 50K. They're like, okay, let's just say only point 1% of people actually buy that. That's 5K. I was like, 5K? That's how much I'm making three months right now. I'm sending out an email to my list. So I had this, my big epiphany. I'm like, this is awesome. I got to get me an email list. How am I going to do that? So I started researching an email list, email list. And I found this website. It's called spamfreemailaddresses.com. And they're selling these DVDs with like 4.3 million people's email addresses. I'm like, dude, this is awesome. Like, I get it. Load them up, send them down to email. If I get 0.001%, I'm rich. Game over, right? This is how my young naive mind is working. So I buy the DVD, spend $50 on this spam, I mean this mailing software to make the emails go out. I load it up, load up the 4.3 million email addresses. I write a little ad and I click send. And this is back in the day as a dial-up mode. It's my dial-up mode that's plugged in the wall. And I tell my wife that night, she's supporting me while I'm going to school, paying the bills. I said, honey, I was like, 4.3 million. I'm showing the math. I'm very, you know, have my glasses on. 4.3 million dollars. I'm like, if we only get 0.0001% to buy this, we'll be millionaires in the morning. And but I don't think that we're, you know, let's be conservative. Let's say it's 0.0001. It's a hundred grand. You know, I do all the math. I'm like, worst case scenario, we make 10 grand by morning. So you can quit your job if you want. She's making like a thousand bucks a month at a time. And she's like, OK, like this is legal, right? I'm like, oh, yeah, everyone's doing it. The Saudis guys make their money. So load the whole thing up and go to bed. Tell her to quit her job in the morning. Emails are being sent out. I'm having daydreams of like mansions and everything great that's going to happen to me. Right. And I wake up in the morning and she's like, I got to use the phone. I'm like, you can't like we're becoming rich. Like emails are going out. You can't use the phone. She's like, I have to call this person. I'm like, ah, because back then you guys remember when you had dial-up modem? You had like unplug your computer and plug back in your phone. So I get on the desk and I unplug the modem. I plug back in the phone and literally I'm still under the desk. I plug it in and I hear the phone ring. I'm like, oh, that's weird. So I come back out and pick up the phone and this person is cursing me out on the other line. I'm like, what's going on? And my wife and she comes out like waiting for the phone. She sees my face kind of drop and I'm like, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. No, I didn't know. Oh, really? Oh, crap. OK, I'm so sorry. And so she's freaking out. Like what's happening? What's happening? And I hang up and I'm like, yeah, they just shut down our internet access and they're threatening to sue us. And she's like, what's going on? I'm like, I thought you said it was legal. I'm like, I swear it is. And anyway, so we go through this whole thing and my internet's completely shut down. She goes to work and I'm like, please, on the way out. Like, please, please, please, please don't quit. Like give me a couple of hours to cool this off and then you can. Yeah. So I'm trying to like, I'm trying to to see what happened. But my internet's gone. So I'm kind of screwed. I'm still going to school. So I put my backpack on and, you know, start. Start walking to walk into class. I get to class. I'm listening to my teacher talk and I'm just bored out of my mind. And all of a sudden I'm like, there's a computer lab next door. I gotta see what's happening. So I get off my, I sneak out. This is my, anyone still in college? Can you teach this to your kids? This is like the secret, right? So if you hate your teacher and you're bored, you just go like this and kind of start squirming a little bit and you get this concern that you can just walk in. And they're like, oh yeah. And you walk out like you're gonna go to the bathroom and you walk right in the computer lab. So I used to always do that. So I just did that. Like take us to the bathroom, walk out, go in the computer lab and check my emails and look at some stuff. And I decided to log in my PayPal account. I was selling these things for PayPal. I logged in my PayPal account. I had to make like nine cells during the night. And I was like, holy crap. It worked. Kind of. I started thinking, I'm like, okay, I was rewarded for this. It worked. People were buying this thing. So it works, but I did it wrong. Like, I was like, if I can figure out how to do this legitimate way, that's not gonna be shut down. This could be the greatest thing in the world. And so that began my mission like, how do I, how do I build a list? Okay. But you guys, the reality of this, this concept is true. For most of you guys, you're gonna, some of you guys have lists, some of you guys don't now, but if you're one of your main folks, when you're main KPIs, we talked about earlier today, your main things are focusing on the size of my list. How many people are my adding each day? That's when your main core focuses. It'll keep growing and keep growing. At first you'll get 100 people. And then 500, then 1,000, then 10,000, then 20 and 30. And somewhere along the line, you're at the point where literally, anytime you wanna get paid, you just wake up, you write an email, you click send, you go back to bed and cash comes in. Who here has experienced that in this room? How does it feel? Today he did it. He felt, and does it not feel like the greatest thing in the world? It's like a rock star. It's the coolest thing in the world. And that's like really the internet dream, right, is that. And so for us, we've got to think about, how do we make this happen without me doing the illegal thing and getting shut down? So I can teach you guys how to spam. If you want, we try it for a little while. It's not very much fun. But there's a legitimate way you can do it that's long term that'll feed you for the rest of your life. Literally almost every single time our company is collapsed, which has happened multiple times. The thing that saves is every single time is our email list. We come back to it, send an email out and boom, it saves us every single time. It's the thing that, everything I have in my business, you take everything away, that would be the one thing I would keep. Cuz I keep coming back to it and it pays for everything. And so that's kind of the key. So the focus has to be, you guys, as we're doing all this traffic stuff. Again, just like this chart here, all the traffic I control, I'm sending it to a squeeze page. Okay, I'll talk more about squeeze pages tomorrow. And most of you guys probably know what that is. But if you don't know what it is, all this is a simple page where somebody gives me your email address, they click submit, and then they're taking to a page where they can buy something, right? So I put them through this filter first so that when people are coming through here, a percentage of people will join my list, now they're on my list, now I own that traffic. I can do whatever I want with them in the future. Okay, traffic I don't control, I typically are sending them to my blog or something, but if you look at my blog, you notice the top one third of my blog, all it is is like a glorified squeeze page. Got a video right here and I asked them to opt in. Cuz I don't care if they type little snot, they'll see that way down here. I just wanna get them on my email list, that's the only goal I have, right? So all the traffic I don't control, all my Facebook stuff, all these other things I'm doing, I push them, I go to.com, I push them there cuz I don't control them, when they show up there, they get on my list, now I own them, now I got them. I can sell my free book, I can get them in my value ladder, I can come to events like this. I guarantee you, all you guys somehow got into one of my funnels somewhere and that's how come you're here today right now. Okay, and so that's kind of what we're focusing on is, is all the traffic you control, you push through a squeeze page, traffic you don't control through a blog, the goal again is to get their email address and now you own that traffic. Traffic that you own and now that's the goal guys, that's the game of internet marketing. Okay, and like I said before, I think it's the next slide actually. The way we do that is kind of through this process. Back in the day, a lot of times traffic was a lot easier. So I would set up a squeeze page, I would drive traffic, and I would pay whatever I would pay, not that much. And then over here, I would sell something over here. And it was really easy to do it cuz there weren't a lot of people doing it and it was a lot cheaper and so I could make that work really, really, really easy. But then what happened is like all these people like you guys wanted to play in this game too and other people and ever made it hard and everyone shot made ad prices go up cuz everyone was playing, right? So everyone starts doing the stuff so all of a sudden they got more expensive to drive ads. Now my goal in every single funnel we do, which is again, what we're doing all day tomorrow, is I wanna create a funnel where I put a dollar in ads in and immediately I make a dollar back out. Okay, and why do I do that? Cuz those people just got converted from traffic I controlled. Went through this process I broke even now. But my goal is to pay money right here, break even right here, now they're on my list, now I can sell my other stuff, right? So this is the filter. They can't just drive through a squeeze page now and break even. I drive through a squeeze page, go through my initial funnel and make money. So when I first did it, we would just have one simple product that we would sell it, and it would work. Put a dollar in, we get a dollar, dollar, $52 back out, the back. Okay, and we get a customer. That was what we were doing. But then it got a little harder cuz everyone was buying ads and got more expensive and so what we did is we started figuring out different ways to make this work better. So what I would do is someone would buy this product and then I would go and I'd add an upsell. Before I add the upsell I put a dollar in and I make like 50 cents back out. I'm like, this is a losing campaign, I'm not gonna make any money. I had an upsell in there and all of a sudden I make more money. Now I get the point where I put in a dollar and I get a dollar back out and it works again, right? And so this is kind of this funnel game is you build a funnel, you drive some traffic and your goal is to put a dollar in. You get dollar back out. If it's less than that, then I gotta change something. I gotta add an upsell or tweak this or change this. To get a point where you put a dollar in, you get dollar back out. Now I got a funnel I can do to start growing my list as rapidly and as quick as I can. And our business that's all we're doing is building this funnel till it breaks even, drive leads in, and now we got these leads we can sell anything we want to in the future, okay? And so tomorrow that's what the whole focus tomorrow is this funnel. I'm gonna show you guys a ton of different iterations of how to build these funnels and what the best way and just a ton of ideas. Cuz this is where the game wins. As soon as you learn to build a funnel you can lease break even on, game over. That's when you win this game. That's when your list starts growing as fast as you want. You can have a thousand people a day to your list. It's growing, growing, growing and you can print money for the rest of your life. You guys like that? You guys wanna be there? Okay, it's a good place to be. So our goal is to lease break even. Obviously I wanna make a profit on that front end. If I make a profit, typically the first time you put it out there, if we send something out and it breaks even. Cuz as you know, what we like to do is all this weird split testing stuff we talked about here. If my initial test breaks even, we're having a party. My gosh, we haven't even tested anything that's breaking even. Make a couple tweaks and also we double our money. And now we're making profit on the front end. Then it's just like a party every single day. So that's what we wanna be at. But even if you just break even, okay? Even if you just break even, that's a million dollar your business. And any market you want, not every market. In most of the good markets, it's game over. Okay, cuz as soon as you break even, you're building that list and you can just. I mean, if I was to give you, or you give me a dollar, I give you $2 back, how often do you do that? Much as you can, right? That's the other day asking, what's your advertising budget? It's a bajillion dollars a day as long as it's profitable. What do you want me to say? If you can turn a million dollars into $5 million a day, I'll give you a trillion dollars a day if you can turn it back out, right? So that's what you have to understand. As soon as you get this thing to work, then there's no such thing as an advertising budget because you're breaking even. You put a dollar in on Monday, the ad goes out, Tuesday the merchant account gets some money, Wednesday it's in your bank account and you start it over. Okay, so your ad budget disappears because you just crank it up. Okay, look at our supplement nurse cell. We spent almost a year trying to get their funnel to work right. We had some variations and finally in January this year, it worked. In January, we spent, we made $20,000 in nurse cell. We're like, that's awesome. Last month, which was March, so two months later, we made $300,000 in nurse cell. Guess why? Crank it up, converts, man, just crank it up. How much media can we buy? Just keep buying it, keep buying it, keep buying it because it works. Let's just keep doing it. Next month, you know, we're half a million. How much media can I buy successfully? I'm gonna keep buying it, buying it, buying it because it's all, it's free. There's no budget. Okay, that's how you win this game. That's how you win this game big at a big level. Okay, you guys see I went through value ladder, all these other pieces because it's so key to understanding this part of it. When we understand this, the whole game becomes super, super easy. We come back, I'm gonna share with you guys probably one of the coolest things. Okay, because like I said, tomorrow is all about building a funnel, but I wanna make it so when you start building your funnel, you know exactly what's gonna work every single time because then you almost always succeed. So I'm gonna show you guys a couple of tools we use to reverse engineer what's already working out there and then we just model and clone what's working and boom, like you're in profit day number one, okay? Who here wants to see that? It's exciting, okay? And as soon as I learned this, I was like, this is the stupidest, easiest thing in the world. You literally put a website in, it'll show you the entire sales funnel, it'll show you what sites they're buying ads on, it'll show you where all these congregations are at, everything we're talking about. In literally five, ten minutes, I can show you almost every offer where all those things are at, okay? So I'm gonna show you guys that stuff and then tonight you can go and you can play with some of those tools and you'll know exactly where your target markets are at, what they're buying, what prices they're paying and makes the whole job a lot easier. So that's the game plan. Now you guys kinda understand a lot of the conceptual stuff behind traffic. That last session kinda helped a lot of you guys hopefully. So you don't have to be as smart as people probably think I am cuz I'm not. That's not the key, the key is really to understand is the entrepreneur where these things are at, who your market's at, where they're at. So now I'm gonna help you guys to really get more specific and find out exactly where those guys are at, okay? This is where it starts getting really, really fun for me. So I had one of my friends and mentors, when I first got started in this business, he told me, he said, the thing about internet marketing is everyone wants to figure out how to create traffic. It's like your job's not to create traffic, traffic's already out there, right? People are already on Facebook and on these blogs and they're already everywhere out, your goal is not to create new traffic. It's to find out where that traffic is at and then tap into it, figure out how to get that traffic and divert it back over to you. So I heard that, it made a lot of sense to me. That's kind of where this whole concept comes from. So the first thing I wanna find out, what I'm gonna do instead of me just going out, cuz what normally happens for most people, it still shocks me because I went the opposite way. When I got started, one of my big mentors, the guy that I looked at all the time was the guy named Armand Moran. Anyone here know Armand or seen his stuff? So Armand was like one of my first heroes, right? One of the first attractive characters online that just captured me. I was like, this guy's awesome. I was watching what he did, he was creating all these little software products. He called them generator software. So we had ebook generator, ecover generator, header generator, sales letter generator, all these different generator softwares and he had all these things. So I was trying to create my very first offer, my very first product. I was like, I wanna make a software product. And my first idea was for a product called ZipBrander. And ZipBrander was just this little software product. It did one thing and I was so excited. I went and I found this guy in Romania. I paid him $20, he built the whole thing for me and I had my very first product. And I was like, well, how am I gonna sell this? Well, I wasn't smart enough to just figure out how to go sell it. But I knew Armand stuff and I looked at all his sites and his sites looked awesome. So I just looked at his site and I modeled it exactly. My site looked identical to his. He had this little ecover image, I didn't even cover image. He had a header graphic, I had a header graphic. He had a sales letter, it had like 13 paragraphs, mine had 13 paragraphs. I modeled it identical, okay? And that was how I created my very first offer. And luckily for me, Armand knew what he was doing. So when I modeled him, it just, mine luckily worked as well. It was like this great thing. And I think a lot of us, for whatever reason, we don't model things. We just kind of think, I'm gonna try this and try stuff and it just doesn't work, right? Tony Robbins went out to his, I can't remember which one of his events. We talked about it, he said, if you wanna become the best in the world at something, he's like, you don't go out and try to figure out your own. You find the best person in the world and you find them and you model them and you do exactly what they do. And I've seen Tony, I've seen guys in this organization who do this. One of Tony's main trainers is a guy named Joseph MacLendon. And Joseph is awesome. The first time I met him, I was speaking at an event and I did this clothes. And it was one of my best pitches I ever did. I did my clothes and rushed to the back and he bought the thing and afterwards he pulled me aside. And he's like, man, your pitch was awesome. Just so you know, I'm gonna model it identical for my next thing. I was like, I was like so on and I'm like, well, thank you very much. And I saw him a year or two later at UPW. He'd come behind stage when he was presenting and we hung out in the little green room they have back there and it was really cool. And he told me, you know what Russell, the way you did your pitch, he's like, I just modeled that and it worked. As we start talking about modeling, he's like, man, I will never in a million years try to do anything without finding the best person just copying him. He's like, for example, he's like last three months earlier, I had this new product I was gonna launch. And so I knew this guy named Jeff Walker who does his product launch thing. And so he's like, I went to Jeff's site, I looked at his process. I saw the very first video was 38 minutes and 12 seconds. I made a video was 38 minutes and 12 seconds. He said, I want to be to the second exactly the same, I wanted to model it. My upsell, the second video was this. And he's like, I modeled the look of this page, the fill of this page, the script, what he talked about. I talked about the equivalent for my thing. He's like, I modeled as close as humanly possible because I knew this work. So why would I go out there and try to reinvent the wheel? I know this works. Let me just model as close as I can for my stuff. And it's gonna be successful. And he did and he launched it and made a ton of money. So many of you guys out there, I promise you, are trying to reinvent the wheel. And that's not the key in this game. The game is not to ever reinvent the wheel. It's to find what's already working perfectly and then model it. So this is how we do this process. And this is the key, this is what I want to do this session tonight before we get into funnel building because I do not want you to look or even try to build a funnel until you see your competitors' funnels and so you can model it exactly. And so this all starts first off on where are your competitors? Who here knows who their competitors are in this online? Who here does not know who their competitors are? This is key, you guys. The first thing you have to know is who are your competitors? Who's selling the same thing you want to sell? If nobody's selling the exact same thing you want to sell, it's probably a bad sign. Okay, I get people all the time who are like, guess what, Russell? The coolest thing I found this market, nobody's in it. I'm the first dude in it. I'm like, don't be in it. Why not? Because that means if nobody's in it, there's a good reason why. And people are like, I want to do a weight loss product. But guess what? Everyone's got a weight loss product, so I don't want to be in it. No, if everybody's doing a weight loss product, probably a good idea. It means there's a big, huge market, right? And so I want to look at it. So if you don't know who your competitors are, you need to find your competitors. That's one of the most important key things. Because you want to see everything about them. I want to find out what they're selling, what price points they're selling, what their upsells down, what their downsells are. I want to see what traffic sources. I want to see everything about them, and then I'm just going to model it. So if you don't know your competitors are yet, you need to find them. I'm going to show you guys how to find them. But that's the key. You got to find out who your competitors. Now, there's two type of competitors I'm looking for. First are my direct competitors. So if I have a weight loss offer, who are all the other people that have a weight loss offer? I want a direct competitor. So if I'm selling an e-book, who else is selling a weight loss e-book? I want to see, I need to know every single one of them. Okay, so that's a direct competitor. An indirect competitor is, I got a weight loss e-book. Who are the people selling weight loss supplements? Who are the people selling weight loss magic creams? Who are the people that are also selling maybe fitness things? Things that aren't identical but are close. So I'm looking at both of those. Who are my direct competitors who have almost identical same product? And then who are my indirect competitors? And that's the first step here. Okay, now the second step is after I know exactly who these competitors are, the second step is I got to find out what it is they're doing. I want to reverse engineer what they're doing so I can model it. And we never seen the movie Paycheck with Ben Affleck. Okay, his job in this movie was they would find this equipment, these people, these companies would make, right? He'd come in and his job was reverse engineer all this stuff and figure out how everything ticked out worked and then he would make improvements and they'd rebuild it and they'd launch a competitor a month later and beat out these people, right? That was his whole entire job in the movie, it was really cool. And so when I start thinking about it, I'm like, it's just like Paycheck, man. I gotta see this guy's making a million bucks a year right now. I need to be Ben Affleck, I need to come in and I need to pull this whole thing apart, see how it all works. I see how it all works, then I can put it back together and make my own and make it a little bit better and boom, make even more money. This is really, I'd say probably the biggest secret, you guys. Some people think, Russell, you're a genius. No, I'm not. I just find out what's working, I reverse engineer and make my own version. That's the whole game, okay? It's very, very simple. Now there are five things I'm looking for and I'm reverse engineering and offer. An offer or a funnel, whatever it is you wanna call it. These are the five things I'm looking for. First off is the demographics. This is who, right? We talked about who, who do they sell them to? I need to find out that. Second thing I find out is what's their offer? What are they selling? Are they selling an ebook? Are they a free play shipping product? They selling on a webinar, how are they making money? If it's working for them, it's probably gonna work for me as well. So I wanna find out exactly what their offer is. People say, Russell, what should I sell my product for? What are your competitors selling for? They're selling for 27 bucks, sell for 27 bucks. Well, how, like why, maybe I should do mine for 37. Well, I wouldn't, like they've proven it works, so let's just, just, just model it. Copy it, whatever you wanna call it, like do the same price as they're doing it first. You can tweak in testings later, but the very first time, I'm gonna try to get the most perfect funnel as possible from day number one. So I'm gonna model every single thing as close as I can do. You don't wanna go and try to reinvent the wheel initially. So the offer is the second thing. What's the offer? What are they selling? How are they bundling it? I wanna know everything about that. Any of my competitors' videos, sales videos, when I go to their sites, you can ask my brother, I go to their sales video, and I send him an email. He's a video guy, I said, Scott, I want you to go and rip the audio out of this, out of this sales video. You'll see audio, and I send that audio to a transcriptionist, and someone transcribes the whole sales video, and I print it out, and I have it on my computer, and I read through that thing a thousand times. I wanna know exactly what they're offering. Okay, I know someone else who does that too. He's shnitting on his head back there, right? That's how it works, okay? I've got literally every single sales video in every single market I'm in, print it out. Everyone Ryan Dice's offers, I have them every front end video, up sales, down sales, print it out on my, on my computer. So I wanna know exactly what it is they're selling, why it's working, why, and if I don't know that, how do I expect to compete in that market? I don't know exactly what's happening at any given second in all the offers in my market, okay? So that, the first thing is the front end offer. Now, you have to buy your competitor's product, okay? Okay, how much money it costs you need to buy it? How many times did you buy a nurse cell? Well. How many times did you buy it on purpose? Three times on purpose. Okay, three times on purpose. Ed O'Keeffe's supplement, I bought Ed O'Keeffe's supplement probably six times. Same purpose, okay? I know he's a competitor and I bought the thing and I took screenshots and I made a video of me buying the entire thing. Cuz I wanna see how, what are you selling? In up sales and down sales and I bought it, second time I wanna see if you'd change anything. I could have been like six months, I'm like, I wonder if he's still doing this accident, I bought it again. Same, that changed, wow. Interesting, that changed, I wonder why he did that, maybe I should try that, okay? But you should find five or six or ten, how many of your competitors you need to buy their stuff. And you need to like do this as, as like your homework, like it's not just a combination to get the stuff, like you're buying it, see after you buy it, where they take me, what's the up sell? What's the price point on the up sell? What's the down sell? What's the price point on the down sell? Do I have another up sell? Is there, you know, what emails am I getting? What's the email sequence? How many emails do I get? Am I getting email every day? Is there, I gotta know this stuff. Cuz I gotta reverse in here what's currently working so I can model it. Okay? So the offer is huge. Third thing is the landing page. Okay, the page that they're driving traffic to is one of the, one of the most important parts of this entire thing. Okay, now the nice thing about ClickFunnels, you guys, is every single funnel, every single landing page that I've ever seen that converts well, we've knocked it off and it's inside of ClickFunnels. Every, excuse me, every single page that I ever find in the future, we knock it off and it's in ClickFunnels. So I see a page that's converting well, boom, the next day it's in ClickFunnels. So that's one nice thing that we're cheating for you guys, is, cuz I want it for myself, like literally, I'm, I'm obsessed with this stuff. That's why ClickFunnels is launching with over 100 page templates a day number one, because these are all the templates I've always wanted to have. So we have them all in there. So, but seeing landing pages, like what does the landing page look like? What's the headline? What's the side? Like what's the back? Like all that stuff is so important. Okay, if you guys have read through 108 split test winners, like if you've seen, like we make little tiny tweaks to, to a color or to a button and things like that. And you'll see 100, 200% increase just by tweaking something, right? So, like what your landing page looks like is very, very important. So I don't wanna screw it up. I wanna see the guy who's spending money to drive ads right now, what's his look like exactly. I'm gonna model it. But I can test from there, but I want my best guess going out day number one, right? Well, the very first time I buy traffic, I want to think it's close to break even as possible. So that's the landing page. Next is traffic source. We talked about where are these people congregating. Okay, I can try to find all these people or I can cheat and just find out for this guy's offer right here, where's he buying traffic from? And in the click, I'll show you guys in a second, in the click of a button I can see every single website he's currently buying traffic on. I think that's what I do. I just buy it there too, right? If I've got a product like, let's say my competitor is Mike Geary, he's got Truth About Abs. I know he's making a million bucks a month with Truth About Abs. And if I do every single site he's buying ads on, what if I made a product look like, I mean, that's not Truth About Abs, it's my product. If I make the landing page look the same, the upset, I just model it perfectly. And if I find every single site Mike's buying ads on, I just buy the same ads. How much money can I make off that? He's making a million bucks a month. Maybe I can make that much. Maybe I can make half that. Maybe I can double that. I don't know. But if you model it as close as possible, you guys, you can do that. The traffic source and then add copy is the last. What are the headlines they're using on their banner ads? On the emails, all the stuff they're doing, you want to find out exactly what's working because you're trying to reverse engineer that. My goal is to get as close to perfect out of the gate as possible so when I drive traffic, I'm trying to break even or make a profit. And I can get better from there, but I want to make my very best shot by modeling something that I already know is working. That make sense? Now when I'm doing this, sometimes I'm not able to find one or two things in these offers. But I never want to, it's okay if I don't know. Let's say I can't find the ad copy. I can still reverse engineer pretty close. But there's two unknowns. If I can't find two things, then I'm usually not going to model that thing. I want to make sure I know as much as humanly possible about every single aspect of that and after I know it, that I'm going to model it works and make something as close to as similar as possible and that's how I'm going to start my thing. Right? Okay? And then from there, there's a lot of stuff we can do. I'm going to show you guys again next tomorrow, we're going to show you guys how to take that and how to add on and build funnels and do all sorts of really cool stuff. But again, from day number one, I want to make it as close to perfect as possible. So, is there a question? Yes. Great question. This question is how do you know if an ad is actually successful? I'll show you right now. You want to see it? Who wants to see? Okay, so this is the process that I typically go through. I'm going to show you guys a couple of websites. So the first one, where's my click bank crew in here? We've got half a click bank in here. Okay, so click bank is one of, especially if you're selling information products, click bank is one of the best places to get your initial market research to find competitors. So if you're selling something, I have no idea who my competitors are. The first place I look is click bank. Because click bank's got, how many products do you guys have in there now? A bajillion? How many? So 50,000 products ranging from everything from weight loss, make money. There's some crazy weird stuff in there too, I probably shouldn't even mention from stage. Like, they're selling all sorts of weird stuff. Any niche you can dream of, it's in click bank. I got friends who sell chicken coop books on click bank. Like how to make your own chicken coop and they make insane amounts of money. Who knew that was a market? That's what they do, right? There's all sorts of different stuff. So I come into click bank, clickbank.com. At the very top there's a button that says, so this is the marketplace. And the left hand side over here is all the different categories of products, right? So here's all the arts and entertainment, the betting things, business investing, computing, food cooking, wine, e-business, education, employment jobs, action, games, green products, health and fitness, home and garden, languages, mobile, parenting, politics, reference, self-help, software, spirituality, sports and travel. Do any of your markets not fit into one of those categories? Okay, should cover 99% of you. Everyone's the one that's not going to fit, but for the most part they're in here. So this is the first place I go. Okay, so for this example I'm going to go and I'm going to do health and fitness. Okay, now the second step, what's cool, I click health and fitness, and this is going to show me all the health and fitness products. And what's cool is it categorizes based on which one is selling the most right now. Okay, so right now I know the Venus factor of all the weight loss offers, probably 10,000 weight loss offers in clickbank, that one's selling the most right now. This is the hot offer of the day. Okay, and these guys are all competing. You look at one, two, three, four, they're all going crazy against each other. And so whoever's at the top is working. It's working really, really well. Right? Then you've got these other ones, reverse diabetes, which we promote that to our nurse cell list and it did awesome. Cellulite gone, ultimate herpes protocols, we've got a herpes product. So, and you start going through here and you start finding it and I'm looking for an offer that's either identical or close, as close to humanly possible to what I want to do. Okay, so if you don't have a product yet, which one's the closest? Like, yeah, I want a herpes product, whatever that is for you, I don't care. Find out what that thing is and find the one that's closest to what it is you want to do and that's going to be step number one, right? So for this example, I'm going to do Venus Factor. So click on Venus Factor and now I'm going to start going through these five things. So the first thing I'm going to try to find out is what their offer is. So Venus Factor, I'm going to go to the website. You click right here on this red thing, take to the website and boom, here is Venus Factor. Okay, so this is what Venus Factor page looks like. I don't know about you, but I'm like, this is an ugly page, right? Most of you guys make that page is ugly, I can make something better. Don't! Okay, it's fricking working. These guys are making, I don't know, what do you think, BJ, what do you think these guys are making today, right now on your network? Yeah, I would guess, I would conservatively say they're doing at least 1,000 cells a day. At least, and probably closer to 2,000 or 3,000 cells a day. Okay, now they've got a front end product, the upsells and downsells, so you put that in perspective, let's just say the average customer makes them $40 a cell, which is higher than that, I know it's higher. Let's just say $40 on the low end. Okay, $1,000 cells 40 grand a day, 3,000 cells is 120 grand a day. Okay, my guess is that at least $100,000 a day they're making today with this offer on ClickBank, do you think I'm close? In the weight loss space, some of my friends have hit number one in ClickBank, they're averaging anywhere from 1,000 to 3,000 cells a day. So there's kind of a margin. So this site, who here run an office making $100,000 a day? Okay, who here thinks it's a good idea to not try to make it better than it already is? Okay, this is what it looks like, so let's don't try to make something better, let's just make it look kind of like this. Okay, so I'm gonna watch this, I'm gonna watch this video, this is their video sales letter. I'm gonna listen to it, I'm gonna, again, if you get transcribed, whatever you can do, I'm gonna find out exactly what it is they're selling. What their offer is, what the product is, what's the, why are people, why is this going crazy right now, why is everybody buying this, what's the message that they're using right now, they're using something, it's working, let's find out exactly what it is. Let's come down here and find out what the price point is, what are they selling theirs for? Because I have a fantasy book, where should I sell for? I don't know, let's find out what these guys are selling it for. They're selling for $47, you know what? I bet you they've tested that price. So I could either go and test it or I could just copy them, because that's what they've proven has worked, right? I was listening to, anyone here know Agora Publishing? They're a billion dollar information company, they're probably the biggest info publishers in the world. And they sell financial newsletters, and they sell financial newsletters, it's $100 a year to join their financial newsletters. They do this in the eight different divisions and do over a billion dollars selling these financial newsletters. And I heard Porter Sandsbury, who runs their biggest division, who used to, he's worked there, I think he retired or something. But I heard him speak on stage and he said, it was interesting. He said, hey, if you're gonna do a financial newsletter, you should sell it for $97 a year. He said, do you know how I know that? He said, we tested everything else in the world and the only way we've ever made it successful is $97 a year. He said, you can come out and do every one. You can sell it for $50 a year, because you're gonna undercut it. You can sell it for $200 a year if you think you can make more money. But we have tested things so well in over a billion dollars in sales. This is the only thing we'll ever do. So why would I try to second guess that? That's the price people are paying. It's just they've done all the testing for you. Venus Factors done the testing for me. I'm gonna sell my product at $47, if this is the way I wanna do it. So I'm gonna buy this product. I'm gonna see what the upsells are, I'm gonna see what the downsides are. I'm gonna find out exactly what this offer is. That's key. That gives me number two. It also gives me number three. I saw what their landing page was. So the next thing I gotta find out is where is their traffic source? Where is $100,000 a day of money coming from? Because if I can find those people, I'm gonna be on the same sites. There's a couple sites we use to do this. This one is a free one. They have an upgrade too, but you can get a lot of info for free. So if you go to similarweb.com, forward slash website, forward slash, and then that website URL. So similarweb.com, forward slash website, forward slash venusfactor.com. I click that in there, and I'm gonna show you guys some amazing stuff. Check out all the stuff they give me. Okay, so I come through here. You see there are rankings, all kind of stuff. You see how much ads are, how much is coming from direct traffic, from referrals, from SEO, from social media, from mail, from display. So in this market, I look at that and said, for their offer, almost none of that's coming from search. So what does that tell me? I probably shouldn't spend any time at SEO, right? Because in my market, no traffic's coming from search. They get some from social, so maybe I can spend some time in social. Not too much from mail or display, referrals are getting a lot and direct. So I kind of see where, I get an idea of where the traffic is coming from. You come down here, it shows me where people are buying. So I've got basically United States, a little bit of Canada, and a little in Australia. So if I'm buying Facebook ads, I know not to spend any money anywhere else, because that's where all their customers are coming from. So I can cut my ad spend down, because I know exactly where they're at. Come down here and I can start seeing where their top referring sites are. This is where it starts getting cool. So the website that sends in the most traffic is fastdailyfine.com. Then you've got Motivated to Get Fit, you've got PageRank, you've got all these different sites that traffic's coming from. This is where they're getting their traffic from. And then you see after they go to site, where they go after that. So they left venusfactor.com, where's the next step they went to? Well, they went over here to ClickBank, you know what I'm saying? Because that's the ClickBank order form. But here's all the other sites, all the other places they visited. I should probably try to buy ads on all those sites as well. Search traffic shows you the keywords that they're searching for. So if you do want to do any PPCs, there's the keywords they're looking for. There's tons of stuff. Social, all the socials coming from Facebook and Cafe. I don't know what cafemom.com is. Man, if I was in the space, that's what I'd be looking at ads. Who knows? YouTube, they're getting traffic, Pinterest, display advertising, showing stuff like that. Now these are not perfect, but it shows you a bunch of stuff. Now the coolest thing down here, I come here, see the bottom right hand side, it says show ads. Click on show ads, it's gonna show me what their ads look like. Isn't that cool? So I can see exactly what their ads look like, this is what their ads look like. So if I'm gonna be developing a banner ad, what do I do? I model it, right? Make it look similar. Okay, I borrow it. Here's their text ads. So I'm telling you, what's a good headline for my product? What's gonna be the best headline possible? I'm looking at their text ads, I'm looking at their image ads. One tip for a tiny belly, that's probably a good headline. It's one thing, you guys know what's that? It's the one thing. Which street foods can help you drop three sizes in a week? That could be a good email subject line. That could be a good article, that could be a good headline for my thing. I'm trying to see exactly what's working so I can model it. Then you got audience down here, and there's a bunch of stuff. Similar sites, so this gives me a lot of information for free. You can start digging a lot deeper, there's other services, similar web's got an upgraded version, you can get even deeper and get even more stuff. I usually test here first because it's free and I get a lot of information really, really quick, right? Then there's a couple other sites, one of them is adbeat.com. Adbeat.com is a paid site, it's expensive, it's like 300 bucks a month. But it lets you dig even deeper. Another good one's called whatrunswear.com. Actually, the UI better of what runs where. But we always switch back and forth between the accounts. We have an adbeat account right now, not the other one. So look at, when you do this, you can start digging a little deeper. So you can see what networks they're buying ads on. They're direct by buysellads.com, clickboost. You see where traffic's coming from. I can start seeing similar advertiser. So who's Venus Factor's competitors? Okay, cuz I wanna keep digging deeper. So here, Venus Factor Fat Loss is a competitor, which is probably there. It's bellyfatfree.com, thevenusratio.com, customizefatloss.com, fatlossfactor.com, anyway, all these are their competitors. Now this was interesting. The Venus Ratio, I probably shouldn't tell this. Crap. Well, I have to now. So one of my friends went through this process. He saw the Venus Factor, saw how well it was doing. And he created the Venus Ratio. Same name, same way, he modeled it and he's killing it with a no. Anyway, just an idea. So similar advertisers, publishers, top phrases. I mean, there's just tons and tons of cool stuff, okay? Now you can start seeing their top ads. So this, I think this gives me, this is gonna be a lot more of their ads. I see headlines, I see what the image is looking like. If I'm buying Facebook ads, I see what images are working, see what headlines are working, what text is working, okay? There's tons of these things. So I hired a banner designer. I just say, hey guys, check out these banners. If you want something similar, I want my headline though. Do you guys know you can find all this stuff? Isn't that awesome? All that, so this shows a lot more banner ads, which is fun. You can start getting deeper and deeper. And I also know that this is their number one referring site. The other thing I know is I know it was first seen on the site, January of 2014. And last seen May 12th, which means they've been running that ad for 108 days. What does that tell you guys? Yeah, it's probably working, right? Maybe I should model it, okay? American News reports, we've been running there for 39 days. Health resources for you, 93 days. In KELO 90C, exactly how long? This means the ones that have been testing, I might come back in a week from now, a month from now, see if they're still running. If not, they didn't work for them. Why would I have blown my money on that site if it's not working for them? But the ones I know are working, the ones they've been running for 150 days, 108 days, 109 days, that's where I'm gonna start at. Okay, remember where should I buy ads first? That's where they're at. People are there, my target market's there. I know it's already profitable for these guys, that's where they're at. Yeah, so these questions, can you tell if they're using a network or if they're going direct? Yeah, that's kind of what some of these things are back here. If you look down here, direct buy means they're going directly to the website and placing ad with it. Display is probably more network, I think. And here, I think you can see, you play through a little bit, you can though, yeah, you can do, yeah, here's your direct buy. So there's your direct buys, buysellads.com, clickboots, the clickboots are network, Google's a network, Bing's a network, SiteScouts a network, AdSoner. So there you go, you can see what networks, you can see what direct buys, all that kind of stuff. Okay? Now, again, there's a lot of ways to drive traffic, guys. We're going to cover a couple more of them tonight, but the process we go through, so there's, and I'm glad you asked this question, because this leads to it. So there's two ways to buy traffic through this concept, okay? What I'm showing you guys right now, what this is showing me, this is showing me basically, we call it media buying, which is banner ads, okay? This is reverse engineering, for most part banner ads, like what sites are they buying banner ads on? Okay? This is not going to show me what email lists they're buying emails from, this is not going to show me a bunch of other stuff, it's just going to show me the banner ads, okay? So this is what we're talking about first is the first kind of traffic that we're going to be targeting is banner ads, okay? Banner ads. Now, when you do this, there's basically, there's two ways to do it. Okay, one is you go direct to the site, the other way is you go through a network. Okay? Now the network, the concept behind the network is basically, is there's these dudes who basically set up, they got access to like a ton of sites, right? Like thousands of sites, like buysellads.com has access to thousands, Google ads is on thousands of sites, right? And so the concept is you go to Google ad to Google, and you're going to go and you're going to buy ads on all these tons and tons of sites. Now in theory, it's awesome. The problem is that most of you guys will lose, including me, will lose our shirts going directly to a network, okay? I won't teach you guys how to do this because we don't do it right now because it's, basically the network, you're putting your ad in there, it's going on a thousand sites, you're testing all these things, all these variables, and guess what happens? Your money starts getting spent so, so, so, so fast. Like literally we tested this, we did this with NERSA, we had a guy who's, this professional guy who's super good at ad networks, we put in an ad and within one day he spent $20,000 of our money. One day and it was not profitable. They do what he's doing, he's like, well you told me to put in networks and I put it in and, well I thought you were awesome, this is like I am. Like well then why is it not working? He's like, I don't know. He's like how to work on your side? I'm like, I don't know, all the traffic came in in literally 24 hours. And I was done, nothing I could do about it. Okay, and that's what happened to networks is you're testing a thousand sites, a thousand pages on all this stuff and it's, to make that profitable you've got to be a ninja. Okay, now I'm not a ninja yet, I'm working someday I'll become a ninja. So I don't do this. What I do is I go direct because I can test small and I can find out what's going to work and not going to work. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to go directly initially to these sites and I'm going to try to buy an ad directly from that site owner. So I'm going to go to these sites, I'm going to find the ones like healthpages.org and sheclick.it which I think it might be a network, Mr. Movie Times, Vintage and then I'm going to do some research on four or five things. I'm going to try to find like ten sites or so that I think would be awesome to buy direct from, right? I'm going to find ten sites. If you're most, I'm in contact with those ten sites, all, most of these sites, you can scroll to the very, very bottom, there's going to be like their, all their footer links to the bottom, right? Has like their terms of service and all that kind of stuff. Usually there's a little link down there that says Advertise. You click on that link and there'll be a page and usually they'll have some kind of media kit or something and they'll tell you all about their site. They're like, here's our site, here's our demographics, here's a bunch of stuff. If you're interested in advertising with us, give us a call or send us an email, whatever. And all you do is basically you send an email to that, to that site and you start a dialogue with whoever it is on their site that sells ads. Okay? Very low tech, that's why I like this kind of stuff. It's not like high tech. So I go to that site and I email all ten people and now I'm going to start using this to, to bid against each other, right? Because I want, I want to get the best rate. So email is tended for people and my goal right now is to try to find, like all I really want to do is I want to, I want to buy ads on three sites. Okay? And the reason why, if you do one site and it, and it fails, you have no idea if it failed because the site sucked or because your ads sucked or because you have no idea why. So I never like this to, to gamble on one, on one thing, okay? I like to have three different sites I'm going to do my initial test on. Okay? The difference is the network, you're testing a thousand sites. See how like, how much risk there is in that? Like, okay, put on a thousand sites. I have no idea which one's going to work. In 90% there's going to be failures and there's going to be like, maybe three or four percent that are going to work. I don't know what that is until I've wasted 20 or 30 grand. We're here, I'm going to do my best guess effort to find out exactly which sites are going to work. I'm going to contact ten of them and use that to negotiate. Like, well these guys are going to get to me for this price and this price. I negotiate down to the point where I have three sites I'm going to test with and I'm going to buy ads on those three sites. Okay? And it's not a difficult process. And all of a sudden done, basically come back to me and you're like, hey, I'm going to buy an ad on your site. What I want to do is I, I'm willing to spend X. I'm only spending $1,000 or $500 or five, whatever your number is. And like, you got to kind of figure out what your budget's going to be on this. So let's say your budget is $1,000. So I'm going to take that $1,000, try to split between these three sites. Some sites won't let you do it that low. Other sites will let you. But you're going to try to negotiate that to get in there. And then you put your banner out on these three sites and you can start testing it. And traffic will start coming and really quick you're going to find out if it's working. Okay? And if one site's working or two or none of them and all this stuff will start happening and that's when you start finding out all these things. Okay? It was the demographics right. Did the offer work, did the landing page work, did the traffic source work, all these things start happening and that's how we start buying sites direct. Does that make sense? Okay? Now when I'm doing this, again, like I said, we're modeling everything as close as we can. So I know that this is what their offer looks like right here. That's what their landing page looks like. I know that this is what their banner ads look like. So I'm making, and I know these are the sites that they're buying these banner ads on. So I'm coming back and I'm replicating, making a campaign that looks similar. It's on a similar site and the banner ads similar. I'm trying to do my best guess. And usually if those things work and you put it out there, usually we'll get at least one of the three. Usually a lot of times all three will work. We'll go break even on the front or make us a profit. And now we can start doing this and scaling it. Okay? And after I've got one site working, then we add another one. And we keep growing until we get five sites and then ten sites. And every single one of these things, when you add it in, it just starts growing the traffic that's coming into your site. Does that make sense? Okay? One of the big things I focus on in our business is how, like one of my monitors, where we want to call is, how can I get myself erased today? I want to get myself erased every single day. And the best way to do that is just every day I'm trying to figure out new traffic source, like what's the new thing I can plug it to? And if I find out this site can get me 100 leads profitable a day, I put it on there, and then every day it's bringing me 100 leads, 100 leads, 100 leads, okay? That's awesome. And I find another site, I get an awesome boom, and I got two sites making me 100 leads a day, and I got 200 leads a day coming in. My list is growing, everything's working. And then the third one and fourth, and you keep adding things on, and it's keep growing and growing and growing. And this is one of the easiest ways to scale and offer after it's working, okay? Banner ads. Now, there's a lot more to this, obviously. There's so many elements to test and stuff like that, and we don't have time in this. Maybe I'll do a bonus training after where we dig a lot deeper so you can see the technical stuff that's hard to show from a stage and from this kind of perspective. But my goal for you is to understand the conceptually how this works, okay? This is how we create an offer that's a winner. As we go in reverse engineer, it's already working, model it, find the sites that the traffic's already on, and we put our ads on the same sites. Okay, I'm not that smart, right? I just find out what's working, and we model it. Okay, that's really the reality of how we all win this game, okay? So for you guys, I want you to do tonight, and I think, I don't know about you, but this is like my favorite, I have so much fun with this part of it. Is go tonight, find a couple competitors on Clickbank. If you can't find them on Clickbank, go to Google or go wherever. And at least one of their products, buy it. And I want you guys to go through that process and figure out all these pieces. What's their upsell, what's their downsell, what's the offer? What's all these pieces? And spend $100 to buying that thing. That'll be the best $100 you ever spend. Cuz now I know exactly what you need to do to be successful, okay? It's one of the easiest ways. And then when you come back tomorrow, you'll know that. Now you got an idea of what their funnels look like. Now we can start figuring out exactly what your funnel's gonna look like and how we're gonna build it. So we'll come back now as to where do we get this traffic. Now this slide is the same one I showed you guys earlier today, okay? Remember earlier today we talked about building your own platform, where you're out there talking and you're gonna build a big following in one of these five areas, right? Either email, Facebook, YouTube, podcast, and blog, okay? This has everything to do with traffic because this is what you're doing to develop traffic. And again, this is where traffic is at on the internet. So we talked about one way is finding the sites that people are advertising on. Okay, well all these sites are blogs. When you start digging into this, you'd be like, man, they're buying banner ads on other people's blogs. That's all we're doing now is other people have built up this big following. There are attractive characters, there are new sites, whatever they are, and they have all these people and they're coming to read this blog and we're just buying ads on their site, right? That's the newspaper thing. So this same concept works though really well with email. So I'm gonna come back to where we're gonna start at the top, kinda go back down. So one cool thing that we found is when we were trying to reverse engineer our neuropathy product, right? We're trying to find out the stacks and they took it through this process. I found all our competitors. I found a whole bunch of really cool stuff. And we found a couple sites that one of our competitors was buying ads on. And at the time, I had never bought banner ads before and we were kinda nervous but we wanted to test it out. But the one thing that we're really good at in our company, I think we're much better at this than banner ads, we're really good at buying email ads, okay? So we went to one of these sites and they were buying ads on like a conservative Republican news site. We're like, awesome, these guys are buying ads right here on the thing. I wonder if there's an email list, like this blog or this news site. I wonder if they have an email list. So the little advertised button at the bottom we clicked on. Sure enough, they got a whole bunch of stuff. You can buy banner ads on our site, you can buy emails on our site, whatever. So for us, we gravitate more towards email, okay? Cuz I love, my favorite thing about email is I can buy an email and within a day, I know if it worked, it comes fast. It's like a big surge of traffic and you can see things really, really fast. So for me, that's my personal favorite way to test and offer and get it out fast. So we started going to these sites that have our target demographic on them. And they've got an email list and we're buying ads directly in the email lists. That makes sense? So for you guys, you need reverse engineer, you say, okay, here's a health site that these guys are buying ads on. They also have an email list. Maybe I can rent that email list and put ads in that as well, okay? And again, email for me is by far my favorite, especially when we're trying to test out a funnel, cuz you can get results really, really fast. The banner ad stuff I just showed you guys is good, but for me, it takes a little longer, there's more variables that you can still kind of script. I usually start initially with email and then Facebook, which John's gonna talk about here in a second. But we start like that, okay? So in each of your markets, as you guys are doing some of this research, I promise you that in every market, if you come back to this, this slide, with direct and indirect people, right? Who of your direct competitors has an email list? A lot of times your direct competitors won't promote your products cuz there's too much of a conflict, but which one of your indirect competitors have an email list? Okay, for email, usually we're targeting the indirect. So now I'm selling the weight loss ebook, I'm gonna find those guys on the weight loss supplement to promote my ebook. Cuz it doesn't conflict with him, and people are, it's same target market, he's gonna make a bunch of money promoting that, okay? Does that make sense, you guys? And so one of the best ways from day number one in your business is you should be joining every single email list in your market cuz you wanna find out what lists are out there, what people are promoting, what they're selling. And so come back. So with email, basically two core things that we do with email. I talked to you guys about the strategy of building your own email list. I think you guys all get that pretty strong. So the next thing is just like you, if you got a list of 100,000 people and you send an email, you're gonna make money. There are tons of people out there in almost every single market you can dream to have email lists the exact same way. And almost all of them will do one of two things. Number one, you can come up to those guys and say, hey, you got a big huge email list. How would you like to send an email out and sell my product? And I'll pay you a commission on each of those, right? Pretty basic, we call it an affiliate or a joint venture partner. Okay, my very first product I ever created. I didn't have a list, I didn't know how to drive traffic, but I met this guy who had an email list of like 15,000 people. I was like, hey man, this is my product. I'll give you 100% commission to sell it. He was like, why would you give me 100% commission? I'm like, I don't know, you should just do it. And in my head, I was like, amateur's focus on the front end. You got 100% to sell it. So he sent an email out to his list. He sold a whole bunch of them. I gave him all the money he made from it. And guess what I got? 217 subscribers. I might as well make a big deal to you guys, but that was the beginning of my business. I had people, I had an audience now. Now all this attractive character stuff, I have someone I can like give it to. They're like, hey guys, I'm awesome. This is why. And all of a sudden, this little group of people started liking me. And then, to the next thing, I'm like, hey, you got a big email that says my product converts really, really good. I'll give you 100% to promote it. All right. I'm sure they're thinking to me, what a moron. You don't make any money when you give 100% away, but amateurs focus on the front end. I understood that. So they promote it. And boom, I got that. They promote my offer, get all the money, but I got a list. And I kept doing that. I kept doing that. And eventually, my list was 1,000 people, and then 5,000, 10,000. Now we're over half a million people. And that's kind of one really good strategy. You don't always have to give an affiliate person 100%. But most people who get in this business, they err on the other side. And they're like, I'm going to pay my affiliate 10%. There's not many affiliates who get excited about 10%. And if they don't promote your thing, then guess what you get? You get nothing. If our goal is our initial funnel to break even, give them 100%. Give them 50%. Whatever that number is, give them as much as they want, because your goal is not to make money initially. Your goal is to build a list so you can make money on everything else. So affiliates are a great way to do that. Now a lot of people, they don't do affiliate things for whatever reason. And so for those people I come back to them, I say, hey, well, you don't do affiliate stuff. Well, can I buy an ad in your list? How about I write an ad? I give you a whole bunch of money. And you just send an email out to that list, and I keep all the money. And for whatever reason, a ton of people like doing this. It's crazy. We call them solo ads. And there's literally solo ads. People that will sell you solo ads in their email list in almost every market I've ever tried to do it in. In finance market, in health, nutrition, weight loss, and make money. And they're all over the place. In the bizop how to make money market, David, I talked about this yesterday. There's so much that's happening that I think the quality's dropped down. But in other businesses, it's crazy. We had for our nurse cell, one of our first ads. You remember when we put, I think you spent $3,000 for the ad. I'm gonna make like $15,000, $20,000. It's like five or six times our money back on the front end. I was just like, this is like Christmas. And these are listed out there everywhere in all of your markets, you guys. Okay? And so we find them and say, hey, this is the deal. You got an email list. How much do you charge? A lot of times they're like, hey, it's $1,500, send an email to my list. Like, all right, write them a check, send an email to their list. And within a day, all these people come through and you know if your offer's gonna work. And you start getting money back, you break even, you make it proper, whatever it is, but it happens really, really fast. Okay? So for me personally, my favorite way to drive traffic is email. I think it's the fastest, the best, the easiest. That's what I always personally focus on first. Some of you guys, it's not gonna be that way. Some of you guys like Facebook, some of you guys like Bandra. Everyone's kind of gravitates towards their favorite thing. And that's fine, that's what we're kind of sharing all these different strategies with you. But email's the one that I focus on the most. This question was, do we have a rough formula for how much we wanna pay on an email list? So that is, it's hard to give you exact number because there's so many variables, like what market, what list, what there's a whole bunch of things. So what we normally do is in each market, not every market, but a lot of markets, there's list brokers that work in those markets. And basically come to them and they kinda negotiate on your half. Or you can go directly to the person you're trying to negotiate, but it changes a lot. Brent's on our team that buys all the ads. What would you say is an average, what's a good average we give people on? What's cool about it is, like you say, the more specific you're getting, the more expensive you're gonna do. But if you can create an offer that's more mass appeal. So our neuropathy is nerve pain, right? A lot of people have nerve pain. Weight loss, a lot of people wanna lose weight. Make money, a lot of people wanna make money. And so again, everyone's like, I don't wanna go in the hyper-competitive markets. The hyper-competitive markets are the best because I can buy for a lot cheaper a bigger list. And if it appeals to more people, it's gonna be cheaper for me to get more people in the funnel. The more specific you are, the more expensive it is. But you can also target and get that. Like our health related lists, we twice as much money as a general list. But usually on the health related lists, they have health problems and will make way more money. So it just, it kind of plays with that. How do you find a list broker? I would guess you go to Google and type in list broker. Or just ask around. We work with list brokers in the bizop space. So like Dagen Smith's great in the bizop space. He runs a site called the Home Business Agency. It basically fuels like every MLM out there. In the personal development space, we use a guy. Personal development also like survival lists and kind of that market is growing. Brian Littman's who we use at dedicatedemails.com. So if you have any kind of personal development offer, weight loss offer, survivalist offer, things like that, they do really well. Another guy that we use is Jack Whelan. What's their company name? Jim Whelan, sorry. Is that the company name? Is Jim Whelan? Or is it James Whelan agency? They do a lot of like the financial, survival, the news list, things like that. We've got guys in the finance space. So there's a lot of different list brokers. So we use them direct. A lot of times though there's not list brokers. We first started doing a nurse that we were looking for diabetes lists. There's not like, at least I haven't found a broker who just deals with diabetes lists. So I just went into Google. I literally typed in diabetes advertising email, something like that. On the top 10 page there's like three or four people that were like, we have diabetic lists, here's our advertising rates, and all that stuff came up. So a lot of times just doing a little searching and kind of looking for it. And you can find sites direct again. And just like with the banner ads, you go direct to the site as opposed to working through a network. But I would say for a lot of you guys, especially if you're like me and you're impatient, you set the whole funnel up and you're like, okay, what's the fastest way to test this? The fastest way is email. Like let's gamble 500 bucks or 1,000 bucks and just see if it's going to work. And you put it in there. And what's cool, like I said, is you'll find out within hours a lot of times. Like when we first did our, in January, we did our first test with the new Neuroself funnel, the ad went out at what time, Brent? You think it was like five or six in the morning? So by the time we got the office, we showed up and Brent said, it was like 10 a.m. He's like, do we just broke even? I'm like, what? I'm like, 10 a.m. He's like, yeah, we just broke even. I'm like, holy crap, this is going to be awesome. And it's been a ride ever since then. Okay, because by 10 a.m. we'd already broken even. And after that, I think we tripled over that first day. We're like, this is great. And we started just running. So you never know what's going to happen until you test it. Now, we made another example in our weight loss market, the very first funnel we built out. And if you guys have this book, I share this whole story in the opening article. But it kind of shows our thing. So we had an offer called Body Evolution, and we did the first test. We spent $5,000 in, we bought a $5,000 drop, because I was like, really, come on, oh, this is going to work awesome. I broke some rules. I did a horrible job of modeling another offer. Our friend and offer did not work. But I didn't know that at first. We bought this whole thing. We sent the email out, and we're waiting, and we're waiting, and within a day we looked at it, and we hadn't even got close to breaking even. And I'm like, ugh. And email usually will know within a couple hours, within a day if it's going to work or not. And within the first day, I'm like, we weren't even close. So by the second I get some trickles through, and by the third day, it was dead. And I'm like, ugh, that sucked. But it was awesome. And the best thing about this whole business we're in, you guys, this whole direct response business, what's cool is if you look in here, I mapped out. I said, OK, here's our process. Here's our offer. Here's our funnel. I want to see how fast you guys can see where the issue was. So we drove everybody through a squeeze page, and the conversion on the squeeze page was 38%. Then from there, we took them to our initial offer. I think it was $47, and our conversion was 0.76%. Then from there, we took them to OTO number one, which I can't remember the price point on. OTO stands for one-time offer. So our first one-time offer, we had 25% conversion. Our second offer, we got 19% conversion. And our third offer, we got 16% conversion. We sent the email out. I was all frustrated. I was like, this sucks. I hate being in the biz off, or the weight loss space. It doesn't work. It's intermarketing things a bunch of big scam. I'm out. Right? That's what most people do. It drives me crazy. Or else I bought an ad and it didn't work. Your scam artist is like, serious? And so for a couple of days, I was just upset. I didn't even work. I was just frustrated. Then I thought, I'm going to step back and look and see what happened. We step back. We looked at the numbers, looked at that. Is there anything blaringly obvious to anybody besides me? This did awesome. This did awesome. This did awesome. This did awesome. That sucked. That was it. There was one piece in the middle that was broken. I don't have to touch any of these or that. Everything else worked. But this little piece right here, it didn't work. So I'm going to just fix that. We tweaked that. We fixed that. It opens up the floodgates. And so the new version that we're rolling out next week is this. I looked at this. Our initial, the offer on this was very much like, how to, and I think at this point in my career, I would be pretty good at not screwing this up. But the whole offer was like, how to lose weight by improving your mindset. Horrible offer. They were just trying to think about doing that. Don't do that. You can still go on the back end like I talked about, but that's not a good front end offer. Front end is you need the fad, exciting, cool thing. It's going to be in diet. You just have to drink chocolate and lose tons of weight. Something like that that's sexy on the front end. And I don't know the numbers yet, but I guarantee it's going to be higher than this. Okay? So if I give this to 3% or 5%, if 5%, this funnel makes me a million bucks a year. Okay? And so it's just fixing that piece, trying it out again and see what happens. That make sense, you guys? So that's why I love this game, because that's what it is. You create this funnel the best you possibly can. You buy some ads and you look at it and it either works out of the gate. You break even. You're like, awesome. Break even. What could we do now to sell people in the back end? You look at it and you're like, what sucked about this? And if you can find and identify it, then you just tweak that, try again. And within two or three tries, usually we get it right. Okay? And so that's, hopefully that'll give you guys some encouragement. If you're in this process and something hasn't worked yet, if it doesn't work, it doesn't mean it's dead. It means there's something broken. You just got to find that little piece. And as soon as you get that to work, everything else can start working for you. So this question was before ClickFonts, where do you use to track every one of these pages? We were really unsophisticated. All we did is we looked at how many clicks we got. So in our click account, we got a thousand clicks, let's say. How many opt-ins I got? I got 380 opt-ins. How many people bought that? One dude bought that. How many people bought this? You know, whatever that is, I just looked at it. It wasn't like some fancy, there's no super good software. It's just like, here's the whole thing. ClickFonts will do that now. But before, it was just kind of like piecing it together. That's why it wasn't like, I looked instantly. It was like a week later, I'm like, all right, what's wrong? Oh, cool. I got so excited and I realized what was wrong. Okay? The other thing, this is a side note from a testing standpoint, which is kind of cool, is when we send these emails out, and this is the same on banner ads and stuff like that, just changing your headline on your banner ad or the subject line of your email can change the whole campaign as well. So when Brent bought the solo ad for this, he said, what headlines do you want to test? And again, all these tests are in the split test book. But we put different headlines in. One of them was, excuse me, it's not your fault. They're making you fat or something like that, conspiracy theory based, a couple of other ones. One of the headlines I threw, and it was like a joke, we put in four headlines, one of them was, Carrie's dirty little weight loss secret. And anyway, we send the email out. And what was interesting is that email, the first email that gets subject line, let's say the email goes out to 100,000 people. Person number one gets headline number one, number two, and it rotates through and it starts over, right? So when all of a sudden done, 250,000 or 200, whatever, a fourth of all those people got a different headline. And then we looked at the stats and we found out that, so here's the email back here, look at the stats, that it was like the four different headlines, one of the headlines had like six times more clicks than the other ones. Six times more clicks. And so I looked at it and I was like, man, if that headline went to every email, we've got an extra 2,000 clicks for free that we didn't get because the headline didn't capture people's attention. So the second email we sent out, we just used that, which increased the throughput on everything. Now what was cool is we found out Kerry's dirty weight loss secret, that that got people excited to open an email and click, right? So we did, we came back here now to the landing page, we changed the headline that we had before to find out what Kerry's dirty little weight loss secret is, and guess what, this shot up, more people opted in. And then the headline on this is like, hey, this product's gonna teach you Kerry's dirty little weight loss trick and conversions went up there. So you can learn these little things along the way that you can take back and just, you find out this subject line works best, let's move that throughout the entire funnel. So this question was, if you find out the email that subject line works better or worse, how long do you wait to repeat the campaign? The reality is, as soon as Brent tells me I can try again, because it's not, we were buying $5,000 apps, he was like, you don't get another one this month, like, all right, in the next month, can I try again? Yeah, you can try it. That's part of it. The reality is like, especially if you, I know this from doing joint ventures and stuff, I get sent an email to my list promoting a product, I get sent an email the next day promoting a product and get just as much or more money the second day as I did the first day. So you could, if you can just write the check a couple of times, you could do it really, really quick and really quick and easy. I don't think the saturation happens that nearly. I mean, we did Dr. Suzanne's list we did for Neurosel and we did it once and it crushed, we did like a week later and crushed it again. So like, you can usually do it pretty quick. People's attention span is really short, especially if you're tweaking the subject line, different people are going to respond. Some people, it's just, email is interesting because none of us read all of our emails every single day. So everyone that's getting it, there's only a fraction of people that get it every day anyway and you're always hitting different people in different times and there's, it will usually work multiple times before it stops working. So that's a great question. Okay, so that's some email stuff and again, we'll get in the final part of this tomorrow which will be really fun but that's some of the core first thing which is email. Just kind of put all this stuff in perspective. We're covering a lot, I think we're probably going deep in this session so a couple things I want to talk about like, I talked about traffic at the very beginning, right? The first thing we're talking about is who they're targeting market. The second thing is where are those people at, right? It always comes back to those two questions over and over and over again, right? If you can answer those two questions, you can make a bunch of money. Now for us and our company, if you look at what we do day in and day out, there's, it starts with two things. The first thing I'm always looking for after I've kind of done all this reverse engineering thing, first thing I'm personally looking for is what email list can I buy ads in? Because that's my easiest, fastest one I talked about. My second one now, and this is why I love Facebook so much, is where, what other fan page, like where else on Facebook are these people at? I think for 99% of you guys, if you focus on just these two strategies and do anything else in traffic, you can make more money than you ever dream about. I would say right now from our traffic, I would say 90% of our traffic comes from one of these two sources right now. Okay, depending on perspective. So if you're looking at a lot of different things, like these are the two things. Okay, I like email because I can get email tested out really, really quick. I get a fast return I find out. I like Facebook because, again, if I have a juicing offer, I'm going to Drew Canole's site. I can target those people in five seconds, my ads in front of them, so I can get things going really, really fast. I can start a lot cheaper a lot of times. I can test things out really, really fast. We can try a bunch of things. But that's like the majority of where most of our traffic comes from. Okay, so if you're wondering like where should I focus, where should my efforts be, it'd be mastering those two things. Am I humble yet accurate opinion? Just kidding. So that'll be the first two. Now from there, as an entrepreneur, when I mastered these, not before, because I don't want, the biggest thing I could talk about earlier, is that today? This is still the first day, right? Man. Like I talked about earlier today, just like when you are publishing your attractive character, right? You don't want to be in a million, I don't want to be doing Facebook and YouTube and probably if you have too much stuff you're so spread out you can't do it. I talked about you have to have email and at least one of those other platforms to be focusing on. Advertising the same thing. These are the two core platforms you should be focusing on. After you've really figured this out, you're successfully doing great with them. Now you can start dabbling into other things. The next ones I start looking at are like the banner ads, right? Like we showed you at the very beginning. Now I know what sites these people are on. Now let me buy banner ads on those sites as well. Where else do these people at? They're banner ads. So start moving into banner ads. The next thing after I do banner ads I might look at is YouTube. You're going to watch a video on YouTube and you cook, play and all this annoying commercial comes up and you're like, you're waiting, you're waiting, you can finally skip it and watch your video. I got friends making insane amounts of money doing YouTube ads like that. They find a video in their niche that's already getting millions and millions of views and they just buy the ad right on top of that video. We don't personally do that yet. We're going to start doing that soon. But I would say that would, in my level of what I would focus on, that buy me number four is YouTube ads. You still do that? Yeah. All the time. Yeah. If you guys know watch videos and all of a sudden you click, I was excited. Hey kids come watch this video. Click play and there's an ad. I'm like, ugh. Yeah. And what's interesting right now, I believe, again, we're not doing these ads because I don't know exactly but last I heard and they may have changed, I don't think they have yet though, is you only pay if somebody watches that entire thing. They watch five seconds of it and then click skip, you don't pay a penny. So if you have a really quick ad with a quick call to action at the very beginning and someone watches and they skip through it, it's free. So that's what my friends are doing. We're focusing so much right here that I don't want to divert attention and focus. Some of you guys, that may be your thing. You too might be your channel that you're in love with. They're just like, I'm in love with email. And that's the case, like study and immersive become awesome at that because it's not that complicated to figure out. You just got to go figure it out. So you too, you got podcasts, same thing. There's podcasts in your space. You can go and buy sponsorships and people's podcasts. These are a bunch of juicing podcasts here. Finally these guys, finally I'm going to be a sponsor and suddenly your ad can be showing up in all these different podcasts. Because podcasts might get 100,000 listeners, you might pay 300 bucks and your ad is in there. So those 100,000 people are all going to hear your 30 second little jingle, just like a radio show. So there's a ton of different places to start buying ads. So after you master these and start going through and you want to find out where else, where else, there's literally unlimited places. Twitter's another one that's hot right now. Anywhere that your market's at you can buy ads. And because of that is why a lot of people never get successful. That's why the internet marketing world works so good. It's everyone selling the new hot product about the new cool way to get traffic, right? Every single day. It keeps happening, keeps happening, keeps happening. From my personal experience doing this for over a decade now, these are the two I would focus on initially. Master these two and then start picking out other ones when you want to. And if not, maybe pick this on YouTube maybe. You know whatever one, like you hate Facebook, but you like YouTube maybe it's email and YouTube, but these are like the two corns I'd focus on and all the rest of them. Don't get caught up in the shiny thing of like, oh great, Twitter's the hottest new thing in the world. Maybe it is, but until you master the fundamentals don't focus on the new shiny object. Keep focusing on one thing at a time, then we can move in. I've been doing this a decade now, I still haven't had time to venture into YouTube. I want to, it's a sexy shiny thing. Everyone's talking about friends making millions on it. I'm like, that'd be so cool. I gotta focus on what I'm good at. And eventually I'll get to there, but not today. And hopefully this helps you guys when you're trying to make any decision on what you're investing in, other products people are selling. Just look at that, like in my business do I need this right now? Why in the world is someone buying a huge traffic course if they don't have a product yet? Let's focus on your product. Then you can go buy your traffic course. But right now let's focus on just the step that you need. So that's kind of the core stuff we wanted to cover today. Against days the theme behind today was igniting. All the stuff you need to do is get started on your business. If you look at what we've covered so far, the first thing we talked about today obviously was a secret formula, kind of reverse engineering what you need to create to build the business of your lifestyle. We're how to take what you've got and how to really map that out to the point where we know exactly who we want, the people we want to be focusing on, how to get them and get them working with us. The second thing we talked about was the attractive character. Who here had some like, ah-ha's the attractive character, like wow that's really cool. I can just tweak my own personality and more people are going to come to me. That's a big part and I hope you guys took that to heart and really understood the power behind that because just changing how you present yourself will change how many people come to you all day long. I was talking to Joy about this during the break, like just changing your attractive character will give you the ability to double, triple, quadruple your prices. Just that little thing is crazy how much the perception of what people think you are and how much they'll pay for your time. That's the big part. Next we talked about how to spend more than your competitor. We talked about building out a value ladder, having front-ends, having back-ends, having all these things. We have a business that we can actually spend money to drive traffic so we can break even on the front so we can build the list and so we can start making money. Then the last thing we talked about is just the concept behind traffic. She has to understand how traffic is out there and all we have to do as entrepreneurs is find where that's at. We find out what email lists are on and we're buying ads. We're on Facebook, we're hanging out, we're putting our message out in front of them. It comes back to the initial pitch we showed. The very first thing I showed when we started this is finding out where these people are at. I know what email lists they're on, I know what Facebook groups they're on, I know what sites they're, I know what YouTube videos they're watching. I know where they're at. Now I just got to throw my bait out there. Throw my bait out there and start pulling in my dream customers all day long. That makes sense, you guys? I know we covered a lot of stuff, but it should really come down to this picture is it. This is like it and that show. Everything can be done today in a nutshell. Who is the person I really, really want to work with? Where are those people at? What's the bait I need to get them and where do I want to take these guys after I get them? If nothing else today, that's the core I want you guys to really get out of this.