Thank you guys. I am super, super excited for the next couple days. Like Brent said, I think over the last 10 years, I've done a lot of different events, but I don't think I've ever put as much prep time at anything as I have for this event. You can ask my wife last night, I was studying my slides and getting through everything, she's like, I've never seen you like study for something before. Like, why want this to be, to be more than just like a typical event? I want this to really be the turning point for a lot of your guys' lives. And so, I put a lot of time and effort. So, just some really cool stuff, like the workbook that you guys have right here. What I've tried to do, and you'll see that as we start going through over the next three days, basically every concept we've ever done or taught or showed people before, like we do events and I teach a concept and then people would get excited, they learn, they go home and then they just like couldn't read, it's hard to remember things you learn from events sometimes, right? And so, I wanted to figure out a way that we could really make it so that when you guys leave here, you can remember everything that we learned. And so, I thought the coolest and the easiest way to do that was to figure out how to draw, how to make little drawings to illustrate every single concept we talk about. And if you look through the book right now, you look at the drawings, half of them, you're like, what in the world was Russell sketching out here? This makes no sense whatsoever. But then we'll do the session, we'll go through all the stuff. And the end of it, the image will make perfect sense for you and then when you go back home, you'll be like, oh, what's that concept Russell was teaching about? I can't remember that thing. And you open the book, you see the image and instantly all that stuff will come back into your mind. So that's kind of the game plan. And literally, like there's a tomorrow we'll be talking about or on Saturday about how we write copy and how we do our webinars and everything like that. I literally went, we had a couple big desks in our office, I took every cells that we've ever written, laid them all out, looked at everything we've ever done, had all of our, everything we ever created, right? And started going through all of them and trying to find like, what are the common themes, what do we do, what was the process on every single thing? And then from that, turn them into very simple images that walk you through a process. So when you guys get home, you can just take it and copy it and just kind of model the thing. So anyway, I'm really proud of it. I'm really excited to kind of be sharing with you guys. And this event's going to be awesome. So I'm excited. All right. So to begin with, over the next three days, I kind of broke the next three days up into three sections. Day number one is today, we're calling this Ignite. And the reason why is because this is kind of like the initial for your business. So we're going to be covering a lot of stuff that's going to be a lot of foundational things you need. And so this is kind of the beginning. We call the event.com.cigarsignite as well, because that's what the game plan is, right? To kind of ignite your business and really take it to the next level. As a side note, for those of you guys, if you start getting tired throughout this event, if you notice in the back, we've got the MMA Ignite. Do you guys see that? It's our supplement where there it is right there. We got like 10 bottles of it here. So if you start getting tired a little bit, this is the plan. You go back there, you take a scoop in your water, you shake it up and drink it, and in about five minutes, your face will start tingling. And that's when you know it's working, right? And then after that, you won't be able to sleep the rest of the day. And you'll be alert and energy and everything. It's awesome. So it's our new supplement. He's going back for some more. It's really good stuff. Sean actually over here, he's the one that invented it. It's awesome. It tastes like Kool-Aid. But don't drink it like Kool-Aid. If you drink a lot of it, you can ask Garrett where you at. How much did you have yesterday? He hasn't slept yet. So there's your warning. If you need to ignite your mind and just keep awake, especially after lunch, take a little shot of that and you'll be good to go. And you guys are definitely our guinea pigs. If you die or have any issues with it, let us know so that we can put more warnings on the label. I mean, it'll help when we start selling it. But it's one of our new supplements. So again, today we're talking about Ignite. We're going to cover a lot of stuff, you guys. Second day is called Funnelology. I'm sure you guys have heard a lot recently about funnels and sales funnels. And my belief patterns and what we do is different than I think the way that anybody else does it. And so what we're going to do tomorrow is really cool. The beginning of the day, we're going to walk through the seven phases of a sales funnel and then we'll walk through the 31 building blocks of a funnel. And it's really cool because after you see this, you'll see, you look at any of my offers, any of my products and be like, that's all Russell did. I was telling someone this last night, but four or five, I guess it was like seven or eight years ago now, some of you guys may know Justin Brook. Justin Brook came and did a free internship for me. He flew out to Boise and worked for free for me for a month, right? And he was working with me and I remember about three weeks into it, I took him out to dinner, he pulled me aside and he was like, you know what, Russell, you're really not that smart. I was like, wow, that's awesome. Thanks, man. He's like, no, no, no, he's like, he's like, not that you're not smart. He's like, but all you do is like four or five things over and over and over again and they work every single time. I was like, yeah, that's kind of the point, right? He's like, whatever else is like doing all this crap and they're teaching all this stuff and you just do four or five things over and over and over again. I'm like, yeah, that's kind of the way it works. He's like, yeah, so you're not that smart. So you guys will find out about it. In the event, you'll be like, wow, Russell really isn't that smart. This is a lot easier than I think. So you're going to see exactly what we do over and over again. And then we have a really cool session where we're actually going to build out funnels. We're going to map it out. You guys can create whatever funnel you want. And then at the end of the day, we're actually going to open up our software click funnels with some of you guys have a chance to play with it. And you'll see how we can build any funnel you can dream of in about 15 minutes. And it's really, really cool. So that's going to be happening tomorrow. And then day number three, I call this inception. Who's ever seen the movie Inception? Okay, so the premise of that movie is Leonardo DiCaprio, right? He'd go back and he would place these ideas, they'd go in people's dreams, right? And they try to place an idea in somebody's mind in a dream that would get them to do something they needed to have happen, right? To cause this inception. And so I look at the way we do sales as inception, right? Because people hate to be sold, right? Who here likes to be sold? I really enjoy it actually. But like normal humans hate to be sold, right? But everybody loves to buy stuff. And so I'm going to show you the process we go through to take somebody where we just tell stories and do this really cool process. And my goal is not to sell them anything. My goal is to give them an idea to place a little epiphany in their mind. And as soon as I do that, you do it correctly, then they have decided like, I need to buy the scene. If you can cause that to happen, it changes your whole business. You get people to start taking action and buying things that you selling stuff. And so that's what day three is about, is all the sales part of it. So that's kind of what the next three days are about. What this event's about, there's a couple reasons why we're doing this event. One is I wanted to give a really good foundation to all of you guys. I know everyone's kind of come with different backgrounds and some people have been doing this for a long time. Some are brand new and I wanted to give a really solid foundation so that when you're done with this, you're like, okay, I understand the entire thing. Second thing I wanted to do is I wanted to make something that's very evergreen because the worst thing about internet marketing is that it changes all the time, right? And I don't want to do this event, teach you guys a really cool like tactic and then you go home and in a week from now it doesn't work anymore. Part of the reason is because recording this, I want to sell this forever and if I do that then it's not going to work, right? So that's my selfish reason. Second thing is just for you guys as well, like I don't want to teach you stuff that's going to kind of come and go. I want to teach all evergreen strategies that are timeless. It'll work today, tomorrow, a year from now, 10 years from now. In fact, I have a twin boys and my year old son last night. He wants to buy an iPad so he's getting all this stuff like he wants to learn how to make money. So he keeps asking me, how can I make money? How can I make money? And then last night I was put in a bed and I was telling him I was going to be gone today for this event. He's like, well dad, can you teach me how to make money? And I was like, well, that's kind of the whole point of this event. I'm recording this whole thing so that when you get to the point where you're actually ready to make money, you can just watch it and then you'll know how to make money. He's like, oh cool dad. So that's kind of a big purpose behind is make it evergreen. The second thing about this event, why I think it's different than any other event, is all this internet marketing stuff we're talking about. Most of the teachers and trainers of internet marketing are people who read a book about it and then start selling stuff, whereas we actually do this stuff every single day. We sell supplements, we sell physical products, we sell coaching, we sell stuff in a ton of different industries and niches and I think because that way of unique perspective on not just what works in the how to make money space but what works in any business. So I'm trying to share strategies and principles that aren't just, there's a lot of tricks I can teach you how to make money in the make money business but that's not the goal of this event. The goal is for whatever business you're in. I know we've got people that have real businesses here in this room. We've got people who are info businesses, we've got people that are selling supplements, we've got a really wide range of types of people here and so I want to make something that's universal for anybody. So that's kind of the other big goal for this event. And the other thing that's kind of fun is, if you guys noticed, I don't know if it's just me but like the new hot trend or the hot thing on the internet right now that everyone's talking about is hacking right. So growth hacking or lifestyle hacking or like ways to speed up things right, how to get things done faster. And what's really interesting is we're about to launch this new software company and so we've been trying to like look at other software companies that have been successful and it's shocking to me like how none of these guys know anything about internet marketing. They put stuff out there and they just pray and hope that something works right. That's what most of these guys are doing. And over the last year or so the new buzzword for all these like startups in Silicon Valley and stuff is like we do this stuff called growth hacking. We take our business and we hack it and we make it grow faster. So that's kind of cool. I want to see what this growth hacking is. So start looking at all of the articles talking about growth hacking. Guess what they're teaching? Teaching internet marketing. Same crap we've been teaching for ten years. But it's like this big huge new thing in Silicon Valley. Like oh my gosh, growth hacking. You can actually buy ads to grow your business. You can do upsells. And it's like this whole brand new world to them. So we're going to use word hacking a lot just because it's like the cool buzzword. But this is really, it's growth hacking. It's how to speed up the development and the process of your business, right? Things that used to take us and other people months, years, you know, a long time. We can now do it in a very, very short period of time. Yesterday in our mastermind meeting, I'm not sure if Shia Lo is here or not. But we were, she was talking about stuff and she was kind of concerned. Like okay, if I'm going to do this, I got all these things I got to buy and I got to hire designers, webmashing, all this stuff. And it's like, you know, that was true like two or three years ago. But like you look at it right now with ClickFunnels and stuff we're going to be showing you. Like literally with ClickFunnels, I don't need a programmer, I don't need a designer. I can lose like 90% of my staff. And luckily my programmers and designers aren't here. But they're going to find out really soon that they're no longer employed. But like you really don't need that stuff. Like the software creating is like hacking that process down for you guys so that everything you're doing can get done faster, easier, better. And that's kind of one of my big goals for this event is to give you guys the tools, the resources, the systems to really speed up the growth on any kind of business you want to do. All right. See, now one other thing is that some of you guys by the end of this week, actually all of you are, I promise you're going to feel a little bit like that. Okay, for a couple reasons. First off, I talk really, really, really, really, really fast. So a three day event is like eight or nine days for a typical person, right? So you guys are actually going to week worth of stuff. And I'm sure and I want to serve you guys at the highest level. So I'm not going to slow down and try to like, I want to give you guys as much as I can. That's why we're recording this as well. So after you guys leave this event, you can come back and watch the parts that you need to dig deeper. If I go over something a little too fast, you'll have the videos to kind of get deeper. But this feeling is a good feeling. Okay. I don't want anyone to come back to me like, I got information overload. That's a good thing. Because the biggest problem most of us have in our lives, and this is true in sports and education, anything is we're dabblers, right? We try something we dabble over here. We do like, okay, I need to dabble over here. Because of that, you never become great at anything. Okay. That's why I think the school system is so horrible, right? Takes you five years to get a degree and you're dabbling in all these different subjects and taking 12 different classes on. I'm learning a little about everything, but it's all jumbled together. And because of that, I'm not good at anything, right? Okay. I know that as an employer that most people at kind of college have no actual skills. They've dabbled in a million things and have nothing they can actually do. Okay. And what I do instead and what I believe in and what I follow is the concept of immersion. If I want to learn something, I need to immerse myself for a short period of time and just like dump as much information as possible as I can. So these three days is like immersion. You guys are going to get more than you ever wanted or thought you needed and you're going to feel overwhelmed. But what's cool about it is you're going to get the entire system and until you get the entire system, like nothing's going to make sense. If I'm just showing you this and this and this and it takes eight weeks for you to get the entire system, you're going to forget everything about day one and day two and it just doesn't make sense. If you ever notice like when you sit down and if you read an entire book in a day, you make different connections than if you read a chapter a day for like three or four months and finish a book, right? If your mind finds these connections, these things all start fitting together, you wouldn't normally see. And so that's why we're doing this way because again, you're going to feel overwhelmed, you're going to feel exactly like this little girl. This is my daughter. No, just joking. It's not really. But you're going to feel that way. You're going to feel overwhelmed, but it's important to that. Okay. And that's a good thing. So don't be concerned about that. Just understand that's the way you're going to get the entire picture. And then from there, we can come back and you can break things down step by step. But until you have the entire picture, it's hard to, it's hard to really understand where we're going. And if you don't know where you're going, it makes it, it makes this whole process a lot harder. Okay. I have a story and we're going to be talking later today about parables. So this is one of my parables. But when I was, I went to school here at Boise State, so just a couple blocks from here. And my senior year, I had a creativity class. And my instructor's name was Dr. Murley, this little tiny dude, little Indian guy. And our senior project rivers, we had to create something, make something creative and we had to share it with the class. And so I don't know, everyone had these weird ideas and they're making these little projects and stuff. And I was doing this whole internet marketing thing. And I was like, I'm going to make a website and just sell something. So I made this little website. It was a membership site. I put it all together and I set it up and I launched it. And I got 200 or 300 members signing up for like 30 or 40 bucks a month. And I was excited. And I remember from my class, I came in and I presented that. I said, okay, this is what I did. And I walked the whole process. This is, I got the domain name and the idea. And this is how I created the content. And this is how I set, I just walked through the whole process of how I made this, this site. And I said, and this is how I launched it, how I made money right now it's making $7,000, $8,000 a month. And this is my thing. And little Dr. Murley's over the corner, like you can see him just jumping around like freaking out, right? So I get done, he runs up, he's like, do you guys understand what he just said? Like, he spent a month worth the time he built this little business like $8,000 a month. That's, you know, I can't do the math that that's a hundred grand a year. Like that's more than I'm making as a teacher. He's freaking out. He's like, you guys, you have any questions? And the students are like typical college kids sitting back in their chairs, like barely awake. And one kid like leaning back raises his hand. He's like, yeah, man, that seems really cool and all, but seems like a lot of work. I remember sitting back and I kind of laughed. And I didn't say this, I was too shy back then, but I wish I would have, I wish I would have sent back and said, you know what, like, it took me a month of hard work. Like it was hard. I put in all my extra time between wrestling practice and school. And I put in a lot of extra time, but in 30 day period of time, I built an asset that's making me $8,000 a month and could make that for me for the rest of my life. Okay, that's $100,000 a year. And I took me a month to create that asset. Now it just, it just works, right? I was like, for him, that kid, he's got another couple months of school, and he's going to graduate, and he's going to go to a job, he's going to make, you know, $22,000 a year, and then in a couple years, I get a raise, and a couple years, I get a raise. And hopefully by the time he dies, he's making $60,000, $70,000 a year. I don't know about you, but that seems like a lot more work than, than what I did, right? So what I want you guys to understand is that they're two paths. Okay, in this path, this immersion and dumping a whole bunch of stuff on you and working your butt off for a little finite period of time, is going to seem like a lot of work. But I promise you, it's a lot less working the other way around. Okay, so if you guys can commit to yourself to do that and put forth the effort, I promise you guys, it's worth, it's worth it. So success and failure, I want to talk about this. There's a lot of you guys know I've been doing this for over a decade now. Is that weird? The other day, I went to the doctor for some, for something, and the, the girl thought I was 17 years old. So when I was seven years old, I started doing this. Anyway, so I've been doing this for a long time, and it's been interesting as I've been doing this, is like, there's a very clear path of people who have tons of success and the people who don't do anything. Okay, usually when I sit in a room of a people like you, and we start like asking questions and stuff, I can tell within a few minutes, like who's going to, who's going to have, make money and who's going to not. It's not weird. Like you can tell really, really fast. And so there's a couple like, telltale traits. Who's curious about what those are? Okay, so, so this is like, if I was going to dictate if you're going to be successful, this is the stuff. And the good news is there have been people who I thought would not be successful and they changed their mind and they became successful. So these are all things you can do, but it causes, you have to have a shift in your thinking to make it work. Otherwise, it's not going to work, right? So the first thing, and this is probably one of the biggest things, is that people are getting this business and their goal is, I got to figure out how to make money. I got to figure out how to make money. Rarely have success in this business. Almost never. They have success in this business. Okay? Your goal is, I got to make money, I got to make money. That's hard. Now, as entrepreneurs, we all want to make money, right? Okay, that's not a bad thing. I want to make money every single day, but that's not my primary driving focus. The people who are successful, their primary driving focus is they've got something of value they want to do in this world to share. Okay? They're, they're good at fitness or nutrition or something that they're good at and they're passionate about and they're, they're, they're driving force in life. It's like, I want to help people with this thing that I've got. Okay? I was talking yesterday, I mastermind group, about every single person, I believe every single person in this world has a superpower. I tell my kids this all the time. I'm like, what are your superpowers, guys? And the first time I had this conversation with them, down's like, my superpower is hugging people. I'm like, that's a good superpower. And then, Bowen's like, my superpower is running. And then, and then my daughter says, well, Aiden's superpower is hurting people. Aiden's my little three-year-old. Oh, yeah, that's probably true. So I think everybody's got a superpower. Okay? And I think every single one of you guys have a superpower and it's something. Okay? For me, I'm passionate about three or four, that three or four superpowers. But that's the thing that I'm most passionate in the world about. And I'm, I'm excited and fired up and I want to like, share that and help people with that. Okay? So for all you guys, you got to figure out what that superpower is, what you're passionate about, what the, the thing that you were, you were put on this world, on this earth to help someone with, and you can figure that out. And that becomes your driving focus, the money's going to come. Okay? When I shift into my mindset from, I got to make money, got to make money, to like, how can I serve people? How can I help people to a higher level? Everything changed for me. Okay? So that's one of the biggest things you guys is, is we need to be focused on obviously the money, but the main focus has to be how, how can you help people? How can you serve people? And that's the focus. Everything else will just fit in. Okay? All the other things will, will, will come to you. Okay, the next thing that's, that's interesting is that, and this is, this is weird. So every single one of you guys, all of us, we have a dream, right? Something we're trying to achieve. Okay? Some of you guys, it's money, some of you guys, it's lifestyle, whatever it is. And if you look at like the reason why most people fail, if I was to ask you guys, you could all give me reasons why you think most people fail. But I believe that the number one reason why most people fail at this, or at weight loss, or any bit, anything they're trying to do, is because they've got this dream, right? This, this thing that they want. Okay? And they want to go do it. But the biggest thing is that they, they take that step forward, and they try, and they fail, that dream will disappear for them. Right? That dream's gone. And so because of that, they're so scared to take that step, because they don't want to lose the dream, they won't, they won't step at all. They'll just sit there. That's why there's so many people in any market, weight loss, make money, find everything who will buy, and they'll buy, and they'll buy, because that buying of stuff fuels their dream. But they will never act on it, because the second they try, if it doesn't work, the dream's gone. Okay? And I promise you guys, if some of you guys are struggling, that's probably the reason. I bet money that's probably the reason for some of you guys. Okay? So what you have to understand is you have to disassociate yourself from, from the outcome. If you don't, you're going to be in this forever, where you're just like, ah, what if my dream goes away? I have a friend who's a chiropractor here in town, and one day, he called me like 11 o'clock at night, it's like, hey man, everything's going under, I, I'm gonna have to, like, I'm in trouble, I need to talk. I was like, all right, so we went and drove to his practice, and we sat down, and we started talking, and, and he just started telling me like, you know, I don't have the money to pay the bills, to pay my rent, my, we haven't taken a paycheck in a year, like all these things that entrepreneurs feel, right? You guys are all entrepreneurs, you've felt that stuff before, right? It's scary, and they're real, they're real fears, okay? They're not fake, they're real things. And he went through this whole list of stuff, and I felt sick for him, and he said, you know, like, he's like, what's, I need some magical marketing advice, like, give me some magic tip I can do that's going to take my business to the next level. And I looked at him, I was like, I don't, I don't have a magic tip for you, man. I was like, but this is what I gotta tell you, I said, I said, right now, like, what's the worst, what's the worst case scenario? If this whole thing just disappeared tonight, what's the worst case scenario? He's like, well, I'd go bankrupt, okay? What, what, what else would, what would that cause? Well, if I went bankrupt, I'd have to move. You know what I mean? Well, if I have to, if I have to move and go bankrupt, my, my in-laws are, are going to think less of me, and my, and we started listing off all the, all the fears he had in his head, all the reasons why, why he was scared. And I took that, I said, I said, do you want to know the reason why your, your business is not successful? I said, those fears are so real for you, you're scared to take that step. If you take that step, those fears, those fears could come true, right? I said, the only way you can move forward is you have to look at those fears in the eye, you have to look at the worst case scenario and be completely okay with it. Because until you do, you will not be able to move. Okay, we had a time in our company where we had 100 employees, our overhead was about $800,000 a month, and I thought I was on top of the world, and one day everything collapsed. Everything just fell down around my, around my feet, and I had those same fears, and I was just scared to death. And for a couple of days I was paralyzed, I couldn't move because I was so scared. It wasn't telling me, for, till I sat down and said, what's the worst thing that could happen? I listed it out, and I was like, I'm okay with that. And as soon as I became okay with that, it gave me the ability to step out and start going after it and start doing what I needed to do to make, to make changes. Okay, and because of that, we were able to, to change our business and everything. I look at my friends chiropractor, he tells me that that night was a defining point in his career. So that's when it changed. I, I, something was okay with the worst case scenario, and I was able to move forward and have success. So for you guys, I would look at that, like, look at what's the worst thing, because if you, if you're okay with the worst case scenario, now you've got what you need to stop moving forward. Okay, I have a friend who teaches personal development stuff, and essentially he gave me a really interesting analogy. He said that all of us as like driven entrepreneurs, we go to events, we buy courses, we do all this stuff to, to, so we can figure out how to go forward, right? We're sitting in a car and we got the gas pedal going forward. He said the, the biggest issue is like, we're sitting in gas, we're sitting in the car, we're flooring the gas, but at the exact same time we got a foot on the brake. Okay, he's like, that's what a lot of people are struggling with. They have foot on the gas from the brake and the wheels are spinning and you're not moving. Okay, if you ever felt like you're spinning and nothing's moving, that's what's happening. You got your foot on both things. You got to get your foot off the freaking brake and then you can go forward. Okay, that's not some stuff I'm talking about, is he's getting those things out so you get your foot off the brake. Cool. So those are the, those are the big, the big things between success and failure that I, that I've seen that wanted to kind of cover real quick. So next thing is the secret formula. Who here wants no secret formula? Okay, this, this, this image here is in, is in your book. Is that a cool little sketch or what? So this kind of goes against some of the, the initial mindset stuff as well. If you look at how a lot of people get into this or any business, usually you come and you've got a product, right? You're like, oh, here's a product, right? I joined some company and here's my opportunity or you come with something and you try to start a building a business around there. I did the same thing. That's why I started it. I made some product, came out to try to sell it and I had some initial success, but it wasn't, it never really blew up for me until I understood this principle right here. Okay, the very first question you got to ask yourself is who? Okay, who is it that you actually want to serve? You know, for probably seven or eight years of my business, I didn't know who that person was. I was just selling stuff and selling stuff. Okay, it wasn't until I sat back and really said like, who don't want to sell to? Like, who's the kind of person I'm working with every single day? Okay, because for most of you, this is, this is going to become a full time, if it's not right now, it'll become a full time gig, right? This is your thing. So you have to like be in love with the person you want to serve. Okay, and so for us and our company, we sat down one day about a year ago and I was like, right now we're selling, a lot of people we're selling, we're like brand new beginners, they nothing's happening. I was like, I want to work with, I want to work with people who are, who are having success and we can help take them to that next level. And so we sat down and we said, let's, let's figure out who that person is. So literally this is the process we went through. You guess she was the exact same thing. I sat down, I wrote, I wrote out a girl's name. In my mind, I said, I want to work with someone named Julie. Like she's like my dream person. Okay. I said, now what are the characteristics of Julie? I'm like, well, she's successful. She's a driven woman. She wants success, literally bad. Also, Julie, she's got a message and she has this message and she knows that she could change the world. She could just get it out to more people, but she has no idea how to do that. Maybe she's doing it a little bit, but just not to the level she wants to yet. Okay. She values her own personal growth over the money she's going to make. That's kind of people I want to work with. And then the last thing is that she's already got a business that's making some money. I want someone who's moving forward and doing some stuff. So I wrote out those characteristics. I went to Google, Google images. I typed in Julie, successful, driven business woman. And I typed in some of these keywords here and clicked the button and Google images, all these faces are showing up. I'm looking through them. I'm like, no, don't want to work with her. Don't work with her. All of a sudden I saw Julie. I was like, boom, that's who I want to work with. Okay. Now I'm curious. In this room, the women in this room, who here relates to Julie? Who hears that kind of sound like you a little bit? Okay. There's a reason for that. Okay. We architected it to get the right kind of person in the room. Who wants to see my male avatar? Boom. Here's Mike. So Mike is a former athlete. How many former athletes do we have in the room right now? Isn't that weird? How when you know who you want, you can get them. Okay. I wanted someone who had changed someone's life in a small way. So they were a coach. They were, they did, they'd done something in somebody's life and they'd helped them in a small way. And they loved that, that feeling of like, man, I helped this person. I want to help more people. I want to help the entire world. Okay. So that's the thing. Same thing. You value growth over money and he's already got something happening and he just wants to take the next level. Okay. Does that speak to a lot of you guys? Is that interesting? Okay. None of you guys would have came to my old events. I promise you, because I wasn't targeting the right kind of person. Wasn't until we were very, very clear on exactly who we wanted until we got you guys in the room. Is that interesting? Interesting to me. You can ask Brent, ask anybody who's been on my team for more than five or six years. The way we got the caliber of, and I, this speaks a lot to you guys. You guys are a high caliber person. The way we got you guys in the room was through this process. Okay. So that's the first thing is who, who is that you want to talk to? Okay. And for all you guys, you got to figure out who that person is. I highly recommend doing the Google image thing. Find that person, print it out, put them on a poster, have them on your wall, because you want to see that person every single day. I was talking to Perry Belcher about this and he said that when he used to sell stuff, retail, like Bed Bath and Beyond and stuff, he, like, he, I don't know if you guys know Perry's whole story, but he ever used that, that, that, um, uh, Palmarelle hand sanitizer stuff? You know, talking about the liquid stuff. Perry invented that. He was trying to make these flammable, these wax candles and it didn't work and they kept catching on fire and then the guy was like, well, you know, there's, there's, they'll sanitize your hands. He's like, are you serious? Package and a ball starts selling it, made millions of dollars, sold it to a guy for one point something million dollars and that guy turned around the next, like a week later and sold it to, uh, to, um, Purell for like $50 million dollars. I'm crazy now. It's not like that. But anyway, I was talking to Perry. He said, when I used to go pitch stuff to, uh, to, um, to retail's place, like Bed Bath and Beyond, he said, I would go talk to the person and I'd be like, this is the product. And he said that the buyers would, he said that the buyers would, uh, would look to them like, I don't know if Julie's going to like this. He's like, Julie, like who, let me talk to, if she's the decision maker, I want to talk to Julie and then I know, no, no, Julie's our ideal customer. Like we, we make all of our decisions based on if Julie's going to want to buy it or not. Is it interesting? That's really cool. The big companies are doing that. We should be doing that as well. So I highly recommend figuring out exactly who it is you want because you're going to be hanging out with these people. Okay. I spent four days of my life hanging, like working, getting you guys here to hang out here. So I like you guys. I want, you're the kind of people I want to hang out with. Okay. If you don't design that from the very beginning, you're going to get a lot of people you do not like. Okay. Not that I didn't like my old customers, but I didn't like my old customers. Okay. Um, that's the first thing. The second step is where are these people at? Okay. Everyone's like, I talk, how do you get traffic? How do you get traffic? Like the traffic, it's a two step process and we're going to go over a lot of that today. But the first step is who are people at and then where are they at? Okay. Until you know exactly where they're at, you can't get traffic. You're like, I want to do Facebook. Like, what are your people on Facebook? I don't know. I just Facebook. I saw some ad on Facebook. No, you got to know exactly where those people are at if you're going to target them. Okay. The next thing is you got to have the right bait to get the person in the door. Okay. How many of you guys ended up somehow here at this event because you saw my book 108 split tests? Okay. I would bet you more than half of you guys. If you will, if we look back at ourselves funnel, um, when we started kind of rearchitecting our business about a year ago, I looked at all of our old offers we were putting out there and the offers we were putting out there, the bait we were throwing out into the water was all like, get rich quick on the internet, make money now. Okay. What kind of people does that target? If I throw that bait in the water, that's the kind of person I'm going to get. When we shifted the bait to something that would attract the ideal person, it changed our audience, changed everything about our company. So, and we're going to talk a lot about how to create your offers and stuff like that. But you got to look at what's the bait you're using because that is, if you use the wrong bait, you're not going to get the person you want. Use the right bait, you'll get the exact person you want into the room. Okay. Or into, into the, the, the place that you want to sell them. Okay. And then the last step here is now you've got the, this person, where do you want to take him to? And we're talking a lot about this in the next session, but, but where do you want to take this person to? Okay. I don't look at business anymore as like, here's the product I'm selling. It's where do I want to take this person to? Okay. My dream for all of you guys here is to be in our, the group we did yesterday. Okay. The group we did yesterday, everyone paid $25,000 to be there. My goal is for you guys to get to, those who aren't in that group right now, to get you to a spot where you can afford that, so you can come in that group. Because that's where I can serve you at the highest level. So, did you guys do in the meeting yesterday? Was it awesome? Yeah. So, I want to be able to serve you guys at that level. That's where I want to take you all at. And you're not, some of you guys aren't there yet. Some of you guys will be there soon. But that's my goal. Okay. Not because I want to make tons more, well, I do want to make tons more money. But the real reason is because I want to serve you guys at a different level. And I can't do that in bigger groups, the smaller groups I can do when you charge more and I can, I can serve at a different level. And that's why we have higher end things. Same thing for you. Where do you want to take people? What's your end goal with them? And if you think about that, it's going to help everything else we're doing. All right. Okay. There's a secret formula. Okay. The next thing, this is kind of a formula to figure out, figure out how much money and how much work you actually have to do. Cool. So, page nine is this graph. One of my early mentors, the guy in Dan Kennedy, I'm sure I'll talk about him a lot. And I try, I want to preface this as well. Throughout this event, I'm going to teach you guys a lot of cool stuff. Some of it's mine, a lot of it's not. Okay. I've learned from some amazing coaches and mentors. And I will always try to give credit for anything that I learn from somebody else anytime I can. Just this kind of way that I, that I roll. But Dan Kennedy one time, he, I heard him talking. He said that, he used to say, he said, what's your number, Russell? I'm like, what do you mean? He's like, well, how much, how much do you need to make? It's like, I don't know. As much as I can. He's like, you've got like the entrepreneurial problem. He said that all these entrepreneurs want to make as much as they can. And because of that, you get it, because like, think about it. When we first get into business, what's the reason for us getting into business? Money for some people. Some people's freedom. Get away from your boss. More time with your family. Right. We have all these reasons why we get into this business. But then you get into business. It's actually kind of fun, don't you think? It's almost like gambling. Like you're putting stuff in and money comes in. And it's just like, this thing where it becomes obsessive. And suddenly, this thing you created to give you more free time becomes the same that consumes all of your time. I've struggled with that a lot. A lot of people do. And so when he was talking about this, he said, if you're not careful, this will become your entire life. And everything you held dear and the reasons why you got into this business, you will lose because of it. So you've got to have a number. Like you have to have that number in your head. And so I started thinking about that. I was like, okay, what's my number? What's that thing I'm working towards? I didn't have a number of the time. So I kind of sat back and I was thinking, well, how much money do I actually need? Do I need? Okay. And I asked, for a lot of the guys I've done the intake calls, I always ask you guys this. And I get all sorts of interesting responses. I had someone there today, he might be here. I can't remember for sure. So I'm going to tease you if you are. But I was like, how much money do you need? He's like five million bucks. Five million bucks. Okay, you want to make five million bucks? No, I need to take home five million dollars. I'm like, you need to take home five million dollars? Like what? He's like, yeah. So after advertising, I need a million dollars in my bank account this year. I'm like, wow. Like, well, if you take home a million, five million, you got to make, I don't know, like 30 million. Like, that's just not the thing. I'm like, and why did he five million dollars? What are you five million dollars for? And he starts going all the way, I'm like, man, I was like, okay, I want to exercise with you because this is important. So if you start with this in your mind, I think it'll make, I mean, a lot of us want to be making million bucks online. That's a great goal. But it's not really necessary. So talk, tell me some things you guys, like in your dream lifestyle, what are some things you want? Personal chef, okay, that's a good idea here. Chef, how much does a personal chef cost per month? What's your guess? It's a 2K a month? It's a 2K. Okay. How about a house? Who wants a nice house? Two million dollar house. Okay, what's the house payment on two million dollar house, you know? Okay. 12K, you can have a two million dollar, 12K a month, two million dollar house. Okay. Who here wants a Ferrari? Do not get a Ferrari. I have one. There's a worst freaking car on earth. Seriously, it's got 31,000 miles. I've driven it six days. It's been in the shop three times so far. Don't buy a Ferrari. It looks nice. I was telling my wife, I was like, I know what it feels like to be a smoking hot girl now because I drive down the road and the girls don't notice you. None of them do. They just drive by it. But all the guys are like, oh, honk in, like pulling your camera out, like me driving it from my house to the shop. I had three people who pulled next to me to Hakin' Pictures and like speaking out like calling, and I'm like, are you kidding me? So anyway, I know what it feels like to be a hot girl now. And it's really exciting. Like you guys are lucky. Like I wish that I could have felt that earlier in my life. So let's say you want a car like a Ferrari, but it's not a Ferrari. Okay. Like, what's a Tesla? Let's do Tesla, right? Those are pretty cool. Okay. And you got all the other cool things. So Tesla, what's that? Like 1200 bucks a month? Okay. What else do you guys want? No debt? Okay. So get rid of your debt. Say your debt payments a thousand bucks a month. Vacations? Okay. How many vacations do you want to do? I shouldn't ask you this. You're like a junkie with this kind of stuff. This is someone, by the way, who has crafted lifestyle business. Yesterday, we're like, hey, she does this. I think in this business to work. All right. Well, that's good for you. Okay. Let's say you spend two grand a month on, so that's like 20 grand a year on vacation. I think 20 grand a year can that feed you, hopefully. Well, for average humans, can you guys handle $20,000 a year on vacation money? All right. So let's just, and then you got your other like random, random stuff. Let's just put like 5k a month for random stuff, whatever it is, right? So you do the math on this. You're looking 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18. So what I'll say done, let's say we're about 20, 20k a month. Okay. 20k a month. Did she guys know? That's a lot of money. I don't live on 20k a month. I live on about half of that. And I live pretty dang nice. Okay. 20k a month, if you get a business making you, you take not netting 20k, but your take home is 20k a month, you can live an extraordinary life. You can travel wherever it is you want. You can live in whatever house you want. You can drive whatever car you want. You can put your kids in the nice or school. You can do everything you want on 20k a month. You do not need more money than that. Okay. Some of you guys think you do, but you don't. I promise you that. Now, I'm not against you guys making more than that, but I'm saying this is the number that we should all be focusing on, because that's when you're free. Okay. Financial freedom is here. With this kind of 20k a month, that gives you enough where you're putting at least 10k a month into the bank just sitting there doing nothing. And that's at least in my mind is financial freedom. Okay. Do you guys agree with that? Okay. Because you don't, if you want, the guy was telling me to one of the five million bucks, he's like, I want a, I want a $3 million house. I'm like, you don't pay cash for it. Come on, man. Like that's why there's easier ways to do it. Right. Okay. So take that little, this little chart out and on the right hand side, let's just write $20,000 per month. So why don't I kind of put this in perspective of how you can make $20,000 a month on about 100 clicks a day. Now, I'm going to reverse engineer this. Okay. Now, when we start building stuff, usually it's going to come back this direction, but I like working financially backwards. Okay. But just kind of use perspective over the next couple of days where you're going to be learning is over here, we got our traffic, right. And then we have our initial funnel. I call us the POS funnel. Anyone know what POS stands for? Retail. Yes. POS point of sale, right. So my goal with any, any sales funnel I built, my, my initial goal, my point of sale, my very first sales funnel is to break even. If I can break even, then I call that an SLO. Anyone know what SLO stands for? Self-liquidating offer. Okay. This is a key. Everyone thinks I'm going to make a funnel, make a million dollars on the funnel. No, your goal with your initial funnel is to break even. If you can break even on your initial funnel, you'll be a millionaire. Right. Okay. Mike here, I met him when he was 17 years old, had an e-book on how to, on how to stop blushing. I'm going to make him blush right now. Okay. Two years, two years later, sets up a funnel, does a million over a million bucks next year. You get a funnel that breaks even, game over. Okay. So this is an initial goal, drive traffic to a funnel that's going to break even, that becomes a self-liquidating offer. After you've broken even, you've got this person's name, then we push them to three different things. One is continuity. Continuity is where somebody signs up for something and you bill them every single month. Okay. Continuity is awesome, by the way, especially if you're trying to get some of this. Next thing is back-end sales. We're talking a lot this weekend about back-end sales. Okay. So you sell something, a really expensive, high ticket thing. And down here is bonus. This is anything else you sell them. It's just free money that you just, just free money. Every time you send that email, you make free money. Okay. So these are the kind of the things we're going to do. Now, I'm not going to talk about the bonus stuff, because that's like, I want to go, I want to go on a big trip next month. I need an extra 5K. There's a whole bunch of stuff you can do to get that bonus money that you're not going to tie in. We're just going to focus on these first two. Okay. So the first one to talk about is the continuity. So I'm going to split my, I'm going to split my $20,000 a month I need to make. I'm going to split between continuity and back-end. Now, for some of you guys, you can be like, I don't want to do back-end. And you're going to, you're going to shift your numbers to pure continuity. So me guys are just going to want to do back-end. And so it's going to change, but I'm just going to split my money 50-50. So I'm going to have $10,000 right here, $10,000 right there. So if you guys don't write that in 10,000 on the top line, 10,000 on the bottom line. To put this in perspective, continuity, that little dollar sign, that's how much you're going to charge for your program. So let's just say for numbers purposes, that you're going to charge $50 a month for somebody to join your program. Okay. So put 50 in that little dollar sign. How many people do I need to have at $50 a month to make 10 grand? Where are my mathematicians in the room? 200. Okay. So in the little member underneath there put 200. That crazy. You only need 200 people on continuity to make 10 grand a month. People are like, I want 3,000 people on my continuity program. That's a lot of headaches. Why don't you just get 200 and just be done. Game over. Right. Okay. Now down here back-end. So you can still back-end things for any kind of price point, right? There's $5,000, $8,000, $15,000, $25,000. We even have a million dollar program. We just, Robbie just closed the first million dollar program for us. Who here wants to buy that, by the way? Yeah. I'll tell you all, Robbie will tell you all about it. He'll break it down in excruciating detail. Now basically for a million bucks, $100,000 we go out, build the funnel for you, and we get 10% up to a million dollars. So back-end can be anything. But for numbers purposes, let's just say your back-end is $5,000. Okay. So let's put a $5,000 number there. So members we got to have obviously two people to make our 10 grand a month, right? And these numbers crazy yet. Trying to be like conservative so it's like realistic for everybody. All right. Now with the continuity program, you got to figure that every month people are going to cancel. Every month you're going to be adding new people. So right here, NM is new members. So I usually try to budget about 25%. 25% people are going to leave each month. I need to add at least 25% to keep that number all working, right? So 25% is 50 people. So I put 25% in the little percent box, which is 50 people. So 50 people a month I need to get into my membership site just to keep it sustained there. Now if I get 100 it's going to grow. If I get less it'll shrink. So I try to keep about 25% that I'm adding each month. All right. Now down here on the back end I have apps. Okay. Now I figure if you suck at selling and you butcher the process we're going to teach you this week you should be able to close at least one out of 10 people who apply for your high-end thing. Did you agree with that? If you butcher it, if you're terrible, two or three. Yes. This is a worst-case scenario. You don't even call the person back. You're going to close one out of 10, right? So we need 20 applications here to get two sales. All right. So there's that first part. So does that all seem realistic? Is that all doable? You guys all comfortable with those numbers so far? Okay. So I'm going to come over here. So you've got your point of sale. So what I try to do again, I'm trying to break even on my initial funnel. We're going to help you guys build out. And then after we break even I'm going to try to get you guys to join my continuity and apply for my coaching program, right? Now pretty conservatively if you build a good campaign the way I'm going to show you guys this weekend of the people who buy your front-end funnel about 30% you can get into continuity. Okay. So up here at the top I'm putting in 30%. So that means if I need to get 50 new members a month how many new people do I need to have by my front-end funnel? 150, okay? So either buyers or 150 buyers. Now the way we're going to show you guys how to do the funnel with free plus shipping and stuff like that, we average about five, it's usually higher than that, but just because there are about five percent of people who we drive to our free plus shipping page are going to buy our front-end offer. So this little percentage is going to be 5%. Okay. So 5% of the traffic I get is going to convert into a buyer. So from that that means I need, who can do the math, how many clicks I need that means? 3,000. So 3,000. 5% of 3,000 is 150 buyers. If I need 3,000 clicks a month, I can get my 150 buyers. 3,000 clicks a month to break down to daily thing about 100 clicks a day. To come to my front-end funnel, from that 5% of those people buy, that you can buy yours. From those buyers, I'm going to get 30% to ascend into my continuity program. From there, all the rest kind of fills out. And from those 150 people, I'm going to get 20 people to fill out an application. That's induible. Who here would $20,000 a month net profit change your life right now? Okay. So that's our goal, guys. My goal is not to make you a millionaire or a billionaire. We can get that net. The $100,000 program, we get you a million dollar program to get there. This one, let's say this is your goal. I promise you guys, it's more than you need. It's more than I need. It's more than any of us need. And then we can go from there. That's all fine and dandy. We can grow and we can be passionate. We can build businesses and serve more people. But first, let's get here. That's got to be the very first goal. It's interesting. The reason I want to show you guys this is because this is something you can gauge yourself against. You start building your business. You're going to start driving traffic and seeing stuff. And you'll be looking at this and start putting in the numbers and saying, well, I'm doing this, but I'm only getting 2% to buy here. I need to tweak that and change it. I'm getting 5% to buy there, but then only 10% or buy my continuity. What do I need to tweak and change and get that better? I learned a valuable lesson. I've learned it multiple times in my personal life and in my business. What I learned is that whatever we track and we measure, we'll start to grow. And if we don't track and measure, it won't. For example, after I got done wrestling, I was in awesome shape. I have 7% body fat and I had the great idea of stopping everything and just eating a lot. And I was lucky enough that my wife got pregnant with twins, so she was eating a lot, even more than me. She was pounding food and I was like, this is awesome. I was eating food, stopped doing any kind of exercise and within about a year, I went from a stunning 7% body fat to a 20% body fat. And I looked and I felt horrible. And for 4 or 5 years, I didn't do anything. I'd go to the gym and I'd get all crazy. I'd work out and I was sore and I wouldn't go back again. For 4 or 5 years, it was horrible. And then one day, I met Sean over here and I called him up. I was like, hey man, I'm fat. What can you do? He's like, come on in. We're going to measure you. Right? And he pinches me and he's like, you are fat. Wow. And he writes down my numbers. He writes down everything. He's like, okay, do some exercise. I just renewed some stuff. And he's like, wow, you are out of shape. He writes down my numbers. And he goes through the entire process and I'm like, man, this is horrible. I didn't know I was that bad, but I started measuring it. And then I came in the next day and I did it again. And the next day, I did it again after a week and then after 2 weeks, after 6 weeks, he came back and he pinched me and he goes, guess what? You're not as fat as you used to be. This is awesome. And guess what? You used to be right here, you're a little bit higher. And do that again. And within, how many months was it? I think 6 or 7 months, it got me back down to 11% body fat, which was awesome. What I learned, relearned over and over again is what you're looking at, what you're measuring is going to grow or shrink if you need to go that way. But most of us have never tracked anything, never looked at anything. For example, last year in our company, every single month, at the beginning of the month, we needed this amount of sales. We got all excited about what we needed to do. And the first month we got out there, we started working our butts off. And by the second, we're working on about the third or fourth, whatever happened. And by the end of the month, we're like, okay, how much money do we make this month? We get all excited. And Susan would send us over the numbers and we look at it and we're like, oh, that's what we made last month. Let's have a meeting. Let's get fired up. So we got fired up again the next day, came in. All right, this month we're going to beat it. We're going to do everything. We sell these goals and everything. We start working. And then a month later, we get the thing, we come back, we're like, that's what we did last month. Every single month last year, you guys made the exact same amount of money. So about December, I got pissed. I'm like, are you kidding me? How are we not getting better at this? We're getting smarter. We're doing everything. But we're getting the exact, literally almost to the dollar, the exact same gross profit every single month. So in January, I had this idea. I'm like, what if we started tracking what we're doing? That would be awesome, right? So we built this whiteboard out. And the way that I structured it, and you can do this however you want. But this is the way that I did it. So it made sense to me. I had this big whiteboard. I broke it up like this. It's right here. We put in all of our products. Here's our dot com secret stuff. And here's our sales stuff. And here's our nurse cell. Here's all our different products, right? And here's Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday. And every day we come in and we write down how much money we made the day before. So we made, you know, five grand here, made 13,000 here, made, you know, all these different things. And then we total up for the day. Next day we do that. Next we do that. At the end of the week, we clear it all off. And we have week one, and we have the total here. Next week we go through this, and then we tally out here and here. So every week, we see our daily numbers, our weekly numbers, the end of the month, we drop the number down here. And then there's our number for the month. So January did that. And guess what? Exactly the same as December. That sucks. February came back. I think I got a little bigger. March came back, and we added over $200,000 in revenue. This month came back and we doubled what we made here. Every single month started going boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. And I don't think consciously we were doing anything different. The only thing different is every single day we saw those numbers. We started tracking. We started looking at it. We looked at the number, it's smaller today than yesterday. You get a little nervous, and you try a little harder. Okay? And our numbers started going up. Now what's interesting is sometimes you don't always track the right numbers. Because what we were tracking 100% was gross revenue, right? So our gross revenue is going like this. Okay? Last month I looked at our net, and our net was going like this, was like following it. So our profit wasn't growing. And so for this month, and for the next few months, guess what number I'm measuring? Well, sure, measuring gross sales class is exciting, but our more important number we're measuring is our net profit. Because we weren't measuring that, so we were spending what we were making. Does that make sense? So you start looking at your business, start looking at the right things, and figure out what to measure. We call these things in your business called KPIs, key performance indicators. So KPIs are key performance indicators. Now every business has these. If you look at losing weight, you have these. You look at anything and you're doing your life, you've got these. Your relationships, you've got these. The biggest key is figuring out what those KPIs are, and then tracking and measuring. And if you do that, then they're going to grow. If you don't do it, they're just going to stagnate and die. Okay? And so as we go through this week, you're going to learn a lot of the key things we're looking at, what the metrics are, what we're looking for. And it's going to seem mathy and nerdy at first. And I promise you guys though, it's cool when it equals money. Okay? I hate math more than anyone, but I love money more than anyone. So it's really fun when you can make it a game, make it fun. And we'll do that with you guys this week. One last thing I want to mention is about four or five months ago, I met this guy named Carl at an event, and just like an event you guys are right now, and he said something cool to me. He's like, hey man, do you want to be my accountability partner? I'm like, what's an accountability? I knew what it was. I'm like, what do you mean? He's like, this is how it works. He's like, you get a check out, you write me a check, and you put down a number, like $2,000. Okay? You write $2,000 on it, you give me a check, and I write you a check for $2,000. We both keep these checks. This is how it works. We're going to go and hold each other accountable. And every other week, we're going to get on a call for an hour, and you're going to tell me what you're going to accomplish next two weeks. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to accomplish next two weeks. And in two weeks, we're going to go out, and we'll come back two weeks later. If you accomplish that thing, I won't cash your check. If you didn't, I'm cashing your check. And the same thing for me, we're holding ourselves accountable. I was like, all right, man, I'm in for that. That sounds like a lot of fun. So wrote him a check, he wrote me a check, and we started our first thing. And the first one was awesome. We sat down, said, okay, this is our goal. This is what we're going to do. And I listed out four or five things. And the key to this is that all the tangible things, things that he could actually measure. It can be like, oh, I'm going to try to make some more money. Like, that's stupid. It's got to be like, by, in two weeks from now, this product is going to be done. My phone is going to be live, and I'll buy my first ad. Okay? It's got to be stuff like that, very, very specific. And so we did the first thing, and I said, okay, we made that list of stuff. And what happened was interesting. The next, you know, the next week or so, I'm just doing my thing, and then half a week later, I'm doing my thing, and all of a sudden there's like two days before my call with them. I'm like, oh, crap, I got to get stuff done. And I sat down, and I busted my butt, and I got everything done just in time for my next call, so we went and cashed my check. Okay? And what's interesting about all of us as humans, and I'm the worst, like probably one of the worst people at this in the world, is like, no matter how much time you have, you'll never get something done until right when it has to be done. Have you guys noticed that before? Somehow we've had the ability of filling up time with whatever's happening. And so having something that's in place every week, every two weeks, whatever it is, we have somebody that's holding you accountable, and there's something on the line if you don't execute on it, is one of the most powerful things you can do to actually get stuff done. And so what I want you guys to do during the break we're going to take right now is I want you guys each to find an accountability partner. And all of you guys can figure out what's going to make the most sense for you. I encourage it being, having someone you don't already know, the someone you're here with right now, it's not going to work, because then you're going to be too easy on each other. Find something you've never met before, and just say, I want to be an accountability partner, and figure out the terms of your deal. It could be, I'm going to write you a check for a hundred bucks, you know, something like that. It could be whatever it is, figure out something that's going to, that's actually going to be meaningful to you and holds you accountable, and set up a time where next, you know, Tuesday after you get home you have a day to kind of process, Tuesday have your first meeting with that person, and hold each other accountable. Okay, I promise you that if you do that, your likelihood of success will, I don't know, an actual number, a billion times higher. Okay, whatever that number is, it's going to be a lot better. So I want you guys to get out of your comfort zone a little bit, move around the room, find somebody you don't know already, and become accountability partners, trade information with that person, and do your first thing on Monday. You guys commit or on, at least Tuesday at the latest, have your first meeting. Can you guys all commit to that to me? Can you guys all commit to that to me? Awesome, way better. Cool. Okay, so that is, that's it for this first session.