And so today the title of the day is all I call Inception Secrets. The reason why I call Inception Secrets is because, first off, I love the movie Inception. I thought it was cool. And I love in the movie when basically when they go inside someone's dream, right, and they're going back and they're trying to place an idea inside somebody's head. Because if they can place that idea inside somebody's mind in their dream and the person thinks it's their thought, thinks it's their idea, then their determination to do whatever that thought was is a thousand times more strong, right? And so I think about that in selling all the time. When we sell stuff online, offline, wherever we're at, if we're selling, there was a day and a time, I don't know when, but in the past when selling was just that was the thing. You either you sell and you close and you do this kind of stuff. And it worked, but it got less and less effective. I think as people were maturing and as the internet and communication changes and just the way we all react, that all of us have more defense mechanisms against selling. And so I believe selling has really transformed and changed a lot over the last five, 10 years, especially just in the last year and a half or so, just with all the stuff that's happening. And so I strongly believe that people love to buy stuff, but they hate being sold to. And so how can you create situations and things and put systems in place where just like inception, we're not really selling something to anybody, but we're creating an environment and an atmosphere and a story and a thing that happens where we cause an epiphany in somebody's mind and also that epiphany lights them up and they think that whatever we're trying to sell them is there I did. For example, this is my failed attempt at inception yesterday. Simon knows the story. So as a lot of you guys know the MMA fights are happening next story yesterday and one of my buddies was like the main attraction and I've been wanting to go to it ever since I found out about it. And I wanted to go really, really bad, but I didn't want to call my wife and be like, hey, you know I've been gone this whole week, doing events late nights, early mornings and having help with the kids. You know one night I have a chance to come over and I think I want to stay here and go to the fights. And so if I was just told that I should have been angry and all these bad things would happen, right? So I'm like, I've got to figure out a way to make this her idea and if it's her idea then she's not going to care, right? And so I've been trying for the last week to orchestrate this thing to cause inception in her mind so that she would have this idea to invite you, like you should go to the fights, right? So that was my end goal. So your end goal should be your customer, like hey, I should buy your product, like alright, that's a great idea. So I've been trying to orchestrate inception on my wife and I think she's immune to my powers after over a decade of being married to me because I was trying thing after thing after thing. Even yesterday she came to lunch and we guys had a chance to meet her and four or five times during my conversation I was talking about Jesse's fight tomorrow and the guy's going to be fighting and how exciting it is for him and the fact that he's in Boise, he never fights in Boise. I kept dropping all these bombs, like just setting it up and setting it up and she never closed the cell for me. And so last night after me and Simon were hanging out, he kept kind of prodding me like you got to make the cell, make the cell. So I called her up and I was like, so what would it take for me to be able to stay and go to Jesse's thing and she's stopped for a second. She's like, I really would like two new chairs in our front room. And I was like, okay, two chairs and if I do that I can stay tonight. She's like, yep, my done deal sold. So we closed the deal. So my inception did not work on my wife. I had to go straight sell with her. But I think she sold me. In fact, if you think about it, she used inception on me. She got her stuff really, really easily. Anyway, but this is the goal of this entire thing we're doing is how do we create these things in people's minds where it becomes their idea? Okay. Do you guys notice the sales process you guys all went through to come here? Do you notice that I never really sold you on it? You were selling me and I'm like, why you should be part of this and why you should be part of it? And we just kind of turned the table and you do that, it changes the whole entire selling experience. Okay. The other reason why I think this is important, and this is really interesting. One of my buddies, John Allinus, told me this a little while ago. He said that they were doing all these studies and stuff. They said that in 1980, the average attention span of a person was 20 minutes long. Okay. And he said that you look back then, like the only distraction that people really had in 1980 is once a day the mailman would show up. Your phone might ring once or twice a day. There's two or three TV channels, so like you flip through and after two or three channels, if it's not there, you're done. And that was about all the distractions we had, right? So the average attention span was 20 minutes a day. And if you look at all of the sales stuff that is taught and people do and people share online, offline, everything, I believe that all the sales that people are using is all based off of people's attention span in 1980. Okay. That's why if you look at all the famous copywriters that are showing that, how to write these like 8,000 page sales letters with 80 word headlines and all this stuff. And I think, and I believe, and based on my testing and results, that stuff did work at a time, but today people's attention is different and it does not work nearly as well. And so we have to understand that things are evolving and changing. So anyone have an idea of how long the average attention span is for a human right now today? You're going to be so depressed. He's five minutes here. And the other guy, three minutes. You're going to be so unimpressed with us as humans. Think about your kids, yourself. How often you're looking for text message and checking Facebook. And that's why we didn't pay for internet access in here because I didn't want you guys on the internet the whole time. The average attention span right now, nine seconds. Is that sad? So that's the environment we're selling in right now, you guys. We don't have 20 minutes to try to convince them to buy something. We've got nine seconds. Okay, so we understand that it changes how we sell stuff, right? Look at, and I'm going to talk about some of the different sell scripts throughout today, but I look at the people that are doing this really, really well. Not in the how to make money market, the people really well like, think about when you're going through the grocery aisle and you're going to go buy your groceries. What are the things that are created cat for your attention in your nine seconds? You got like the Inquirer Magazine, Star, think about those things like that, that they're very fast, short, punchy things that grab you really, really fast. And we'll talk about some of those things throughout. But just the atmosphere is different and we have to understand that. Okay, if we're doing sales the way people were doing five years ago, even three years ago, it's not nearly as effective as today because we've got to grab people's attention so much faster. And so because of that, a lot of things have changed. So what I'm going to be sharing with you this morning, the first thing is just more of the conceptual part about how the language patterns we have to use to sell. Okay, so this is more of the overall hierarchy strategy of how this whole thing works. And then the next sessions for today are going to be very, very tactical based. I'm going to give you the exact scripts we use at every single piece in the sales funnel. Okay, and so we've talked about this whole value ladder concept all throughout the weekend. But we have a couple of sales scripts we use for this part of the value ladder. We've got a couple that we use for this part of the value ladder and a couple we use for this part of the value ladder. Okay, and so you guys have all those scripts in your book and that's what we're going to be going through after this morning we're going to go through the rest of those and then you'll have all the pieces of the puzzle. Okay, so that's kind of game plan. All right, so inception secrets in your book, you've got kind of a diagram here that's going to illustrate out all of the core elements I'm going to be talking about during this first presentation. And the very first thing, if you look, this is kind of, I would say the central pivotal part of this whole inception secrets is this initial quote right here and I was going to get the guy's name that wrote this. This is not my, I did not invent this, but what he wrote here was really powerful. I think he called it like the one sentence persuasion secret or something. It's like a 12 page book that explains this whole concept. And I'll find out if you guys know what it is. But in his little presentation he said that if you want to get somebody's attention, if you want to sell somebody, these are the five things you have to do for that person. Okay, number one is you have to encourage their dreams. Number two, you have to justify their failures. Number three, you have to allow their fears. Number four, confirm their suspicion, suspicions. And number five is throw rocks at their enemies. Okay, if you can do that to your client, they're going to love you, they're going to come to you, they're going to be, they're going to do anything you want. Okay, so whenever we're writing copy, we're creating webinars, we're doing any kind of sell stuff, those are the things we're trying to weave into our presentations. Okay, those are our key elements. All right. Okay, so let me step back a little bit. All right, so the first time that I kind of started thinking about its inception concept, we were working on a big project last year. Some of you guys probably saw it, it was called RIPLIN. And we were working on it with a whole bunch of people and my job was we were creating all the marketing materials. And we did a great job of it. We got 1.5 million members in like 90 days. And then the other guy's job, which was to launch the company, they didn't do a very good job of it. The marketing part was freaking awesome. We did great, right? And we were having these conversations with me and a couple of people that were doing a lot of the marketing materials and stuff. And one of the guys, he kept making these marketing things that were so obvious, like so much like this direct selling stuff, right? Just kept selling and selling. I just, I hated it. I hated everything he sent over. I just drove me crazy. And so one day I emailed him. His name is Jonathan. And I wrote him, I said, and I copied this from the email because I just said it one night on my iPhone. I was typing it and I was kind of upset and I sent it. And this is what I said. I said, I said, Jonathan, what I found out in copy is that if you just tell someone something, that it's not as strong and doesn't get the emotion needed to cause action. I think that to really make the concept go viral and get people's buy-in, we have to lead them somewhere, but we can't give them the answer. They have to come up with it. We plant it in their minds with a story. And if they come up with the answer, then they sold themselves and they will cause the action. Does that make sense? So send that to him real quick. And then like, Temin Slater, he rolled back. He's like, heck yeah, man, it sounds like effin inception. So you guys know Jonathan. He swears every third or fourth word. Anyway, so that's not like effin inception. And that was the first time I was like, you're right. That's what it is. We're, we can't be so obvious. We've got to lead them to a path and then let them make it their idea. And if we do that, everything else changes, right? Okay, so we do that through a lot of, a lot of, a lot of different things. And kind of the core piece of this starts out with these, these three things. The first, I call primary question. Number two is the epiphany. And number three is the magic bullet. All right. And these, this is a progress. I have arrows on the little image there. Okay. So this is, this is kind of the process, the core process of inception. We're going to be taking somebody through. All right. And so the first is, is the concept of a primary question. Anyone have any idea where I first heard this concept of primary question? Mike knows? Anyone else know? Tony Robbins. So if you go to date with destiny, Tony spends like an entire, I don't know, probably eight hours on this concept. He calls the primary question. And before, before, before I went to that event, I never even thought about this. We said that every single person in the entire world makes most of their decisions based off of one question that's running in their head all the time. Okay. So we spent this, he did all these exercises to help you figure out what that primary question is inside of your head. Okay. And he says that there's typically just one question and it's asked over and over and over and over again. And it dries and fuels everything you're doing. Okay. It's for all you guys, I highly recommend for you to sit down and try to think what your question is. But, but he went through and he talked about for him, his primary question was how, I think it was his, like, how can I make this better? So every situation is, how can I make this better? How can I make this better? And that was his primary question that drove everything. Okay. They talked about other people's primary, excuse me, primary questions. Some people's primary question is what's wrong with me? Okay. Do you guys want to be anybody like that? Every situation they're like, oh, what's wrong with me? Oh, what's wrong with me? What's wrong? And no matter what happens, what's wrong with me? What's wrong with me? That primary question drives everything they're doing, everything they're doing, every choice, every action, everything they're doing, they have that primary question. Okay. Other people's is how can I add value? Other people's are, why am I so scared? I mean, everyone's got this primary question that's running through your head that's making all sorts of decisions for you. Okay. Now, when you think about it, most, most, well, not most, but all of your consumers, all your customers have these primary questions as well that are driving them. And you really got to figure out what that question is, because if I want to take somebody somewhere, I got to figure out like, what's the question they keep asking in their head? Now, Tony, when he was teaching, he was talking very specifically to everyone internally, like, what's the primary question you have about yourself? And he wanted you to be able to become very aware of your primary question, because when you knew it, then you can start, it's just like this marketing stuff. When you become aware of it, you can manipulate it, right? We just become aware of the funnels and why we do stuff when you become aware of the preframes and all this stuff. When you become aware of those things, now you can manipulate them and change them, right? So Tony was showing us, because as soon as you become aware of your primary question, now you can change it and do something that's going to serve you as opposed to holding you back. Okay. And so for my purpose of this more is to understand that, again, people have a primary question, but I also think that inside of each of your markets, when somebody is making buying decisions, I think they have primary questions as well. Okay. About your product, your service, whatever it might be. And so for our business, the very first time I really realized this was when we first launched our call center and we were doing all this stuff and prior to launching a call center, I always have support people. So there's kind of a barrier between me and my customers. I don't always hear all the feedback that's coming through from them. And so, which is unfortunate, I think that me and everybody should spend a little more time looking at your customer support, because this is how you start finding out what your primary question is like. What things do people keep asking over and over again? And so one day we launched a call center, we had, I don't know, 10 sales guys or something, and one day I went in, I just wanted to hang out and just hear these guys sell. Like I really enjoy kind of energy in the buzz of a sales room, right? So I go in there and I sit down, I'm just listening. And within probably an hour or so, I started hearing the same recurring thing over and over and over again. Okay. The majority of the people they were talking to, kind of in the business opportunity space, what they kept asking every single time was, well, if this works so good, why don't you just let me have it for free and I'll pay you guys from the profit I make? That was their question every single time. Well, this works so good, why don't you just give it to me for free? If you guarantee this will make me money, just give it to me for free and then I'll pay you for whatever I make from it. Okay. And sales guys had to always spend that over and over and over again, but that was like the primary question that the business opportunity market kept asking over and over and over again. And I had this, like, Piffney like, wow, that's, that's what they want. That's their core question. So how do I, instead of doing what most people do and get like upset and just be like, because you're moron, you can't do, you know, like that's what most of our things is like, because you have to give me money. Like, but I was like, instead of me just getting angry, like, how do I, how do I use that? How do I use that as a, as a tool to get these people to do what I want them to do? Right. And so a little while later, um, we were launching, uh, one of our offers. I'm going to read you guys the first couple of lines to this because, um, because you'll see how I kind of use that as a, as a tool. All right. This is what, so this is for our dot com secrets, F X offer. So I've got a quick question for you. Have you ever wanted to work from home, own your own business? Come on. You know, you want that lifestyle, the one that everybody talks about where you can work at home in your underwear or on a beach with your laptop. So why hasn't happened for you yet? Come on a minute. This isn't the first time you've been looking for a proven way to make money, is it? When is it your turn? My guess is this, you saw some online promising you riches untold, but there was a catch. Doesn't seem like there's always a catch. You pay hundreds or thousands of dollars to get started, right? Before you make any money. Don't they know that's why you're there because you need money? Doesn't seem like if all those gurus courses and software work so good and they really believe in them, why don't they just give you their money making system and then after you've made your money, then they would get paid. Okay. I'm speaking to exactly what they're quite. They're like, yeah, that's how I feel. Okay. I'm, I'm, I'm coming right where they're at and boom. And all of a sudden that's exactly how I feel. And so then the copy from there goes on and basically spins like, look, I'm not like these other gurus. I care about you. I want you to be successful. So this is what I'm going to do. I'm going to let you come in for free. You have 30 days to come in for free and for 30 days, I'm going to coach you. I'm going to teach you. I'm going to give you everything I have and then at 30 days, you will be making money. If you're not making money, don't pay me anything. Okay. Cause that's, that's the, that's the deal. But if you are making money, then just pay me part of the profits. Okay. I only charged 97 bucks a month. This membership site. So in 30 days, if you're not making at least 97 bucks a month, cancel. If you are, do nothing will be 97 bucks a month and I'll keep training, keep being your coach. Okay. So that was the message. You guys think that's pretty strong? Okay. We launched that, um, within 45 days, we had added over 8,000, uh, members, that membership site on our, on our dollar trial, um, which then rebuilt 30 days later at 97 bucks a month. Okay. The right message got in their head. Understood the primary question and grabbed them. Okay. So for you guys, what's the primary question that most of the people are asking? Okay. If you're to make money market, you probably know now. If you're the weight loss market, what is it? Okay. If you're in the finance market, what is it? If you're a coach, whatever it is that you're doing, what's that question they're asking? Cause if you can figure out what that question is, instead of hiding from like everybody else is doing, you embrace that and somehow use that to take your offer where you want it to be. Um, you'll be amazed how people will just follow you and start running with you. We heard like 8,000 members in a membership site in 45 days. Yeah, it's awesome. Okay. So that's the, that's the first thing. Now, after you understand this primary question, um, the next step is we've got to lead them, we've got to lead them somewhere. Okay. Um, we've got to lead them to some kind of epiphany. All right. Um, and this is, this is, I learned this concept initially from Dagen Smith and Dagen, they were my best friends online. He's awesome. And he, he has this whole like story selling, uh, course and process. He takes people through. And when I was going through the very first time he was talking about this kind of concept of telling story, how you capture somebody and there's elements of, of what he taught me, they're going to be in some of these other scripts. You guys will see. Cause we use a lot of it. One thing he says is that the entire purpose of, of a story, excuse me, is to grab somebody, tell them your backstory. Okay. This is the whole tract of care. So tell them your backstory, bring them through a process and you have to explain to them how you had an epiphany. Okay. And the goal of you explaining how you had an epiphany is cause you want them to have the exact same epiphany that you just had. Okay. If I just tell someone like, I want to add an epiphany, I need to build a list. They didn't, they're like, okay, that was a cool epiphany. Okay. The reason why we use story and why it's story is so important because I need to take them on that journey with me. Cause I take them on a journey with me and I tell the story about how I figured out I needed to build a list somewhere in this story. They're going to have the exact same epiphany I did usually a few seconds before I actually tell them what it is. And if I do that, what just happened? It was their idea. Not mine. Right. So for example, in our, in our product that were teaching people how to build a list, I go through this, uh, my story. I think I kind of shared a lot of the story with you guys on, on the first day. Basically I tell the story about, Hey, I was, I was reading this article about this guy that, that was talking about how all these gurus make a hundred thousand dollars sending emails and I didn't believe it was true. But, uh, but he told me this is how it works. And so I wanted to figure out how it works. I went and I bought this email list of a million people and I loaded it up. Remember that story I told you yesterday? I tell this whole story and it bombed and it didn't work and all these gurus are scam artists and I went to school and I snuck out and I logged into my PayPal account and I made sales. So it actually worked, but I had to figure out the right way to do it. Okay. But, uh, and I kind of tell this whole story and I lead them down this path to all of a sudden they're like, man, I need a list. If I just had a list, everything would be good. Just like Russell, that's a Russell's whole problem, but he made money. If I, if I knew the right way to have a list, then I could make money. And all of a sudden I'm like, Hey, by the way, guys, I'm going to teach you how to build a list. Okay. I give them that epiphany. They have that epiphany. That's theirs. It's their idea. They, they figured this thing out. Okay. Inception was just caused. At that point I'm like, Hey, I got a product that's going to show you guys exactly what we just talked about. Okay. You see that? So that's the epiphany portion of, of this process. So we're leading with primary question. We're transitioning that question into the big epiphany I need to give them. And the epiphany is going to bring them to the core concept I'm teaching them. Now, um, this is, this is one of the keys you guys. Um, it's really important to understand. I've mentioned it every single day since I think we've been here in every sales message you have, there needs to be one thing. Okay. The one core thing. I promise you, if I was to critique all your copy, the biggest problem, all you guys are going to have is you've got two or three or four things. Okay. Perry Belcher taught me this and I believe it a hundred percent to be true. He said that, um, in every sales letter he'd ever written, if he's trying to get somebody to buy into one concept, it converts awesome. As soon as he makes and try to buy into two concepts, conversion drops. Three concepts, it drops. Four concepts, it keeps dropping. Okay. I look back a lot of my old webinars from even a year ago, two years ago, I'd always be like, okay guys, I teach you about this and this. And since I did the and in the middle, conversion's dropped. Okay. My epiphany all needs to be tied into the one thing. Okay, the one thing. I look at the reason why the dot com secrets excels video did so well, because the only thing, the only epiphany I was trying to get these people to have is the fact that they needed to have a list. That was it. Okay. And before I was going to teach them this and this and this and this. Okay. When we started, um, doing the, the high ticket secrets, uh, webinar that we did last month, I struggled. I kept creating this webinar over and over and over again. I was like, had three or four core things I wanted to make sure everybody understood. What's why I came back and said, no, the one thing, what's the one thing of everything that's most important? I cut everything out. I had just one message for the entire webinar. We had the one thing. It just crushed it. Okay. So you gotta figure out that there's one thing that each of your cells message. Do not try to sell them on two concepts. You not only have to get them to buy into one belief. And if you get them to buy into two, it's going to drop your conversion. So figure out what, again, in every, every sales process, whatever years you're doing, what's the one most important thing? And that epiphany is going to lead them back to that one core thing. Okay. Yep. There's not matter if your product is two things. Great question. Even if your product is two things, do you only tell them one? A good example of that. So when in dot com secrets labs, one of our upsells is, um, is our automated webinar course, which is, uh, two, three events we did like this, so six days worth of events. The first time I tried to sell it, I was like, this is like the most amazing product in the world. So I'm like, you're going to get this, you're going to get this, you're going to get this, you're going to get this, because there's so much stuff. And I spent like 20 minutes explaining all the stuff they're going to get. I'm like, man, people are going to be blown away by all they get. Conversion sucked. I could not ever get to work. We tried, I rewrote that sells there four or five times, can never get to work. And then one night, this is the first, I actually, the first time I had the epiphany of the one thing I was sitting there and I was like, of all the stuff that I'm sharing, like what's the most exciting thing? And I looked back an entire six days worth of the course. And remember in that course, I spent about 15 minutes teaching, uh, people about a concept called the stack, which by the way, you're going to learn probably after lunch. I taught this concept about the stack. And I was like, that's of everything in here. That's probably the one sexiest part. And so I took ourselves video. I deleted the whole thing. I started over from scratch and the entire video talks about the stack. I learned this thing from this guy named Armin and I tell the results. This is what happened with it. And in the first time I did this and second time I did this and I walked through this process of the stack and how much money it ended up making me and how good it was and how I've used it and every single thing I've ever done. And just that one thing, uh, changed my entire business. And literally that's a 15 minute segment in a six day, six days worth of a course. That was only had talked about. And then when I did the pitch, I talked about that. I said, and also you're going to get a bunch of other stuff. That's really, really awesome. That's going to teach you a bunch of other things. But man, the stack alone is worth this and you're going to get that plus everything else for this one price. And that was why I'm finally converted and it's been converted like crazy ever since. So even if you have this huge thing, you got to pick the one sex thing and that's what you're speaking to. Okay. Okay. So here's your answer to his question. And this isn't going to get every single copywriter in the world. I promise you, I've had this argument late nights with all these great copywriters and I think they're all wrong. Okay. Every copywriter teach you, you need like 80 pages of bullet points on every single thing you do. The only bullet points I've ever written is for dot com secrets labs. And that's just cause I was trying to show off. Okay. I've had nothing to do with me wanting to sell stuff. Um, I don't think the old, the old school thought is let's try to sell us or have tons and tons of bullet points because we have no idea which thing is going to be the most sexy somebody. It's just giving every single thing. And then hopefully one of these bullet points will convert that person to a sell kids, old school thinking that's, that's thinking I've got 20 minutes attention span. I'm looking at nine seconds. So I don't have the luxury of giving them everything. Um, and I thought I was crazy. There's actually one dude who agrees with me and the guy happens to run the only billion dollar information company in the world. So I feel kind of good about it. So I was, I was literally, I was, um, I had this idea and I've been arguing with all these great copywriters about it. And, um, and then one day I got this book called great leads by Michael Masterson. Anyone ever read that book or seen it? You see, it's awesome books. I'm reading the very first chapter of the book and, uh, I'm on a flight flying, uh, back east somewhere and I'm sitting there playing. I read this and I'm seriously like freaking out. So I'm like, I'm right. I'm right. And everyone's playing to sleep. And I got nobody to tell that I'm right. You know, I'm freaking out. Right. I'm like, oh, I can't tell my wife cause she doesn't care. But I'm like, this is the cool thing. So this is what he said in, in the book. Okay. Again, this is Michael Masterson, not just me. So I'm leveraging his credibility, but I think he's right. He said, most copywriters conjure up a list of features and benefits and create ads that mention as many of them as possible. The thinking behind this approach goes something like this. I wonder which of these benefits will really push the buttons I want. Hmm. I don't know. I guess what I'll do is throw them all in, in the promotion that way. If one doesn't work, maybe another will. This is what we call toss salad approach, advertising copy, throw everything on the counter into a big wooden bowl, marinate with some connecting sentences and toss. It's standard recipe for B level copywriter, but it's not the way to win any blue ribbons in the most competitive kitchen of breakthrough advertising. Pretty awesome. I was right. Again, I think there's a time and a place for bowl points. I said on our doc.com series labs, we did it, but as a whole, I don't, I, we got nine seconds, you guys. So if you have nine seconds to pitch something, but you got to take the best possible thing in the world, that's what you got to be focusing on. Yep. That's a good question. So the one sex thing you bring out is it vary with the temperature of the audience. Yeah, I would say it probably would. I've never looked at that deep, but yeah, because the, I mean, in, in, in all honesty, the primary question is going to change with the temperature of the audience as well. Right. That's like, if you look at the, the image in the book here, right before primary question down here, the arrow, we come back here to the temperature stuff, right? We got most aware of product wear, solution wear problem, an unknown hot, warm, cold. So you're right. Because somebody who has no, somebody just wants to make money. Okay. They're probably questions way different than some of you who's got an existing business wants to take the next level. Someone who's 300 pounds overweight and someone who's in great shape and they want to take the fitness to the next level of different primary questions. And so I think for a lot of you guys, you got to figure out who, who's the real person you want to sell to the most and start there. And again, that comes back to where, to, to where those fish at, are they in warm traffic, cold, those type of things. Yep. So what she's asking is, is different people are motivated by different things. Okay. Um, what you're, what you're kind of leading to is, and what you're saying is 100% true. So everyone in the world is motivated by one of two things. Either they like to move towards pleasure or away from pain. Okay. Have you guys ever studied NLP before? Neurologistics program. This is like one of the core things. People make all their decisions, even between towards pleasure or away from pain. Okay. It's important to understand that now. What I mean by that is towards pleasure is in the, in the make money market is I want to, I want to be rich. I want to have a plane. I want to do whatever, right? Away from pain is I hate my boss. I want to quit my job. I'm miserable. I want to get away from this pain. Okay. Now every single one of you guys, every one of your customers all make their decisions based on one of those two things. Okay. And I'm curious real quick, think about yourself for, for a second. I want to know all of you guys in this room. Do you make the core amount of your decisions moving towards pleasure or away from pain? Okay. So who here makes their decision moving towards pleasure? Okay. Who makes moving away from pain? Okay. Now this is going to be a big a-ha hopefully for some of you guys. Typically entrepreneurs make their decisions moving towards pleasure. This is why 90% of the room in here makes their decisions moving towards pleasure. Okay. Now the mistake that most of us make is we assume that our customers are the same way and so we write our messaging moving towards pleasure. But the vast majority of the human population, I would say 90% of people on earth make all their decisions moving away from pain. Is that our offer to you guys? So we come in because we're entrepreneurs and we know this will motivate us. Let's sell this way as much as we can. But we're, we're not our customers. We're hyperactive entrepreneurs. You can't sleep next. We're so excited to work the next morning. Okay. We want that pleasure. We want that stuff. Most of people just want to get out of pain. And so a lot of times just switching your messaging towards moving people away from pain is way better. Uh, who had a question? Joey? Yeah. There's not a right or wrong answer. Everyone, it's everyone's wired one way or the other. So it's understanding your customers, where they wired and not where you were like, we always get stuck up to like, well, this is how what, I would have bought that. Doesn't matter what you would buy. Okay. Um, I was listening to, uh, to Ben's settle, uh, podcasts on the way over. He's got this podcast about marketing. All he ever talks about is picking up chicks. It's really funny. And, uh, he was reading like some personal out of some, some girl row and he's just like ripping on the girl. And it was really kind of funny. And he's like, she doesn't understand that all that meant, he's like, this is what men actually want. And he's like, he's like, the biggest thing that you have to understand is you can't sell what people aren't buying. You have to sell what people are buying. That's a big key here. Right. So people are buying, get me away from pain and we're trying to sell, make, you know, there's a bunch of pleasure. They're not going to buy that. You got to sell the right thing. And there's another question somewhere. Yeah. The other interesting thing about this is, you know, like our goals, entrepreneurs always to like under promise and over deliver. We focus on one thing. They come in for that one thing. And all of a sudden you've got the rest of your thing and they're like, holy crap. I didn't even come out with this other stuff. This is all this free stuff. Right. And they get blown away. So it's, it's twofold. One increases friend conversion because you're focusing on one thing. Boom. And number two, they love you twice as much because what they're getting in the back is just so much more. All right. Cool. Cool. All right. Let's keep going. Okay. So next step then, um, after we, after we focus on primary question, moving towards the epiphany, um, then the last thing is, um, when you make your offer, again, it's as much as close to a magic bowl as possible. I was just thinking about like, is this a magic bullet? Is this going to solve, is this going to answer the primary question and solve the epiphany that they just had? What's the magic bullet? And if we can give them a magic bullet, it's awesome. Which is the reason why I like free trials is the reason why I like the invisible funnel, which is the reason why I like free plus shipping because this is a magic bullet. Like I just solve all these problems. Boom. I'll give you this thing for free. Right. I'm, I'm, I'm scratching that it's really, really easily at a low ticket. So for some examples of magic bolts we've had tons of success with. Uh, dot com secret sex is only pay after you make money. That's our magic bullet offer. Um, our double your reading, pay $100 after you doubled your reading. Uh, living on a coupon. Don't pay until you've saved $20 your next shopping trip. Girlfriend in a week. Don't pace until after you get a girlfriend. Right. Like the magic bullet type offer. I love those for the front end of, of anything. Okay. So I'm looking at, when I'm looking at this stuff, you guys. Put that up there. I'm looking at that. That's the core thing here. Right. Primary question, moving to epiphany, move a magic ball, which all this is kind of, uh, the one thing. Okay. So that's kind of the, the overall hierarchy, um, of how I'm doing all my cells messages. Right. So from a high level, I'm trying to take them, everybody through this kind of a, this kind of a thing. Now with this, we can use this, this hierarchy in a ton of different situations. Right. Video cells, letters, automated webinars, webinars, phone calls, every single cell thing I'm doing, I'm, I'm doing this kind of stuff, but this is the, this is the overarching hierarchy of kind of where we're going with it. Right. Now inside of that, there's a couple of the really powerful things that, um, that I found that have had a huge impact. And these are all these things down here. Copy speed trial, close in, desired, and fire. So I'm going to kind of go through those right now. So the first one is copy speed. So I, I've hired a lot of copywriters in the past. I had copyrights work full time for me. I've written a lot of copy and I always did things the exact same way that, that all the copywriter guys teach, right? I bought all the copywriting courses and all the things people are teaching that worked back in the 80s, back when people had 20 minutes, 20 minute attention span. I believed that I did it and we had success with it. Not like screaming success. Well, we'd get success, but, but it was kind of like, that's what it was. I remember one day, uh, when my friend came to me, he's like, Hey, I've got this offer. It's doing really good. You should promote it. Okay. And so I'm like, all right, I'm going to try it out. I send an email out to my, to my list to promote this, this product. And, um, and it was weird because typically when we're promoting something as an affiliate, we're looking to find out kind of what our EPC is. EPC stands for earnings per click. So typically like in the, in the how to make money world, when I send an email out, most people want to make like a dollar, maybe $2 per click. You make $2 per click. Um, that's like a pretty good campaign. So if I send 3000 clicks, I'm going to make $6,000 back, back, right? Um, a really good offer might have $3 per click. So I send, I send 3000 clicks and make $9,000 back in, right? So that's kind of the metric we're always looking at. And so I send like just a test email out to this guy's offer and the very first email I sent out made $10 per click. Okay. So I think I sent 3000 clicks and I made $30,000 back in. I was like, holy crap. So I was like, why did that work so well? I could figure out and I didn't send a bunch more emails because it was working so good. And what was interesting is this is kind of the power of having an offer that converts. If you have an offer that makes you three or four or $5 a click, um, you literally can become a millionaire in like five seconds. So this guy launched this offer, had no product launch, no anything. And within eight months made $10 million selling this offer because it converted. Okay. So that's kind of why we do all this stuff we're talking about. You get something to convert, game over. People will come to you begging you to promote it all day long. Cause all he did email me and said, Hey, so and so got, you know, whatever. $6 clicks on this try it out. I sent out, I got $10 clicks. And next person, this just went like wildfire, right? And everyone's talking about it. Um, so I went back to my like, why did this off? Like, why did it do like three times more than anything I've ever seen ever in the past? I started looking at it and I looked at the sales letter and it was structured so much differently than I'd ever seen anything else before. It's still, it still looked like a, like a long form sales letter, but I looked at like the sentence structure and there was never any line that had more than one line. There's never like a paragraph that two lines or three and every single sentence ended with dot, dot, dot. I was like, this is weird. And I started looking at it and I was just, I read this entire thing. It was just like the, the style was different than anything I'd ever seen before. And so I emailed the guy that his offer, I said, who wrote the sales letter for this? It's just, it's just different. Like, who is that? So he told me the guy's name. And so I, I, uh, I called the guy up and I just wanted to get to know him and it's like, what, tell me like, like, this is just different. Like some difference happening and it's working. So I want to know what in the world is happening. And so he, I don't think he even do. I don't think to this day, he knows why, but it was working. So I started asking him and I was like, let me see other stuff you did. So he showed me four or five other pages he had written and all of them had the same, the same style. I was like, where did you like make that up from? Or where did you learn that? He's like, I didn't learn. I just, that's just how I, how I write. That's just how it works. And so I like, all right. So I started from a couple of these other ones just to see as well. And same thing was like $5 EPCs, $6 EPCs. I just crazed numbers on every single one of the things he wrote. And I was like, there's something new here, something completely different. And so, um, uh, I started kind of re, like reverse engineering his stuff and started seeing why it was working. And, uh, and then from there, I, the next two or three cells that are I wrote, I started following the style was very short sentences, a lot of dot dots after them and, and it's completely changed how I write. I, this style, I can write a sales letter that would have taken me anywhere from 10 to 14 days. I can write in usually three or four hours now. Um, it shrunk my time down. Um, and the conversions go up every single time. So I'm going to show you guys kind of examples so you can, so you can understand what I'm talking about, how it looks. Cause the part of its look and the part of it's kind of the, the speed of, of how it all goes together. Okay. So this is, this is my sales letter for dot com secrets X. So you notice everything only sentences is like five or six words. They almost all seem like a headline. The speed of this is really, really fast. Let me read it to you. I got a quick question for you. If you ever want to work from home, own your own business, come on. You know, you want that lifestyle, the one that everyone talks about where you can work from home, your underwear or on a beach with a laptop. So why doesn't happen for you yet? Come on, admit it. This isn't the first time you're looking for a proven way to make money. Is it? So how fast that is to read? Okay. Again, we got nine seconds, right? People are scanning stuff down. You've got to block a paragraph. You go like this and you stop. You're like, oh, and we get an email an hour or something, send you like a paragraph and you're like, oh, I'll just read it later and you just ignore it. Right. And you never come back to it ever. Okay. We got nine seconds. So every single of these things is almost like a headline and it's grabbing you. And notice how unfinal it sounds like everything's like I'm throwing up these things in the air and these dots, dots, dots. Keep me like coming back and keep it coming back. It's like, yeah, yeah, like it's never ending and it starts like pulling me through this, through this letter. Right. That's why I call it the speed of the copy because it's like, um, in piano they call it the staccato, the fast like, that's what I feel like. I feel like there's like this fast, fast, fast, fast, fast speed of the thing. Okay. And so when I write any of my letters now, all of them are like this. Okay. There's never more. Once in a while might drop to the second line. That's a very rarity. Very, very rare to ever let it do that. Very short, very fast and it sucks people in and it works. And if you look at this copy, that whole thing, you know, I'll scroll out, you see it. Okay. That was the first time I dropped the second line and I was like freaking out. Gosh, I'd make a whole other line for that or should I keep going? See how easy it is to read? If you saw that, you'd be like, I can read it real quick. A lot of space, a lot of open stuff. So I'll walk you through it and I'll walk you through the scripts later to show you the process, but just this, as far as the style for speed and ease and everything that it's, it's just awesome. You get addicted to this way. You'll start writing everything. You ever get an email from me or text? My wife's like, why do you always put dot, dot, dot at the end of every text? I'm like, I don't know. I just have to. Yeah. I agree a million percent email. Every communication with anybody now is this. Emails that go out, videos, sales letters, everything is in this, this fast, the Cotto high-pace, easy to write. And when you start writing this way, you'll see like how much easier it actually is. Really weird. Like I can go so much faster and tell a story. Again, we guys see the scripts tomorrow. So see the things and you're like four or five, these little lines for that first, the first thing, the next thing, next thing. And within a couple hours, your entire thing's done and it's beautiful and it's in your voice and it's, it's awesome. Do you have some? So the way I write now, so I, I script my whole thing out like this and then I make, if I'm doing a video version, this is just the same video. So each PowerPoint slide is just one little sentence. Next one, next one, next one. That same thing. The worse you're spelling, the worse your grammar, the better. Yeah. The second you like, if your English teacher reads it and is proud of you at all, you just failed. It needs to sound like I'm talking to you in a conversation. In fact, for a lot of guys, the way they do it is they get out like something and they record themselves saying it all and then transcribe it because this has to read like we're talking. If it reads like you're reading, it ruins the whole thing. So I use a lot of weird words. I use gunna's and unhorrible grammar and dots and I want to visually look like, look easy to read and I want to sound like I'm having a conversation with them. So the way I would talk to you if we're talking face to face, it's exactly the same way like this. If you read this, you're like, that sounds like Russell's talking. That's the way he talks all day long anyway. I want to sound, I want it to be in your voice. Okay. Yeah. I, I, getting your English teachers are going to hate you. Yes. And I promise you at least once a week when you start driving traffic, somebody who will email you like, Hey, I saw yourselves later. I corrected all the errors for you. Here's a new version. I literally, we get those a couple of times a month. I'm like, thanks. I'm not going to do anything about that. And they're like, I said, you just like three weeks. Why haven't you updated it yet? I don't care. But I promise you there are people on your list or who come here who are so obsessed with English and they're like, feels so bad for you. And they're like, let me fix this and just don't worry about it. Just again, it's speed is tempo. It's, it's pace. That's what we're looking for. Um, okay. So the next thing, so Brent and I, uh, we have a project called overcome pornography. And it's a, it's a product helps people overcome pornography addiction. And so, um, we had, we had written a couple of sales letters and stuff. And, and one day we're getting on a flight. And I don't remember where we were flying. Do you remember it was like a four hour flight. So back east somewhere. So yeah, so we're sitting in the plane forever. And, and, uh, we just couldn't get this offer to convert. And, uh, he's like, do you want to try to write sales letter? I'm like, all right, fine. So open my laptop. We sit down on the plane and, uh, and really quick, I tried to like slip in the mind of my target market. All this stuff we've been talking about, like how to get the mind of my target market, what do they want? Where are they feeling? What's the pain? All kinds of stuff. What's their primary question? Like what's the, it kind of went through this really quick. And then I put on my hat, like as if I was that copyrighted, I'd been studying this copy and this was the first time I'd ever written this way. So I sat down, I just started going and Brent's the next moment on my shoulder. And I just like started, I got in this zone. I started going, going, going. And like two or three hours later, I'd written this like huge entire sales letter and we're like, holy crap, awesome. And it just literally happened to be a flight. So I'm going to read you guys part of this. And, and I want you to, I want you to, I want you to like, to, to listen to a couple of things like the emotion, the pain, the speed, the ease, all this kind of stuff. This is just a script. This is how it goes. So imagine this is, we're advertising on pornography sites. So there's a porno site and all these, these banner ads that says, feeling guilty, click here, or you're leaving a porno site and a popup comes up and this video starts, you hear my voice say, it happened again, didn't it? So that's how this whole, this whole message starts. Okay. Okay. It happened again. Yeah. Who here has seen this video before? Half of you guys are our target market. I know it. It happened again, didn't it? To you or to someone you love. I know your story. Everyone's situation is different, but the results are usually the same. Let me know if it sounds familiar. It was probably about 1130 at night. Your spouse just fell asleep and you're tired, but something keeps nagging at you. You decide to get up just to check your email or maybe you look at eBay or Craigslist for something, for something you really know you don't want or need. If you miss later, it happens again. You have no idea how you got there, but you're there. You knew it happened even though you want to admit it. You had a second of hesitation, but you know it's already too late. One hour turns into two and then two into three. You know you're going to be tired tomorrow for work, but this point you really don't care. You know the shame and guilt you're going to feel, the look of pain in your eyes when you look at your loved ones, but it's already too late. For some of you, this is a story that happens often. For some of you, this just happened. That's why you're here, right? For others, it hasn't happened to you, but it happened to somebody you loved, a husband, a boyfriend, your child. From the outside, your situation looks hopeless. From the inside, you feel trapped. You rationalize you're not hurting anybody but yourself, but deep down when you tuck your kids into bed and kiss your spouse tonight, you know that it's a lie. You've been telling yourself, hoping it'll lessen the pain. You're aching for change, either for yourself or for your loved one. And that pain you feel is real. That pretty good, you guys? I'm so proud of it. What's that? The copy or the product? I can get you a copy and you can let me know. I don't know. Yeah, that's good. Yeah. Anyway, it goes on and on. But do you guys see how some of the elements I'm talking about, like, like, do you feel the speed of that? Like you're sucked in and you're just like, oh, oh, and it keeps pulling you, pulling you, pulling you. And it's not like, oh, here's a big paragraph I got to read through. And then what's the next? You know, it's just, it's fast. It's speed. Like, anyway, so that's one of the big, the big, the big parts of this whole inception thing and how we have to sell today is that speed, right? We went from 20 minutes to nine seconds. And so we have to address that. We can't keep saying what all these marketers are saying. I'm like, oh, well, good copy wins all. In some markets, it does nurse sales or our supplement. We're targeting people that are like 60 to 80 years old. Okay. That market, we have a long form sales letter, a bunch of paragraphs. And old people like that still have attention spans. They don't have cell phones. And so it works for them. Okay. Other markets, the majority of the markets doesn't work, right? If your market is texting and Facebooking 85,000 times a minute, you need to be working like this. You got to be speeding up everything you're doing, speeding up your copy. All right. Okay. All right. Next one is trial closes. So this is a concept that was, was like Earth shaking to me when I first figured it out. And I was at a, I was at a seminar and this was probably two or three years ago. I was at the seminar and, and there's a whole bunch of really good speakers there. It was like a public speaking seminar. So they had all these really good speakers in the room and I got up in the stage and I started speaking and all of a sudden in the back room, I see this little guy walk down and sit down. I knew who it was. This guy named Ted Thomas. Have you ever seen Ted speak before? They call him the Pied Piper because when he's done speaking, he literally, I've seen videos of him at like Robert Kiyosaki's event. He'll be walking like this, walking like this. He's a line of people all behind him, all holding their credit cards in their hand and they're walking like this. And I have 300 or 400 people falling to the back of the room and, and buying a sing. It's like the most cool, it's the coolest thing in the world. And so he's just down and I'm like, oh man, there's like the man that's like closes everybody here watching me pitch. I get a little nervous. I'm doing my thing and I sold. I did, I mean, I did well. You know, I got some skills. I did all right. And, and people ran back and they bought and then I go back and do my thing and I'm taking orders and doing the, doing the whole dog and pony show. Right. And he's kind of hanging out inside during this thing. I keep seeing him. I'm like, oh man, he's like, this is going to be awkward. Whatever's going to happen next is not going to be good for me. Right. So everyone leaves and it's lunchtime. He's like, hey Russell, I loved your presentation. Love to take you to lunch. I'm like, all right, that'd be cool. So we go to lunch and we start talking and he's just asked me all these little questions and just kind of like probing me about whatever. And I'm answering him. I'm kind of shaking my head and I'm going through some stuff. And then he stops me said, he said, look at your head. I'm like, what? Look at your head right now. Like, yeah, he's like, you notice how you're nodding? I'm like, yeah, he's like, that's what you're doing wrong. Like, what do you mean? He's like, when I speak in an audience, like you sit in the back of the room and you watch my presentation, you will see a wave of heads going like this. The entire 90 minutes. And he's like, when you do that, at the end, everybody will buy. I'm like, well, how do you do that? He's like, the same way I was doing it to you. He's like, what, what, what did I, what have I been saying for the last, like five minutes to use? We've been talking here at lunch. I was like, you're just asking me little questions. He's like, no, every single question was a yes or no question. Like, yeah, he's like, you know, the answer to every single question was yes. I'm like, yeah. He's like, notice that you nodded your head every single time I said that. I'm like, yeah. He's like, that's the secret. Like when I was in the back of the room, he's like, nobody's heads are moving. You got some stuff because like, you need to get people saying yes from the very first second you get on stage and then you'd be saying yes the entire thing. This is the way I do this is through a concept I call trial closes. Does that make sense? Okay. Does that make sense as a trial close? Yes. Okay. Yes. Yes. Um, and he starts, he starts, I'm just like, here's a bunch of trial closes I use and said, he said, the way that I, that I first figured this out is I, I would, I would, I would not have figured out, but I would do this and get people to say yes. And, uh, and I figured out that this was something, right? And then I was talking about like getting someone into yes states. He's like, the first second I get up, I ask a question and then I do something. I get something. I'm saying something in my entire presentation. I'm saying yeses. Instead of first was really hard for me. So what I did is I took a bunch of note cards and write out these different trial clothes like, does this make sense? And I put it on the floor and I'd speak and another one like, are you guys getting this? And I put it down and, uh, isn't that awesome? And then, um, all these different trial clothes and he would lay them all over the stage and when he walked around, every time he stepped on when he looked down and he said, does that make sense? You walk over here. Are you guys getting this? And he would do that until he became part of his pattern, right? He did over and over and over again. The point where he had these all in his head and then he would just drop these trial clothes all the time throughout. I was like, that's pretty cool. And so he gave me this sheet that had like five or six pages of all these trial clothes that he had done. And so I took that home and at time we just launched our automated webinar for on for dot com secrets local. And I was like, I want to, I want to add these trial clothes in. And so, um, I basically, I re listened to the entire like two and a half hour webinar and every single time I had a little timeline, I'd see, okay, three minutes and 22 seconds, I should insert this trial clothes and I wrote it down. And then at this time I tried this trial clothes and went through the entire thing and I listed out like five pages of trial clothes. In fact, if you look at the doc com secrets labs book in the very, very back. I show you everything I did here. So I show you all my trial closes. This is, this is like my thing. So at, uh, one minute and five seconds, I did this in the one 21. I had this trial clothes, a two or seven. I had this trial clothes three or five. So everything throughout, it's every trial clothes I added back into that webinar. So I just recorded it and have my brother, who's my video, so I just spliced those little trial closes in throughout the whole thing. And then, uh, and we put the, we, uh, and a couple of things about trial clothes. Like I got so blatant, like the very beginning, cause I'm in a webinar instead of like at home. So I'm like, I gotta make, I gotta get people's nod in their heads like crazy. So one of my very first trial clothes was, it was like, it was almost like a joke. We put it in and I was like, I know I can't see you guys at home right now, but I want everyone of you guys to shake your head. Yes. If you can hear me, like literally, I need you to shake your head. Yes. Like I had people like, I just told them flat out, like, say, like, just do that. And, and I was really blatant with it. Um, a couple of other really cool things is like the, the Ted taught me. So the biggest problem is a lot of times you'll share a testimonial and then you get a little nervous and you move on to the next topic. He said, as soon as you share a testimonial, that is the best, most important time for you to drop a trial clothes or two or three or four. So I just showed a testimonial assignment. I'm like, here's Simon. He's made a bajillion dollars. Isn't that awesome? I just did. So that was, that was trial clothes. So I showed that and I'm like, isn't that awesome? Can you guys imagine yourselves doing that? Without, without change your life right now, if you were to have that same result in your life, what would your spouse think about you? If you did that, would that be awesome? Okay. Let's drop like five right there in a row. So anytime you do a testimony or you do that, anytime you share a really cool feature, benefit, like this is this cool thing that, that this does, you guys get that, you see how awesome that is? That one of the coolest things you've ever seen in your life. You see how this would change the, the future of your life forever. Okay. Boom, drop trial, trial, trial, trial, trial clothes. Okay. And so I did that in this, in this webinar, went back through, I think I have the numbers in here. Um, we started testing the EPCs. Um, so before we added trial clothes, as we were averaging, oh, please say the numbers in here. Anyway, I think we're averaging. I don't know. I have this, I have the after number. Oh yeah. So, so when we first did, we were averaging $9.45 for every person who registered for the webinar. After we added in these trial clothes, driving the same traffic, we increased it to, oh, come on. I don't find it right now. It went up 70, 74.6. They went from like $9 and whatever, 46 cents, like $16 per person. So 74% increase just by adding in these little trial clothes. That cool? You guys getting this? Is that awesome? Okay. Um, and so I started realizing that this was powerful and I started using it. First off in my personal life, I use this all the time. I think it drives my wife crazy, but it just, it's the way I speak now, right? So it's become part of my language pattern. In my sales videos, I use it all the time. In my webinars, in my, every time I communicate with any audience, I'm using it because I want people to say yes. Natasha, would you be willing to share your story about this? Cause it was like, was it two years ago or when was it that we first talked about this? I think it was, um, maybe even in like a year ago or a little over a year ago. And, um, and I heard Russell's talking about this and I was like, nodding my head. I was like, Oh my gosh, this is awesome. I've got to do this. But then I was like nervous. I was like, how am I going to ever remember these things? And then I remembered what he taught about the guy that had flash cards on the stage. And so I had a webinar and so I decided that I was going to put it all on, uh, post-it notes. And so I had something like 50 trial closes on post-it notes all over my window, all over the, all over my desk. And, uh, Rich walks in and he's like, what in the world is going on? And I'm just like, you know, they're like falling all over the place. I'm like, you know, after the webinar, which it worked out really well. I don't know how to have the numbers, but I made a lot of sales. And, uh, and I remember like that night I walked out of the office and, um, like I got like a trial closed up to my shoe. So, so now I, like I always talk in trial closes, always, you know, my new one is, are you getting this? Would this work for you? Could this work for you? Can you see yourself doing this? Like once you start practicing, it's really, really weird to do it at first. And you feel like completely stupid, but then all of a sudden it just totally becomes a part of your, you know, your speech pattern. Does that make sense? Y'all getting that? All right. Will this work for you? Awesome. Were you telling me also what you said about one of your attendees, your event was like, I feel like you actually, oh yeah. Yeah. So, um, so I was actually in a group, I was in a group, uh, coaching call and, um, one of our, you know, premium buyers said, you know, the one thing I love about Natasha, she always says, you know, are you getting this? Does this make sense? And she's like, it just shows that she cares. She wants us, she wants us to really get this. And it's awesome. And she's like, bought everything that I've ever offered for sale. So, um, so yeah, no, it definitely, it just makes people think that you, you know, and you should care, you know, but if they said, you know, I'm not getting this, you know, I don't know that I would necessarily have to change everything, but yeah, it does. It's a phenomenal technique. And I highly, highly, highly recommend that you, you know, take it, take advantage of the thing in the 108 split tests and start implementing those because they work. Absolutely. Thank you so much. My favorite thing about Natasha is like, she hears something and then the next day she does it. Like I want all you guys to adapt that. Like I think that one of the, what's why she's so successful is because that she hears something and instead of like, Oh, will that work for me or. She goes home, right? Sticking notes, puts it up there. Doesn't next column. Boom. Closes it. Right. And I think if you guys can all become like that, you're going to see the same kind of results. Awesome. I love it. Okay. So trial closes may start using this. They just start practicing and start trying. But I promise you when you're communicating, just use these all the time. They work. They just work. Okay. Nothing else I can say about it. Oh, here's my numbers. I went from 945 net profit to 1650 net profit per registration, which was awesome. Um, all right, cool. So there's trial closes. Any questions about that at all? Cool. Now the last thing is desire amplifiers and there's a lot of desire amplifiers we can use that we can use throughout. And so I'm going to share just a couple of different types because, um, I think that they're important. So one of them that's, that's kind of cool. Um, I, uh, I heard a guy, he's a good copywriter. I heard him speak on stage one time and he shared this little nugget and it was, it was really, really big for me. He was talking about copywriting in the Bible or something. And, uh, and one of the desire amplifiers he was really focusing on was the seven deadly sins. Who here knows what the seven deadly sins are? Who can, who can, here they are all same. So you've got lust, gluttony, greed, sloth, wrath, envy and pride. Okay. Now, usually in our mind, we think the seven deadly sins is this really bad, horrible thing, right? As salespeople, we need to realize that those are the things that get people to take action. All right. So when you think about that, when you're writing your copy, you got to think like, how can I make somebody lust after this? Cause they're going to love stuff. They're going to want it. Okay. How do we get them gluttony? Like how do we get, how do we use gluttony as a tool, as an amplifier to get somebody by my product? Okay. How do we use greed? Okay. How do we use sloth? So, so greed is obviously make money, make money, make money, sloth, do it without any extra work, just sit on your butt at home and you're under where making, you know, doing nothing, right? Wrath, envy, pride. Um, you're not going to use all these in every single thing you're doing, but think about like, they're powerful. They're powerful things, right? So how can you weave one or two or three of these in your messages? Uh, cause they're amplifiers. There's things that, that, uh, that all of us have inherently there, there, there problems we have and we can tap into those. I don't want to sound like an evil person, but we want to tap into those kinds of things, right? Okay. Um, the next thing, yeah, I'll show the things that's kind of cool. Um, hopefully, I don't want to, hopefully I'll do this justice. Um, so this is a concept I learned from Tony Robbins. And, uh, it had a huge impact on me and had a huge impact on how I sell people now. Um, he has a concept that he teaches called the six human needs. Have you ever heard about this before? You guys, um, I'm sure a lot of you guys have thought about this from one, um, from one aspect, but not from like a selling, selling aspect. Okay. So every single, like one thing Tony says is every single person, we do things for different reasons, but there's only six reasons why we do anything. We understand that you guys, that everybody does everything based on one of six things. It gives you a lot of ability. You saw it, so you become aware of this, you can manipulate it, right? So there are four needs of the, of the body. There's four needs of the body and then there's two spiritual needs. Okay. Um, so I'm going to go through these. So the four, the four needs of the body, the first one, let's see, I'll do one, two, three, four. Okay. The first one here is certainty. Why? Okay. Every single one of us in this world, we need certainty. Okay. We need to know that when we wake up in the morning, things are going to be certain. Okay. We, we crave that. We desire it's a need we have to have in our lives. Okay. The next thing we all need is we need variety. Okay. Okay. We want something new with excitement. We need variety. Okay. It's something interesting. You, you know that certainty and variety are opposites? Certies, I want to know everything's going to be perfect. Variety, I want craziness. I want all sorts of fun and excitement. Okay. This is like the enigma of humans. Okay. These are opposites. We need them both. Okay. Next thing that all humans need, we want to feel significant. Okay. I'm very special. I feel significant. I feel great. Okay. We all want significance. It's an important part. Okay. It's part of all our identities. The other thing we all want is about love and connection. Love and connection. Okay. I want to feel love. I want people, I want, I just want that love. Now, significance and love and connection are opposites. Significance is look how great I am. Love and connection is, is different love. Right. But we both need these, but they're opposites. Okay. Okay. And then over here on the spiritual ones, we have growth and contribute. Wait. The growth and contribution one or is the growth one and contributions one? Growth is one and contributions are all. Okay. Growth and contribution. Okay. Now, humans don't have to get these needs met. We can do without these and still function, but every single one of us will get these needs met. And we will give up our beliefs, our values, we'll give up everything to make sure those needs are met. Strange. Now, the other cool thing is that any time, any situation in life where three of these four things are met, it causes an addiction. Okay. So for example, the first time I went on a date with my wife, I thought she was beautiful, went out with her and we were talking. And everything I said, she smiled and I got a lot of significance from it. She thought it was pretty cool. Right. And we were out on a fun date. We did as much stuff, got a lot of variety. It was exciting. And that night she gave me a hug and a kiss and I felt love and connection. Boom. Instant addiction. Okay. That's why we all like falling in love. Okay. It meets at least three of our needs and we fall in love. Now, what happens a year later we get married, a year later we have kids. We're at home all the time. And all of a sudden, like things kind of are the same every day. Variety goes away. But we have certainty. Every morning we wake up, we know she's there. Right. So we got this addiction. What happens after a while when your wife stops thinking you're not cool? Right. Has that ever happened to any of the men in the room? And all of a sudden, like, you don't feel significant anymore. And what happens when you have kids and then you have another kid and another kid? Suddenly your wife loves these kids. She doesn't remember you anymore. Well, I got certainty being met. The other ones aren't being met very well. So what do we do? We have to have these needs met. Okay. So what happens? What happens to most men and most women or whoever? We start seeking these needs somewhere else, right? For some people, they go and they find a business. In a business, they show up every day. They got a business they're building to get certainty. Every day it's this new thing. They get variety. Okay. Their customers love them. They get testimonials. They get love and connection. Their team, their boss, people think they're awesome and they get significant. And all of a sudden, their job fulfills all their needs. And what happens? It's been 10, 20 hours a day at work because that's what their needs are being met. Interesting? It causes an addiction. Who here is addicted to work? Because your needs are being met. Okay. It's interesting. And so all these things are happening. And one thing Tony said was interesting. He said that there's never a situation where anyone's ever gotten divorced, where in that relationship all their needs are being met. Okay. If you want to like save your marriage, if you're struggling with marriage, look back and say, how am I making my wife feel certain? How am I lighting her up? How am I making her feel significant? How am I getting love and connection? If those needs are met for her, she will never leave you. It's an evil guy. If your wife's fulfilling those needs for you, you will never leave. But the second they start disappearing, as humans, we have to get those needs met and we'll find out a way to do it. Okay. Think about if you have kids, think about your kids in school. Okay. If they're not getting these things from home, where are they going to turn? They're going to turn to sports. They're going to turn to drugs. They're going to turn to gangs. They're going to find somewhere to get these needs met. Okay. That's how it works. So this is the motivational, personal development part of it. Now that you're aware of it, how do we use this for making money? Okay. How can we create situations where these needs are being met with our customers? We can cause an addiction in our customers where they're feeling certainty. They're getting variety. They're feeling significance or your love and connection. We can literally cause an addiction with them where they're going to want to keep buying from us, come into our events, come into our webinars. They're going to get all these needs met with us. And what else is cool is that, is that moving on like, to really take your life to the next level is then you start speaking after spiritually. When these needs are all met, then you start looking for how can I grow? How can I contribute, right? So same thing. How can you take your customers to the next level where now we're growth, we're contributing? Okay. We took one of our customers to Kenya with us for a week and we built schools out there with them. We did a whole contest to get. We wanted to help our community to grow and to contribute and be part of something bigger than they were. Okay. So these six human needs, like I said, there's a lot of principles you guys can use personally in your own lives and your kids' lives. Well, now with my kids, I'm working this process right now because I know that right now my kids get all their needs met from us, right? It happens. When they get older, it's going to shift. And if I don't focus on it, all sorts of crazy stuff can happen. But if I know that their needs are met here, they're not going to go with other places, you can engineer that, right? Every Sunday I wake up and say, this week, what can I do to make sure my kids get variety? Because if they're having it here with us and our family and with their friends that are good and we like, they're not going to go after drugs. They're not going to go into gangs. They're not going to be seeking for in other places. Okay. We got to, anyway. So it's a cool tool you can use in all aspects of your life, but also with your customers, like how can we cause these addictions with our customers? Because if we do that, they can come back again and again and again and again. Is that exciting? I love this stuff. All right. What other ones? There's a bunch of other ones. I'll share one more one, just because I think it's kind of cool. Ever hear of a study of hypnosis before? It's like you're getting sleepy. Okay. So hypnosis is, there's like the stage hypnosis side of it, which is fun and exciting. But from a sales standpoint, we use hypnosis all the time. Okay. And excuse me, it's not, it's not so much the point where I'm trying to hypnotize you, but I kind of am. Like if you watch any of my sales videos and if you take a step back, we watch my webinars, you know, I'm doing a lot of things to put you guys in trances in the States that are more conducive to me, to you guys buying from me. Okay. And so there's a lot of ways to do it. There's tons of really good hypnosis books. But just a couple of things you can do. And I have a, I don't remember the book. I'll try to find, there's a book that's really good that, that goes through Lotties. I can't remember the name of the top of my head, but I can let you guys know later. One thing I can do with hypnosis is I can, I can attempt to cause amnesia. Okay. So what I mean by that is, is if a customer's coming in, they're having experience with you, right? And they've been buying a lot of things. They got burned by all the other bad evil gurus in the past. I have language patterns I can use to help them forget those things so they focus on me. Okay. And, and they're subtle and they don't sound like a big thing. And you may think that's not going to work, but it really does. Like for example, I might end my sales video or my webinar bank. Look, I'm sure that all you guys have been in this internet marketing space for a long time. You've probably seen the scam arts. You've probably seen people trying to rip you off, trying to take your money. But for the next 90 minutes, I need you to forget about all that stuff and put it in the past. Okay. For the next 90 minutes, I need you to focus on what we're talking about today. I need you to have hope and faith because what I'm going to share with you is going to work. Okay. That's the hypnotic statement. I'm taking this thing and I'm helping, I'm, I'm telling you, I'm causing amnesia. So you'll forget about all the bad things you are. Because one of the reasons why you're not going to buy it from me is because you've been burned by somebody else in the past. So if I can use hypnosis to try to take, to try to, to put the, that behind you so we can focus on moving forward, it works. Okay. Causing amnesia. The next thing is telling them what to remember. So a lot of times I do this in a webinar, like, look, you're going to watch this webinar right now. But what's interesting is tonight, you're going to be laying in bed and for, for an hour, or two hours before you fall asleep, the thoughts of, in your mind are going to go over and over again, what if I did this? What if I did this? What if I did this? And as those thoughts go through your mind, you're going to know that you have to take action, that you have to be part of this. Okay. I'm telling these things and placing some subconscious thoughts in their minds. And that night, a lot of people are going to sit there and be like, it's going to go through their head. A human mind is really weird how it works. When you believe in hypnosis or not, I can place thoughts, I can place ideas in your head and it'll do these really weird things. Okay. So tell them what to remember. Dissociation. Dissociation is where I try to take somebody into a different, different place. For example, you'll notice when we go through the scripts, a lot of times I try to future pace people. So I'll talk about something that I'd like, like before we move on, I want you to really sit back and think about what life's going to be like in 30 days from now. You've got this stuff like, what's it look like to you? What's, what's the future going to look like? Like what, like imagine what, you know, what it's going to be like when you can fire your boss and you have more free time and when you've lost the first 5% body fat or whatever that thing is like, and I kind of, I push that to them, like future pacing. I'm just associated from, from the situation they're in right now where they're miserable and I'm showing them the, this, where they can become, where they can go. It's a really, really powerful thing. I think most of the scripts I have usually at least once or twice from some kind of future pacing, we're breaking away from where they are and pushing up to, to where they want to become and where we're trying to take them. And they can see that for just a second, very, very quickly. They can see that for just a second. Very, very powerful tool. Another one that I like doing is time distortation, distortation. Anybody here have been hypnotized on stage before? Kind of a fun process, right? But usually you do it and when you're in this hypnotic state, like, it's not like what people think. If you've never done it before, it's not like you're like a zombie and you're moving around. It's more like you're just hanging out. And I remember for me, like, I feel like I was in a state where like, if I didn't do what the hypnotist said, I'd feel so stupid. That was the member thing, it's just, I have to do something for like a moron. That was more like what I felt and it was a state that he put me in, right? And I remember that entire experience, we were on stage for like two or three hours and it felt like it went really, really fast because we're in this kind of hypnotic state. And so for me, a lot of times I'm trying to sell somebody, especially higher ticket stuff, we're taking it through a longer process, right? A webinar, like our Dock on Secrets local webinar, I think is three hours long right now. It's a long time to sit on a webinar listening to Russell pitch you on something, right? But I need somebody to do that. So a lot of times at the beginning, I'll use a time distortation to say something like, like, now this webinar, I'm going to be covering a lot of stuff, but what's cool about it is as we sit through this webinar, you're going to, things are going to go super, super fast. And even though it's going to be over an hour long or over an hour and a half, two hours long, it's going to feel like it was only 10 minutes long. So I'm going to feel like we're here for less than an hour, but because of that, you're going to feel so much better. And every, you know, blah, blah, blah, blah, something like that. Does that make sense though? So I'm telling them like, this may be long, but you're going to feel way shorter. You're going to feel like this is fast paced, blah, blah, blah. You do that and it places that thing in their mind. Another one that's really cool, Howard Berg taught me this. He does it a lot. Because he knows that like when you start teaching people, they're going to get overwhelmed. And so he does at the very beginning, he puts people hypnotic state where he says, no, as you start going through this training, initially you're going to be overwhelmed. That's a great thing. And as you become more and more overwhelmed, that's okay. That's a good feeling and that overwhelmed feeling means that you're learning, you're progressing and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, whatever. And he said that when he started doing that, his refunds of his course dropped in half. Because suddenly he was telling people that like that feeling overwhelmed was a good thing and kind of changed the state of where typically people are like, I'm overwhelmed, give my money back. All right, and then the last kind of thing that we use hypnosis-wise is if-all statements. And I'll talk about that more in the webinar section. Yeah, I'm not going to ruin that surprise. If-all is what we'll talk about in the webinar section. It's a really powerful hypnotic tool. Must do, so you must do this. I'm giving you a straight out command. You must do this, you must do this, works really, really well. And then can do. It's like, can you imagine yourself doing this? Kind of goes into trial closes. But again, it's another hypnotic thing. So you can hypnotize this as cool stuff to study you guys. Even if you don't believe in stage hypnotism, whatever, as a tool, all these little weird little things they add up. And they all help you get to where you need your audience to go. So those are all a bunch of different desire amplifiers that we try to weave into all the copy. So this whole first morning session, you guys, as you know, is not so much just- Here's the script. This is trying to help you understand the overall process. We're taking from a primary question to epiphany to magic bullet. And then here's some of the techniques we use. We talked about copy speed, we talked about trial closes, and we talked about some desire amplifiers. Don't get overwhelmed. You don't have to do all these things every single time. But they're all tools in your toolbox now you can start figuring out how to use when you're scripting things out, when you're writing webinars, when you're doing stuff. And at first it'll be hard, but every time you do it, it'll become more and more second nature. Like Natasha said, trial closes is second nature to her now. She does it all the time. Using her gnosis stuff, first I never use it, now I start using it more and more. And eventually it just becomes a part of your language patterns. And as you do this more and more, it'll become more and more second nature. I'm a junkie. I like learning all this stuff. So this is, I talked about this a little bit on day number one, like concept of immersion. So this is what I like to do. I recommend this for all of you guys. Like I remember the first time I kind of started realizing the power of this, it was huge. Like I literally think that in about a 48 hour period of time, I can become an expert in any business. I can know it was much in 48 hours as any expert. I literally think that if I wanted to become a doctor, I could spend 48 hours and do almost everything a doctor can do. Like it's really, like when you start learning how to learn fast, like we learn all this crap in school. It takes us, you know, entire semester to cover a bunch of stuff. But like the reality is if you learn through immersion, you can learn like 98% of what you need to do in very, very short, finite period of time. So what I will do, a lot of times I'll pick a topic that I'm really passionate about. Like when I first wanted to learn NLP, I was like, hey, I want to learn NLP. I can go and read a book on it and do some stuff in six months and I know a couple of things. Or I can immerse myself in it. So I literally went online, I bought every single NLP book, every single audio. As much stuff as I could and I got it all shipped to me and I spent a week where I'm going to learn NLP. I'm going to learn as much as I can from it. And so in the car I'm listening to NLP CDs and books. I'm reading through them, scanning. I'm trying to find as much stuff. And I just immerse myself in something as hard as I can throughout a week. And in a week you learn, like you literally can learn enough in a week on any topic that you can become an expert in it. Okay? Again, and so that's kind of what I do. So like when I got into NLP, that's what I did. I was drawing on our hypnosis stuff about five or six cells, hypnosis books, some audio courses and podcasts. It just brained up as fast as I could. And I don't know everything on it. I don't finish reading every single book. My goal is not to read from cover to cover. It's to scan through and find the things I can use that are applicable to me as fast as I can. And when you do that you just simulate information really fast. And what else is cool is like, I was talking to Howard Berg, the world's fastest reader. He told me something that was really powerful. He said, a lot of people read a book on a topic and they get like one author's perspective. And so the problem is that that's just one guy's perspective. He's like, I'd rather get five or six books and get everybody's perspective. And also you get a whole picture. And obviously most of us can't read an entire book in three minutes like Howard can. So it's harder. But I like to get a bunch of different stuff and get a lot of perspectives on stuff because you get a better picture. And you start making these connections that you don't make when you dabble. The reason why I think college is horrible experience is because I spent an hour here and I learned eight topics in a three hour period of time. And then three days later I do it again and I'm dabbling all these things. I can't remember anything in the book. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing. I'm dabbling all these things. I can't remember anything and none of these connections are happening. But I think one topic and just cram as hard as I can for a very finite period of time. You get so much stuff. That's why I like events like this. And three days I cram so much stuff on you. A lot of it's going to be over your head. You can get overwhelmed, all this stuff. But all of a sudden all these connections start getting made and you're like, oh that's how this stuff all fits together. But if we do this same experience over three months, most of you guys would never be able to get all the connections. But here I think the majority of you guys will at least get the connections. Then you can go back and start filling in the pieces for what's important. But I like doing stuff like that. If I do an event, maybe I do an event once a week. And you guys all know once a week I'm doing an event. So you get certainty this is going to be happening every single week. Each week I'm teaching new topics. It's going to be exciting, the new thing. You're going to get some variety. It's like you're coming because Russell's got new things all the time that keep me fired up and awesome. And then on the call, everyone who's successful, I'm going to be recognizing them. Those who are implementing, I'm going to recognize them. They're going to feel significant. The MLM world is awesome at this. You'll notice you go to one of their events. It's three days long and all they do for three days is have every single person in the audience come up on stage and get their picture taken. They make you all feel significant. And then you get hugs with the leaders. You feel love and connection and you create these cult addictions. All of our MLMers in the room, you know this is how it works, right? They are one of the best in the world at causing addictions. Because that's what they're doing. So it's not so much in your cells that are like, this is more like your overall hierarchy experience with your audience. It's not so much in your cells that are like, you're like, this is more like your overall hierarchy experience with your audience. So you're going to have to be able to do that. So you're going to have to be able to do that. So it's like your overall hierarchy experience with your customers, from everything you're doing, you're weaving these things in, you're trying to figure out how can make these people feel certain. How can I get out in variety? How can I make them feel significant? And how can I give them love and connection? So why events like this are good because you can serve people at a different level. But you also can do a lot of these kinds of things. You can't do necessarily that are harder to do remote.