I realize there's only really three core markets. Like every one of your businesses fall into one of these things. It's either wealth, health, or relationships. There's a fourth one, let me know. But I thought for a long time, and if I actually don't want to know, because the books are just under publisher. So don't let me know. But for the most part, they're all going to fit into one of these three. Right? And so you think about it's like, like at the beginning of the expert secret world, when people started becoming like experts in things, like they kind of were one of these three things, right? It was health, wealth, or relationships. And they were like, hey, I'm going to teach you how to lose weight. And all of a sudden everyone's like, oh, and they like made tons of money, right? Because they were the first dudes and everyone's like, oh, this is awesome. And it was really, really easy. But then everyone's like, well, that guy's making a lot of money. I can do that too. And they start jumping in soon. What happened is that each of these three markets became this. They became the Red Ocean, Blue Ocean concept, right? Because it's Red Ocean, now there's 10, 20, 30, 50, 100, 100,000 people all in the same thing, all going for the same fish, the same thing. And so the water becomes super bloody, right? And so what happened is that markers, business, like people like us had figured out, okay, well, I need like everyone's fighting for the same customer. Like how can I, like how can I shift this to get away from the blood and get into a Blue Ocean? So you didn't read the book Red Ocean, Blue Ocean. It's a great book, but it's about this whole concept of like, the Red Ocean of competition versus the Blue Ocean, where you're unique and you're your own, right? And so what happened next is, I'm sure, I'm on the history lesson behind it, but I'm pretty sure this is when things started actually splintering out. So now you got wealth, you break it out, like inside of wealth there's finance, investing, real estate, sales, internet marketing. You know, there's a million different, like we call them in the book, sub-markets, right? Same thing in relationships, you got love, dating, marriage, all things, then in health, you got nutrition, strength training, weight loss, diet, there's like, all these things started sprouting, all these little Blue Oceans, right? So everyone's popping these different Blue Oceans. And for a while, like there was one dude who was the sales guy, right? I look back, the guys I learned from Nish, like Kennedy and those guys were like, Zig Zig, where was the sales guy? Dan Kennedy was the direct response, like they were just kind of in their own little Blue Oceans, and that's why they made all this money, because they were the only ones. But then they got really good, and Dan Kennedy trained everybody, and then everybody goes out and becomes hit with little hymns, and they're all fighting the same pond, and suddenly this Blue Ocean, it was amazing, becomes all red and choppy and bloody, and that's like, oh, how do we compete here now, right? And so for us, like that's the world that we've inherited, that's where you guys are at right now. And so a lot of you guys, a lot of people, they jump in and like, hey, I'm a diet guru, I'm a finance guru, and they jump into this thing, and you're already in red waters, like so you can go and you're fighting with everybody else, but like you can't, it's hard to win when you're fighting with, potentially, some markets, thousands and thousands of people, right? And so for you, you gotta figure out, okay, we gotta go one step further, we're in this red market, if I picked whatever sub market, I've gotta go and I gotta figure out a new one, and I've gotta create my own niche. Now emphasize the word create on purpose. Every person I learned from up to this point, I always tell them that, go pick a niche, go pick which niche you wanna be in. If you pick a niche, that means you're stepping into a red ocean, like if it's something you can pick, it's already created, there's somebody there, so you can step into that, but you're not, maybe you have less competition, but you're still in a red ocean. So you have to be like, how do I create my own niche within this? We can create and carve out your spot in this ecosystem. I had a friend that's in the, he's a brilliant guy, Michael Lovitch, some of you guys may know him, he's got a couple different companies, but he was the first one to explain this to me, he said that when you go into a market, there's an ecosystem, right? And the ecosystem is a whole bunch of people, like there's the guy doing this, the girl doing this, and there's all these different people, and it's like, you can go and compete, like, oh, I'm gonna do what that guy's doing, but then, since you're doing that, now there's this weird, now you're competing, and then all his friends won't like you, because you're competing, and it clouds up this whole ecosystem, makes it bloody waters, right? Or if you come into the ecosystem, like, hey, here's the health market, all right, there's a dude doing that, someone doing that, and here's all the people, and it's like, where do I fit? And if you can find your spot that's different, then all the other people no longer are like these competitors with you, suddenly they become your best partners, and all these other things, like, there's tons of benefit from that. But it's coming down to creating your own niche, and figuring out what is your spot inside of this whole ecosystem. In the book, some examples I was giving, I kind of gave out, if you look at this, so, let's do this, so here's the market, from there we'll move to the sub market, and then here, this is where you're creating your thing, your niche, right? And so, if you're from Canada, they call niche, if you're from America, we call niche, right? Is there any other variations of that? I think that's most of them. And so, for example, like, look at this, let's say I'm in the wealth market, let's say I'm wealth, and then over here, my sub market is, let's say it's real estate, I do real estate coaching or whatever, and then from here, I'm like, okay, well, there's the flipping people, how to flip houses, there's how to short sell, there's how to, no money down, lease options, like what are all the different niches? So I can go and jump into bloody water, I can be like, hey, what can I create that's different than everyone else? I had a friend, and this may be Red Waters now, but I had a friend like 10 years ago, where he started doing the thing, he'd go to eBay, and he'd find these crappy houses for selling to eBay, they're like 100 bucks, because people were, like the government would get them back, and they'd post them for like 100 bucks, you can buy this house, horrible crappy houses. We found out this thing where he'd go to eBay, and he'd see a house for like 100 bucks, he'd buy it, then he'd get the listing, and then he'd repost it on eBay, and he'd rewrite the headline, some copy, and put a couple of pictures on there, and he'd repost it, and he'd buy it for about $100, and he'd flip it for like $3,000 or $4,000, and he made millions of dollars doing that, and then he'd create a whole course on that, and so it's like, that is like, like eBay house flipping, like that now is this new niche, he created it, nobody else is doing that, right? And if he goes back to all the house flipping guys, and all the other people in that niche, like they're gonna, there's partnership in there, there's no competition, because he's the only one doing that. So for all of our business, we gotta figure that out, it's like, can I create my own unique spot, my own blue ocean, where I'm the only person in that thing? If you can do that, then this game becomes so much easier. Some of you ask, what's your business? Like, well, it's kind of like so-and-so, if you can say that, that's probably not a good thing. I don't wanna say it's like, no, like we're gonna do something different, like this is our spot, this is what we do, and it's different, and some markets are, it's harder, because there's so many things, but it's like, still like, how do you figure out like your spot in there? As I, when I watched Brandon and Katelyn, the very first time I watched their sales video, like one of your initial hooks, I thought was so good, it was like, I'm probably gonna mess it up, it was like the weight loss thing that women aren't doing, that the men do, or do you remember what the top of your head what it is? Yeah, the weight loss secret that made me use all the time, but women fail to take advantage of it. Okay, the weight loss secret, the men use all the time, but women fail to take advantage of it. Like that's bringing this like, like that's a different thing, like that I heard you all talk about, which I think is a big reason why, like there's this huge flooding of people, right? And so it's like figuring that thing out, like what's, like what are you different about? Like where, how do you fit in that ecosystem? Okay, so what I wanna do right now is, let me think real quick. Yeah, I'm doing two things real quick, then we'll do workshop. Okay, so the first thing I wanna do is, this is the thing we use in the Dream 100, we'll talk about that probably on Wednesday, but I want you to all spend a second right now, I'm not sure if this is in the book or not, if not do it on the back of a white piece of paper, but I want you thinking about the people in your market that are already there, like all these other niches, and I want you to write down like, hey, so-and-so is this person, and kind of write down as many as you can think of, and then I want you to figure out like, where do you fit? So like what are the other list owners that are kind of, what are they focusing on? What are the other bloggers, their podcasters, or social media, other products, like things like that? Like looking at that ecosystem right now, and just really quick listening out, and many people you can think of that are like, you can say you're competitors or whatever, and then figuring out like, what's your, like where do you fit? What are you different? What's your unique niche? Okay, and so that's kind of the goal. So what we're gonna do is we're gonna spend, let's spend five minutes, if you kind of doing two things. First off is, oops, writing out as many people as you can think, and then figuring out like, where do you fit in there? Actually, they're probably better to go off this graphic. So write down like, I'm in the wealth market, I'm in real estate, and then put down like competitors you can think of on top or on bottom, and then this is my thing. This is my slot that I own. It's gonna be my thing that nobody else can have. This is my blue ocean that I own. So spend five minutes doing that. Who wants to share what they've created? Who wants to share? All right, here. Hello. So my name's Adam Tsuul. We have a small clinic that does aesthetics, and we offer services that are pretty much similar to some of our competitors, like dermatologists, plastic surgeons, et cetera. You know, one thing we were talking about, when I talked to Russell before, was we do cool sculpting, which actually freezes off some of your fat permanently, 45 minutes, so new hot thing and Hollywood went on. And it's trying to figure out how we can use that and make it a USP. So what I thought is, instead of just saying, hey, you know, come here, get your bow, talk, get your cool sculpting, whatever, when you come to us, we want only the best people. We want only winners. We want only salespeople. We want people that want to be the best. People that are happy to pay premiums to have the best service. We're gonna have extra ways to measure fat through ultrasound, which nobody else does. We're also gonna try and pair it with other products, like maybe the collagen peptide thing. Where's the guy? There is it. And you also see if there's a way that we say, hey, you get your cool sculpting, you're gonna lose your fat, but now you're gonna be on a maintenance, collagen peptide, and we're also gonna put you in a community to follow up with other people who are doing the same thing. Because you're not alone, you're special, it's gonna be different. You can go to dermatology, get some guy to inject Botox in your face, or you can come here and we will make you presentable. We will give you that lifestyle that you want. All right, that's enough. Thank you. All right, lots of share. Oh, sorry. Is that on camera? Russell, you're like a girl. Just kidding. All right. So actually, I don't know if there's time for any feedback, but maybe you could pull me aside later and be like, no, that's the worst idea ever. So the big market as well, the sub market is e-commerce, and e-commerce is very much a red ocean, which it's interesting, because there's so much competition, but there's so much opportunity still, even in the midst of that competition. But my background is Amazon, and then we've gone into other marketplaces. I'm a certified partner, so we started using Funnel. So that's the sub niche I wanna go into. I create a course on this already, and based on the feedback I've gotten, what I wanna offer then is a end-to-end solution on the sales funnel side. So there's a lot of people who are teaching, okay, you're gonna use the sales funnel, and you do free plus shipping, and just go source a product, and yeah, just to create a cool offer, and then create a list, and now you have this market you can sell to. And what I'm getting a lot of feedback is, yeah, that's great, but how? Like, how do we actually do that? So it's to go very, very deep on that part, understanding different models to test products, how we actually are gonna know it's gonna work, creating the offer, the lead gen side, the customer acquisition, like nurturing the list. Like, everything that we learn in online marketing would just go very deep on just like the e-commerce sales funnel side. Love it. Cool. All right, who else has got one? Hey guys, my name's Brandon. I'm gonna sit down, because I'm gonna read this here. So we do Lady Boss, and so we help women lose weight, love themselves again, that's kind of our goal. So our market's weight loss, it's women. We think it's kind of younger than we want. We have a free trial offer, so we've done well with it, but pass that if you wanna start creating, ascend people up the value ladder and sell higher dollar products. They're younger, they don't have the money. They're single, they're in college, a lot of them. And then we found that, so we're gonna move that up to more like 30 to 55, working in married women, versus like single women who are in college or still trying to figure their life out, because that's just kind of what we've attracted. And then also really focusing on, we're very strong Christians, so focusing on women who are married, and a lot of married women are Christians, because that's part of their value system. And so there's not really a place for those type of women to get together. So we wanna focus a lot on that specifically, because when we, that's like the strongest people in our community, that's who they are already. We're just not using that as a way to bring people in. And so it's just kind of identifying what we already kind of have going, and focusing on that, because those are the people that can afford a $500 product that wanna work. They're not victims, they're not like, our program's all about being real, and like, hey, you gotta change your lifestyle, you gotta work out, you gotta eat, there's no other way to actually sustain it. And so that's kind of the system. So just really bringing that all together. And then as we create more programs, I mean, most of those women belong to churches, they belong to communities, they know a lot of people. So as we kind of build affiliate programs, and things where they can get other people involved, because they've experienced the change, they're gonna be much more likely to have success, rather than someone who's kind of young and single, and kind of in that mode. So yeah. Don't celebrate people. Just kidding. Awesome. So. So I'm an acupuncturist, and I had a 750K gross at my practice last year, which is unheard of for an acupuncturist, I think. And so yeah, this is just with, just putting needles in people, it's amazing. Um. I looked at it in the mirror, and I was like, dang, really? Seriously, that's awesome. So I realized I wanna teach other people how to do it, because I think in our field, there's a lot of people who want to have that kind of impact. So my niche is gonna be training acupuncturists that want to create or scale an authentic, high volume, high impact cash practice, that generates massive referrals. So they just build this system, and they're gonna need, the cool thing about Chinese medicine, what we do already is that we have this kind of map for how to transform energy. We literally, Chinese medicine is a map for how to transform people's lives. Okay, so I'm gonna empower them on that message. Like you have been handed this map, how to change the world. So now what we need to do is we need to be powerful and do that. So I'm gonna teach them how to do all their front end messaging, their indoctrination, get people into their clinics, and really into their culture. But then also I'm gonna teach them the entire method of how I actually work in clinic, because the process, it goes so fast, I see people, I'm in the room with them for 10 minutes, and the testimonies I get are just unbelievable. I can't even believe some of the things that they say, that kind of impact that I'm having on them, even though I'm only in the room with them for 10 minutes. So I have to break that down, and teach that to other people, because that's the issue with most acupuncture clinics, is they spend way too much time with people. They can't really leverage their time and make money, and so that's what I'm gonna do. Yeah. Cool. Cool. We're gonna pair these back. So Chris came in in a circle with a whole different business model, and then a month ago he posted them on Facebook, like hey, I made a bunch of money in my clinic, and now people are going nuts, like running to him wanting this. And so I one of those things where a lot of times we start in business, we start doing something, but just the process of moving forward, like it opens up opportunities. Like it's nothing else, like just moving forward, doing things opens those things up. So it's kind of cool. All right, I wanna share everybody's, but if we do, we won't get anything done. So we'll come back. All right, so a couple of things as you're looking through this. First, like first question I'm asking myself is I create this, right? Is with people, so here's my new niche I just created. If I step back one step to right here, would people that are here in my sub market, if I told them that, would they be like, oh dude, I want that bad? Like that's like my limits test, like are these guys, these guys to be excited? Cause when I'm looking at dream 100, I'm coming back a step, which we'll talk about later. When I'm coming, when I'm driving traffic, I'm coming back a step like, cause this is your own new blue ocean. Like you're not gonna find people that are looking for a specific thing technically. You're typically, you're gonna step one thing back and like, okay, I'm teaching people how to flip houses on eBay. Would people who are in real estate be interested? Like that's my first I'm looking at. If this market is an interest in that, like that's like the first big thing that's like cool. This is something they're excited by. The next thing I'm looking is, and this comes back to like the sub market, if I create this, I'm looking for people that are irrationally passionate. They have to be excited. Like they're not like irrationally crazy passionate about this thing. It comes really, really hard to sell. Joel Erwe is not here, but Joel first came in in his circle and he's like, dude, I got this thing thing. When nobody's doing this, I'm gonna be rich. He's like, he was going after engineers. He's like, I'm selling engineers and we're gonna teach them how to like get, increase in their pay. And like, so many, like from anyway, is just seeing the third part after lunch. Like it was an improvement offer. It was like a market that like doesn't like giving out money. Most engineers, I love them, but they're not like, oh, I excited or passionate about anything, right? And so he spends like eight months with me and trying to build, I'm like, the market sucks, man. It's horrible. Like get out of there. He's like, no, but I love these people. I'm like, yeah, but they don't care about you. Like that's, anyway, he tried and he tried and he tried and he tried. And like he actually got a couple of guys to give him money, which like blew my mind. I think it was even physically possible, but he got it. But I was like, dude, these people are not, even a little bit passionate, let alone irrationally passionate. Like nobody really like wakes up every morning, like I'm an engineer, like Steven Larson, every single morning voxing. He's like, it's Monday, baby, we're building funnels. I'm like, yeah. And like we're crazy over here, right? Like we're so excited about everything. Like your market's got to be passionate. Otherwise like, man, it's hard to sell people stuff. Like if they're excited, like it just, it changes everything, right? So I'm looking for people that are rationally passionate. How do I know if they are? First off, they're buying stuff from other people already. Like they're into this thing. They're trying to figure out there, that thing, right? They're buying stuff. Facebook groups, there's communities. There's live events. There's other gurus that are selling stuff in that, in this, in the sub market. Like I'm looking for those things because that's gonna give me a good sign. Like, hey, if I come into this market, like there's gonna, it's gonna be good. And then the third thing is that we gotta find, we gotta make sure that our market is both willing and able to buy. Okay? There's a lot of markets people are willing to buy at a buddy who was like, I'm gonna make a video game course. There's like 18,000 or 18 million kids playing Halo. I'm gonna make this Halo course. I'm gonna be rich. Just 1% or 1% bottom, billionaire, right? Like that whole thing you hear all the time. And then he created it and he starts selling it and then turns out to like, man, those Halo, like teenage kids, they're willing to buy. They're just not able to buy. They don't have any credit cards, right? So they gotta be willing and able. Other times people are able to buy. The engineers were able, they had money. They're not willing to buy. They're not gonna give you money to like improve their life a little bit. They don't care. Okay? So they gotta be both willing and able to buy. Like those are two core things. Sometimes they're willing to not able, sometimes they're able and not willing. They gotta be both of those. If you got that, then it's like, okay, this market's, these guys are excited. We're gonna have some fun here, right? Those are the things I'm looking for.