What's that was the biggest takeaway you guys have had so far while waiting for people to come back? This is cool. I throw this to you at the mic. Yeah, we're here. Yeah Yeah, the vehicle. I really like that part. What about it? Oh, what about it? Well, made me think about the vehicle because we have we've been in business for 10 years Yeah, so it's hard to think about a new angle and and thinking about what vehicle they're in That to me was a great thing. So yeah, yeah, absolutely What other what other big thing have you guys taken away so far? We're getting started like two hours in the one to many and you know, it's the 100,000 200,000 selling that amount of dollars is the same amount of effort. Yeah as selling a million dollar two million Okay, you know what I'm saying. Yeah. Yeah Absolutely, you know, it's a door to sales guys pretty locked in Time for dollars. I would say the opportunity switch. I just something just lit up in my brain. Yeah that I I Need to separate my course and make that opportunity switch sure. I was given away. So sure opportunities. This is for me That's awesome. It's awesome. Appreciate it. Oh So much stuff but the in the very beginning when he was talking about Kill your babies essentially Like pick one thing and get to a million bucks and then focus your attention on Other things that you can get excited and creative about but they point back to that core offer Instead of just creating new crap all the time Which all of us have shiny object syndrome in here because all entrepreneurs visionaries and that's our biggest Achilles heel So it was just cool to hear how he cured his shiny object syndrome. Yeah, and still grow the business It's it's funny because there's so many other software things like we brainstorm like we could take over everything with that like And it's it's funny because it's this it's restricting But also helps you explode at the same time in a good way people to identify with your culture or the company culture and yeah How he said it's kind of difficult to walk away from the identity once it's established. Yeah, absolutely The culture absolutely Boom Russell said one thing and I just I think the sentence and boiled it down give people a place to put their hope in their face You know, you can do that you can sell it. You can tell it. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. Thank you very much We'll work side for this next piece here. So now In the past the other fat events we've done We've not really spent as much time going into what you guys just went through and so when we start creating like these different pieces We need the different scripts, you know the different things together It's harder to know like what target am I trying to hit if we try to add this in so to help clarify some things good So, um, how many guys know who Dan Henry is? Okay, all right. He's it's hard to not know him pretty loud So speaking at his event last February and and he taught this really cool principle that helped me understand more about We're gonna write your webinar headline now This is this is the thing that Russell starts all of his webinar writing with his headline as soon as he's got the headline We get in we go create the offer itself Soon as he's got that stuff then we go in and that's why this is laid out the way it is That's why we're going in the order that we are here And so these are the these are the outputs the deliverables we need you guys to create So first we're gonna go create this headline and I was asking it was like Russell in your definition What is the difference? Between a headline and a hook where are my writers where my writers what's the difference between a headline and a hook? Right, it's challenging And I was like some of the best webinars you just did there was like a clear hook And then this know this webinar headline as well and there was these different pieces back and forth. I saw some other hands Okay, yeah To the next absolutely so I was at speaking at Dan's thing and he stood up and he told the story that helped me It's a better way to teach than what I was doing with it He said that I don't know if you guys know this about him but he was actually a dish salesman like dish TV and What he would do is he would go to these massive massive conferences Where there's all these vendors and all he would do is he would stand in front of the traffic that was coming to him and moving Past his booth and this is all he said. This is all I said. Did you forget to sign up for a dish today? People like what look get out of here Did you forget to sign up for this today? What no get out here? Did you forget? Yes, I did no worries takes two minutes here you go, you know and He he outsold every other dish person that was there and ended up going and meeting the VP of dish and and And you know just talking about this and he said the reason it works so well is because once he knew what his offer was He stopped split testing his hook. He started split testing his audience That makes sense the audience stayed the same. So what we're gonna do is we're gonna go create a webinar headline With you guys right now To help draw people obviously into the webinar itself. So with this headline The biggest thing something like when I saw Russell's My weird niche funnel currently making me 17 grand a day I can ethically knock it off in less than 10 minutes. I saw that I was like whoa like that drew me in there was belief immediately And the biggest thing you're gonna fight with the way you write these headlines is whether or not it's believable You know, so we're gonna go through and there's a framework To help people knock over kind of that big false belief they might have is this really believable is this one this guy? You know my yeah, yeah my my weird niche method that makes me lose 500 pounds on a day You know eating other McCookie's like okay, that's unbelievable, you know, I mean like so you're gonna take the hook You can take the message you're gonna match it over to the audience that's listening to and this is this is a This is great. So I love I love how this whole sentence came about I wasn't able to go to that event which I'm super sad about but this is the big domino statement And do you want to talk about that story? This is super awesome. So when well I got back from Kenya after we were mapping something out and We didn't event right afterwards with a bunch of inner circle members going through these concepts I was kind of writing the book and run and teach it in a format where I could like see how it all worked And I had like maybe maybe excuse me like probably two or three minutes blocked out to teach this concept Of the big domino because the whole goal like Steven said is like in any argument any sales argument Like I'm just looking for like what's the one thing and you get them to believe them to buy right? Like if you look at the whole way the perfect webinar structure It's not like having like 50 different things we're trying to get into believe I just got feel like what's the one big domino They believe this and they have to give me money So kind of explain that and then everyone's like wait wait hold on and they always questions and it turned into like a three and a half hour Discussion, but I was like how do you like how do we do this? Like how do we simplify this and like we went through and finally like I had a big whiteboard like this We kept writing it out and eventually like this sentence came out of it It was like if I can make them believe that my new opportunity is the key to what they desire most and it's only attainable through this vehicle Then all their objections fall away fall away and they have to give you money right And that's what it came to is like okay now How do I put my product my service into this because some of you guys when you sell your stuff? You're like okay, I'm gonna convince him of this and this and this and this and like all these things you got to do It's like no like in any sales argument There's one thing if you can if you if they believe that one thing they have to give you money So what is that one thing and then the rest of the entire presentation is all built around getting them to believe that one thing? Okay, which is that you're no opportunity is the key to what they desire most like that's that's the essence of what we're trying to figure out And so we made the sentence and it's like and if you get the sentence to be like a true sense I'll be like take five seconds fill in the blanks and then like Technically the sentence is a real sentence, but it's not actually real like if you get it where it's actually like a True a true statement Then it's like you've got the thing that they now you know like they just believe this they have to give me money They have to become part of what we're doing they have to join our movement like that's the key We're trying to get here and that's what happened at that event and it turned out It's been awesome sense and as a tool for everyone so absolutely thank you absolutely so the the I'm glad we're going with this now because some of the things you guys been telling me that you sell You're like I sell this and this and this and this and this and this and that's fine But you got a lead with one of them You know they can't otherwise I got to be convinced that they have to fit in the category of every single one of those things in order to buy Like they don't just the one so whatever the one thing is that you actually sell you only sell one thing right? You're selling the one thing and you might go let's say your weight loss coach All right well the ones I have one one diet plan that's gonna help you out now You might go and you might teach some some mental wellness things also You might teach this you might teach this but if you lead with all of it at once Someone has to believe all of those things in order to buy so we only did one of them Okay, so this statement is gonna help you whittle down and help help you guys understand more like okay Is my thing actually believable on both ends? Does someone need to believe too many things in order to buy from me? Maybe you're making it hard for people to buy from you and so this statement is gonna help kind of clarify that out So so here's an example the click funnels one if I can make If I can make them believe that funnels is the key to online business success and is only attainable through click funnels and all The objections and concerns are relevant. They have to give me money. Okay. That's a true statement That's why it works so well as a culture This next this next slide Right this this is not a true statement if I can make them believe that cutting calories and exercise is the key to losing weight Okay, that's true and is only attainable through my new weight loss course all the objection then they have to give me money That's not true right. That's a red ocean. There's so many people sell on that type of a result to the same Does that make sense? You are selling to a red ocean at that point and that's why that's why it doesn't work that way Does that make sense any questions with that? So this statement is not true therefore you're in a red ocean That's what we're trying to say and this becomes the base for how Russell writes his headline Soon as you got the headline and the rest of it we can go after the races with this thing We're gonna take just like two or three minutes Just fill it out how you would normally right now and then let's hear some of them back and forth I like to as a group It's pretty easy to tell if the statement that you've created is a true statement or not, right? If I can make me believe that funnels is the key All right, anybody want to share what they've written down? Yeah. All right. Here you go If I can make artists believe That building a fan base is the key to making music a full-time career And it's only attainable through my fan base university masterclass A lot of musicians don't know how to build a fan base That is the key in today's Publishers and so I didn't want you to already have 100,000 YouTube subscribers Because we're trying to throw rocks at like the record labels and stuff and say and so I could have like you know Building a fan base without a record label. We kind of sometimes throw that in there, but that's in the next one I was talking to the side. That's what it sound like you were passionate about doing, you know like message wise I mean that that could be the thing instead. I'm glad you're all given input. That's the most challenging part about this is that this is like Eventually you got to throw it to your actual market, you know, I mean Because I have a membership Which is called fan base university and we used to call the masterclass launching your careers and artists But we decided well, why don't we just call it fan base university masterclass? Because I didn't want to give them my membership. I want that to be a separate value ladder thing, but go Yeah, that's like if you have work, you know like Because if you have fans then fans buy tickets your fans they buy your music if you have fans You know everybody chases after you so it's not like you know It's kind of like if you get I'd try to teach them that if they have fans and everything else Right, right. No, absolutely. Yeah Thanks If I can make small business owners believe that doing less Not more is the key to building a great business with plenty of free time And it's only attainable through living your one thing then all of their objections and concerns become irrelevant and they have to give me money Sexy and do you guys like that? Yeah Thank you. That was a given If I can make small business owners believe that doing less I Have to like work your avatar into it to like you have to say like so it's like you want to say like if I can make Stress out entrepreneur like because that he's over there like not working harder. I don't believe you Oh, if someone's like screw this I'm doing too much. What do I do? What you do less? There's a badge of honor that comes with killing yourself for your business, you know what I mean people that's a status thing So people are gonna have a hard time giving that up Justing on the fly if I can make overworked small business owners believe that doing less Not more is the key to building a great business with plenty of free time. There we go cleaner Those are struggling If you're struggling it's because you probably haven't figured out your new vehicle yet Like that's because it all like I convince them that this vehicle is the key to like they're all happiness Like that's basically the argument, right? so if you if you're struggling a lot of times because you actually don't have a new like Like what is your new opportunity to prevent presenting him and what is it? They actually does it here go back one slide where shows like the yeah Like my new opportunity is the key to what they desire most like that's why I got to convince somebody's that funnels are the key to Growing your company or you know, whatever that is like that's that's the key It's just new opportunity and what they desire most that's the key to figure out. Sorry All right, so mine is if I can make executive recruiters believe I'm sorry If I can make executive recruiters are stuck in the six-figure hustle and grind If I can make them believe that going solo is the key to financial freedom And there's only tangible through seven figure headhunter Of course Then all other objections and concern from Roblin that's gonna be matters I like your webinar. I've seen that. It's cool. I like your webinar Is that believable? So basically you're saying hey Recruiters it's actually just better to go on your own here's how to do it Yeah, you're stuck in the in the I mean your your six figures be your hustling grind in Yeah, so if I can make executive recruiters who are stuck in the six-figure hustle and grind Believe that going solo and building their own independent practices is the key to financial freedom And it's only tangible to you seven figure headhunter Of course Then all the objections and concerns become irrelevant and they have to give me money The ones I like to associate with yes I With what they know because you know I love for I'm a recruiter I don't know real estate on investment I know how to recruit headhunt, but I'm working for a firm paying me a 30% commission I can go build my own carve on my own practice with what I already know and keep all my feet I Get a hundred percent of the fee instead of set of 30% And I get to build on people underneath me if I want to but the end of the day just going solo I can maintain my same production triple my income. I think your new opportunities there. It's not financial freedom It's what you actually get by being on your own versus why Right It's the only way to keep a hundred percent of your income and be able to have others generating wealth for you Yeah, play with that. I buy that financial freedom. It's so airy-fairy. Yeah, and it's not the only thing Yeah, okay. Okay. Thank you Delete it quick If I can make real estate investors believe that virtual real estate investing is the key to Personal and financial freedom and it's only attainable through my course Freedom University then all other objections and concerns become irrelevant and they have to give me money They get Notice I said financial and personal freedom because when you build a virtual business you cannot Be the guy who drives by the guy who swings the hammer and paints the cabinet so you get your time back You have to leverage other people That you also can choose markets where the cash flow is a lot better which leads to the financial freedom piece About about how it's the way it's the future so Like a work could everything's going digital now, so you know get in before other people do, you know Yeah So I'm a real estate investor of what's 15 years First thing I think is that's not true. I could say it's not true. So I think you need to qualify With like frustrated real estate investors, right? You know because there are real estate investors that are doing well and they're making money and they're financially free and things are good So they might be that'd be like man, so they're not really your target, right? Your target are the frustrated guys Who they were tired of fixing toilets, right? They're have maintenance nine bears all that kind of stuff So if I just add that word frustrated to this, how does that where does that come into play? Is that in the webinar in the targeting like? How does that make this statement more effective? And we're gonna go over It's called a fight, you know the the one sentence persuasion course right after this after we have like the base of what it is I like to create a how-to without statements, which is what we're about to do right now and then We turn up the sexy with words like that. You know I mean where it's where it's You frustrate you know you're confirming suspicions. You're laying fears. We're gonna go through that just in a moment here So it's probably good segue to do that then so let's write in This is like the most basic there are tons of other headline examples or formats. I'm so sorry. I just that's right Could you throw that over here, please? I oh no, I you raised your hand I think every time I'm sorry I Could use some some feedback for sure If I can make unhappy wives believe honest openness, which is like what I need help with most is The key to true intimacy with their spouse and is only attainable through the smart couples Academy Then all other objections and concerns, you know Any thoughts? Honest, what are they again? Hey, I say it again, okay If I can make unhappy wives believe honest openness, which is like vulnerability Is the key to true intimacy with their spouse and it's only attainable through the smart couples Academy Then all other objections become relevant Well because Brené Brown has already kind of made that like a thing I thought Do you think you can use you can use it even though someone's already like doing a talk and all that Okay, okay all the back, okay, so it's okay Yeah Yeah Something that you Have to explain a little more because honest openness I can read that and just say well I'll just be honest and open And these are these are meant to be somewhat of a they're kind of positioning statements This isn't so much something that your customers are gonna see it's like your own check to figure out if you've actually found a blue ocean So this is not like a they won't see this. This is for you. Yeah, cool. Okay So now let's now let's create the piece that people are going to see thank you And so We're gonna go create a how to blank without blank statement does that make sense? So this is gonna be we're gonna create a how to without statement and And this is the headline for the webinar and anytime I've seen Russell put webinars together anything like that He is always this is the place that he starts on and this is how to Greatest desire without largest pain does that make sense? Here's how to get all your wildest dreams come true without actually having to go through the pain of it Okay, that's how this is structured and set up. Yeah Yeah There's a lot of the formats for sure The principal yeah, yeah, yeah, absolutely so this is kind of comment that good So I'd say by half my webinars fit into this Template and half don't this is like the easiest place to start with and this is always my first draft and sometimes it's so good I never leave it sometimes I try fair other hooks and angles but like from it from a let's begin this process like Instead of us spending four hours teaching like 18,000 different headlines structure like this is the one that like Like it's a 50% or more of my offers like that's the headline So it's the best one to start with this most successful because it's how to you know If you have those blanks like how to get what you desire the most without the thing that causes you the most pain So it's the first place to start some you guys will go through some other stuff You can evolve it and do other stuff But from a from a let's start process This is the best one to start with that in fact even my other webinars I start with this headline first and then I'm like hey can I make something better? It's gonna be sex here's gonna hook them But I always begin with this one first every time and what's funny is when I actually saw the niche one, you know My weird niche funnel it's what kind of follows that as far as like when I saw when I saw what it was promising My first immediate fear was like well, I don't know out of code You know and how you can ethically knock it off in less than 10 minutes You know so still follows a lot of that the same thing even though the word with that isn't there But okay, so we're just gonna start with this spot. I stopped you hands Yeah Yeah, yeah for the webinar Any questions with that I saw one other okay, so we're gonna take just a yep good yep Like It's funny is there's a few times where where Russell have the actual headline of the webinar itself But above it there's something else that's the actual hook You know that they actually pulls it the the funnable the secrets was one of the most recent ones were like wait a second How can we did that and that you know he said after two million funnels and what was like 12,000 split tests or whatever Here's what we finally figured out, you know and then on the bottom Then he had the actual headline for the so absolutely these are a lot of us a lot of this guidelines What we're teaching you here, especially for the next three days is very much here's the format of it It's your job after that to throw it up against the wall and see what your marker resonates with so totally Yeah, you can definitely just this playroom. This is more of a sandbox Some of what we teach is science and others art. That's definitely an art area Any other questions Cool