Hey everyone, I want to welcome you to our little workshop today. I'm glad to have you guys here. And kind of the game plan and the reason why we're doing this. Obviously, if you're here, then it means you've either read the dot com secrets book, which I hope you guys all have, or if not, you watch the three hour webinar ahead of time. That goes over very similar content to this. This goes into a little more detail and there's even more cool stuff in here. But the webinar also kind of gives you a really broad overview of everything. One thing that I've been doing this business now for over a decade and it's kind of interesting. The one thing that I get all the time when I share these things with people is like, this is really cool, but how does this actually work or fit in my business? So that's what this workshop is about. The goal of it is not to reteach the book or reteach what you guys learned on the webinar, but it's to take the concepts and the core information and help you to see exactly how this fits for your business and your business and your business. That way you can take the stuff and execute on it. One of my early mentors, his name is Dan Kennedy, and first I went to his event. He had this big, huge poster on the wall that was as big as this room. It said, this doesn't work in my business. I was like, I was so confused when I first saw the poster. Then his first presentation the day, he got up and talked about how every time he teaches this marketing stuff that people always say, well, that's cool, but it doesn't work for my business. The reality is it does. It works for any kind of business. You just have to kind of think about it and figure out how to tweak it and make it work for your situation. That's kind of the goal of this workshop is to do that. It's kind of take your guys' businesses, these concepts, and kind of blend them together and show you guys how they're going to work. What we have here, and you guys should all have this, this is called the dot-com secrets blueprint. This is kind of what we're going through today. At the end of this, this should be all completely filled out. This is going to be your guys' blueprint. It's going to be taking everything that's inside the book. Inside the book, I had to cover a lot of things. I needed you guys to see a broad overview of everything. For each of your companies, you're not going to be doing everything. You're not going to be using all seven different sales funnels. All this and that, it's just not going to happen. Maybe in the future you'll get to that point, but for today we've got to figure out what's the one sales funnel you're going to use. What's the first one we need to be focusing on? What's the process? What's it going to look like? That's what kind of game plan is going to be. It's going to be fun. We're going through this and filling it out as we go through each session. At the end of it, you should have a blueprint or a roadmap that's going to take you exactly where you need to go, which would be kind of cool. For those of you guys who don't know who I am, I don't want to spend a lot of time on this, but I got started in this business. I've spent over 12 years now that I got started. When I got started, I wasn't trying to be a business guru or anything. My goal wasn't to that. My goal was, honestly, I wanted to make some money. I was wrestling at Boise State University. My wife and I had just gotten married. She was making a whopping 9.15 hour. I was making $0 an hour as a wrestler. We couldn't even afford our $400 a month apartment payment. I either have to quit wrestling and go get a job or I got to figure out some of the way to make money. I wasn't going to quit wrestling. That was my main goal in life. I wasn't going to quit that. So I had to figure out something else. I jumped online and started trying to sell stuff. I literally was going to desert industry and savers and buying garbage and then taking home and taking pictures of it selling on eBay. I tried, I can't even tell you how many things I tried to make money. Literally everything. Things kind of worked and some things didn't work at all. Eventually I started learning more about information marketing and about creating products and things like that. In fact, one of my very first products I ever created, some of you guys may have seen this before, it's called How to Make a Potato Gun. This is like my first, the first product I ever created from my mind and we created it, put it out there. The story is kind of funny. It was Spring Break and Spring Break happens right at the very end of wrestling season. All the wrestlers, all my buddies, they basically, Spring Break happened and they headed off to Vegas to go gamble and have a big party. I had just gotten married and my wife wasn't going to let me go party while she was working and supporting me. One of my buddies, same thing, he was also married and his wife wouldn't let him go. So me and him were sitting at home for a week, bored out of our minds where our wives were working and as any good college kids do, we're like, what should we do? Like, hey, we should make a potato gun. That started this whole crazy thing and we spent the next week going to Home Depot and buying pipes and gluing them together and going online and trying to figure out plans. We literally spent a whole week building all these potato guns and having a ton of fun with it. I remember the next Monday I went back to school and at the time I was learning about marketing online and how it worked. I was learning about, back then there was a website called Overture where you could type in a keyword and it showed you how many searches each month were happening. I was like, I wonder if anyone else besides me this weekend was looking for potato gun stuff. I typed it in and there was like 18,000 people a month searching for potato gun stuff and there were no products out there. I was like, light bulb, I'm going to go create a product. I called my buddy back up and I'm like, hey, I'll pay you $100 if you'll let me film us making this potato gun. He was like, I'll do it for free, man. I'm like, no, I'll pay you $100. We got this little handy cam and went to Home Depot and bought the product and glued it all together and ended up creating this DVD and this became one of my first products I ever sold. It was kind of a fun story. Again, I wasn't trying to be good at marketing. I was trying to make some money. This became the first product and I started creating more products and different information products and software products. I was making these little things and putting them out there. Back then, 10 years ago, when I was doing this, it was interesting because the landscape was way different than it is today. Today you've got Facebook and you've got YouTube and all these cool ways to drive traffic. Nowadays, it's way easier to drive traffic. Back then, there was no competition. That was one nice thing is that the one or two ways we had to drive traffic like Google, I was the only person selling potato gun plans. There was not many people doing things. It was really, really easy. Most of our sales processes were completely basic. We had, for our potato gun DVD, there was a sales letter that just said, hey, I want to learn how to shoot potato guns. Here's a DVD. It's $37. That was basically it with an order button and people would buy it. It worked. We drive traffic. I spent a dollar on advertising and I make $2 or $3 back. It was easy. That's all we did. It was so cool. We started evolving. People like me kept talking about how cool this was, how much money we were making. Everyone else was like, well, I can do that. Ten years later, there's millions of people all now competing, every market that you're in. These old websites that we had where we would just have a website and we'd drive, spend a dollar on advertising and make $2 or $3 back because all of a sudden now there were 10 or 20 or 100 people selling the same thing, we'd go and we'd spend a dollar on advertising and we'd lose $3. All of a sudden, it became very unprofitable. For a lot of you guys, especially if you're coming on the scene right now and you're stepping into the online marketing world, that's the landscape you just stepped into. You didn't have it easy. I had it where I just had to throw up a sales page and I would make it work. For us, it's been 10 years of trying to figure out how do I become profitable again? I can't keep spending a dollar and losing $3 very long before I'm broke. We started just testing and trying things and all sorts of things. I remember one day, one of my friends called me up and he was like, hey, Russell, we just added this thing to our sales letter. We had our sales letter and now somebody bought it on the next page. We put this page and it was like, hey, do you want to buy some more stuff? He said, I call this a special one-time offer. He said, I started doing this and he said, 20 to 30% of people who bought my first thing started buying the upsell. I was like, are you kidding me? That's a big deal. I went back and this is at the very beginning of it. It was funny because back then, you'd come to the sales page, you'd fill out your credit card information, then you'd go to the next page and it's like, hey, you want a special upsell? Put in your credit card information again. It was a horrible, clunky process. They'd re-put in the credit card information. Even with that, all of a sudden, we were getting 20 to 30% of people to buy these upsells. I made an upsell for my potato gun product and some of my software products and all the things I had to add these upsells. As you'll see when we go through this a little deeper, usually the upsell is more expensive than the front end product. Because my upsells are typically about three times as expensive as my first thing and because the third of the people were buying it, it doubled my income overnight. These ad campaigns where I'd spend a dollar and I'd break even or I'd lose some money, I had this little upsell all of a sudden became profitable. I was like, this is it. We're back in business again. We can do this again. We started doing that. Then again, other people started learning about it and more upset. Other people started doing it and all of a sudden, we stopped. The bounce went back the other way. We were spending money and we're losing money. So we had to figure out new ways. Like, well, we have an upsell. What if we added a downsell? What if we added an exit popper? What if we built an email sequence where we resold these people and we kept tweaking this process and adding more things and testing things? And it's been 10 years of that for me. Like I've become obsessed with it. You can ask my wife, it drives her crazy. We go anywhere and it's all I can talk about. I can think about it. And like in my, we'll be in our rooms laying in bed and I got a white, like, pad of paper on map and I'm like, what if we did this? And it's just, it's ridiculous at this point. But it's like so much fun for me. And so that's what's kind of cool. This book, the reason why I'm so proud of it is it's 10 years of my testing and tweaking and trying and me gambling my own money. There's so many marketing experts out there that drive me crazy because they spout off theory and they've heard this and they talk about this. This book, everything in this book I earned with my own money, like gambling my own money every single day and lost literally millions and millions of dollars by bad bets, bad gambles. And I've learned a lot. We made millions of dollars the other way. And so this is why I love this book so much is because it's like my heart and soul. It's everything that we've learned put in a format that gives you guys a blueprint that you can follow and kind of skip 10 years worth of trial in there and just be able to start where we're at now and kind of run with it.