In this social networking traffic video we are going to be looking at a really cool site that is very simple to use. It is straightforward. This won't be a long video but it will give you an idea of how quickly you can be getting traffic and quality traffic to your websites. If you go to Yahoo Answers you can either type it into your favourite search engine or you can go to literally it is http, there is no www.is just literally answers.yahu.com that is answers.yahu.com or go to Yahoo search engine and just type in Yahoo Answers and you will get this page. What this basically is is you can either post a question straight away so if you are having a problem with certain things you can post a question and it will get posted to a question list. Then there will be an answer network where you can share knowledge, you can help others, you can earn points and then there is a discover section. We are going to be focusing just on these to the moment, the ask and the answer. As you can see here there is a little rotation here of Yahoo Answers blog. It rotates between that and the best answers so far. There are questions that you can answer straight off the bat on the front page so people have got questions they are listing here which you can flick through and if you know and can provide a really good answer to them you can log in and give an answer. Why is that good? Well let's take this one look. What is the best gym equipment you can buy in the shops? Let's have a look at that. We go into there. If you are a fitness expert and you know a lot about gym equipment and you can answer this question and again you know only answer questions you can genuinely ask that you are incredible with and you basically will then hear answer a question. Why is that good? Well if you look at it here if somebody answers a question I am going to go into one that is resolved here. Does anyone have any good weight loss tips? I will just take a second and go back because I will hit the one category. Resolve questions. How might I get healthier? The best answer. See what happens as well is you can actually rate. I mean we have been rated on a couple of categories now we have been actually rated with the best answer which is great because it gives you more credibility. But if someone says to you ask the question and then you get given an up they rate you as an answer and the best rated answer is listed that person. Now if I click here on this particular person you have got them or add them to your contacts. You can save them. You can add them to your Yahoo. You can join the RSS feed and all sorts of things from this very page. Of course if you build up your reputation with answers and quality of answers it gives you a status as an expert and then you can start linking people through to your website so you can then get the traffic from there. So Yahoo Answers is a great way for you to build up a reputation in the market you know about. As you can see here this is the top level. There are just literally hundreds of different topics and categories so no doubt there is something in here that you would be of interest to you that you could quite happily answer questions on. So how do we go about it? Well first of all we just need to sign up. If you have a Yahoo email account already it's easy but otherwise it's easy to use to sign up. And on this page you basically have to put in your name, address, male or female, date of birth, where you live, post code goes on here as well. If you've already got an idea or email address for Yahoo again you can just sign in here otherwise you just go to the process here or fill out this information on this page, select an ID and password that or then you'll have a Yahoo account. An alternative email in case you need to get hold of your security question and answer. You just put in a code here of course to try and stop spamming people joining up and create an account. Or as I said you can sign in using your Yahoo ID which we're going to put in here now just to show you inside the site. Okay so once you've logged into an account all you need to do is go through and find different questions. Like for example someone here is saying help I've got broadband on two PCs can you help me so you can give someone an answer. Every time you give an answer your points score got up. Now I'm actually logged into my personal account here rather than our business account. As you can see this one's not been used very much it's only on 118 points. But you get points and go up the levels the more points you get which gives you a better rating within the site and people will trust you more and more as you go up the ratings. This is a great way to establish yourself as an expert and a niche and you can even then refer to this and even put campaigns on your blog. This is a great way of building traffic through basically making yourself known to be an expert. So that's all you need to do you literally open up a Yahoo mail account or you can just go straight to Yahoo answers and open account from there and then get inside and get stuck in starting to answer some questions. If you combine this then with something like the Yahoo toolbar which is available once you have a Yahoo account which then allow people to bookmark sites. You'll also get a situation where we'll show you another video of how to use Yahoo bookmarks where people can be bookmarking your site. You could be answering questions on your blog as well as within Yahoo answers and as I said this will build up your credibility in your particular niche. So that's it. How easy it is to use and to get the recognition but a great way to build up your reputation and obviously see more traffic from it. So that's how simple it is to be using Yahoo answers.