Then we started to do some real work and you know find out where the customers were coming from and who the customers were and narrow the demographics and match the offer to the demographics and then add telemarketers and then add differential pricing so it's $39.95 if you get Larry's team working with you but if you want Larry working with you it's $7,995 of course 20% of people take the $7,995 thing, 80% take the $3,995 thing. I've seen it again and again and again and again and so what's the barrier to price? Well the first barrier to price is you understand you set your own price. Competition doesn't set price, comparable people let it but competition doesn't set price, comparables don't set price, past experience doesn't set price. What your father sold stuff for when he ran the business doesn't set price. The most amount of money your father ever made in a year doesn't have anything to do with price. Nothing has to do with price except what you decide about what price ought to be and whether or not the marketplace will respond to it when it is put in front of that. When I came into the information products business, Nangale Konan was the gold standard of the business. Nangale Konan has a pricing formula, $10 a tape, $10 a CD now, forgive me. That's their belief about price and everybody else in the industry follow them because they are the gold standard so pretty much everybody selling stuff for $10 a CD as the standard. My first product it was awful and I didn't know squat but it was $30 a tape. Why? No ration, well I'll tell you why because I needed the $60. I mean I like, somebody asked me on the dinner break about the influential writing workshop, how did you come up with that price? Well actually he asked how do you justify the price which of course I don't but the answer to the question, well it's really up to you, you're buying it. But I mean how do you come up with the price? Well it's very simple, there's going to be 24 people in a group, I won't work for less than X amount of dollars for that amount of time, we divide the dollars I got to have by the 24 people, that's the price. Done have anything to do with, I could give a rat's patootie what this seminar sold for, that seminar sold for, this guy's doing anything for, none of that has to do with anything. You set your own price and only you, then you take it to market and guess what you will find. In most cases you will find that there is a market for almost every price. There are people paying $18,000 for a pair of shoes. I remember shortly before my father died I told him he asked how much I paid for the car, I just bought it and he said for that price, well he said something crude, he said for that price it ought to have a back porch and it ought to and I won't tell you the rest of what he said. But see that's his frame of what is and we all have things that to us what other people are paying for them is just ludicrous to us. So the shoe thing to me. But I mean I've paid $1,000 for a pair of shoes, but $18,000 for a pair of shoes. Handbags, women's handbags. I'll bet you guys don't even know. I'll bet you have no idea. It's a damn purse. I mean they're getting four, five, six thousand dollars for these things and they don't even have them locked in the glass cases anymore. That's the ordinary normal price stuff. That ain't even the good stuff under the counter. And there's a market for it. So price to market, there's a market for just about everything. So you decide your price. You take it to market and you resist all attempts by others to regulate your price. And of course the sickest thing, the sickest feeling is recognizing the fact that you've been underpricing and underselling all this time.