Well, what would run through most people's minds is of course all sorts of negative things. I don't believe it. There must be more to it than that. I could never get away with that with my product service customers market. We must be doing something unethical, illegal, criminal, deceptive, fraudulent, etc., etc., but all it really says is the 1100 was the wrong price. That's all it says. It doesn't say anything more than that, doesn't say anything less than that. It says the 1100 was a gross miscalculation of what the market would bear and what the market perceived the service as being worth. It doesn't say anything more than that, not more or less. It all says the 1100 price was wrong. And his example is not unusual. I have seen it and or engineered it again and again and again and again with those kind of multiples where somebody had so grossly undervalued what it is they were selling or underestimated their market. Years ago I had a guy in coaching, Larry McIntyre. I don't know what's come of Larry, but Larry was in coaching and Larry's business, most of you have heard me mention it, Larry's business was finding foreign brides, helping American men find foreign brides. And he came to the first coaching meeting and described the business and to give you a quick frame of reference, the business has been around forever. And if you open up USA Today on any one given day and look at the classifieds, you're going to say three or four ads, one of them is headline four and brides. You'll see three or four ads for these services. And most of them are really sort of in the list of business. They're pretty cheap, 30 bucks, 50 bucks, 500 bucks. They were taken. And basically they give the guy a list. And now he emails and starts corresponding and so forth. So Larry's business was a little more elaborate than that. He had ground troops on the ground in 35 countries screening the women, the women of course entered the database for free. In his case they had to speak some English. They had to be professed Christians. They had to pass a health test. And they had to be good looking. And so there's thousands and thousands of women in this database because they all want to get to the United States. And then the guy's paid. So Larry comes and describes the whole thing to us. And I didn't have to do it. Other people in the coaching group started it because his price at the time was $395. And for this he screened the guy. He got the guy into the database, starts the guy communicating. And then when the guy finds some he wants to go meet, Larry organizes trips and takes him over there and on and on and on. $395. And everybody in the coaching group went, are you out of your mind? I didn't even have to do it. LeGrand probably had the most effect on anybody. Ron you could have scraped off the ceiling when he was here. He's just screaming. I mean it's not like you're arranging a date here. This guy's looking for a wife. I mean this is like a big life decision here. It's $395. Surely they'll pay more than that. Larry says, well I compete with these other guys. So now comes the list. A lot of my customers are blue collar people. I compete with these guys who are on the highest price of anybody already. You'll hear that a lot. I'm already the highest priced guy. What does that have to do with anything? That's not a test of the market. So we fussed and fussed and fussed with Larry. And we finally convinced him to raise his price. So how much do you think I should raise the price by finally? And I'll test it. I said, well we don't have any real basis for making a decision here so let's do something easy. Let's just add a zero. And then we don't have to do any complicated math. So we'll just make a $3950. Oh customers are number two. No difference in conversions. Same story you heard this morning. No difference in conversions. Same number of leads turned into buyers. Nothing new added. Nothing changed. Just added a zero. Everything else to say.