They need to kind of back up and start here. They need to decide on what type of customer they want. And then they need to plant that decision, and pretty soon they'll start to attract those kinds of customers. And it really isn't much more complicated than that. The third thing that causes money to flow to you is really a pretty interesting one. It's ask. My friend Mark Victor Hansen, one of the things that I've observed, I think he's better at it than anybody. I've gotten better at it, but he is exceptional at this. He will ask anybody for anything. With no thought of reciprocity, no real reason why they should do it, no attempt to give them any reason to do it necessarily. He'll just ask them. And amazingly, a good percentage of the time, they give them what he asked for. And so most people don't get, because they don't ask. They don't like put it out there. And they don't place demands on everybody. And in the businesses we talked about earlier today, the coaching and consulting business, you have to get very good at placing demands on people. Because you really are going to need a lot of people to work for you. You need a lot of people to refer to you. You need people to multiply on your behalf. You need people to spread the word about you. You need people to comply. You've got to be really, really good at placing demands on people. The little clip out of the muse. She moves right from, I'm accepting you as my client, to sweet at the four seasons, on a high floor. Here's my dietary list. And oh, by the way, take the dry cleaning over there on your way there. He's her client. And don't chalk it up to, oh, it's a fictional funny movie. Don't look at it that way. Look at it like an unintentional sales training film for consultants. Because that's what it is. And so the placing of demands on people is a way to get greater control over them. Money moves to people who ask and place demands. That's who money moves to. Money does not move to people who wait for it or are timid or are patient or all of that. That's not how money moves. Money is attracted to people who ask and place demands. That means, by the way, you need to develop a system for this. You need to develop a process that you use repeatedly over and over and over and over again for asking people, for obligating people, for giving recognition for what they do, for rewarding them not necessarily, monetarily. And then they will continue to give you money. One of my earliest clients said to me, your fee is too low. And he said, don't raise mine. But raise everybody else's. Right? 1974. Best thing I ever heard, because he was right. And so your fee is too low. And people won't take you seriously because it is too low. Raise your fee. You'll be taken more seriously. So it's not just about get more money by raise fee. It's raise fee in order to convey the right message in order to get more money. There's more to it than just raising prices. Money moves because of all of these forces that you set in motion. And you set them in motion. The last big thing that makes money move is to act. So some people manage to get decisions paid, but then they don't ever really take the blow torch, cut the roof off, and two days later decide to make the damn car. Act with supreme and wholly unreasonable confidence. Start things with no idea of how the hell they're going to be completed or being ready to do that.