There's lots of ways to handle that when it happens. His was to say, you have asked a remarkably dumb question. And quite frankly, it's a giant waste of your opportunity to ask me a question, and it would be a giant waste of everybody else's time for me to answer it. Next question. Now, he's being paid a lot of money to be there. He could be concerned, you know, client, audience, word of mouth, and no concern about any of that. Not concerned that he irritates her, not concerned, you know. I spoke some years ago of a seminar where we did hot seats and I reduced a woman to tears. It wasn't my objective, by the way. I actually thought I was being rather gentle, but... Everybody's perceptions are different, you know. So she is out in the hallway crumpled up against a wall weeping with people consoling her. I don't do boot camps that much anymore, but should you have me speak, you might want to think twice about having me do a hot seat for people. But I was asked, you know, aren't you... I said, no. I mean, I feel bad for her, you know. It wasn't my intent to do it. But I don't care what she thinks about me, and I don't care about the people who think I'm evil and nasty because of what that... I don't care about any of that. What I care about is the people in the room who are giving me money, who are coming and buying things, and signing up for consulting appointments. I don't care about that. If she was going to reduce herself to tears over that, she wasn't going to give me any money anyway. And the four people out there spending their time consoling her and missing what's going on in the room, they weren't going to give me any money anyway. And the five that I magnetically attracted like there was no tomorrow, the reason I magnetically attracted them was for the same things I said that reduced her to tears. Had I been so gentle, I wouldn't have reduced her to tears. I wouldn't have attracted the five either. So I don't care. See, I don't care about... As a speaker, I never... I outlawed evaluation forms. I don't want them. I don't want to see them. Never did want to see them. Refused to let anybody I speak for use them for me. Why? Because I don't care. Don't you want to improve? No. I don't want to improve. No. No. Now, maybe I want to improve, but if I want to improve, here's what I'm going to do as a speaker. I'm going to go find somebody who's really, really good at selling from the platform, like Ronald Grand or Tommy Hopkins, and I'm going to ask them, and if necessary, pay them to evaluate me. Why? Because they're qualified to evaluate me. So their opinion I would value, even if it was critical. The 300 people in the room, they're qualified to do. They're qualified either to buy something or not buy something. That's what they're qualified to do at this point. And the only real evaluation is, who gave you money? Nice remarks, bad remarks on an evaluation form. See, that doesn't mean anything. It's free to fill out an evaluation form. What matters is to give you money. So the biggest thing you can do for yourself to be able to use all the mechanical things we're talking about is work on this one thing and one thing about your head. Understand that you are in the business of dispensing gold stars to people who need them in order to feel good about themselves. And by the way, it doesn't matter whether the CEOs of Fortune 500 companies, whether they make a million dollars a year, or whether they make 25,000, doesn't make any difference. They need gold stars from you in order to feel good about themselves. So you are in the business of dispensing them, but you have to be completely devoid of need for them. Because otherwise you spend all your time chasing the gold stars. Then you make all your decisions about the gold stars. And you worry about the decisions you're making and how they will affect whether or not you're going to get a gold star. That's no way to make choices about business. The way to make choices about business is by money. That's the biggest single thing you can do for yourself.