We are in a business of showing people ladders to climb. It's just very important that we refuse to climb any ladders. So we are in the business of encouraging behavior on the part of other people that we, as the superior beings, have to not engage in. And so the greatest attraction to money at all is being completely independent of the good opinion of others. It like liberates all the money to flow to you. Because all of the stuff you do that blocks money is all tied to trying to get the good opinions of other people. Why don't you charge more? Well, because people will criticize me, think less of me, they may not like me, somebody who needs my service may not be able to afford me. That's all about having the good opinion of others. Something we do to block money is about what other people will think of us. And what other people will think of us, largely those other people are the people who wouldn't give us money under any circumstances whatsoever. So it's about trying to get gold stars from other people. As soon as you decide you don't want or need any gold stars from anybody else and you do not care what they think of you and what it is that you do. And the only people you care about are the people who are voting with their wallets. You are liberated to do everything that attracts money to you. Until you are where Maslow described, you will make decisions about getting gold stars instead of getting money. You will make decisions about trying to please mom, mother-in-law, dead parent, neighbor, peer, peer group, peer association, employee, etc., etc., etc., rather than about getting money. As soon as none of your decisions have anything to do with getting gold stars, the good opinions of other people, then all of your decisions get made for profit reasons and everything else is out of the way. It's like the ultimate liberation and it's all in here. Trump, Sidney was telling me, and it's not the first time I've heard it from a New Yorker. Trump is like magnetic everywhere but in New York. The New Yorkers by and large dislike him intensely and universally say bad things about him. He's not really a draw in New York. I don't know it for fact but I would wager that the apprentice ratings are at their lowest in the New York market. There's the hard to be a profit in your homeland thing but it's more than that. For all of the reasons not to like people list, the New Yorkers many have decided not to like him for all of those reasons. If he had any concern about it whatsoever, it would color all of his decision making and be in his way. The representation of that is of course, well, the hair. I mean, he really does have enough money to fix it. The handling of the media, if there is ever a guy who is immune to criticism, he pays no attention. And so in his hometown, he is reviled. Everywhere else, he is celebrated and he is magnetic to money. He is not reviled by the people who invest money in the projects of his size or the people who wish to attach his name to their projects because it is in fact magnetic to money. And it is abundantly clear, purely from observation, that he could not care less about others' opinions of him, at least unless they are giving him money. When he spoke at Calors event, he did Q&A and that's risky with him by the way. His reputation precedes him. He has a reputation of, shall we say, being temperamental and honest. And so he did Q&A, 15 minutes of Q&A at the end. And I thought he was very gracious and genuinely attempting to be helpful to people except one poor woman. She asked a remarkably, remarkably dumb question.