So that's the first thing that makes money move, is people making decisions about what it is that they're going to do, and how they are going to do it, and when they are going to do it, and where they are going to do it. The second thing that causes money to move, is planting the decisions in the subconscious and then letting it do the work. Most of you by now have undoubtedly seen the much publicized and much promoted DVD thing, The Secret, which Oprah has adopted. I have many thoughts about it that we don't have time for tonight, but I will tell you that one of the most interesting things about it, how many of you have seen it? So everybody's seen it, everybody's heard about it. Hotest thing since sliced bread. One of the most interesting things about it to me is that it is an unacknowledged but unabashed and direct ripoff of Earl Nightingale's recording, The Stranger Secret, from 1960 something, to its core message being verbatim lifted from Earl Nightingale's The Stranger Secret, which is we become what we think about most. And it said in Earl Nightingale's recording, and it is said in this thing as well, and it is both true and false. The old joke about it is, if it's true, if we become what we think about most, I'm going to have a problem because in about another three hours I'm going to be a woman. So it's not exactly literal, right? What's unset about it should be, and neither the old message or the new message makes it very clear, is that it's not just about conscious thought, it's about subconscious thought. And so it's about what you plant subconsciously that the subconscious is now directed to work on. If you plant clear decisions in the subconscious, then in ways that we could spend days instead of minutes debating and talking about, but in ways that it's not important to understand, the subconscious goes to work to pull all the resources and opportunities and connections and stuff together in order to make it happen. I've seen it over and over and over again in my own life pretty much to the point that you can plant it and then you can know if it's properly planted that all sorts of things are going to start happening in order to make it turn into reality. Now again, since most people don't clearly decide these things, they can't actually plant them. But if you do, then attraction rather than pursuit, somebody asked me on a break, you did. Without, I'll do a simplified, broader version of what you said to me. He basically said, I'm getting all my business by chasing it. And I need to get a certain amount of business right now for continually for financial reasons. I can't really afford to take one step backward to take two steps forward, 90 days later. So I'm reluctant to stop the chasing. But how do I switch to attracting? Well, here's part of the answer, is that the chasing is a very conscious process. The attraction is actually a very subconscious process. It's decide, plant, let it come to you. Now again, salespeople, which he's a salesperson, I'm a salesperson, we're ingrained to chase. I mean, it's instinctive behavior. We do it all on a conscious level, we make all those decisions on a conscious level. The subconscious is a much more powerful entity when you clearly plant what you want in it. So the person who has a bunch of cheap customers who won't pay X for what it is that they want, for example,