I'm amazed at people who don't do it. I nag people to do it all the time. I nag myself to do it all the time. See in a business relationship, there is no casual phone conversation. The very definition of a business relationship precludes casual conversation. So there is no casual conversation. There's business conversation. That's what a business relationship is. So in the hallway, on the phone, if it's anything that has a tail to it, it ought to have a paper trail to it. Tail meaning it controls something that's supposed to happen, that he's supposed to do, that you're supposed to do, that you agreed to do, that he agreed to do, or it's ever likely to come up again. If it's got a tail, it ought to have a paper trail. Now that doesn't mean it's got to be a signed off on agreement. It just means that there's got somebody's got to memo somebody and since you can't rely on them to memo you, you got to memo them. Bill just confirming we talked on Tuesday and you said you were going to bear the cost of getting XYZ transcribed and I was going to take care of getting a photograph stopped. Not date, sign, return here. If this is what we agreed to, that's not necessary, but there's a written record and it's in a file. So now, six months from now, somebody doesn't remember it exactly the way the other one remembered it. Well, wait a minute. I got to memo. Okay, I memoed you on such and such a day. If there's a tail, there ought to be a paper trail. See, it's poetic. It should help you remember it. Number eight, don't steal clients from others. Bad idea. A very bad idea. I have from time to time, I have a very famous copywriter who's the best copywriter on the planet, but quite often the caveat is he never gets any copy written. And so I have on a fairly regularly occurring basis, unhappy clients of this particular copywriter coming to me looking for a new home. This guy's a friend of mine and he's been very good to me over the years. I don't want his clients. I never want a situation of him being irritated thinking I stole a client. And so in 10 years, I have taken one and I called him first. And I said, you know, the guy's here, he's pissed at you. I don't think you're ever going to get another dollar from him. You don't want to be stepping in front of his car. You know, I like to work with him. Do you want money? Do you want, you know, but I wouldn't do it without phone call. Jeff Paul, Jeff Paul and our friends. Ben Altadonna has migrated to me from Jeff. Ed O'Keefe has migrated to me from Jeff. In every instance, I called Jeff first. This guy wants to come over here. Ben called the very first time said he wanted a consulting day. I immediately called Jeff and I said, now here's what's going to happen. If I have a consulting day with Ben, Ben's going to want me to do some stuff for him. Some of that stuff I'm going to want to do. Me doing some of that stuff may get in the way of you doing some stuff with him. If you don't want me to take him, tell me now and I won't even do the day with him. Once I do the day with him, you can't ever be upset about anything else that happens with him because you should know I'm probably going to say yes to anything he wants me to do. Do you want me to take the day or do you not want me to take the day? Then I paper trail it. Just a reminder on such and such a day. I called you. We talked about Ben. You said have Adam. Dan. I don't want a year from now, two years from now, three years from now. I don't want any discrepancy. You don't want it either. Ninth thing, not on the overheads. Then we will take our two o'clock break. The most I didn't even get it. The big ethical issue for consultants, coaches, business opportunity marketers, etc. and the thing that gets in people's way more than anything else about making maximum money in any of these fields is how they feel about the people who they take money from who don't get any results.