You got to get or you will become emotionally ill in this business. You got to get that that is not your responsibility. You did not give birth to them. They will not visit you in the old folks home. It is not your responsibility to make them successful in any way, shape or form. And it is generally a bad idea to take that responsibility on either actually or emotionally. It is a practical matter by the way. You can't make them successful even if you wanted to and even if you tried. Every population resorts itself into 515-80. No matter what you go sleep with all of them on their couch, get up every morning, drag them out of bed, don't make any difference. I did that when I was 16, 17, 18 and 19 in the Amway business. I am telling you 515-80, don't make any difference. You can go over there, you can sit with them, you can make the phone calls with them, you can do the meeting form, you can recruit to 515-80, don't make any difference. So even if you wanted to go sleep on the couch with them, drag them out of bed, don't make any difference. So it is a practical matter, you can't make them successful anyway. So now you've got to decide sort of what is the ethical line in all of this. If you decide the ethical line is that a majority of people have to achieve some level of whatever you define his success in the use of your advice or stuff. You will still be emotionally sick because the majority won't. 515-80. The best you're going to get is 20. That's the best you're going to do. So if you define it as majority, you will be emotionally ill. What is unethical is if 100% is if 20% of them follow your instructions and do what it is that you tell them to do. And do as you ask. And none of them are able to be successful. If the thing or your advice is so inherently flawed that no one can do it. If the representation of what can be done is so far from reality that no one can do it, then that I would judge is unethical. Now the legal standard for all of this by the way is not a topic of conversation for this seminar but it's very different from what I just described to you. But fortunately it is rarely enforced. So you got to decide what your ethical standard is about all of this. I strongly tell you it can't be about a majority and it can't be about everybody. It is about a minority but it shouldn't be about zero. The thing should actually work. Now there's advertising license and even the Federal Trade Commission recognizes that without advertising license nobody could sell anything. So easy quick weight loss is easy quick weight loss only if you exercise four hours a day on the treadmill. So there's some room for advertising license in the promise but at some point you've stretched the privilege of advertising license to outright fraud. Only you can decide where that stretch starts to occur but you probably don't want to do it. So the thing should work for the person who really works it as you tell them to work it. Understand all the way back to yesterday's conversation there's wiggle room in that though because remember it's about their value not our value. So Guy increases his business by five percent that's not enough to make you happy but if that's enough to make him happy it works for him. All right let's take our two o'clock break and let's start back at 15 minutes past the hour. We got time for a few questions when we start back if you want to be at the table up at the beginning and we're going to talk next about how to get paid.