They invest in education for themselves. My Pete Fernandez story, here's how I met Pete, in case you didn't know. We're exhibiting it for General Cassette at the National Speaker's Association Convention, so we're in the exhibit hall. And we got a bunch of our base cassette programs up on the wall. I didn't know Fernandez from Adam. Pete walks up to the booth, he looks, says, you guys sell them? So yeah, Carlos in the booth, he ends Carlos, gold American Express card, he says, I want one of everything. Now he didn't ask how much is everything, how many are everything. He asked, enough, I want one of everything. I'll be back in about 10 minutes, run the charge and ship it to me. There's a reason Fernandez is successful. There's literally a closed loop. I mean, Bill and I were talking about it at lunch, we were actually joking about coming over and smacking you. Because, see, Tucker buys everything. At most events, while the speaker is speaking, Tucker's a tobacco room fillin' out the order form, right? The DVD, CD thing at this meeting, it's the first time you bought the CDs and you didn't buy the DV. So we were talking about... I know, I know. Yeah, it's that familiarity problem. But I mean, Tucker buys everything, right? Well, there's a closed loop between that. And I mean, it's horribly self-serving to say so, although you should say it to your people too, but because it is also true, right? So like the first indication, like in the old SuccessTrack seminars with Chiropractors and Dennis, I used to tell Foster all the time, I said, I can tell you by the time the seminar is over, who's got the worst car in the parking lot and who's got the best car in the parking lot? The guy that's got the best car in the parking lot is the one that bought first. The guy that's got the worst car in the parking lot is the guy that ain't buying at all. And they all walk out and follow him. You know, so one sort of behavior that evidences itself very quick is how they are about investing in themselves. Jim Rohn's line about, you know, poor people have big TVs, big people have big libraries. So you walk into somebody's house, I can tell you a lot about that house by whether or not there's any books. You know? And I mean, we have a friend right now who is frequently talking about becoming entrepreneur. Right? And I've said to Carlo on a number of occasions he's full of shit. Because walk around the house, where's the stuff he's studying? There's no books. You