Dan, what's the best model to implement paid-tell seminars into a coaching program? I'm not sure I understand the question. Is the question to start with paid-tell seminars and switch them to coaching? Is that the question? That's right. Oh, okay. Well, first of all, I'm not sure that that's what you want to do at all. However, well, let me give you an analogy. Well, first of all, you know, as I said today, I mean, the truth of the matter is there is no best model. There is a choice of models, one of which is best for a particular person in a particular market in a particular set of circumstances at a particular time and place. But I'll give you an analogy answer. Several box sellers, people who sell a kit, Rory started it, are having success with the kit being sold in three-monthly installment payments with free telecoaching during those three months. And then the telecoaching monthly charge is the same as was the installment for the kit. And so now the telecoaching continues has paid after the kit is paid off in the first three months with the charge uninterrupted. They're already used to seeing that charge on their credit card. And they're in telecoaching perpetually until it stops. So if you until they stop it. So if you use that as an analogy and you could make your tele seminars the same price as you wanted your coaching program to say you could essentially bring them in on a series of say three tele seminars on three particular topics that are priced at X and then really it seamlessly just moves into a continuing telecoaching program after that at the same price. Depending on where you're pulling them from though, there's really no good reason I can think of to actually put the tele seminars in front of just selling them directly into the coaching program. If you were going to front end the tele seminars to the profession has the front end offer. I only know one doing it. That doesn't mean it's not being done a lot. But if you were going to do it then you got then then you really get to sell the coaching program on the tele seminar. So the price of one to the other doesn't make any difference. If it's a series of three tele seminars, the bonus tele seminar might actually be the one where the coaching program is sold. You might have an application process and everybody on the tele seminar series is invited to apply for coaching. I don't know that there's any single answer to your question. But unless you're going to front end it, you may be being more convoluted than you need to be. Second question is how does a membership website work exactly? Beyond me, Bubba. Look, I had trouble getting a cup of coffee this morning. I have no earthly idea. Not the guy to ask. By all means start with Bill on a break and go from there. When you're entering a brand new field where you're not well known and your strategy upfront is controversy to draw the attention. Where do you draw a line so that you don't shoot yourself in the foot? An example would be I came from a fitness world going into the golf world and I'm creating a series of products of what your pro doesn't know. What your pro doesn't know about the golf swing. So it's going to obviously upset golf pros. So where do you not get in trouble and shoot yourself? Once you've crossed that line, I mean once they're mad and presumably they're not going to be cooperative with you anyway, I don't know that there's another line. I mean once you've crossed the first one, there's not much point in being subtle. I mean how mad can they get? At some point their heads explode or something I guess. I don't know but once you've crossed the line, if you're going to take the position that I'm going to show you the stuff that your golf pro who's been taking all that money from you all these years refuses to show you and doesn't actually know and couldn't show you if you wanted to, once you've crossed that line, I mean go as far as you want. Yeah, they're going to be aggravated. And it's a fairly reliable positioning path to go down. It does, you know, it precludes joint ventures with golf pros. You know, that's what it does.