The group delivery thing is of course the most time efficient has leverage in it, which one-on-one doesn't, because theoretically you can put as many on a call as you want or if you want them to have interaction, there's a number of programs that put them in groups. So there's buddies, there's six, eight, ten, twelve this hour, six, eight, ten, twelve the next hour, and it's like open lines. And so it really is like six, eight, ten, twelve people sitting around a table and having a mastermind meeting except they're all on the phone with you. There's delivery where you're doing all the delivery, you're doing the one-on-one calls, you're doing the group calls, you're whatever, there's delivery where you're using other people to do some of it, most of it, all of it. How to get paid more? Well number one, charge more. Secondly, select people who will give you more. I, the past three weeks I've had this conversation now twice with people who are customers who only pay X amount. I said then go get better customers. I mean it's that simple. Somewhere there's somebody, for the same amount of work you're doing and the same amount of expertise you got and the same information you're given. There's ten people somewhere who'll give you three times as much money because it's worth three times as much to them. Go find the people it's worth, you know, the most to. So charge more, select the clientele better. Number three, the third and the fourth, supply and demand and pent up demand, that helps push up price. So the way you get paid more is having fewer chairs than there are people who want them. Having an unlimited number of chairs and everybody knows it or having a lot of chairs and everybody knows it, that suppresses price. But if there's only five chairs up here and there's a hundred of you, these chairs become enormously valuable only because there's a hundred of you and five of these chairs. And so now the price for the chair goes up substantially. That's the principle of scalping tickets. The tickets are only worth $5,000 after 92,000 of the 92,400 seats have been sold at the regular prices. Now if you want to go to the Super Bowl there's only these handful of seats left. Well now price is no object because somewhere there's some net width who'll pay $50,000 to go to the Super Bowl. I mean so the last ticket is the most valuable ticket of all because there's only one seat and there's more people left who want it. So this is about manipulating the ratio of chairs to people visibly or through copy or through your application and enrollment process but they must see, if not physically in a room, they must see in their head that there are a lot less chairs than there are people who want them. They got to see it, they got to believe it, they got to understand it. So there's language you know about that. I mean and you've seen some of it, I mean okay we're setting this invitation out to 4,172 people. In order to be fair we're dropping it all the same time at 8.01 a.m. at the same post office. We've sent in all the FedExes on the same day. We've staggered the mail so we dropped everything from the furthest zip codes today, tomorrow we're dropping the next stuff, the next day we're dropping the next stuff and by the way there's only 14 spaces. So obviously with 4,182 people getting the invitations and there's only 14 spaces, they're going to be gone on and on and on and on. Do you think I'm beating it up too much? No. You beat it up a lot because I want them to get the picture. If they're not going to physically actually see it in the room, I want them to get the picture of five chairs, 4,182 people. Oh shit. And I'm in the back row, I better run. I may have to knock somebody down. That's the picture I want them to see. And so now the pipeline thing is sort of what we talked about here. I mean the ideal position to be in, well actually the ideal position to be in is not only to have a pipeline and pin up the band but to actually be reducing the number of chairs, not even keeping them static, because that creates panic buying. So like this year you'll find it in one of the samples that I gave you or that we get to or whatever because I shrunk my groups again this year so wheel out Platinum's to bid above the fee.