But, and you know, the one thing you don't want to do is pick that fight with people who have a lot of media, you know, because they got more ink than you got. But I don't see the second line. How would you ever incorporate a celebrity golfer in something like that, or is it just a lost cause? No, it's perfect for that. Again, I don't really want to have a long conversation about levels of usage, but there's, you know, there's the celebrity that you actually taught now who's been paying golf pros for 30 years, couldn't get a swing right and you fixed his swing and is willing to say so. That's it, like the furthest, highest, best, most utopian level of usage all the way down to the celebrity who's not going to say that, but is just going to say, you know, what someone so knows about golf swings, no pro I've ever worked with knows, or you know, is the most interesting stuff I've ever seen in 20 years of playing golf. And you got choices. I mean, obviously you got pro golfers and golfers are just one of the amateur tour and retired pro golfers from the senior tour and you know, you got those choices. I have a client in the commercial mortgage business, for example, who hired a fairly well known senior pro, senior tour pro to make two appearances a year at his client appreciation events and give him a photo and endorsement he can use and all that stuff and he's paying the guy 20 grand. So that's like the bargain of the century. But you have other choices. See you have a baseball player who plays a lot of golf, a football player who plays a lot of golf, a Hollywood celebrity who plays a lot of golf, a food network chef who plays a lot of golf, you know, you're not limited to pro golfers with that story. So let's take an actual example. So let's take Robert Wagner, who loves golf and plays in the celebrity program once a year. Wagner is going to cost you 100 Gs. And you're going to get picture and you're going to get at least some kind of statement. I don't think he'd care about offending golf pros. So the statement could be offensive to golf pros wouldn't make any difference. Get your picture taken with them, get a little video clip of you showing him something about his golf game. You actually can improve his golf game. That would be big because Bob Betts on golf, on his golf game. So if you actually could improve his golf game, that would be big. So you take a picture, shoot a little video, shoot a little audio, you got to do it all one day, pay him 100 grand for the year, you could probably get him tomorrow. You don't want to spend 100. Now you got to start shopping, right? But somewhere there might be somebody who works for you who you could get for 10 or for 15 or for 20. Now you're not going to get Tiger Woods, you know, and you're not going to get Phil Mickelson, and you're not going to, you know, but there's a lot of choices who could work for that pitch and be interesting for that pitch. Thank you. Dr. Paul. Dan, a couple things just from this weekend you talked about that kind of struck me. When was the 515-85 deal that you talked about? It's actually 515-80 I think, but that's... I think whatever it was. You have my medicine off at this late today. Black asleep. But at any event, one of the things I wanted to ask you, there are kind of two different things that I want you to know about. I want you to calculate how much you pay me, now how much you charge me. I don't care how much you pay you, because I make way more than you get. But in terms of reorganizing a group, what traits or qualities do you think sort of stand out with those that become the 5% that get stuff done? Because I've heard you talk about people saying, well, I really don't want to work, and I could tell it disgust you because I know you work a lot, and I know you get a lot of joy out of your work. But what exactly is it that you've noticed over the years in the 5% that you say, you know, and we used to do it in chiropractic, you go to chiropractic school, you say, we know that person or that person is going to make it. You know the first quarter. What is it that you've seen in your group with different individuals that have... Okay, you've expanded it to a different question. See, if you're asking me if I can give you a predictive criteria of winners versus losers, I can't. Nobody's ever been able to do it, and anybody who claims to be able to do it is full of crap. Because the exceptions are so profound, they are the rule. If they weren't, you know, nobody from the ghetto would ever go to college and become a doctor, nobody, you know. So trying to create a predictive model is, in my opinion, ludicrous, right? Now, if you're asking how... Give an exposure to them, can you judge some commonalities? Yeah. Yeah, more than that. I mean, look, they are the... Bill and I were talking about it at lunch, right? So first of all, this is the most self-serving of all commonalities I can tell you. But the first commonality is they buy.