And nine bid above the fee the highest of which was $71,000 for a 30 some odd thousand dollar membership Now I wound up not taking the extra money But I could have I could have And so because they saw it There's many people they're all gonna want those chairs. There's only so many chairs shit I want to chair worse than that guy. I also got faxes of Why I should take Charlie instead of Bill You know and here's the 17 bad things Bill said about you in a restroom that you didn't know about And and and here's why bills are schmuck and here's this and here's that and you should take me instead I got some of that stuff which actually was entertaining more than it was anything else but But That's when you know you got it right Right is when they're fighting Over the chairs now pent up demand is about pipelining So it's about your ascension ladder narrowing enough that you always have more trying to move up than you got spaces for them to move up into So there's either a waiting list or when you periodically announce Open enrollment if you will Days for this program. There's a virtual stampede to get it And that's what you want to work on Bundled goods and services levels and the ascension ladder Here's the best thing. Here's the most important thing you want to know about all that There's always 20% Who will buy the premium version of whatever is being offered if it makes any sense at all There's 20% who will buy the premium version of what is being offered purely because it's the premium version. That's what they do They will ascend to the next thing that is shown to them on the ladder because that's what they do So therefore not offering a Premium version of whatever it is that you are offering not offering another step on the ladder Means you are leaving you are letting 20% of the people give you less money Then they would love to give you if you offered them a reason to give it to you that made any sense Now sometimes that may be okay Your whole base may not be big enough to justify putting another step on the ladder yet You may not want to do the work of two levels or three levels or four levels You may not want to bundle more stuff in whatever but you got to know That you are leaving the money from 20% of whatever population you are working with behind Who would cheerfully and gladly give you more if they could and now as soon as you've reshuffled them once and Oh, and now there's a bunch of people at this level and a bunch of people as soon as you've done it There's 20% again who would buy the premium premium version of Your doohickey if you offered them a premium premium premium version of their doohickey So two years ago with platinum So platinum I think two years ago was 16,000 a year 18,000 you are forget which And limited to 18 members and so how do I get some more money out of these guys? Well, I'm doing phone calls for my VIP groups anyway. I can fit a few more phone calls into the two days I'm doing a VIP group so I did platinum plus give me another four thousand bucks a year And you can have a phone call on the same because phone calls won't include but you can have phone calls on the same day The gold VIP guys are in phone calls. So I don't know. I think I had five guys who moved to platinum plus. I mean You know So there's always they're always ready to do it. They're always ready to buy the premium version It's just a question of whether or not you want to offer it to them, but know that if you do not You're leaving money behind and remember about ladders. We talked about it very early Everybody's conditioned to climb the ladder. You just got showed to them Okay, and they'll climb the ladder payment arrangements well I've been all over the place on this over the years still vary it depending on the program and you know I've done the I Don't want to screw around with payments at all And I only want to screw around credit cards write me a check or they'll be in a group I've done that I've done payments. I've done three payments. I've done six pay I've done 50% now and 50% after the first of the year when we actually start I think you got to figure that out based on who you are selling to