Mr. Russell Brunson! Alright, alright! How are you guys feeling? I am so insanely excited for this moment to be here with you guys and this is, for me and for our team, this is something we dreamt about but didn't think was possible when we started. Last night we had a dinner with some of our inner circle and some of the certified partners and I kind of talked a little bit about this with them about how when we got started with this whole idea, it wasn't to try to create a movement, it wasn't try to, I mean we had an idea for a software product and it's been amazing to see the evolution of that and to see what you guys have all done with this tool. We've watched as hundreds and thousands of you people have gone and taken it and then taken your unique skills, talents, hobbies, your things that you're the most amazing on the world and transforms people's lives and it's been so exciting to watch and we're gonna see it from this side and it's so much fun to come here and actually spend time with you guys and meet you all and it's just awesome. So I'm grateful to be here. We've got such an amazing team. We are almost at 100 employees here at ClickFunnels now which is crazy. There's 100 people serving you guys night and day and I don't think our employees, our staff are anything like normal people. Most of them, they love this stuff as much as all of us and they're eating, drinking and breathing it 24 hours a day and hopefully you guys feel that when you're communicating with our team and our staff and everything. But really quick before I get started on my presentation, I wanted to bring two people on stage that, you know, I get a lot of the credit because I'm the guy on stage, they jumping around excited all the time but without these two people, none of this would have been possible. You know, I'm just grateful, I have a chance to be the one that gets to talk about all the time and but it was, man, almost three and a half years ago when we were in Boise, Idaho in this little tiny office that we had and we were sitting in front of a white board and we were mapping out like, what if we created something that wasn't just like another little thing but something that was big and I was scared because I'm like, man, I've tried to create big things before and it didn't work and I don't know if it's even possible. We started sketching out and started mapping out ideas and initially on that couch was one of my best friends in the whole world and one of my co-founders and partners in ClickFunnels and I'll introduce me in a second but he was the brains behind how to build it and so I'm sketching out like, what if we did this and he's like, oh yeah, we can do that. I'm like, really? What if we did this? He's like, yeah, and yeah, and I mapped out like my wish list of what I would want in a tool, probably the same wish list that you guys all would have had, right? And I was like, you know, right now it takes me, I've got, I don't know, 12 people doing this. If we could create software that would make it simple, they could do this. How amazing that would be. And so we sat there on this little couch mapping some things out. I posted a picture on Facebook in the group about a week ago. I found a picture from the night that we were mapping out ClickFunnels. I don't know how many of you guys saw that picture and we were mapping it out and then afterwards he flew home and started doing what, what the smart guys do doesn't make sense to me. And I started getting excited about selling this thing and it began. So the first person I want to introduce up to the stage is my partner, my best friends in the whole world, Todd Dickerson. Give him a round of applause. Stand up and give him a round of applause. So he was one that built everything that you guys love and that makes all of us money, but more importantly, it gets our ability to get our message out to the world. And after Todd had been building it for probably six or so months, we were in an event and we were sitting there trying to think like, how are we going to, like he showed it to me and it was like, functionally, it was amazing, but it looked pretty ugly. And he's like, well, I'm not really a designer. We need like a UI person. And I was like, well, I know this guy. I've worked in the lot over the last six or seven years and he's the best in the world. But he's really hard to get a hold of. And, but like, he's the best ever. And so that night we were in a hotel room in San Francisco, wasn't it? Center San Francisco hotel room. And it was like three in the morning, we're like trying to figure out who we can get to help build this. And all of a sudden on Skype, the guy popped up his name and I was like, God, Dylan's here. So I messaged him. I'm like, hey, man, what are you doing? And he messes me back. And within a 30 minute conversation, we convinced him the next week to fly to Boise. He came flew to Boise. We sat down and Dylan built the initial UI for ClickFunnels UI and everything, kind of the initial editors that we launched in our first beta. How many of us were there during the very first beta? You guys are still here. That's awesome. The first beta was awesome, but it wasn't quite perfect. And we literally launched the first beta and we got a bunch of people signing up and we're really excited. And then and Dylan, we didn't talk to him for five or six months because he had he helped us with the UI, then he disappeared. And then he came out during our launch and he's like, Hey, man, just you know, I've been working on this thing on the side and it's really cool. And he sent me a set ton I a video of it. And I think I watched that video 1000 on loop replay. And I was so mad because I was like, I hated ClickFunnels because what he had created was this editor where you could drag and drop and move things and you could build anything you wanted. And I watched it and I watched it and I said to Todd and watched it and finally I was like two in the morning, I called my dude, I hate ClickFunnels now we have to have this right. That's Dylan's right. But so we called Dylan up the next day and we begged him and we pleaded with him. And after hours of begging, he finally agreed to partner with us. Next day he jumped into the plane flew out. And during our beta launch, Todd and Dylan spent two weeks trying to figure out how to glue these two things together into what became ClickFunnels. So if you guys like the editor version one or version two or anything amazing, it's all Dylan Jones is the man that built that. So let's all stand up and give a huge round of applause for Dylan Jones. Anyway, these are like the silent heroes behind our community. I wanted them on stage. You guys know who they are, you're aware of what they've done because their contribution, none of this would have been even remotely possible if it wasn't for them. And they're just the most amazing people in the world. And since then we've got teams of people and you'll get to meet a bunch of the other ones as we go. But it was these guys that were pulling all nighters every night for almost a year probably during this process. And they're still doing it all the time to bring you guys ClickFunnels. You want to say anything you guys? We just appreciate everything you guys do too. It's amazing what you guys have done, taken our tool and just done things we never even dreamed possible. It's awesome. All right, guys, let's give them a round of applause. You've been released if you want. Next year, they're both speaking for two hours each. It's going to be. That's the fun. All right. Okay, so the next 90 minutes or so I want to share with you guys something that I am super excited for is something that I've been geeking out with for the last 18 months or so. And if you guys who follow me on Snapchat, you may have watched this process 18 months ago, I started writing this book and we were writing I was writing going through it and last summer or last summer and a half ago, whenever it was, I was at a family vacation, it was two in the morning, I was working on the book and I sat there and I was like, this book is good. I didn't put out, I didn't try, I didn't want to write a good book. That wasn't the point of this. I wanted to write a great book. And so on Snapchat, I highlighted all 240 pages of the book. Who saw this, by the way? A couple of guys and then I deleted it. And I started over because I was like, it was good, it wasn't right. And so the next almost 12 months of my life has been consumed with like this concept of how we grow companies and how we grow businesses, right? Like there's the technical and how we build funnels and things like that. But the funnel is just part of it, right? Like it's the process of bringing somebody through, but there's so much more that goes behind the scenes that most people don't ever talk about. And how do we harness that and understand it? And it's become really fun. And so that became the book. And I said the book is now the publisher, it's the editing, everything's done, it's getting printed and the actual launch date for the book is April 18th, which is exciting. And two weeks ago, I had 50 of our inner circle members come to Boise for a special three day program we created called the FAT event. Who was at the FAT event? All right, cool. So FAT stands for Funnel Hackathon, F-H-A-T. And we did this FAT event because I wanted, I was so excited, I was like, I got to tell everybody about this book. And so we did a three day event going through the book and teaching it. And it was the first time I ever talked about it publicly. And it was so exciting. And so as I was preparing this event, I was like, I share with everybody, like I'm too excited not to. So this is the subtitle of the book. The book is called Expert Secrets, but it's how to create a mass movement of people who will pay for your advice. And that's what we're going to be talking about. So when I first got started in this business, my very first mentor, his name is Mark Joyner. And I remember at the time, it was back when there's a whole bunch of really crazy things happening if people were making money. Back then was when AdSense was this huge thing. Who here was online during the AdSense days? So the way the AdSense worked is you would throw up a garbage website. And your goal, you didn't get paid, you got paid and people left the website. So the uglier you made it, the better. And that was like the whole business. They had software that you could go and you click a button, you could create 1000 websites in a day. And so people would build farms of people just cranking out these ugly, horrible websites. And they're making $20, $30, $40,000 a day to some of the people just cranking through. And I was like, I want in on that. And Mark was my mentor, he was like, no, it's a flash in the pan, it's going to go away. You need to focus on building a list, building an audience. That's what will last. And I'm like, no, man, like, these guys are making like 30 grand a day, clicking buttons, making ugly sites. Like, this is the cool. And he's like, no, it's like any kid forcing me to focus on building a list, building an audience. And, and fortunately for me, I listened to him. And I had friends who were making $100,000 a month and beyond in this AdSense thing. And overnight, it disappeared. Most of those guys are no longer in this industry, the most of them are back to corporate world doing that kind of thing. Because it was a flash in the pan. I would focus on this one thing, building a mass movement, building people, building audiences. And, and it and I look at, I look at the last, man, almost 14 years now, that I've been doing this. And I've had some huge ups and downs. In fact, tomorrow night, I'm gonna, it's gonna be story time with Russell. And I'm just going to tell you guys about all my failures. So you guys will quit. Okay, with that, gonna get really vulnerable, really nervous. I'm just walking us through because I want you guys to understand like, we always talk about the upside, right? But I want you guys to see the downside. I'm gonna share a lot of those failures. You kind of see that that side of the story. But what got me through every one of those things was this was an audience and understanding funnels. And so that's what I really want to focus on this first session is this, helping us understand that. So what it doesn't matter what you're selling, you know, some people, and I was talking to some people, why so e-commerce products? Like, this, this doesn't matter for me, but it does. If you look at the big e-commerce brands, we have a big mass movement, they can do 1000 times more than ones who are selling one off products on Amazon, ones, the twosies, right? If you build a mass movement in any business, any industry, whatever you're doing, like it is the key to having huge success. Okay, so as I was going through this, ever since I deleted the book last summer, and I was like, okay, what are the, like, what are the core things that most mass movements have? And I started like going through a huge study period, which was super fun. I was going through studying all sorts of stuff from, from religious leaders to cult leaders and everything in between. And what was interesting, as I was going through all these different people and studying and looking at all these things, I was taking notes on all these books. And I started like, I was circling things based on different things I saw. And pretty quick, after reading a whole bunch of stuff, I saw that there were basically three things in every single one of these mass movements that were, that were there, every single one of them. Okay, and it didn't matter if you were looking at the most evil, corrupt, horrible movement in the planet, you know, in the history of the world, someone like Hitler, Hitler had all of these three things that I'm talking about. They were in his mass movement. And you look on the other side, you look at Christianity, you look at Christ, you look at the person who I believe is the greatest of us all. You look at the movement that he created, they had him as well. And I started looking at that pattern, you look at that pattern over and over and over again, any mass movement, online, offline, business, religion, sports, everything, they had the same things. And as soon as I started looking at that, I started seeing the pattern, what's cool about a pattern is after you recognize it, then you can start replicating and you can start figuring out what happened and why did it work and what can I do to like, engineer that to make it work better. And so this is kind of what we came up with. And this is what I saw, these three things. Every single mass movement had these three things. Number one, was some type of charismatic leader or attractive character. Number two, each of them had a cause that was a future based cause, something happening in the future, that their movement was looking towards and looking forward to. And the third thing is every one of these leaders provided their followers a new opportunity. I call this a vehicle of change. So I'm going to walk through all three of these things during this presentation so you can understand the intricacies in each of them, because if you understand them, you understand what the pattern looks like, then you can take that and you can do things based on it. So the very first one to talk about is the charismatic leader. Now if you've read the dot com secrets book, I talk a lot about a concept we call the attractive character, right? This is kind of taking that to the next level. As I was doing the research, I read a really cool article by Kevin Kelly. It takes like three clicks to get this to go forward. I got to remember that. All right. How many of you guys have read the article, a thousand true fans? Not too many of you guys. This is one to write down. I know Ken's read it. All right. So a thousand true fans. So I stumbled upon this article a little while ago. Tim Ferris wrote about it in his most recent book, the Titans book. And in this article, he wrote in 2008. And this is what it said in the article. He said that a creator such as an artist, a musician, a photographer, a craftsperson, performer, animator, designer, video maker, author, or in other words, anyone producing works of art. It kind of covers all of us, right? How many guys realize what you're creating is the work of art, right? So it covers all of us. So any of us, he says that anybody trying to produce a work of art only needs to acquire only a thousand true fans to make a living. Now he defines that a true fan is defined as someone who will purchase anything and everything you produce. They will drive 200 miles to see you sing. They will buy the super deluxe high res, high box, or high res box version of your stuff, even though they have low res version. They have Google alert set for your name. They bookmark your eBay pages when your Outer Print edition show up. They come to your opening. They have you sign their copies. They buy your shirts. They buy your mugs, their hats. They can't wait to next issue you work. They are true fans. How many of you guys would say that you guys are true fans of ClickFunnels? Yeah. How many of you guys are wearing some funnel swag right now? Okay. But this is the goal. And what's interesting, I started looking at it. I was like, that's not impossible, right? So what I just think about, I got to build this with 100,000 people or a million people, things like that. Like that seems overwhelming. But if I can connect and if I can legitimately change and have effect on 1000 people, 1000 true fans, like that's how we become free, where you can do your art, you can give your gift out to the world, and you have to worry about all the other stuff. And so that became kind of the initial premise as we were going through this with attractive characters, realize that the goal of that is to get 1000 true fans. And then when you hit 1000, it'll start bleeding over and it'll continue to grow. But that's kind of the initial, that's where that's where it all begins at. Okay. Excuse me. Now the next thing I want to talk about is, I feel like in every one of our lives, we go through this cycle. Third, fourth, fifth, come on. All right. All right. So we go through this cycle during our, our life where first we're just us, right? And everything's good, we're happy, and then something happens, right? And we get excited about a topic. How many of you remember when you got excited about whatever it is you teach or sell or do right now? Okay. And so you go through this phase typically of growth, personal growth, where you're like, man, this is awesome. You start reading, you start studying, you start learning, and you start consuming all sorts of information, right? You become a student. I remember the first time I heard Tony Robbins speak, he said he got into personal development, got excited, and he read like 700 books in the next year and learned everything he could. And then he was like, there's like, I can't keep growing. Like I got everything. I felt the same way. For those guys who have been to our office, you see my library, like I went through this phase when I got into the marketing and everything. I was like, this is the most amazing thing in the world. I started reading book after book and course and CDs and like, I went obsessed. I spent hundreds of thousands of dollars in a very short period of time getting obsessed with it. And after a while, like, you can only grow so much as a human being. And then you the only way for you to continue to grow at a certain point is not by reading another book or going to another seminar or doing another training, like, you can't physically grow any more than that. The only way for you to continue to grow is when you take that growth, everything you've learned, you become and you start sharing it with other people. Like contribution is how you continue to grow. There's a point that doesn't matter how smart you get, you cannot physically continue to grow until you transition from growth to contribution. Okay, me sitting in my office, I can make cool funnels, make good websites and make money. That's awesome. But only for me personally, as a human to grow, was to get you guys here and share my message with you guys. And guess what happens? I've been watching this with all the guys. I share my message with some of you guys, you take that, you take the software, you take the tool, you go out there and how many people do you affect? Thousands, tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of people that I can never affect. And so for me to grow, it's through you guys now. Do you understand that? It's the same thing for you. Like, you can keep growing, keep geeking out, keep learning your topic, but until you're willing to open up and share it with other people, like you're not, like you can't continue to grow until you're giving that gift to other people. And that's how you start to grow long term is through the growth of other people. And when I understood that, that's when this became such a mission for me where I was just like, God, this is so cool. And, and I wanted to build a following of people I wanted to grow that way. Now, one thing a lot of people tell me when I talk about this is like, that's cool, Russell, but guess what? I'm scared of being that person. Right? How many of you guys, if you're on stage right now, in front of everybody, really scared? How many of you guys think I'd be the coolest thing in the planet? Okay, I get both sides of that. I get really scared and I get really excited. But I got a really good message from my buddy, Garrett White, who he wanted to leave a message with you guys about that if you are nervous, because at first, you're not going to be very good. And that's okay. So this is what Garrett has to tell you. So first off, understand, no matter what you try in the beginning, it's going to suck because you suck. But you'll get better and you'll suck less. As you keep doing this, and eventually you'll suck less so little that you'll actually be good. But just surrender to the fact that you're going to suck. Alright. Preparing you guys for Thursday morning when Garrett and his wife are here. Alright. So that's important to understand. At first, you're all going to suck. I sucked. I still get super nervous. Like I was freaking out the last three days, you can ask any of my staff or my team, like I've been more nervous than anyone. Okay. And at first, you're not going to be very good. And that's okay. You have to be okay with that. But the way you become good is what is doing it, putting your voice out there, trying, testing. Okay. That's why I tell people you should be Snapchatting and Facebook all these things because not that you're initially going to affect a lot of other people, but initially you're going to find your voice. Last year's event was all about that. Like how do you find your voice? How do you get that out there? And the more you do it, the more comfortable you get. I was going to show you guys a really embarrassing video of me from four years ago, but I sided against it because I wanted to keep my posturing. But four years ago, I was scared to death to talk directly into the camera. I showed some of my inner circle members this one of our events. I was scared to death. I was doing a JV video and I was looking at the floor because I didn't dare to look at the camera. That's four years ago. That's how nervous I was. But I feel comfortable now because I do it over and over and over again. You become who you need to be. All right. So I want to walk through this attractive character stuff because I know we talk about in the Doc Ops Secret Book. We talked about a lot, but there's some core things that I want you guys to understand because it's the key to getting out there and being okay and being vulnerable and letting people into your world. So when you do that, that's how you get people to want to follow you. Okay. It's the key. Again, every one of these, every one of these mass movements started with this, with the attractive character. So here's some of the elements that are important. The first thing is you as the attractive character, you have to live the life of your audience, which is they could live. Okay. People are looking at you because they want to become like you. Okay. You think about actors and actresses and all these things like that's a big part of it. Okay. My wife, I know she drives her crazy that I share stuff on Snapchat all the time and do stuff. Why do I do that? I want people to see inside of my life. Not that you're going to do a weird crap that I do. Right. Most of you guys probably don't want to cry us on your house. Am I guessing? Maybe you do. I don't know. But I want to show, she does. But I want to show something because like this is the lifestyle that this has afforded me. I want to show a glimpse to my audience. Like this is what I'm able to do because of this. And I show that because I want people to, I want them to bond with me and be attracted to me. Okay. So for you guys, it's the same thing. Like you have to live the life that your people would like to live and then you share it. Right. I was watching this morning, Kailin right here. You guys are here from her later on this afternoon. She was up at five o'clock this morning working out in the gym and her lady boss women are all freaking out with her like waking up because she's waking up. Okay. We were talking about yesterday. They dress like her now. They buy the same stuff. They want to become like her. And so they wouldn't be able to do that if she didn't, she wasn't willing to share herself with their audience. And she opens those things up and people see it and say, man, I want to be like Kailin. She inspires me. If I could be like her, God, I'd be the greatest thing in the world. And so even though it's scary, it's important for us to open those things up and share with people because when they see that, they're going to want to become like you. And that's what's going to get them to be interesting enough to follow you. Okay. And it's a scary thing. I promise you, I get scared at every time I snap to them. I'm like, how should I share this? But I'm like, I want people to see like this, what life can be like if they just do it, if they're just willing to take that step. Okay. For most of us, I know there's this thing, right? This, it's like the, you can see a little bit ahead of you, but it's dark. And I'm hoping that by me showing stuff that you're like, I don't know what's there, but I saw Russell take that step. Let me just take it. And you step there and also you're like, you see a little bit further and you're like, oh, cool. And you see a little bit further. And that's what I want to do when I'm trying to inspire those things. It's the same thing for your audiences as well. You've got to be willing to share those things. Okay. Next thing here is you as the attractive character, you have to maintain absolute certainty. Satema, who's going to be speaking tomorrow to you guys, one of the coolest people I know, he was one of our inner circle events. And he said, he said, how many of you guys here have self confidence? And everyone's like, I got self confidence. He said, self confidence is for kids. Do you understand that? And we're all like, oh, and you meet him. There he is right there. And I was like, do you want to stand up real quick to see why I was so scared? And look at this guy. You said self confidence for kids. He said, if you're going to be a leader, you have to maintain absolute certainty. In every situation, the person with the most certainty will always win in a negotiation and a sell situation, everything, whoever has the most certainty always wins. If you want to be an absolute, if you want to be an attractive character, you can't speak. Oh, yeah, things are good. Like, you have to be completely certain in what you do and what you teach and who you are, even if you don't always feel certain sometimes, you have to maintain absolute certainty. That's what people will follow you and be attracted to that. The next thing is you cannot break the cardinal rule. You cannot be boring. Okay. This is one of the biggest things people like, yeah, I did, I did your webinar thing Russell, I tried it, but nobody bought. So I watched it. I'm like, God, like you're so boring. Like, I'm sorry, but like, you have to be excited about what you're talking about, or they're not going to be excited. You cannot be boring. Okay. And there's a lot, and we're going to talk after lunch, I'm going to talk about story and a bunch of other really cool things that'll help you with that. You have to understand, if you are boring, nobody's going to want to listen to you. No one's going to want to follow you. Okay. And even if normally life, if you are kind of boring, that's okay. Like, I'm not that exciting in real life. Okay. Like, when I go home at night, my wife and I hang out with our kids, people are like, so what do you do? Like for fun, I'm like, we hang out and we, our kids, then we put them to bed, then we go to bed. Like that's it. Okay. But when I'm here, I've got to be exciting. I got to be excited about what you're talking about. If you guys aren't excited, nobody else is going to be. Okay. You got to be exciting. Next thing here, this is a little graph I invented. I'm pretty sure I invented this. I'm going to take credit for it anyway. I call it the prolific index. Okay. So when you're teaching and you're sharing with people, there's, if you understand this, this process right now, is you have to be in the prolific zones. This is how it works. In the middle there, this is called the mainstream. This is the stuff you get inside of school. Have you guys been to school? All right. This is all the stuff you learn there. Okay. Nobody will give you any money for that. Okay. You guys understand that? If you're in the fitness market, you're teaching the four food groups or the food pyramid or whatever it is today, nobody's going to pay you because that stuff's free at school. Okay. So that's the, that's mainstream. Everyone in your business is there's mainstream stuff, right? If you teach in mainstream, no one's going to give you any money. No one's going to pay attention. Then if you go all the way to the side over here, there's this zone I call the crazy zone. Okay. And if you're in the crazy zone, you'll get one or two people to listen, but the masses will not follow you. Okay. If I come back to the weight loss example again, how many of you guys have ever seen the documentary Eat the Sun? Are we the only ones? Come on. All right. A couple of you guys will admit it. Anthony's seen. All right. So this is actually a really good documentary about these Indian tribes who they look at the sun to eat. And these people have not eaten food supposedly for like 20 years. Okay. Now, if I was selling that as a weight loss program, eatthesunsecrets.com, and you're going to come like, this is how it works guys. You're going to look at the sun every day. And that's it. No eating. I'm doing an event this weekend for $2,000 on Teach You Guys How To Eat the Sun. Who's in? Right. They make, are you kidding me? You guys are nuts though. You're crazy. Okay. There's no money in these saying either. So somewhere between like the mainstream of the four food groups and the crazy stuff over here, there's a sweet spot in the middle. It's called the prolific zone. Okay. You look at all the successful people in your market. This is where they're at. They're in the middle. I look at the weight loss issue. I look at Dave Asper is a good example. Right. He said, what if you took butter and put it in your coffee and you drank it and you lose weight? And you're like, that's kind of crazy. But butter sounds really good. Maybe I'll try it. And you're like, ah, if you try it, you're like, oh, I feel good. And then boom. He's built a huge company off of that. Supplement line, company, events, like clothing, like a whole bunch of stuff off of that. Okay. So for you, you got to figure out where is it. If you're here in the middle, nobody's going to listen to you. You're over here. One crazy guy will listen to you, but he doesn't have much money. The guy's in the middle. This is where the business is at. This is where you build a massive movement of people. Okay. And if people aren't following you, you're probably hanging out over here, over here. You got to be willing to step out of your comfort zone and figure out that spot in the prolific zone. And when you find that, that's where your message will start resonating people. And sometimes it's hard to figure that out. Like, what is that at first? Okay. That's what we talk about again is like consistently doing stuff and putting things out there. Okay. Anthony, when we launched biohacking secrets with him, we didn't know what stuff was going to take. And so eventually, the very first I was like, okay, do a Facebook live every single day. How many of you guys have seen Anthony's Facebook lives? A bunch of you guys? I was like, he's all these weird like laser things and hooks to his head and like light up on my, do all the weird stuff. So he had all these lasers on and he was booming stuff. And it was somewhere over here because nobody really cared. Everyone's like, why is he got lasers in his nose? Like, his nose is glowing. But it's weird. And like no one really paid that attention. And we every day he was doing Facebook live, though. So he did one over here and they did one over here and they didn't over here. And like, he was trying all sorts of different messages. And then one day he did a video that was called how to biohack your vegetables and landed somewhere in here within a week. He had 2.3 million views on that video. Like, oh, that's what they want. We should do more of that. You don't know that though, you're putting a lot of stuff out there and trying and testing it. What do people want? What do they want? And they'll tell you. You'll find out what people get excited for and they do more of that. Okay. And that's how you find out where you are in the spectrum and what your message actually is. Okay. Next thing is if you want to be an attractive character, you have to care a lot. How many of you guys know how much I care about your success? I hope you guys realize that. I was up this morning answering Voxers from Inner Circle people while I was getting ready for this event. Like, I care a lot about you guys' success. That's what keeps me up at night. That's why I'm writing books instead of relaxing on the beach like you're supposed to do, right? Because I care a lot. And I hope that you guys care a lot as well. People can tell that. It's kind of cliche. The whole caring thing can be. But it's like, if you understand that, that is important. And if you really care about your audience, they feel that. They know that. They understand that. And it's a big piece of it. All right. Next thing we'll talk about. And this is a key that as I was going through the book, became such a big, like, glaring hole for most people. And as I started understanding this, I thought I just wanted to show this to everybody because this is key. The last thing is here, as an attractive character, you have to create your own market. And notice I use the word there create. A lot of people say, hey, you need this business, go pick a niche. Okay, if you pick a niche, you've already failed. You're not picking a niche, not picking a market. You are creating a market if you want to be successful. Okay. So let me explain how this whole thing works. So back in the day, maybe, I don't know, 100 years ago, right? There were only three markets. These were the three markets, health, wealth and relationships. That was it. That was it. And that's the core right now today. But almost every business you can think of fits into one of those three markets. Okay, now the first dudes along the line, they had it really, really easy. They're like, hey, I'm the health guy, I'm gonna teach you how to get healthy. And everyone's like, dude, that guy's gonna teach me how to get healthy. And they gave a bunch of money, he was rich. It was easy, right? And then the wealth guy's like, hey, I can get you wealthy and never gave him money. And then that was easy. And then the relationship was like, I can fix your relationships. And soon there were three guys making a whole bunch of money, right? And then what happened? Everyone's like, well, I'm healthy too. That guy's making money. I'll teach you how to be healthy too. And suddenly there were two guys teaching about how to get healthy. And the next guy's like, I want in on that. And there's next guy. And soon there was 10, 20, 30, 50, 100 people, all teaching how to get healthy, all teaching these things, right? And all of a sudden, what happened? We shifted, these guys shifted from, initially they had, we call, the clicker will work, praying. They started in a blue ocean, they were the only ones. They were fishing, fishing out the water, making a bunch of money. And the people started jumping in, and those waters got bloody. Soon there were 10, 20, 100, 1000 people, all competing for the exact same customers. And it got harder, right? First time I met Tony Robbins, he told me, he said, look, when I started my business, there were three channels, NBC, CBS and ABC. So I was on every channel every single day, and we had the entire world. And then what happened is split and media got, there's cable, all sorts of stuff. And other people are jumping in, it got harder and harder and harder. And soon he finds, he found himself in a red ocean. We all find ourselves in this spot, right? And so what do we do? Well, one, we become better marketers and we start getting, we're doing better than everybody else. But that's hard. It's hard to sustain and people keep coming and coming and it gets bigger and bigger and bigger. Okay? How many guys, you look in your market and you're like, man, I'm sitting in the middle of a red ocean, we're fighting, we're fighting for customers with everybody else. How many of us fill that right now? Okay? That's where most people are at. So it comes back to like, well, how do I, if you've read the book Red Ocean, Blue Ocean, like, how do I get that? How do I go into a blue ocean where I'm the only dude fishing because I want all those fish, right? Who wants all those fish? Much better way to do. So if you look at that, initially it started with just the three markets, then the next shift, it came like this, where the three markets all split into submarkets. Okay? People started specializing. They're like, okay, cool. Inside of wealth, I'm the investing dude or I am the finance person. I do real estate flipping or I teach sales, right? They all started like niching within, within their market, right? So wealth broke into whole bunch of submarkets and then relationship broken into submarkets and then health broken into submarkets. And for a while, it was awesome because like everyone's like, hey, I'm the sales dude. This is my spot. Don't touch it. This is my blue ocean. Leave me alone. I'm the real estate guy. This is my ocean. Leave me alone. And then all these people have their blue oceans again, everything was good. They're all making a bunch of money. But then what happened when the real estate guys is like, why flip houses too? I want some of that. It jumps in. And next guy jumps in and all of a sudden, all these become bloody, right? And it's different blue to red again. And so right now we're in an advanced market for all of us, right? Most of these markets were not the first ones into it. And so what you have to do is you have to look at this and figure out, okay, I'm in the wealth market inside of that. I'm in internet marketing inside of that. Like where, where do I fit in this ecosystem? Okay, every market has an ecosystem and I can come in there and be like, cool, they're doing that. I'm gonna do the same thing. I almost feel like when we first started this company, we talked about funnel hacking, and everyone's like, cool, they just like, that guy's doing that. I'm doing the same thing. Then I started funnel hacking. I'm like, no, that's not what I was saying. I was saying funnel hack the process, understand what they're doing. But if you want to be successful, if you want to grow companies beyond like, you know, $100,000 a year and beyond to a million to 10 million to 100 million beyond, like, it comes with you not, not just jumping in and like copying someone or funnel hacking them, it's coming into like, understanding their process, but creating your own market that's new. How do you create your own? And so what I do when I came into this is I look at this, okay, here's the three sub markets, excuse me, here's the three markets, and this is the sub market, then here's the ecosystem, here's all the other people. There's a guy selling Truth About Abs, a guy selling how to, how to do squats, a guy's talking about how to raise your testosterone. I'm looking at all these different people, right? And I'm like, where do I fit? What can I create that's unique that becomes my little blue ocean inside this market? Okay. And that's the question you should ask yourself. If you can figure out what your blue ocean is inside of this thing, then you own it. And what will happen when you get to all the simple talk about light throughout the weekend is it comes to like, how to drive traffic, how to do all these things. You're no longer competing for everybody else's customers. Suddenly someone can buy yours and someone else's. Suddenly you come, all your competitors become partners. Like everything, like it changes the entire landscape when you realize that. And so I look at that like, where do I fit in this ecosystem? Where can I be unique? Where can I carve out my own blue ocean where it's just me and I'm the only one? Okay. And that's the key. Okay. And the book goes through, I wish I could spend like a whole day just on this part because it's so important. I need the book to go deeper, but that's, that's the key, you guys, is the attractive character. Okay. You can be an attractive character in Red Ocean, a whole bunch of other people and it's tough. You can carve out your own spot where you're the only person and it's your thing becomes really, really easy. Okay. All right. So that's step number one here in creating a mass movement is the attractive character. All right. Now as we move on to number two, in creating the mass movement is creating the cause. Okay. Every one of these movements that I study, they all had a cause. And one interesting thing, it wasn't a cause like what they're doing today. It was a future-based cause. Okay. Something future is going to be happening and that's why you should follow me. Like something cool over here. You should come and check it out. Okay. And so I'm going to kind of walk through this a couple of things. But before I do want to ask you guys, this will help me set this up. How many of you guys are members of the CrossFit Cult? I get this thing to change. All right. How many of you guys are CrossFit Cult members? Come on. There's more CrossFitters than that in here, right? All right. I, what is it? They're the ones who are like, oh, my legs hurt. I was up this morning at three. All right. I got a quick video to show you guys about the CrossFit Cult. So I says to her, I says, okay, before you go farther, why are you talking like this? CrossFitters coming through. Oh, come on. You're so sweaty. Yeah. We just got back from the box. Hard wad, hard bod. I just hit 6,000 burpees and I feel great. Whoa. Dude, that is not okay. Sorry, I'm making a smoothie. That's fine. It's paleo. I don't care. I'm not saying things. I'm never going to make this. I don't care. Well, I don't care that you don't care. First rule of CrossFit. Always talk about CrossFit. CrossFit's not just an exercise. It's a cult. I mean way of life. Did you say it's a cult? Yo, M, spot me. One foot at Instagram, two photos to Instagram. Can you give me three photos to Instagram? Can't you guys just exercise without showing off? Nope. Facebook tweeted reddit. Oh, Jesus, they're everywhere. Merk, kettlebell swings. Go. Love the pain. The pain is your only friend. Angel yourself. You guys seem really sick and hurt. I'm fine. It's fine. Stop, guys. Guys, stop. This is disturbing. I respect that you have this new hobby you're really excited about, but you don't have to let it change your personalities. Wrong. CrossFit is not a hobby. It's a cult. You said it's a cult. Yeah, you said cult again. No, it's a hobby. This is the second time you've said it's a cult. 50 penalty burpees trap. The floor is covered in vomit. I'm not okay. Sam, what are you doing? I don't know. There's just so much social pressure and you'll crossfit. But that doesn't mean you have to do it. It's actually a pretty good workout. You should try some time. Not you too. CrossFit. All right. So, the first time I saw that video, I was dying, laughing, and then I came back to the office and we started making this joke. And then the joke spread to the inner circle. And now I want all of you guys in on this joke as well. So, the goal of what we're trying to do, we're trying to create a culture of people who will follow you and listen to you and buy from you over and over again. So, if you guys hear me talk about building a culture, that's what we're talking about. All right? Like the CrossFit cult. We're the funnel hacking culture. And actually, we've got a gift for you guys, not today. I think tomorrow, maybe the next day, we're going to be giving you guys the t-shirt like this. It says funnel hacking. It's a cult. I mean, way of life. So, that's the gift you guys will all get for hanging out with us. Then you'll be officially part of our culture. And the back says hashtag is the cult. So, let's start using that everybody. If you're talking about funnel hacking, I want to make sure we use that. Okay. All right. So, when we're building a culture of people who are going to follow us and listen to us and become part of our movement, right? What are some things? So, the first step to think about is we have to ask any good movement, we need to create something that other people can put their hope and their faith into. Okay. Again, think back to any mass movement in the history of time. And as I started looking through this, it was in the middle of the elections, and the elections were nuts this year. But it was interesting. So, I was writing this chapter, like in the heat of this whole thing, when everybody was fighting and going crazy and trying to kill each other. And I was like, I don't even care. As long as I can keep selling stuff, I'm good. And I'm watching this. I started looking at like the campaign slogans between the candidates at first. And I was like, interesting. And then I started looking back through time, through history. And I was like, looking at, in fact, you can Google and look at all the campaign slogans of every presidential candidate from the very beginning. And I started looking at some interesting things. So, the first thing, this was George Bush when he was going against Bill Clinton. So, George Bush, his motto for his thing was a proud tradition. Okay. What's that? It's very like now, very present-based. Okay, he was going against Bill Clinton, guess what his was? It's time to change America, the future. This is where we're going, guys. Let's change this thing. Who won? Okay, he brought people to the future. Okay, John McCain, country first. I'm in the present. All right, who cares? Not me. He didn't win. Okay, what did Bill Barack Obama say? Change. Over here, guys. This is in the future. Come on. We're changing this thing. Let's go. Interesting, huh? What did Hillary say? Okay, fighting for us. I'm with her. These were her slogans. Okay. We had Trump. What was his? Make America great again. Over here. Come on. This is the future. Now, I'm not saying that that's why they won, but I think it's why they won. I don't follow politics that close, but I don't know. It's interesting. And when I get to the third thing, talking about a new opportunity, it ties in this as well. Like the people that are winning are the people that offer a new opportunity. It's really, really interesting. Whether you care who won or not, it doesn't matter to me, but it's interesting when you start looking at this throughout time. The interesting thing is like consistently what won almost every time is the same thing. It was change, change, change. Most of your people guess what they want in their life. Change. That's what people are following you for. They want something different. They want a future, a bright future. That's what you're creating. So when we started creating this movement, I didn't think through these things initially, but as we started doing it, some cool things started. As you guys know, the theme for this event is that you're just one funnel away. Now, as I started working on the selves message to get you guys all to come hang out with me here, initially started with Dan Usher made this video, which was amazing. And he sent me the video. I watched it like 40 times. I was like getting chills every time. Like this is so cool. And I was like, okay, I put the video on a page and click funnels. I was like, what's the headline? I wrote, I'm thinking through a bunch of things. I got my swipe files out. I'm looking at all these Gary Halbert swipe files and he had your one cells that are away from being rich. And I was like, that's cool. Like that's the theme of the event. I wrote, you're one funnel away from being rich. And I was like, seems so like shallow to me. I was like, I guess some people want to get rich. And that's like cool. That's kind of shallow. I'm like, okay, well, what do our people want? I'm like, well, they're one funnel away from, you know, most of our people have a message like, well, the one fun way of getting their message out to the world. I was like, well, that's cool too. But like, that's not everybody. Everyone's got different purposes, different reasons, right? And some of you guys are like, well, one funnel away from firing your boss, one funnel away from saving, you know, from saving your family, everyone had a different purpose. And I kept rewriting the headline like 50 times. Finally, I deleted the end of it. I clicked delete. I'm sitting and thinking about the next thing to write. I looked up and I saw this. I saw, here's one funnel away. And I had a dot, dot, dot. I was like, that's it. Like for us, like that's it, right? And then the next day after we launched, I saw somebody post in the Facebook group and they said, I was about to give up because I've been trying this thing for a long time. And I just, I was frustrated. I was ready to be done. And then Russell sent out the email today, the subject line was your one funnel away. And he was speaking to me. Because I know that this one hasn't worked, this one hasn't worked. I know that there's just one, like if I get that one funnel, it'll change everything. And that's for all of you guys. Like no matter where you are, some of you guys are new. You're at the start-up phase. Like one funnel will change everything for you. Some of you guys are beyond the start phase. So you have good stuff happening, but you're trying to get the next level. You're trying to serve more people. You're trying to do whatever it is. Like you're one funnel away from that. Like I said, tomorrow I'm going to do story time. I'm going to walk you guys through the ups and the downs. Three times I've almost gone bankrupt since I started this company, my companies. And all three times it was a funnel that got me out of it every single time. And so it's not something to just cliche or remade up, but it's true. And I believe it with my heart. And so that's what we put out there. And you guys are here. Your proof that that was a good message. And so for all of you guys, you need to have something similar. When we did the FAT event with the Inner Circle members two weeks ago, that's one thing I said. I said, look, pretend like you're running for the president of the United States for your mass movement. Like what's your slogan? What are you campaigning on? Why should people follow you? You need to have that. This is my campaign. Every one of my videos, and I try to sign off, like you're one funnel away. Every email, you're one funnel away. Like this is my future-based cause. I want everybody to understand and become part of. Because if you believe that, you're coming where we're going. Okay. So all you guys, you got to have that. Think through that. If you were running for president today, what would be your campaign slogan? What would get your people fired up to come follow you? Okay. You got to think through that. All right. The second thing here is you have to help your audience break their four-minute mile. Now, I'm going to tell you guys the story before. In 1954, Roger Bannister broke what everybody thought was impossible. The four minute mile. Like it wasn't possible. It wasn't supposed to happen. Right? And he did it. And then what happened after he did it? People saw it was possible. And they're like, dang, he did it. I can do it. Okay. And for me, I had a similar experience. I wrote the date down this morning. So I won't forget. August 17th, 2004 was the day that the four-minute mile was broken for me. I would just got into this business. I was selling potato guns. I was selling zip brand or for those who remember that, I was selling all these little things I had created and trying to make some money. And I was happy. My goal when I got started was $1,000 a month. If I could make $1,000 a month, that's it. I'll be free. My wife and I can go on dates. We could get a nice car. $1,000 a month would change our life. Excuse me. And that was my entire goal going into this business. And we were at a family reunion in August. And our family reunion was a place called Bear Lake, Idaho. It's on the border of Utah and Idaho. And my family goes every single year. So my wife and I drove down there. And my family got out there and were hanging out. And in Bear Lake at the time, they didn't have internet access. This is pretty cell phones, pretty Wi-Fi. There's no internet access. And I had launched my company. I had six customers at the time. And I was stressing out the whole time, what if one of them emails me? I got to make sure that my six customers, I got to take care of my precious little customers. They're mine. And so after four or five days down the lake, I was freaking out. I told Collette, I was like, okay, I got to go find some work to check my email. So we asked around and find that there's one place in all of Bear Lake that has internet. And it's the public library. And so one day I drove down there. They dropped me off the public library. And I walk in. And I walk in there. And there's like two computers. And there's chairs. And there's a line of people behind each of them. And there's a sign that says like 10 minute limit. I'm like, oh crap. I'm waiting in line, waiting. And the person's off. I go, next one, waiting. I'm waiting. Find this my turn. So I jump in. And the computer, I sit down. And I start, I start checking my email. My email address at the time was moneyforcollegeatjuno.com. So I logged into Juno. I'm downloading my emails. And this email popped in. And it said, subject line was something like, we did it. I was like, did what? And I click on this. And there's an email from John Reese. And John at the time, I had heard about this. He was launching a new course called Traffic Secrets during that week when I was gone. And so I kind of knew a little bit that he was this big internet famous guru guy. And I didn't know anything else other than that. I got his email, I opened it. And an email, he explained, he said, look guys, we launched Traffic Secrets earlier today. And he's like, he sort of broke down. He said, 18 hours, we had sold a thousand copies at $1,000. So that means we made a million dollars in just 18 hours. I remember sitting there, like everything around me just got quiet. And I sat back in my chair, and I was like, you made a million dollars in a day. My goal was $1,000 a month. This guy made a million dollars in a day. I didn't know that was even possible, but he did it. I was like, that's my goal. I don't want to make a million dollars a day, but I want to make a million dollars. I started in the math. He had a thousand dollar course. He sold a thousand copies. Like what if I created a course with a thousand dollars? I sold three a day. Like if in a year, I'd make a million dollars in a year. And it became so clear, so crystal clear to me that it was possible that it became real for me. I could taste it. And if you ask most of the internet guys nowadays that were around then, that was the moment for them when they believed I was going to make a million dollars. I went back and afterwards I started working. I was like, I'm going to make a million dollars. I'm going to make it. It wasn't even in my radar prior to that. And I was like, I'm going to make a million dollars. I'm going to make a million dollars. I started going out there. And the first year I went for it, I didn't make a million dollars. I was shy of like a hundred and something thousand dollars. But I almost made a million dollars that year. Next year I tried again. I was shy of like 50, 60,000. I didn't make it two years in a row. And I was like, John did it. I can do this. I have to do it. And the third year, the third try, we did it. We broke it. I think we did it in $1.2 million that year. And I was like, God, we did it. But for me, the reason why I was able to do that, the reason why I'm here in front of you guys today is because John broke the four-minute mile for me. And for me, as soon as he did, I was like, I can do that. I think it's possible for me. And so for us, and some of you guys know this, later on tomorrow we're giving away these awards. But we wanted to do this for inside of Quickphones. I was like, what's the equivalent for us of a four-minute mile? Like, what can we give people to give them a goal to shoot after? And I thought, well, if you have a funnel that makes a million dollars, that's pretty cool. And so first thing I went through all my funnels, I think we had like 16 or 17 funnels that we had that I had done that made a million dollars. And I was like, that's cool. And I was like, I wonder inside of QuickFunnels how many have made over a million dollars. And so I had Dave and Tracy, some of the guys go through all the stats and pull everything out. And at the time, I was expecting we had maybe a dozen people that made a million dollars in the funnel. And anyway, Dave got the report back and messaged me, he's like, dude, we've had over 50 people that made over a million dollars so far. So are you kidding me? We started to think deeper and deeper. And I think tomorrow we are going to be delivering. So this is called, we decided to call it a two comma club award. In a million dollars, there's two commas. I was a little slow, took me a minute to figure it out. The two comma clubs means a million dollars. And so for you guys, every single time you have a funnel that makes over a million dollars, we're going to send you one of these amazing trophies to put on your wall. Is that exciting? It turned out so cool, huh? Now, the coolest thing though is like, we brought these all here. And I would say probably two thirds of those people that got that are here tonight today. In fact, on the tags, if you look at the tags as two comma club, that means that person has a funnel that's made over a million dollars. So you should ask them questions number one. But number two, we're going to bring them on stage and we're going to show we're going to give these to them. Because I want all of you guys who aren't here yet to see that and realize that it's not just Russell. It's not just a couple of people. Almost a hundred of your peers have already done it. The four minute mile has been broken. I want every single one of you guys that this is your goal, is at least one of these. And hopefully one a year, hopefully two a year and to keep going on. Because every time you get a funnel, break some million dollars and send you another one. I want all of your offices lined with two comma club awards. That's my goal for you guys. Okay, so for you guys, you got to think back into your business, like what is it? What's the result that your people want that they're dreaming about and desire like if I can have that, that'd be the greatest thing in the world. Okay, and then create something that gives them the ability to aspire to go towards that. Okay, help them break the four minute mile. All right. Number three, this is one that kind of happened accidentally as well for us, but it's super important. Your audience, your tribe, your people, your culture that are following you, help them to self-identify who they are. Now, I didn't know this initially until when we were first we're growing click funnels and I, we called the webinar funnel hackers initially. So we had these funnel hacker shirts made up for ourselves. And then we were trying to get people that were joining click funnels. We had a lot of people joining and someone would leave and we're like, how do we get these people to stay? We started surveying. We found out the people that left. The reason why most of them left is because they didn't actually use the software. So I'm like, how do we bribe people to actually use the software? So I'm sure most of you guys have been through this process, but like, when you come in, there's a video of me saying, hey, if you watch a 12 minute demo video, I'm going to ship you this t-shirt for free. How many of you saw the video? We just have the t-shirt. Okay. So we started doing that. And you're doing these, you have to watch a video that we send you this t-shirt that says funnel hacker. So we started doing that and instantly our churn like dropped in half. Like, holy crap, that was a good idea. And then we started shipping out shirts, a lot of shirts. I think we're shipping out thousands of shirts a week right now, which is awesome. And but it gets expensive. And so like every few months, our team's like, well, should we keep doing this? And it's funny because after the first batch, we shipped out like 10,000 shirts, which look at the math, I mean, the shirts are, I mean, nine, 10 bucks a piece. I mean, it was over 100 grand and just like shirts and like, is this worth doing? And about the time, some guy messaged me on Facebook. It was really interesting. He said, you know what Russell was like, I joined ClickFunnels like a year ago. And I've never used it ever. But a week after I signed up, you sent me this shirt. It's like, it's my favorite shirt. I wear it every single day. And I'm never going to cancel my ClickFunnels account because I want to be part of this. I was like, that is so interesting. Like, huh, how cool is that? And I was like, this is so cool because then people self, how many guys identify like I'm a funnel hacker, how many guys feel that? Like that's the thing that you are. Like for me, like it's big, that's part of my identity now. And I want everyone having that inside of our culture is like, this is part of your identity. And then last year before the event started, we had ideas for like 10 different t-shirt names and all of them are like cool t-shirts and stuff. And with everybody kind of vote on it. And the one that won by like 10x versus all the other ones was this one, I built funnels. And same thing, people identify like, how many guys identify like I built funnels. That's what I do. I'm a funnel builder. So you start doing stuff that you can get people to self identify with you, with your movement. Okay. And so I always like say that people like, well, how do I know what I'm creating? And I'm always like, if it fits on a t-shirt, then that means you figure this one out right. Okay. So if they can wear t-shirts saying, I'm a funnel hacker, I built funnels, I something, if they can say that, then that's the right thing. I think all you guys should have t-shirts for your audience. It's the coolest thing in the world. Never in your t-shirts. Which is why we're giving you guys a bunch of t-shirts this weekend. So I want you guys all wearing them. But helping people self identify is a big piece of that. All right. Number four. This is a, there's a longer explanation inside of the book. But I'll kind of go through this. I call this the title Liberty. And there's a story in a, for those who are Mormons of the audience, Mormon theology, there's a story in the Book of Mormon that's important to me. And regardless of religious beliefs, it's still an important lesson. And so there's a guy, his name was Captain Moroni. And he was leading an army of people to a war that he should not have won. In fact, his people were coming and they're attacking this place and, and like they're getting destroyed so much so that his own army was like, we can't win. And they started leaving going to enemy lines. Like, I'm going to get killed. I might as well be on the winning side. And his people started leaving him. He was like, what do I do? How do I save these people from themselves? Like, we're trying to win this war. We're, we're the good guys. Like, what do we do? And so what he did is he stood up there on stage in front of his people. And then I, when I pitched this in my head, I pitched her, um, you know, this is a movie Braveheart, where Mel Gibson runs with the thing and is saying freedom. Like, I vision this. He took his coat and he ripped his coat and on the coat he wrote, in memory of our God, our lives, our, uh, our freedom. And I don't know exactly, just say exactly, he wrote that on, on his coat, put it on his pole and started running through and telling people like, this is why we're fighting. This is why we're doing what we do. And people stood up and they followed him and they went into this war. They shouldn't have won and they won because people had that thing. Okay. And so for everyone, like your audience should have that like a title of liberty, something, you know, some people call the manifesto. Some people call it like whatever there's something that people can rally behind and say, yes, this is who we are. This is where we're going. This is what we're doing. This is why we're part of this. So I want to show you guys some of you guys probably know a little bit behind the scenes. So, uh, last year about this time, I had a crazy idea after watching a reality show, which is like the worst time to have like good ideas. Um, because then it was, uh, it was actually, uh, uh, flip, was it, um, Chip and Joanne games. What's that show called flip fixer up or fixer up or yes. So we're watching fixer up of my wife and I, and next day we're driving the car and I was like, I want my own reality show. How cool would that be? And I was like, wait, what if we did have our own reality show? That'd be a great idea. Right. And I was like, we could film us like working with entrepreneurs, taking their businesses and flipping them just like on the show and then like show before and after be so cool. So I messaged Brandon who's here somewhere, does our video stuff and like, Hey, would you want to do a reality show? He's like, heck yeah. I'm like, all right, dude, we're doing a reality show, which was like probably like not the smartest thing. And then we jumped right in, in true Russell fashion and just launched a reality show. So we filmed eight episodes. The first one's completely done and we'll probably be showing it to you guys within about a week or two. And then we've got eight episodes coming back to back to back. They're amazing. But I want to show you guys the intro of the show for two reasons. One to get you guys fired up out when the show comes live. But number two, because this is my title, Liberty, this is my stand for our people. There are also a bunch of things that are happening here. If you look at the, the, the graphic, right? I'm introducing the, the attractive character, the charismatic leader. I'm identifying the movement. We're taking a stand. Who are we and who are we not? We're trying to divide that line very clear to people. No, this is who we are. This is who we're not. This is where we're going. This is what we're fighting against. This is what we're collectively trying to do as a group, as a culture of people. And so that's what this video is about. And if you guys like this, I need you to put your binders down at the end and stand up and go crazy. It'll make Brandon feel really good because it, I'm really proud of it. All right. So you guys promise you like it, jump up and go crazy at the end. You guys ready? All right, here we go. My name is Russell Brunson and I'm part of an underground group of entrepreneurs that you've probably never even heard of before. We don't rely on cash from venture capitalists to get started and we don't even have goals to go public either. In fact, our motivation is the exact opposite. You see, we have products and services and things that we know change people's lives. Because we're fighting against the big brands, people with literally unlimited budgets, we have to do things differently. We have to do things smarter. We don't have financial safety nets because every test we take is with our own money. We have to be profitable from day number one. So how do we do that? How is that even possible? If you ask the MBAs or look at your college textbooks, they will tell you that what we are doing is impossible to get us happening every single day. And it's happening through an art and a science that we call funnel hacking. It's not really something that I can explain to you, it's something I have to show you. These stories are a glimpse of entrepreneurs just like you. You have a dream and a vision. You want to change the world in their own little way. I use the funnel hacking process to help make their dreams become a reality. Yes, we are funnel hackers and these are our stories. Yeah, yeah! So cool. So excited. I am so excited to show this to you guys. Who wants to stop and watch episode one right now? Alright, episode one is about Anthony and biohacking secrets. Anyway, I am so excited to share with you guys. But not today, soon. And yes, when I was writing the script, I did steal the last line from Law & Order. So, I don't know. That shows them pretty well over the decades. I thought I might as well use it. Alright. Okay, so last number two. Number one, what we talked about is the charismatic leader becoming that person you need to be to lead people. Number two is the cause, the future-based cause, that inspires people to follow you to go somewhere. And number three, this is one of the coolest parts. And when I realized this, like this was for me, like when I got this piece, was the key. In fact, when I got it, I was sitting in a little car in Kenya and my wife had just fallen asleep and I'm reading this book and I have a little pen and I'm taking notes. We're on this like, bum, be a road on my, scribbling on my, trying to underline stuff. And also I was like, oh my gosh, they all have this. This was like, that was the third, I got that. It was like, that's it. This is the thing to understand. Okay, and it's the new opportunity. Okay, now, I hope I do this justice. If you understand this, this is like the key to your as a success. This is the difference between a business making $100,000 a year and a business making $100 million a year is this, if you understand it. Okay, most people when they're selling a product, what they're doing, they're selling something we call an improvement offer, something to make you better. Okay, in our last inner circle meeting, Henry said anything that ends with an ER, better, smarter, faster, is called an improvement offer. An improvement offer is the easiest thing for us to create because that's what we always do. I'm going to make you smarter, faster, better. Whatever that is, the problem is that for me to say yes, I want to become smarter, what do I have to admit that I'm dumb? If I want to become faster, I have to admit that I'm slow. Like, there's so much resistance to improvement offers. If I'm going to try to make you improve, it's going to be very, very hard. If I instead present you with a new opportunity, it becomes better. Okay, now I'm going to look at both spectrums again. We come back to Hitler. Okay, Hitler didn't go to the Nazis and be like, hey guys, this sucks. Like all these reparations where we call them, all these things are happening, this is really, really bad. Like, I'll lead you guys better. We're going to do some cool stuff. It's going to be awesome. No, Hitler got it there. He's like, look guys, this is the deal. All these treat, all these things that are holding us back are wrong. You make me the leader, guess what we're going to do? We're going to get rid of them. This thing ends today. It's over. We're starting a new thing. What do people do? They stood up and they followed. Okay, when Christ came, what did Christ say? He said, look, no longer are we going to do the law of Moses. We're not going to be doing animal sacrifices and all sorts of stuff. He said, no, this is the new law. This is the new covenant now. Instead of doing all this stuff, we're different. This is a new opportunity. Instead, you're going to come and you're going to have a broken heart and a contract spirit. He had a different message. It was not, we're going to make this better. We're not going to make the law of Moses easier or faster. No, it was like, this is a new thing. Okay, and if you have any mass movement that's ever been successful in the history of time, they all have this. The leader did not teach people how to be better. Okay, if you look at corporations, those of you guys who have a corporate job or came from corporate America, what does corporate world offer? Advancements, improvement. If you work five years, you get a raise and you improve. You improve. Okay, no mass movement is based on that. They're all based on this, a new opportunity. When you understand this piece of it, like it's the key. Okay, I guess nine times out of 10, if what you're selling now is not converting, it's not making money, it's because you're selling an improvement offer. When you shift it to a new opportunity, everything will change. Okay, so here's some reason why people don't want improvement offers. Number one, improvement is hard. The definition of the word is like, I have to go improve and become better. Okay, most people who are going to buy your thing, this is not the first time they've tried to get better at it. It's not the first time they try to lose weight or make money or invest things or whatever it is that you're thinking was, it's not the first time they've tried it and it's hard. Right? And you're saying, no, I can make you, I can make you faster. Like, that's pain. There's so much pain tied to improvement. Okay, number two, desire versus ambition. I would say probably 1% of the world has ambition, the people that are ambitious. Right? If you're selling improvement, you're selling to people that are ambitious. That means 99% of the entire world will not buy your thing. So if your offer is not converting, it's because you're selling improvement. You're selling to ambitious people, which is so much harder. Okay? New opportunity plays on desire. What do you want to be? Who do you want to become? Okay, so it's an enhancement to have a whole new life. No longer do I have to be doing this thing over here. I get to get rid of it and start a whole new life. Like, that's the key. Okay? So if you're selling improvement offer, you're instantly discounting 99% of the population. Gone. Number three, when you're selling improvement, as soon as you start talking about this time, I'm going to help you lose weight, it's going to be different. This time, whatever it is, they have memories, they're remembering all the times they failed in the past. And that's what you're fighting against when you're selling. Like, I've tried this 10 times, never worked. Okay, I'll try again. Like, that's what you're selling against is every single other failure they've ever had at this point. As soon as you're like, no, dude, like none of that stuff is true. Like, here's a whole new opportunity that's not improvement. Like, it's something completely different when you offer that. They don't have any memory of like all the pain that you're not selling against that. All you are selling against is like, I have desire, I can actually do this this time. Okay, it's a huge key there. And the next thing is as soon as you're selling improvement, you're typically in a bloody red ocean. And what happens in a bloody red ocean is you become a commodity. As soon as you become a commodity, there's a race to the bottom. You become cheaper and cheaper. Like, well, you know, I can buy your thing, but it's here. And you know, so it's cheaper and cheaper and ever so I can cheaper. And you have to discount to be able to compete, which is the worst way in the world to be. That's what happens when you're in this bloody ocean. The best thing to be is I mean, a blue ocean where it's just you, you can charge whatever you want. Okay, Dan Kennedy told me one time, he said, he said, there is no strategic advantage being the second lowest price leader in your market. Okay, Walmart's there. He were almost as cheap as Walmart. Worst tagline ever, right? So if you can't be the lowest price leader in your market, there are no strategic advantage of being number two, but there is a huge strategic advantage of being the most expensive. And we have the same Frank Kerns ads. Frank Kern, the highest, most expensive paid copywriter in the history of planet earth, right? Wherever it is, like, he positioned himself there and then what he's to get premium prices. So if you can't be the cheapest, be the most expensive, like you can do that when you're not selling improvement. When you're improvement, instantly you're in commodities and you're fighting that when you're in a blue ocean, when you're creating a new opportunity for someone, it's completely different. Think about the presidential elections again. Okay. How many, the people who lost are always talking about improve, improve, improve, improve. People that won were all about here's a new opportunity. Here's a new change. We're going to drain the swamps in Washington, right? Where are all the things that Trump said, like those are all new opportunities versus the improvement. Okay, understanding that's what people want. Okay, the next thing that's important to understand that is tied to this improvement offer. I learned this from Perry Belcher and when he told it to me, I had this like, one of those like just huge ahas, he said that the reason why people buy from you and the reason why they don't buy from you is tied to one magic word. When you understand this, it's insane. It's all tied to status. Every buying decision you make is based on status. If I purchase this thing, is it going to increase my status or is it going to decrease my status? That's what they're asking. That's the real argument you have with people when you're trying to sell something. They're looking at it like, cool, I want that thing. If I got that man, I'd be cool. My status would be huge. That'd be awesome. They start thinking about it. They get all excited and then like, wait, but last time I tried this, I failed. Then my wife found out she was really mad. I spent stuff on credit card, still paying the credit card debt. Then my friends found out and they're going through all the stuff like how buying your thing is going to decrease their status. You got to figure out like how do I create, anytime you're selling improvement offer, you're pushing people down this decrease of status. If it's a new opportunity, they don't have it something to base it on. It's just increase in status. Anytime you're creating a new opportunity, I'm looking through it's like, what are all the ways that them purchasing this thing is going to increase their status versus the thought of decreasing their status? There's a reason why people buy really nice cars. I'm going to get in that car, I have increased status. Some of you guys right now are hearing me say that and you're like, that's not true about me. No. Status does not affect me. In fact, I would never drive a nice car, Russell. I drive a minivan. I said, oh, really? Why do you drive a minivan? I'm curious because it's economical and what would the other moms in the neighborhood think if they started driving a Ferrari? Oh, well, they saw me driving a Ferrari. They would all judge me decrease in status and they would think that I waste my money to decrease the status. The same reason why someone drives a Ferrari is the same reason why you may drive a minivan because you're afraid of decreasing your status amongst your peers and your friends. Is that interesting? So you have to understand that as you're selling, as you're creating opportunities. It's all about status for people. You understand that, then it's all about, okay, how do I create an offer and a product and it's something so amazing like no matter what happens, they cannot fail. The only thing that happens is increase in status and if not, we give them their money back and they don't lose anything. That's why I live doing guarantees because when you sell something, they're all excited about the increase. In fact, this actually works. It's going to be amazing, but what if it doesn't work? Oh, and they start freaking out. It's like, well, we'll give you money back. Cool. Time back to ground zero. Okay, good. So really understanding that and internalizing it as you're creating things is that's why people buy and why they don't buy. When you master that and you create your presentations and things based on that, it becomes really powerful. All right. So here are the reasons why people crave new opportunities and why they want those all the time. Number one is it's a new discovery. It's so exciting. I found this new thing. Okay. It's the reason why when there's a new viral video that goes out, how many of you guys will admit it? As soon as you see a viral video, if you're like the first one to see it, you want to share it with everybody, you know, I want to be the first one to share it. No one's going to admit it, but think about how much that increases your status. If you're the first one, right? New discovery. If you find out this new thing, this new opportunity, like holy cow. I remember when Dave Astor came out with bold proof coffee. I don't drink coffee. So I was like, I can't do that. Soon every single person I know is like, oh my gosh, I found this new opportunity. I found this new thing. You have butter in your coffee. You put butter in your coffee. It was everywhere on news, on TV. Every event I went to, I was talking about, it was like this new opportunity that everybody was talking about and it went crazy, right? Because it's a new opportunity that people discovered this new thing and they wanted to share it. Okay. When you offer someone a legitimately new opportunity, they share it. Right now inside of ClickFunnels, we get over 500 people a day that sign up for ClickFunnels. I don't know where they come from. Because some of all you guys talking about this new opportunity that you found, that crazy? It's really cool. By the way, thank you. Please keep talking about it. In fact, today we passed 32,000 active members today. Is that amazing? So, that's all about that. Like the new discovery people get. Like they crave that about new opportunities. Number two, there's no pain and disconnect. Okay. With an improvement offer, I got to tell you, like, you failed a lot. This time we're going to try not to fail. No, like, it's a whole different thing. Like you've never even experienced this before. They have no idea. They don't have this like pain of like this pain is going to happen, right? They don't have to give up their own thing. It's a completely new thing that they're able to do. Okay. Number three, it's dream replacement. This is huge because it's like they had a dream. Like most people, if you think about this with your audience, right? They're currently in some kind of opportunity, trying to get a result. Right? If I want to lose weight, I'm in a vehicle. I'm trying to get over there where I'm going to get this result. I'm in that vehicle, right? I'm trying to, it's not working for me. And so if I come along and I might try and get an improvement offer again, it's going to be a new opportunity. It's like, no, this vehicle here sucks. Get out of it. Come in my car over here. We're going to take you on this thing. All of a sudden, this is a new thing. So they still have the dream of where they're going, but not all the pain of like, I've tried this before. This car is horrible. I'm still driving this horrible pinto trying to get to the thing. No, like, you can get rid of that and this whole thing. And so they still have the chance to get the dream of where they're going without all of the negative side effects and all the negative things that they have about the car that they're in. Okay. And then greener pastures. Life's always green over there. Okay. A couple of things I want to help you understand. As soon as I understood this whole concept of new opportunities, I was like, well, how do you present and create a new opportunity? Right? That's the next thing. Like it's, it's cool, but how do you make that? And I realized after looking at like thousands of different things, I was like, every single new opportunity comes down to one of two things. Number one is an opportunity switch or number two is called an opportunity stack. Okay. So an opportunity switch is you're looking at your potential customer and they're sitting in this opportunity, this car, this vehicle, right? And you're saying, that car you're in is no good. We're going to switch you to this one right here. Okay. It's a switch. We're changing from this opportunity to this opportunity. Okay. As we did the fat event last or two weeks ago, that's one of the big things that came out of it for me was like understanding that your audience is already in some vehicle trying to get that result over here. Okay. You're not making, you're not going to teach them like, oh, there's a result you want. That they, they already want it. They already want to lose weight, make money, like whatever your thing is, they already have that result they want, but they're in some vehicle that's not getting the result they want. Okay. So the first one is a switch. You're saying this vehicle is no good. Switch it out for this one. And that's an opportunity, an opportunity switch. The second one is we call an opportunity stack. So they're already an opportunity they like, but you're helping them stacking on a new opportunity. Okay. And I'm going to show that in about two slides. I'll go deeper on the opportunity stacking parts that make more sense. But traditionally, when somebody's first coming into your world, the first interaction with one of your funnels, what you are presenting to them typically is an opportunity switch. You've been trying this, now instead you're going to be coming over here and trying this. That's the switch. Okay. Now opportunity switching usually happens at two different levels. One, if we came, if we went early, we talked about like the market and then sub markets and then where you're creating your niche, you're getting in the switch from whatever niche that they're in to your market. Okay. To your, the niche you've created, you've switched them there or you can come one level out to the sub market where they say they're doing real estate and you're switching them to internet marketing or they're doing investing and you're switching them to real estate. What that thing is. Okay. So usually you're switching them from one opportunity to the next. Okay. Now, if you look at this, typically the way that most businesses work is the first thing somebody comes, the first time they come into the world, you're doing an opportunity switch. Okay. So when most of you guys came into my world, you were doing something already, right? You had a result, you wanted to make money, get your message out, you wanted to change whatever your thing was and you were in some vehicle, right? And I was like, look, the vehicle you guys have is horrible. Okay. It's probably lead pages or confusion soft or something like that vehicle is bad. Okay. The only option is like certain death and doom and frustration. And I was like, but look at this, there's this new opportunity called quick funnel. Come over here, boom. And I move you to a new opportunity. I present that to you and you're like, sweet, this is awesome, right? Now, this is the key I want you guys to understand. I actually voxed this to Dan Henry yesterday. Okay. In your business, you want one opportunity switch. The fastest way to kill your list, destroy your audience and confuse people is to give them a switch and then a switch and a switch and a switch. I looked at the first eight years of my business and guess what I was doing to my audience. I put them in a new opportunity. Oh, and they're like, this is awesome. And I was like, Hey, guys, there's another new opportunity and then they all jump over here and like, what about that one? I'm like, that one's good, but this one's even better. Like, okay, cool. They'll come over here. I'm like, oh, over here. I kept by switching and switching and very quick people like loose faith in you. They're like, Oh, all these things are awesome. But like, what am I doing? Like, and they kept, I kept moving and moving and moving, right? And so in each year of business, you should have one and only one opportunity switch. After you've switched somebody into your opportunity. Now you go deep there. Okay, now you go deep there. And this is where you start doing opportunity stacks. So what are the opportunities within this vehicle that I'm offering you? So for me, most of you guys are familiar with my value ladder, right? You come into my world, you switch into funnels. Now, what do I have? I've got different things I can offer you guys click funnels, I can offer you guys funnel scripts, I can offer you guys certification, like these are all new opportunities within the opportunity I've switched you into. Can show the other again. Okay, so the initial thing I offer is a switch. And after I stack new opportunities, but they all but they're all based on this foundation of the opportunity that I put people in initially, does that make sense? Okay, that's how you get people to fall and go deeper and deeper and deeper with you. It's not by switching from thing to thing to thing. Like if I did this, and next week I was doing a webinar about how you guys can make money on in real estate. And the next week I was talking about is how to do the forex trading and next week I was like, how to do SEO like you guys would all leave me. None of you guys would be here. The reason you guys are here today is because everything we're talking about is in this thing. For the last three years, I've talked about nothing but this thing because this is the vehicle that I believe in. And if you keep switching from thing to thing to thing, people aren't going to believe you. You have to believe that deep that this becomes your mission. Like this is, I want everybody into this opportunity. And after that, then we'll stack other things that can take that to the next level. You can become certified and make this into a career. You can join in a circle and help. You know, there's other things that we have, but there's only one switch now that's the stack. Does that make sense? Cool. So that's kind of, that's how those things work. And so for each of you guys, this is what I want you to thinking about during the break that's come up here in a minute is some of these things. Okay. For you, next slide. For you guys as the attractive character, the charismatic leader, as we went through some of these things like, who are you going to become? What are you going to be willing to share? Like what's the message you're sharing with your audience? That's the first thing. Number two is figuring out like, what's this cause? Like why would people follow me? You're saying, well, Russell, I sell flashlights on Amazon. Okay. Well, right now you do because you're selling commodity, but imagine what if you could change that? What if you could change it to to a movement? And I have people buying all sorts of your stuff. Okay. What's the cause? Like, why do they care? Where are we going? What's the future about? Like, why should they get inspired and fired up to follow you? And think through that. Like, what is this, what is this cause you're going to build so you can build an actual cult? Sure of people that want to be with you, right? And then the third thing understanding is what is, what's the new opportunity of presenting people? What is that? That's the key. As soon as you understand that and look at what you're selling right now, like if what you're selling is an improvement, like you'll get so far all of the people with high desire, 1% will buy that. But if you want to take this, if you want to grow huge, you got to present and create a new opportunity. That's the key. And so thinking to like, what is my new opportunity? Is this actually a new opportunity? Am I selling the same thing that 50 other people are? How do I change this? This will become unique to me. So this is my own blue ocean where I'm the only person in here. And now people have to come to me to get this stuff. How do you create that? I want you to think through those things because they're not just like questions you answer really, really quick. A lot of these things came to us over the last two or three years as we're building things out and like, man, and we start finding things that are working, it becomes the framework and the foundation for everything. So with that said, you guys, that is my first presentation on how to create a mass movement.