Well, I hope you like seeing the two students I taught. Good morning everybody. Why don't you everybody just sort of mosey in here and grab a seat. We have an extraordinary day for you scheduled. Did you all enjoy Mr. Kennedy unplugged last night? Good. Good. So I saw a couple glimpses into what happens inside that dysfunctional mind of how he sees the world. We have another great day planned for you today. And I just want to go over a couple things with you. I'm going to have to put my glasses on for this. By the way, it was good seeing my friend last yesterday. You guys see Bill Ransick here? It was good seeing him. He actually spoke at our very first super conference right here also in Chicago. And a good guy, a real, real smart guy. I mean, as Dan mentioned, so at some point he talked about the first year they were the smartest apprentices and they really were the first year that, you know, since that time it's gotten a little bizarre more of the show. The show is more about drama than it is about actual exercises. But Bill is a real, real bright guy. And Christy Frank is also here. Another great example of real smart entrepreneur. So in a few moments I'm going to be with you to talk to you about the opening session, which is recession and escape plans. And what you're going to see is a couple things during this, but one of the things you're going to see is sort of this big call out that we did to Glaser Kennedy members. I called out to my peak performer members, members of my InfoMastermind group. And then I also did a big call out to everybody that's in the whole Glaser Kennedy membership and told them to send in examples of what they're doing right now, sort of to combat the recession. And everyone has actual results. So you'll see in most cases how much it costs to do it and how much the kind of results that people are achieving. So I think it's going to be a tremendous opportunity to S&D things that you're looking for to take back with you. After that, Allie Brown will be on the stage. And you know, Allie only pays you guys 20 bucks a piece to do that. And I'm telling you, you can hold out for 50, okay? So you're selling yourself way too cheap, you know? So Alexander Brown will be here. And I'll tell you a little bit more about Allie when I bring her up. But she is clearly a woman of influence. So you have an opportunity. Actually, Allie is a person of influence. But she can only get women to go, whoa. So I didn't know what you said, but it sounded like it was funny. So then we're going to have, after Allie, we're going to have our lunch break. And then Dan's going to be back on the stage with you. And he's going to talk about the ultimate tool to build credibility for you and your business. And I can tell you that every person needs this ultimate tool. So make sure that you're here in the room for that session. We plan, well, I'm not quite sure what that time, oh. Well, as of right now, we're planning on the lunch break to be at 1150. That's our plan. Now give us a 10 minute or so little leeway one way or the other. And then the lunch break, I believe today is an hour and a half. So we'll get started. You'll be told exactly what time we'll get started with Dan Kennedy on session number three. And then on session number four, I'll be back with you again on X. Expert position and income breakthroughs up to date on the business. Everybody needs to be in. And this is the business, believe me, this is the business everybody needs to be in, which is in the information marketing business. And for some of you that I just said that, your ears just flopped over and said, no, I don't want to be in that business. And I'm telling you that every one of you should be in that business whether you make money out of it or not is irrelevant. Although it is a great business to make money out of it. But you need to be in that business to help your core business. And as I said to you on Thursday, which seems now, doesn't it seem like a month ago, Thursday? But as I said to you on Thursday that I'll do like a sort of live makeover in the room. Not a makeover, but a demonstration in the room of somebody who's not in the information marketing business. And how you can be in the information marketing business. And then we're going to have agreement to why that makes a whole lot of sense. So I don't know who you are yet, but we will be doing that. So just if you want to be that person, just raise your hand when that time comes. And then after that we'll have session number five today, which is how to implement Glazer Kenny marketing in your business. And we get this question a lot. As you know, Bill, I know all this stuff works. And I know I got to work hard at it. So what I'm going to be doing is a special session telling you that sort of the way to make it work in your business. Sort of the resources, the tools that we make available and how to sort of systematically get it done in your business. So you're not sort of hunting, looking for how to make it work. We'll just sort of walk you through that. And then we're going to have our dinner break and we expect our dinner break to be around 5.40. That's our proposed time to do that. Again, give us a little wiggle room of 10 minutes or 15 minutes, one way or the other. And then we'll be back here tonight for our boardroom scene and closing ceremonies. Also tonight, all the authors of the book that you all have, the Peacopformers book, how many of you have started like reading that book? Good for you all. Yeah, see that we're not working you hard enough. You have time to read, you know. But last night at the book signing, people walked up and asked me to sign that book as well. Because I have a chapter in that book and they've been reporting to me just how fabulous that book is. We had a special meeting with our Peacopformer authors Thursday night. And I had commented to them that everybody, every author submitted a chapter. And then Dan and I kind of saw the book when it was put together. We wrote chapters ourselves. And we were just ecstatic with the quality of the chapters by the authors. And I'm going to ask the authors to come up here on the closing ceremony. So if you're a Peacopformer author, please be ready to come up here just to introduce yourself. I'll introduce you. And if you're a Peacopformer author and you're not quite in the room yet, because you're somewhere else doing Peacopformers, hopefully with your spouse, you will please tell that other person to be here tonight for the closing ceremonies. And then we'll have our boardroom scene. And so here's the deal in this boardroom scene so far. So there's three of them as you know are competing. So all of them as you know are extraordinary entrepreneurs. And two out of the three of them have already come up to me in part of their preparation, trying to buy my vote. And we have not yet agreed upon a price. So I'm still a free agent. So I'm just telling the three of you either deliver an extraordinary presentation tonight or increase your offer. So and that's just my one vote of the three of us. So if you those of you that were in the room last year, when the first time we did this, it was just extraordinary tonight. I expect no less than this. And it's a great, great testament to how you can get so much done in so little time. So all of you that are kind of in the room right now and you always struggle with how do I get the things done? I know I need to do more, but how do I get things done? You're going to see it like right before your eyes. You know, 48 hours businesses are created. So it's a terrific example of that. And there's some very, very, I mean, you'll just be amazed at what people come up with. And you'll also be amazed at how all three of them I would assume, I don't know this for a fact, but I would assume all three of them are going to come up with extraordinary presentations and all three will be different. So there's more than one way to be right. And you'll find lots of different ways that you can be right. And then after that, we'll just have a look. We have our raffle drawing tonight. Make sure you bring your raffle tickets with you. Don't forget every time that you invest in one of the resources of one of the pieces of clothing in the back of the room. Make sure that you bring that with you tonight because you need the number of that ticket. And we're going to give away a lot of prizes tonight. All the speakers are giving away prizes. And I'm doing the two hour consult as the grand prize tonight. Also, I think that all the cool gifts, the No BS gifts back there, I think you get a ticket for those as well. You get a ticket for books. And so make sure that when you go over there, you check out the No BS spray. I should have had anybody, can you guys bring me one of every gift up here real fast? Just bring me one of every one up here. Because we've got junk over there that you need. And more importantly, not only do we have junk over there that you need, but we have junk over there that we don't need to carry back. So you need to get our junk. So we got cold junk. I sound like Frank Kern by my shit. So actually Frank Kern, I'll tell you about this a little later, he's going to be, you know, Dan Kennedy, did Dan Kennedy uncensored or unplugged? At our Info Summit, we got Frank Kern to do Frank Kern unplugged. And that is going to be a real, I mean, if foul language is your problem, that ain't for you. Thank you. This is here. Good. So what do we have? We got, I don't know if we could show it on here. This work, guys. Where are we? So this is the official No BS. You know what? Let's try this. The official No BS. You got to have one of these. You get two of them, you got bookends. This over here. This is the No BS mug with all the No BS sayings on it. This is, anybody that doesn't have this must have this. This is the No BS, this is Dan Kennedy bobblehead doll. And many of our members, Lloyd Irving, for example, he sleeps with his every night. Vicki does in mine. That's how he gets more done. That's one of his motivators, get more done. Here's the No BS mug with the, you know, what part of No BS don't you understand? And of course, this is, where's Chuck? This is the No BS spray. Chuck is such a good sport, I think. So, and then this one's my favorite one somewhere. This is the No BS, I don't, you can't hold it, but this is the moving bowl. And it makes noise. So, and so, so, you got to make sure that you get one of it. It's still going. It's still, it's still going. So, you got to have this, you got to take this stuff back. You know, you got kids, all that other stuff that you should have at your home, like kids. Take this stuff back for your people you work with. The No BS spray is a must to just every time that, that air tint comes into your office, just spray that son of a bitch. And you'll be real happy. Okay. So was that valuable for you to see the dad? I guess I could go home now. All right. So, let's get our PowerPoint up there. And this is part two. There from Dan, well day one of part one, this is part two. And this is going to be mostly real examples and real stuff to take back with you. But I first of course have to start off before I go into the examples and do a little bit of very, very important teaching. And the first thing I want to talk about is nine recession rescue strategies. And by the way, I think I do these in sort of the, you know, the top 10 lists where we do this in reverse countdown. And number one is really my favorite. So we'll get to number one after we get to the first nine. So the first one is, and this is worth running down, is identifying the top 5% and top 20% of customers and design products, services, programs and pricing for them. So invest 80% of your energy in the top 20%, not in the bottom 80%. Now this is really important for all businesses at all time, but it's more important during top economic times is to really do this. I see Timothy over there, Timothy Stewart from ROI. ROI, what's revolution? Okay. I know there's like two ROIs out there. Everybody wants to be an ROI. And like Timothy is like my poster guy for this because he's done this in his business. He's taken his top 80% of his people and he like every month he sends them this like unbelievable pow of really good stuff. I mean, one month he sends me this beautiful bouquet of flowers, you know, which people in the office are talking about. Timothy and I, but other times he sends me great books and audio CDs and things along that lines. He's like, he's really figured this piece out. This is all about, you know, identifying your top 5% and 20% of your customers. And most people deal in terms of the 80-20 rule, but this is really more than the 80-20 rule. This is the 80-25 rule. So because there is that 5% of really, really top customers, patients, clients that you have that you have to identify things for them. And then there's another, there's the 20% of people that you have to identify special things for them. Here's what I can tell you unequivocally. There's 20% of your customers, patients, clients right now at this moment that want more from you. There's 20% of them that want more from you. I know that because that's true in every business. And most people do not figure that piece out. They spend most of their time chasing new customers or developing offers to everybody on their list that goes out to everybody without segmenting the list in order to really identify that. Dan and I will be talking, more Dan than I, but Dan and I will be talking about this a lot tomorrow on the advanced direct mail day when we talk about high-level list segmentation strategies. The first thing I would tell you to do is to start slicing and dicing that list and develop different offers and opportunities to the top 20% and the top 5%, those people will pay you unbelievable amount of money if you make it available to them. Number two is ensure every lead opportunity is being handled and accounted for properly. So like, is Chris Mullins in the room? Chris, are you here yet today? So Chris does a cool program where she'll audit, she'll do secret shopping for your phone. So she has a service where she'll call your company for you and they'll act as a would-be patient, a customer, a client, and she'll actually record that call and then she sends you the call and you listen to how your phones are answered. What you want to do is immediately after you listen to that, you want to go into the restroom in your office environment when you hear that because in most cases it's just terrible how customers are being handled. So what you want to do, and that's just one example is the phone, there's examples everywhere in your office and at this time, during tough economic times, it's more than important than ever that every lead is being handled and accounted for properly. So you want to get people, either you or others, to act as a prospect to your business and see what happens to prospects to your business and monitor that. You'll be amazed you could almost double your business by making sure that you fix the holes in the business that is occurred by how leads are being handled. The third thing is devise a strategy to offer your customers more service, special offers or other incentives to do business with you because of, and this is the important part, because of your relationship with other businesses. So here's the deal. Let's say you are in the business of providing martial art training. Let's just use that for an example. Well, what happens is you're now a very trusted advisor to your students for people who want martial art training. But the other thing is you're also a trusted advisor. So people trust you. So what else could you offer your students that maybe isn't your own core product or service, but something else that your students would want? So for example, they might want nutritional supplements. They might want somebody to work with them with healthy eating. They might want someone to work with them with exercise training outside of what you do within your school. And quite frankly, they might want, if most of them have young people, they might actually want to have a service offer to them to help them to be better students and to study better in their regular school curriculum. Lots of things that you could offer them other than just your core thing. But now what happens is, is they're going to buy this from somebody else. You're better off than buying it from you where hopefully you can actually do some revenue sharing with them. So now this is a way to make additional streams of income. Plus, they are more locked into you because now you are their source to get this information. So when I look at Glaser Kennedy, for example, we don't just offer marketing strategies. We teach speakers how to be better speakers. We teach people how to be better copywriters. We teach people how to be better in sales. So we have sales programs and all these are resources we have in the back. We teach people how to be in the information marketing business. We teach people how to be coaches and consultants. It's not just marketing advice. So if you look at our cadre of information that we offer, it's across the board. And then other times we will bring to you people that will teach you how to be better internet marketers. So people like Derek Gale and Russell Brunson and Ryan Dice that we brought to our stage in the last two days. I hope I didn't leave anybody out. And Allie Brown later today. We bring you other people so that it's not only about what we offer. It's looking out for people that we have relationships with that you can bring to your customers in your business. This is a very, very smart strategy, especially during tough economic times. Number four is implement immediate upsells. It was interesting because we were sitting around the Platinum meeting, I guess it was about a month ago in Cleveland. And we were mainly thinking about how do we get out of Cleveland. But we came to a conversation. Is John Alonso in the room yet? John was part of this conversation. And Frank Kern, we were chatting about upsells. It was interesting that we found that when we offer an immediate upsell, 14% of people take our upsells. So it was almost across the board. We were all getting 14%. At the peak performers meeting the other night, Jordan, who is the celebrity expert, said that he implemented an immediate upsell to his business. 25% of the people took the upsell. Most people are not thinking in terms of upsells in their business. And this is not about online marketing. This is about if you're a dentist and somebody comes into your dental practice and you tell them what they need, well, there's immediate upsells such as teeth whitening and all this other gobbledygok stuff that you could offer them at the same time. The immediate upsells. And you'll find that historically no less than 14% will be taking the immediate upsell. And as much as 20, 25% of people will be taking immediate upsells. This is one of the smartest ways to grow your business. There's only three ways to grow your business. One is to get more new customers. The second is to get the customers that you have to come back more often. And the third way is to increase the transaction size while the customer is there to increase what you sell them. So everybody should be figuring out how can I put an immediate upsell into my business and its upsells throughout. Number five is riches and niches. So if whatever the business that you are in, if you can segment out and become the specialist for a niche, you can sell your product or services for a lot more money. So let's stick with, I don't know, well, I mean a lot of businesses have already kind of figured this out. Like for example, I'm trying to think, who's, Harry helped me with this, Harry Williams helped me with this, who's our guy who's elder care, Bill Hammond, thank you. I figured you remember that. So Bill Hammond, so Bill Hammond is elder care attorney. But he's an elder care attorney that specializes in working with families who have a loved one that suffers, their loved one is suffering from Alzheimer's disease. Now when they come in to see him in his elder care practice, there is no discussion at all in terms of fees. It's like, you know, my parent is suffering from Alzheimer's, I need your help. The fee thing never comes up, he can sell it for whatever he wants. So look at your businesses and figure out how can you niche it down more. And many times you can actually pick out three or four or five or six different niches and you become the specialist there. It totally takes it out of the price shopping game. Number six is communicate more with existing customers, easier to sell existing customers than new customers. Well, this is like, you know, this is really like marketing 101 to communicate with them more. And the reason why I bring, I say this to you now is because it's being this, this is sort of a rescue, recession rescue conversation that we're having is more people, you know, get this wrong now. See, what they do right now is during tough economic times is they figure out, let me figure out how to get more new customers. And I'm not telling you not to figure that out. But what I am going to be telling you is it's smartest to go back to your existing customers and figure out more often now to get them to utilize your products and services more often. I'm going to be showing you an example in a few moments from Chris Tomchak, not Chris Tomchak, Chris Bowman as a dentist. And how he's been doing this is dental practice with extraordinary results. Every one of you should be doing in your business to communicate more often with existing customers, not less often during the tough economic times. Number seven is don't emotionally throw in the towel. I kind of mentioned this on Thursday. And a lot of people sort of do this, which again, they're sitting on that park bench in the front of their offices talking to their neighbors explaining to each other that they're not doing anything. They've emotionally thrown in the towel. See when this whole thing, this whole recession thing kind of like ends and we start moving to what Dan has called the emerging new economy, which I'll talk to you about that a little bit later, there's going to be a lot less competition for you all. The survivors will be stronger and they'll only be stronger, but there'll be greater opportunity for them. However, the people that emotionally throw in the towel, they will not survive. They won't. So the people that are waiting for things to come back to the way they were before, the things are not going to come back to the way they were before. They're going to come back and they're going to come back probably better than ever, but they're not going to look like they looked before. So if you emotionally throw in the towel, you won't be around to survive. And then the next one is implement if you can. And this is, I talked to my InfoMaster, my members and Platinum members yesterday about this one, a little private closed door session we had. And this is one of the things I discussed with them, which is this whole issue of implement pain to disconnect. And if you can do this in your business, if you can become the utility company to your business, so what's the one bill that you'll make sure that you pay during tough economic times? You pay your gas and electric bill because you can't have anybody turn off your electric, right? You pay probably, you pay your internet provider because you can't have anybody turn off your internet. And you've got to figure out what you can provide the people right now that they can't turn off. And that makes you more valuable to them. If you can figure this out, you have the keys to the kingdom. So what can we add to our business that is a pain of disconnect? In most businesses, this requires great deal of thought. Some businesses, it's easy to identify. But my last one, and it's number nine, it's probably my favorite one. And I'm often horrified when I hear Glaser Kennedy members not embrace this. And a lot of times they kind of walk around with their chest out, saying it's being proud of the fact that they don't embrace this. And this is not a thing that I have never embraced. And it's nothing that I have that Dan Kennedy has never embraced. And number nine, what you really have to do now more than ever is you've got to work. And people walk around and say, you know, I don't do any work. You know, I just work two hours a week, and I had my assistant do this, and my this person do that. And this is a time to work. Mark Victor Hansen says, most people don't work. And this is a time to work. It's in my infamaster mind groups, when we've been sitting around and masterminding on people's businesses, I am thrilled to see my infamaster mind members willing to do things now that they weren't willing to do before. And that's the right attitude. Is now you've got to roll up your sleeves and you've got to work harder. And that's okay. And that will make you better entrepreneurs. So if you're not willing to work, I don't think it's going to work out for you. All right, so those are my top nine. Let me show you some actual examples, okay? So here's the very first one. I kind of like this. This is, I think I call this referral marketing, but I really shouldn't call it referral marketing. I should really be calling this finding the hidden business within the business. So here's our diamond member, Sherry Hardy. And Sherry was supposed to be here. She was devastated. She called the office right before we left, and she just couldn't make it because she had a little family emergency. But she is in the business of teaching young people how to be better, sort of helping them with learning. And what she figured out was this, is that she could offer to other people, sort of quasi, and I'll use this word, although it's really not a true franchise, sort of franchises her or business, where other people could learn in their own areas how to teach young people how to be better students. And so she offered this, and she did it, look how she did it. She sent that a postcard to people that raised their hands so they were interested in this information. And then she followed it up with a letter, and the whole thing cost her $282. So let me go back here. Postcard, letter, $282. And when she called the office, she said, so far she generated $19,608 in business. This is all about now, so the question is, what do you do? What do you do? And is there a business hidden in your business where you could teach other people what you do? And in this case, she actually went to other parents that she taught their kids. That was her group that she mailed to. So now that you've seen what this can do in terms of changing your child's life, would you like to change other children's life and be in business with me? So she did the be in business with me opportunity. $282 so far has generated $19,000 in new business by not only continuing to do her core business, but figuring out the business that's hidden inside the business. Here's Dr. Chris Bowman. I mentioned, is Chris in the room? Chris. Chris led one of our tables last night, which was professional practices marketing. And Chris is a dentist, and he does an extremely good job in his office. And what he did was he sent out this economic stimulus package to previous patients. Now what's really valuable about this is what's called entering the conversation that's in their head. So what are people thinking about? They're thinking about the economy. So he entered the conversation with his hand. He actually sent out an economic stimulus package, which was nothing more. This is the front and back of a postcard. That's all he did. Front and back of a postcard, you can see that he did a really good job with it. On one side, he had what appears to be a check. On the other side, he has a handwritten note that he sent out to his previous patients. I like the little thing. When you look at direct mail, there's a lot to be said for the little things. What's one of the little things here? I like the little American flag on the top of the return address. I think that's kind of cool. It adds a little patriotic theme to the whole thing. And on this thing here, he spent $864 sending it out to previous patients, generated $20,400 in dental care. This is about entering the conversations in people's head. As you can see, I'm showing you low-cost stuff that you can do with getting extraordinary results. Now, Ron, I did see Ron this morning. Ron in the room? Where are you there? So Ron, just stand up for a second. There's Ron. So Ron, Ron's the business of providing coaching and training programs to people in the automotive industry. And Ron goes around the country right now and he does seminars for all repair shop owners. Actually, you're doing one here tomorrow, aren't you? In this hotel? Yeah, boy. So he's doing one for local all repair. So if any of you, by the way, drove here, you can get your car tuned up while you're here tomorrow. You can get new brakes on, whatever you need. And so now Ron does a complete campaign. And so this is part of a total marketing campaign. It includes two sales letters, two postcards, three faxes, one voice broadcast, and also part of this is faxing. Thanks, Ron. Part of it is faxing. And I show you this because I don't want you to think that he sends out just faxes and he generates $147,000 in business. It's part of a campaign that cost him $17,997. But I show this to you because faxing, when done legally, is a very low-cost marketing strategy that you should think about how to use in your business. Now I say this loud and clear, when done legally. There's legal ways to do it and there are illegal ways to do it. So whenever you do it, just make sure you check with the fax laws. You could check with an attorney to give you advice whether you're doing it illegally or else oftentimes the companies actually will do the faxing for you. They will give you advice on what is legal and what is not legal. But I tell you to be careful with it. But at the same time, it's a low-cost strategy that can still be used under the right set of circumstances and you should be using it. Now another guy, is Dan Cricks in the room? Danny? There he is. Stand up, Danny. Danny is a guy who teaches all repair shop owners marketing also. And so here's when his guys, Ron's guy, his guys come back and they'll fix it again for you. And so Dan, when he was working with a client, that was not doing pretty good. And he told him, he said, listen, let's just do a voice broadcast. And this is the actual script that he gave his client to send out to his previous customers. This is all about going back to previous customers. And the first week, so the investment was listed, the investment for this went out to 550 previous customers. The investment that sent out the voice broadcast was $30.56. That's cheap media using voice broadcast. Again, you can legally do this and you can illegally do this. He did it legally under the voice broadcast laws. He followed what he could do. The first week, 27 people responded spending $8,674. The second week, an additional 28 people responded spending an additional $24,400. Not a bad return on an investment of $30.56 using voice broadcast, low cost marketing strategies. This one, I don't know, is Alice Michika one of our vendors in the room? Alice? Only once? There you are. So Alice. She's with a company called Specialized Mailing Serves. I actually did a gold call with Alex, I think it was last year. Is that right? And Alice, she does a lot of really cool things. But she does, is this the P4 process, right? Part of the P4 process. This is like P1. So if you want to get P2, P3 and P4, it goes to the house. But this is a really cool thing. This is a pre-sorted stamp that you put on an envelope. So this is not first class. This is pre-sorted stamps that you put on an envelope. And what she has is some kind of special whiz bang situation with the postmaster general. She and the postmaster general like this. They go out to dinner together and other things I won't even get involved with. And she figured out a way to do a print over the stamp so it looks like it's canceled. So now it makes it look like it's first class. So that whole thing that's printed on top of the stamp. And then one of our calls, I said, Alice, I said, you know what increases response rates is multiple stamps. So she's figured out a way to do now multiple pre-sorted stamps as well. And this sort of looks like first class, but it's not first class. So first class stamp is 42 cents. In this particular case, if you are mailing to a local area where people are in the same, you know, I guess, is it zip or is it zip plus four? Just zip. If it's just zip, it's 19 cents to mail this out instead of 42. And if you're going out of your zip code, it's 25 cents. So the difference between 42 and 25 cents is pretty dramatic. And if you're doing a lot of mail, if you're doing 1,000, 5,000, 10,000, just think of all the money you save with this. Of course, the other thing that Alice does, which is really cool, this is like a little infomercial for Alice. But the other thing that Alice does, which is really cool, is see the handwritten font? I mean, that is not a real handwriting, although I think you can do real handwriting as well. But this, not anymore. No, you can, I can handwrite it on info, but you can't do all of it. Okay. So this is actually a font that looks like it's handwritten. So when you get this sent to your house, it looks like a friend is sending you direct mail. And this gets through the clutter of advertising. This is now, this is going to be in your APAL because you're going to open this up because what kind of mail do you open up? You open up mail that a friend sends you out as opposed to advertising. So it's a very, very cool thing. And so that's Alice Mishikos from Specialized Mailing Service. This one here, I don't know, did Donna Kretsch make it in this morning yet? Donna, you in the room? One of my InfoMastermind members? So Donna, this one, Donna uses these bags. So I'm telling you about this because this is point of sale advertising, point of sale. This is like really cheap advertising. When I was in the retail business, I was always thinking about point of sale. What could I do while I am communicating with the customer? So what did Donna do? She went out and she bought lunch bags in bulk. And then she just printed up this thing called, your new body is in the bag. And she's stapled on there and then she hands it out to prospects at various places. So let me just read you. The campaign is to sell fitness and weight loss at CD with instructions for people to stand, stark naked in front of a full length mirror with a bag over your head with two holes cut in it so you can see yourself if you like what you see great. If you see bumps and bulges, you are instructed to take the bag off and call their fitness solution. I think that deserves a hand for creativity. So I mean that's just great. I mean even if you never put the bag over your head and stand stark naked, you immediately got this vision in your mind, you know, and who are you going to call? So this is, I mean you can't get much cheaper in this. This is a bag and the return of investment is just like huge for doing things like this. So thinking about what can you do when you're in the person to person contact to make yourself stand out from others. This one here is from Terry Bryant. Again, I want to show you more stuff than just direct mail. As you can see, and this is door hangers. And door hangers can still be used legally. You just have to check all sort of local areas have their own local rules and regulations for this. But this is just now hiring college, high school kids, college kids. There are also services that go around and actually will put door hangers on people's doors for you. And when appropriate, when you are doing marketing in geographic areas, this is real smart. So like for example, if you're in the landscaping business, if you're in the roofing business, you're in the window replacement business, if you are the local auto repair shop, in this particular case, this is a guy that's looking to buy home. So he's in the real estate investing business. This is a smart low cost media to use in your business if you can legally do it in the area that you're in. So this is from a diamond member, Terry Bryant. This one here is from Info Mastermind member, Dr. Chris Tomchak. And Chris is a chiropractor that provides chiropractic franchise. So he creates marketing materials for his franchises. And this is one of the things that I teach so much and not enough people pay attention to, which is all about bringing back lost customers, patients or clients. All of us have these in our business. People that we've done business with before, but for whatever reason have not come back and bought from us in the time that we would want them to come back and buy from us. So the question that I have for you all is, what is the frequency that your customers should be buying from you? If I'm a dentist, what's the frequency that my patients should be coming back? If I'm in the martial arts business, what's the frequency that my students should be coming back to me? And if they stop coming back, at what point are they now considered to be lost? And everybody there is real gold in everybody's business to go after these people. I've often said these are the third easiest customer to get to come back to your business. And Chris's case, now this is not, you know, this is sending out a boomerang in the mail. And I believe that the 3D mail guys have boomerangs. Do you have boomerangs? Yes? Yep. The 3D mail guys have boomerangs. If they don't, they'll go out and get them. And this is, you know, it's a cool thing. You send out a boomerang. This is in a clear plastic envelope that goes, so you see the boomerang when it's in your mailbox. Dear missing patient, we want you back. And this is $2.20 a piece. And again, you know, the return on investment on this is just huge because the transaction size in the chiropractic office, it brings the chiropractic patient back. It's usually in the several thousands of dollars per patient. This one here is from peak performer member Karen Campbell. Karen, you in the room? Where are you? Hey, Karen, stand up. So Karen is in the business of it's for, I'm going to mess this up. You stand up. You can stand up longer. I know. Huh? You don't want to stand up? Now stand up. So you market to terriers, right? Terriers. Terriers? Scottish terriers. So very, you talk about niching, very, very targeted niche. So Karen heard Dan on a CD say something along the lines of, you know, if you're in the catalogue business, what she's basically is in the catalogue business. And one of the things that's real smart is to do a stripped down version of your catalogue and go to lost customers. Now Karen is one of those rare people that are in the room that actually does things when she hears them. So she heard this and she created this little mailer. It's a very stripped down version of a mailer. Send out to lost customers as a, what she called a partial calendar mailing to 487 previous customers she would normally delete after they had been through already been through a lost customer reactivation campaign. So these people already have been through a multi step campaign. Now most people when they put them through a campaign they would throw them away. She kept them and she sent out a partial catalog comprised seven of her best selling and most attractive cards. It included an order form with no discount offer. So she didn't even discount at all. She just her regular offer and out of that she got 28 responses generating another 583 thrive hundred and eight dollars and 33 additional profits after mailing and produced costs. Now if you can see something that's interesting about this, you're looking at this and saying gee, she invested more than she generated. But she also has to understand what she does, the lifetime value of now this customer. So by many times you can run a business very, very profitably on lifetime value. So she got dead customers, she brought, she dug them up, she resuscitated them and now she has the opportunity to continue to market to them. Okay, this one is from one of the most brilliant marketers of all times and humble. And so this is all about use unobvious holidays to cut through the clutter. I think this is in actually in the holidays manual, which by the way they told me in the back there that some of you have not, who have your certificates, have not turned them in yet for your celebrities promotions manual we put together. That's free with your certificate. Also you also have CD packages pick up. So have you haven't used your certificates? All the primary registrants got these certificates. Well one of our pricks go over there and see these folks and they'll give you your freebies. You definitely want that celebrity manual. It turned out extraordinary. So this is from our one of our holiday manuals we put down using holiday marketing. And I'm a huge believer in holiday marketing. As a matter of fact in the back of my book Outrageous Advertising I had a special section back there which shows a different holiday that you can use for almost every day of the year. Some of them are really funny holidays. And this one was a holiday that I used every four years. I wish I could have used it every year, but I used it every four years in my menswear store which is a leaf day promotion. And so basically it's a promotion where you said you know every once every four years we get free rent because it doesn't cost us anymore or on the 29th day the landlord doesn't charge us anymore. And because we're getting free rent we're passing that savings on to you. So I gave them this discount that they could come in for my store. And I spent $3,600 on this and you can see it generates $77,000 in sales on just coming up using holidays because it's on people's minds. People think are thinking holidays. People are thinking of going from the next holiday to the next holiday to the next holiday. And you can also create your own holidays which in the holiday promotions manuals, these are the people that sort of created really cool holidays. This one comes from Gold Luxury member Sue Johnson who actually we got Sue through my original BGS marketing system came to us. She owns a ladies store down in Florida. And this is one of the coolest things I've seen in a long time. I really loved it so I thought I'd share it with you. She sent us out around the holidays and this was not, she did not mail this to her customers She mailed this to the spouses of her customers telling them that they could come in, they could, she actually mailed them a gift certificate. She told them to fill out the amount that she wanted to give for them to give their spouse a gift certificate for the holidays. Just call the store, they would activate the gift certificate for them. It couldn't be easier. And as you can see she spent $1,159 to do this mailing to the husbands of her customers and she generated $8,700 in sales. Very very creative marketing, very smart. A lot of people don't think enough about how can I not only sell to my customers but how can I sell to other people that they can buy for my customer. I like this one. You like this one? I like this, this is really cool. This one is from a people former member Howard Anderson. Where's Howard? Where is he? Stand up Howard. He's showing off his brand new hairdo. Which those of you, I don't think it's out yet but in next months, I don't think it's out yet. Did I show you all yet that Howard shaved his head piece? Did I show you that? So he is the male model for the shaving his head marketing piece. And this is something, Howard joined our peak performers group. There's a lot of good traits about Howard but one of the best traits about Howard is is I can pick on him a lot. And he's like really good about it. And so when Howard joined our peak performance group now, the original member, right? Original member, three years now, right? So he first, he strutted in the very first day and he showed me his marketing stuff. And he's a new member, I want to be nice to him, I don't want to piss him off yet, I look at it, I don't say anything but I'm looking at it and it's horrible. So I don't say much about it. Then later on, we brought him up in front of the room and we gave him a makeover. But now he's like doing really, really good stuff. And one of the things that he does really well, and many things he's doing well now, he's created this campaign which he sent it out to, and he's in the business of selling vacuum cleaners and sewing machines. And he sends it out to people. Now when you think about people that normally buy sewing machines and vacuum cleaners, you think that they don't need to buy any more right away. This is a big mistake. This is an immediate upsell strategy. So he went out to his customers and sent them out a thank you piece, thanking them for their business almost immediately after they buy, he sent out this campaign to 234 people, the customers who have made a recent purchase. Now in this letter, because he soaks all the sin, in this letter, he includes one of these things right here. Now I don't know if you, can you zoom in on this any guy? Is there a camera guy? Can you zoom in on this? Okay, well I'm not going to do that because I'm going to actually show you a video of it. This goes, and this is a pen, okay, and this is what happens. Watch this thing. Thank you so much. Thank you very, very much. Thank you so much. And so this is a pen that says thank you. Thank you so much. I guess I have a little hand for Howard Anderson there. $841 and he generated $9,122. It's got 44 people to respond. These are people that you would think normally would never respond right away. 44 people respond, which is sort of my 14% upsell rule. Very, very smart marketing. Make yourself the expert. So here's a little collage in some of our members' books. So let's see who I got here. I don't know if I can read from there. On my left I think I got Peter Holtz's book. He's the CPA. Steve Clark, one of our independent business advisors who's a sales and persuasion expert. That's his new book. Our peak performers book, all of you have that. Next one is from, that's from, whose book is that? Is that Ben Glasses, right? Ben Glasses' book, which he co-authored that book with Dan Kennedy on the Ultimate Success Secret. So if you want to co-author a book. The next one is Mike Capuzzi's book, which he created like an anthology book. And an anthology book, like the peak performers book, there's multiple authors in the book where everybody becomes an expert. This is one of the smartest things that you can do for your businesses. Somehow either be, have a chapter in a book that you're associated or your own book that you write. One of the things that you really want to do during this time is you want to make yourself the expert. And the quickest way to make yourself an expert is to be an author. So a very, very smart strategy to be doing. This one here is from Diane Cocklin and Gail Sassine. Sassine. How do you say it? Sassine. See, see, I know how to say it right. I don't know if you do. So she, they worked with people to help them do their marketing. This particular campaign, she worked with fellow peak performer, remember Bill Goff, which I finally figured out how to say his name, right? And this was a, this is a really cool thing. They had actually, S&D this for me, they are really good at stealing stuff of mine. And so they stole this from me. This is a mailing that I created some time ago, which is a cardboard box, handy mail, not handy mailing, a city blue, is a city blue? I know city blue and city print, one of them actually will do this. They get the cardboard boxes and they cut it out for you, put a packing slip on it and you send it, put a sales letter inside. And this was a campaign they sent out to 51 people. It was very, very targeted. And I'm not sure that I, I, I think these results are, the results are correct. They got two sales out of it and the two sales generated $2,000 in tuition registration to come to a live event. And then of course when people were there, they also invested in a lot more while they were there, which by the way is a very important lesson for you about going to live events. It's very important that you invest in a lot of other things while you're there. Thank you. Thank you. Obviously you're not clapping, but they're clapping. So these are the good investors. So, so, so very, very, very sharp piece to get, getting through the clutter in the mailbox. So this one here is from really one of my heroes. I wish Greg was going to be here, but he's going to be at the outrageous workshop and academy that I'm doing in January in Orlando. And if you've been a Glaser Kenny member for some time, you've been watching Dr. Greg Nielsen. He's in the chiropractic industry. He lives in a very small town. I mean, I think there's only like 14,000 people maybe in that town and he's like, he dominates that whole town and he creates the most, almost wonderful marketing material materials. And I've copied a lot of his stuff. So the same way Gail and Diane copy my stuff, I copy his stuff. So sometimes they copy my stuff. They think it's my stuff, but it really was his stuff. So, so, so it all comes around. The funniest thing that ever happened, I'll tell you, was 10 years ago, it's a true story about S&D and 10 years ago, Michael Kimball was sitting in a platinum meeting and he showed everybody this small little under ounce mailer that's created a newspaper print. And if you can mail it under an ounce, you can save them postage. And he passed it around the room. And a lot of us, Ron Eyepack, myself, Rory Fatt, we all S&D did it right away. And we started using it for our own niche businesses. And so now 10 years fast forward, somebody passes it around the table. Michael Kimball's there. He looks at it and says, gee, this is great. I got to do this in my business. So he forgot he was the original father of the piece. So, so, so anyway, so Greg Nielsen, he's a great person to S&D from. And this is what he sent out 104 page sales letters with a rubber band attached 3D to previous patients. Why did he attach rubber band? He wanted to make it dimensional. He wanted to make it some lumpiness to it. And so pretty much, you know, this is not a hard set rule because a lot of it depends on the weight of the paper. But pretty much you can get, did you know there was no photography? Pretty much you can get a under an ounce, four pages for under an ounce in a letter. So you pretty much get that done. And so this is, this is now, again, it depends. But I usually, when I write sales letters for myself or for clients, I'm sticking to this four page rule when I just use the right weight of the paper. And so this is what happened. This is the, this is the four page sales letter. Has a rubber band attached to it. So you can see Dr. Nielsen is not about spending a lot of money. He invested $5,000 in sending these things out and generated him 225,000 in new patient work. They're sending out a four page sales letter with a rubber band attached to it. And he got a 17% response. Now what, which is why I like four page sales letters. Because four page sales letters usually allows me to tell my entire story. So just a little bit of a glimpse into, into the psychology of me writing a four page sales letter. When I do it, I make my list. And my list are all the reasons why somebody would want what I'm offering. And I also make the list of all the reasons why somebody would not want what I am offering. And now I have, with four pages, I can bring up every reason why somebody may not buy and overcome the objection. Because if you don't bring up the objection and overcome it, there's a very good chance they will bring it up in their mind. And their rationale for it is not getting to the result that you want. Their rationale for it is not to buy. So that's why I like four page sales letters. It gives me enough space to do both. To give reason why copy to buy, to give all the benefits and features. And also to overcome objections. Okay. This is from, I don't know if, I don't know if Peter's here. I don't know if I saw Peter. Peter in the room? Peter holds it. He's a peak performer member. And Peter, he's in the sort of, you know, business of offering tax advice. So he's about as interest, and he'll tell you, he's about as interesting guy as watching paint dry. I mean, he just, you know, but he'll tell you that. I mean, he doesn't make any bones about it. He's a really nice man. He's in our peak performers program. He's actually a peak performer and plus member. And he created a campaign. Now this is part of a campaign, but I'm showing this for a reason. And he sent out press releases to gain free publicity for his bailout blitz. And in his bailout blitz, let me see, it was an entire campaign, including mail. He did outbound phone. He did press releases. And the reason why I'm showing you this is this is his press release on one side that he did. And on the other side is the actual story that he got about in a local paper. And you can get a lot of local stories. So I know that Paul Hartoonian spoke with you yesterday for those of you in his room. And this is easy to get. When I was in the menswear business, I got over 18 press hits a year from my menswear business by just filing this form of setting out press releases. And overall, this campaign, he got 25 people to attend one of his live events. He eliminated four of them himself because they didn't qualify. He had three of them already signed up. Six more were on the way. And so far, his revenues were $28,700. And that was with six more appointments that he hadn't yet made. And his investment was $5,500. Now for some of you, $5,500 might be a lofty investment. And what I would tell you is this, is you have to do what he did was look at the average value of your customer. So here's my question for you. And for some of you, this might be worth writing down. My question for you is this, is how much is a customer worth to you? How much is a customer worth to you? How much is a student worth to you? How much is a patient worth to you? How much is somebody worth to you? And then the follow up question to this, which is the one where most people cringe at is, what are you willing to spend to get that person? And in most cases, clients that I work with, and this is oftentimes one of the early questions that I have in a consulting day with somebody, is going through these questions. And clients that I work with are way underspending to get the result that they want. And if you're willing to spend what you should be to get that result, it makes your job infinitely easier. Because even if you are not a great copywriter, so if you can't write copy like I can write, even if so, if you can spend enough, you can make impact. So money helps. And so without money, you're really, really in a tough situation. Okay, this one now, Susan, where's Susan? Get a mic to Susan. Actually, Susan, maybe you can grab that mic. Susan, have you ever been in front of a mic before? Never? Yeah, yeah. And grab a mic and come on up here with me, which is scarier. Bill, is that going to work? Is it turned on? No? The button on the bottom? Hit it. Okay. Is it on? Yeah. All right, so first of all, Susan has a famous voice personality. So just give everybody their Susan Berkeley fix. Give them the voice of AT&T. Go ahead. Thank you, Bill, for using AT&T. So she's the voice that you hear. And that was with no practice, right? So anyway, so Susan is the winner of our contest. We had a contest to see who was like sent me in, like the one that I thought was the best. And this was, you know, and we had one judge of this, me. And so Susan is our winner. And so I'm going to maybe just sort of show the campaign. We did not rehearse this as normal. Okay, so I'm going to show the campaign. So your objective was to fill 24 seats to your 2497 per person boot camp, right? For voice of a talent. And you sent out a series of three mailings, comprising two postcards and one sales letter. Right. And then here's a postcard. And here is some of your other pieces that you created, a little collage of your other pieces that you created, right? And why don't you, I don't know what I have on my next, okay, I have my results. So let's go back. So talk about the campaign. Talk about everything you did. Okay, so what happened was when the economy started to tank, we got really scared about our boot camps because they're the core of our business. We do like four or five of them a year. So I thought, okay, desire Trump's recession. I know we had a product that people love. They want to get into voiceover. But they started to get really scared with all this recession stuff last fall. So I thought, okay, let's do a one day sale. And I got really, I just invested a little money in like two really ugly postcards, these postcards. And all of a sudden, half the seats sold out, which gave me more marketing money to use to follow up with the sales letter. And so at that same time, Dan, I don't know if you guys remember put out a call in the newsletter to use your pets in marketing. You guys remember that? So if you go to the next one, you'll see what I did was I did a sales letter around from my dog, Duchess. Now, Duchess is with my ex-husband and I paid dog support to him. Right. So, so for a couple of you in the back of the room that didn't catch that. This is like a really important part. So Susan is divorced. Susan, you live in New York, right? I live in New York by access in California. He's in California. And they had, they figured out the divorce and the husband got the dog, but she got dog alimony. So, so, so she pays for the dog for the dog being in California. So this is a good thing. So I built a wholesale story around that and, you know, saying that a letter, you know, we needed, I needed to support the dog, but I don't want, you know, I was going to donate money to North Shore Animal League from this whole campaign. And then we did a follow-up letter actually from the dog. And then we did voice broadcast because we do voiceover from the dog with a character voice of the dog. And lo and behold, the boot camp sold out. So since that time, you want to show the results? Yeah, sure. But the really important thing for everybody to remember is that desire trumps recession. So if you can give them an excuse to buy with either a one-day sale and then also through the charity thing in which Dan talked about as well, which we would give, do a contribution to the North Shore Animal League, we had really good results. So we invested $8,952. We sold 50% of, and this 8,000 came after we made the marketing money from the one-day sale. And then I got the courage to invest more in a direct mail campaign, like you said. And we sold 50% of the seats from the first two postcards and the remaining seats from the follow-up sales letter and had people on the waiting list for the next boot camp, which is completely sold out in the next one-day sale. And the ROI was huge, 486,000 and then 486%. And then with back-end coaching, 989%. So this was awesome. Yeah. And then as you can see here, she had another mailing prepared and she canceled it because she sold out all of her seats, but you did put people into a waiting list for the next boot camp if I'm not... Right, right. So it's been terrific. So a great example of a multi-step campaign and also a great example of adding more personality into your marketing, and in this particular case, the dog. And people would much rather hear from your pets than they would like to hear from you. So I'll take my microphone now. Thank you. Let me see what else I got for you. Okay, this is another one from a brilliant marketer that was submitted. I like showing this, so this is one of my favorite mailings right now. And this is... I don't know, have any... For some of you, are you seeing this for the first time? So who here is seeing this for the first time? Okay, because I mailed this out to members, I think, last year, maybe it was two years ago, I was in Santorini... We were in Santorini, Greece, right? I was with my brother-in-law. So we're walking by and we see these donkey rides that go up the mountain. So I go up to this gentleman who speaks Greek, which I don't, and I said to him, I just want to get a picture of me on the donkey. I don't want to go up the mountain. And he says, okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And so I gave him money and he puts me on the donkey. Next thing I know, I'm running up the mountain. And then my whole family is screaming, no, bring him back, bring him. And he had to run up to get me down the mountain. So we took this picture of me on the donkey, which is... I've been going through a lot of this about how to do outrageous advertising in your marketing, but one of the things that I always talk to you about is always prepare for an outrageous moment. So always carry a camera with you. And so this particular... I mean, a lot of stuff, I just... We're somewhere, Karen and I are traveling somewhere, I see something, I say, hey, let me take a picture of that, you know? And so always be prepared for an outrageous idea. In this particular case, and I thought... In this particular case, I thought the headline was particularly appropriate, don't you? Which one is the bigger ass? So this is a CD mailing. I worked it out with my friend Steve. Steve Harsperger in the room, Steve from City Print. I don't know where Steve is. Steve is a brilliant guy. If you ever have an idea of how to mail something, just send it to Steve. And Steve will figure out how to do it effectively for you. And what I wanted to do was I've been seeing that more and more, better response if I can include with my mailing audio. So I went to the Direct Marketing Association conference and I saw there was a lot of vendors there. They were doing CD mailings, but they had CD, but they didn't have the opportunity to also have sales letter, it was just CD. So I wanted to combine both. So this is sort of the inside, the back of this mailer, the CD fits in it, and then there's a little like booklet. I don't know if I have it, nope, I don't have it. So there's a little like booklet in there of pages that I can actually write a sales letter. So it's a combination of a printed sales letter and audio CD. We used this mailing for our super conference last year, as you can see. And there was a $1.88 a piece to mail this baby out and includes the cost of the CD. So the total cost for us was $17,662. We sent it out to a segmented portion of our list, which is why some of you may not have seen it, and it generated $86,000 in additional registrations for us. And this was very, very late in our funnel. So I really like this mailing piece where you have a CD and a sales letter because if some people don't read, other people will listen. This one here is from Mike Rose. Mike in the room? Mike, there's Mike Rose. Mike Rose is an infomastered mind member. He especially is in, to people in the home inspection industry. He's like the home inspection guru. And Mike is doing a lot of tele-seminars in his business. Now I'm only going to show you a little bit of his stuff. When you're doing tele-seminars, you really want to think in terms of campaigns for tele-seminars. Michael Cage, who will be one of our speakers at our info summit, is sort of the resident go-to guy for teaching you how to do tele-seminars and webinars today. He's also an infomastered mind member, the same group as Mike is in. He's in your group, right, Mike? Yeah. Yeah. And so Mike is doing a lot of tele-seminars, and this is a very smart strategy for you to be doing your business. And Mike sends out invitations to come to his tele-seminars. He sends out reminder emails. And on this particular one, he sent out to 578 people. He got 32 new members for his business. Each member has a value of $3,500. So it was $114,000 in additional revenue. He made off of one call just with 32 new people that he got to sign up. And I'm telling you that people can be doing tele-seminars and webinars on their local level, not only on the national level as well.