In the earliest years and in the years when I paid the least attention to it, there wasn't a year that I made less than 100K. And that goes back to 1975 when 100K was some serious money. And in terms of coaching, we didn't call it that then. But my earliest experience with coaching was in what was called, it still is called practice management in chiropractic and dental. And in what year? 1977, 1978, 1979, somewhere in there. We were selling a $30,000, what we would now call coaching program, to chiropractors when $30,000 was serious money. And it's interesting that in a sense nothing much changes. This is the old, original brochure from that. And here's what they got for their $30,000. They got, actually we gave more than we do today. They got eight mastermind meetings. They got two staff training seminars. They got system oriented training, meaning what you do in your office, which really is a fancy word for it. They got a big notebook like you just got. They got non-system training, meaning the head trip stuff and communication skills and so forth, which really means they got a second big notebook like you just got. They got a complete set of audio and video materials. They got a monthly newsletter. They got a monthly staff newsletter. They had monthly accountability, which is pretty painless giving them because only like 2% of them use monthly accountability. So monthly accountability in this coaching program was fill out a four page form about what happened in your practice this month and fax it in before your one-on-one coaching call. Well, you never saw forms because if you ask people to do something, continuing telephone consulting. So they had a coach assigned to them that they talked to on a regular basis and an initial training like a fast start day that they came to. And so we were selling that for $30,000 in either $77,000, $78,000 or $79,000. And at peak that business had 600 and some odd doctors at $30,000 a piece a year. So this is not like new and what may be new to you isn't anymore than the Tony Yell is new. It goes back a long, long, long way. At least to the 19, Emil Coe, Dave, what, 30s, 40s? 30s. So there's not a lot new under the sun. It may be new to you. It's certainly new to your clients. It keeps getting kind of a new wrapper around it. But a lot of what we're doing and a lot of what you're going to see during these two days has some pretty deep roots. Significant for me and significant about what we're going to talk about is that I've maintained over 70% of my client relationships for long periods of years. There are clients with me for 10 years. There's clients with me for 20 years. There's a few with me going on 25 years. And even has my compensation demands have escalated and escalated and escalated far out of pace with the rate of inflation. They stay and they keep coming back. Now I don't mention that so much to brag has to say to you, there's like a science to that because the getting of clients is the most expensive thing you'll ever do. And initially, if all of that is new to you, it'll be an exciting thing to do when somebody says yes and somebody writes out a check and signs a contract or somebody joins a program. You will be incredibly excited and enthused about that. But give it a few years and it will be a routine and necessary event. It will not be the thing that is exciting. And so the retention of the client becomes ever more important.