which admittedly, I know, world's tallest midget, but still, it's, you know, it's the other one ad agency in Cleveland. And I get there and this guy, they own their own building, and this guy is out, sleeves rolled up, it's a Saturday, but he's cutting the grass in front of his building. Now first of all, the guy's cutting his own grass, right? So, unless this is your hobby, which for some people it is, but then you ought to do it out of sight of anybody if you're the CEO of the largest ad agency. So he's not cutting his own grass. As I get there and start talking to him, the wheels goes bad on the lawnmower. He picks the lawnmower up, he drags it from the front of the office building with me tailing along talking to him all the way to the back of the office building where there's a little workshop where there's a ranch that he can tighten the wheel on the lawnmower and then drag it all the way back to the front of the building to cut the grass. Now this guy's the CEO of the largest ad agency in Cleveland and he ain't got enough sense to go get the ranch, right? I'm immediately feeling smarter and more powerful in this conversation because I'm thinking this guy's an idiot. Weight Watchers. I get hired to work for Weight Watchers. The President of Weight Watchers at the time, very nice fellow and I'm sure he was very good at something. I have no idea what, but he was very good at something. But we're all in a meeting where their ad agency, Benton Barton, Durstin and Stupend, who's taken a lot of money from them, has come to show them their new TV commercials and they show these TV commercials. These TV commercials are stick figure drawings of women talking to each other. On a beach. Stick figures. You can draw it with a crayon. Talking to each other. On a beach. And then a logo. And the lights come up and everybody sits there waiting to see how he's going to react. He says, fabulous. Everybody says, fabulous. Everybody goes on their own. I said, less. That's the dumbest thing I've ever seen. He said, it is. He said, but it can't be. It came from Benton Barton, Durstin and Stupend. Very powerful lesson there. He don't know good advertising from bad advertising. He hasn't got a clue. But since they did it and since he gave them a lot of money to do it and they have a reputation in the advertising community, it must be good. This is like taking somebody to a really fancy restaurant. The food's horrible. But they think it's good because it has to be because they just paid 80 bucks for it and they're in a fancy place with six forks and a guy, no, bad food's bad food. No matter who it came from. But he don't know. And I'm sitting there thinking, this guy's running his whole company and he's an idiot. And then, would you pay for these things? Well, the production budget was a half a million dollars. I mean, you need a kid in a crayon. You could have done this on an etch-a-sketch, taken a picture of it. You could produce this thing for 10 grand and have money left over. Are you nuts? That's what Benton Barton, Durstin and Stupend told me it cost. Real lessons there. So you've got to realize that while your clients may be good at something, and usually it's their technical competence, or whatever it is that they do, that in the common sense department, which is mostly what coaching and consulting is all about, you are far superior to all of them. You are the superior being walking the planet as dysfunctional as you may be. By comparison, trust me, you beat them all. I mean, I'm looking at the current crop of presidential candidates. Is there any of them you would hire and put in charge of anything? No, not a one of them. And one of them is going to wind up running the country. The country, what's the number one qualification necessary in order to run the country? The arrogance to think you should be running the country. That's it. I mean, you got one guy who was a mayor who did a pretty good job as a mayor, although he alienated every constituency he worked with. And his personal life is a god-awful mess. And he's got all kinds of business and financial problems. And pretty much what everybody's impressed about is that they got a mental picture in their head of them with a hard add on after 9-11. And we're going to put him in charge. We're going to make him the leader of the free world.