Although they are all part-time, some spare time, they all have other things that they're doing. Some of them have other coaching or consulting businesses, but some of them do not. And they are lickety-split, got coaching groups formed, and are making $10,000 a month, $15,000 a month, $20,000 a month in their local areas. In some cases, including people, and I don't want to embarrass them, but including people in the room who couldn't spell coach before we got them, and they're merrily coaching and taking money for it. So you also should not have in your head that you need another 13 years before you dare do some of these things. Almost everything that I'll talk about in these two days, I'm mostly talking about what I do now, but 90% of it is the same as what I did 10 years ago, 20 years ago, including when I could ill afford to do it economically, or when I had absolutely no qualifications or recognition or any of that in order to base it on. And so I'll often hear from people when I discuss this stuff with them privately, you know, I'll get the, yeah, but you're Dan Kennedy, and I'm Charlie Rabinowitz who nobody knows, so I don't dare do that stuff. They miss the point that to get to be Dan Kennedy, I did that stuff. It's not, you gotta wait. It really is, this business is a lot about cart before horse, not horse before cart. The last thing I'll say sort of in preparation about all this is that I'm basically telling you what I do. There are more than one, there's more than one way to be right. I can only tell you my way because that's what I do. Occasionally I'll show you somebody else's example, but there is more than one way to be right. However, I can tell you my way is a way to be right. And so if you're looking for a model that works, you came to the right place. So question yourself whether you should disagree or not. I did want to quickly show you, some people are here and some people aren't here. Here's this year's Platinum Group and I wanted to make mention of a few people. I know Ron Carruthers is here because I saw him this morning, where are you? Ron's over here. Ron is in the consulting business, essentially financial consulting for families, belatedly getting ready to try and get their kids into good colleges. And would you, actually, I want to hear from you, would you jump up here and let's see who else is here? You, Michael, Tucker, is our chief here? No, aren'ts not here. Dave Dee and Charlie Martin. I know you guys are all here. If you would jump up here very quick. Just give you a sense of diversity of what's going on. Ron, you first grab the mic if you would. Actually, first of all, do me a favor and stand up. Face the crowd. Just take a good look at them. Now imagine you're a 55-year-old, fairly successful guy with gray hair who's thinking about getting your kid into Harvard. Is this exactly the look of the person? It just shows you can, we're going to talk about costuming later. You can defy it and you can still, I mean, you, and you look like you just crawled out of bed, too. Did you just crawl out of bed? Yeah. Okay, so very quickly, describe your business, the fees, how it works. I deal with all the parents who forgot to save money for college and we roughly take 150 to 200 new clients a year. We charge $3,000 to come in and have us basically handle stuff for them. Okay, you want to say the fee again? $3,000. And where was it three years ago? $1,100. Okay, that's the point I wanted to make. And how much of what you deliver has changed? Nothing. I mean, we packaged it up and the gift basket they get for writing the $3,000 check is nicer than the $1,100 check. Core value. Nothing. Okay, it's a really important demonstration. And actually, you could like leave now and you'd have your money's worth, but you.