And it isn't just about remaking the sale, it is about getting control of you for the next two days. And so I have taken the time to go back through a reestablish my right to sit up here and talk to you about this topic. So it's an extremely important lesson. And by lesson what I mean is that it pretty much needs to happen every single time. You cannot operate on the basis of, gee we've had a relationship for three years so they know me, he knows me, she knows me, I don't need to resell them, I don't need to remind them of why they're giving me money, and I don't need to retake control. Yes you do. Virtually every single time. So virtually every single time you put them in a coaching room, every single time you sit down with them one on one, there should be some exercise, it may only be five minutes, maybe all it takes, but there should be some exercise of reestablishing what the relationship is, meaning you, whatever your position is, brilliant genius experienced, old grizzled wise veteran of your industry, a person extremely adept at making people rich in a hurry, whatever your position is, you need to reestablish it, and you need to reestablish the relationship which is a me chief, you Indian, me instructor, you student, right? And so don't miss the point. Let's start on page one which should be immediately after your tabid divider. You should find a page that looks like that. A few very quick things to say about it. Just about everything that I do is completely contrary to what would be talked to you about the coaching or the consulting business from any traditional source. So for example, if you happen to go to coach university or some variation of it, no disrespect to those folks, or if you hang out in the coach subsection special interest group of the National Speakers Association, or you go to the bookstore and buy a book about this, you are going to find a very different set of premises about these businesses than our premises. First of all, you are going to find that they are mired in a hours for dollars culture. And so it's all about how to charge $75 an hour to talk to somebody on the phone and isn't this cool, or how to make $750 a day or $1,000 a day. So the entire culture is all about trading a block of time for a block of money. As a practical matter, first of all, that's not a business just so you know that's a job. And secondly, it has no leverage, it has no multiplier effect. So therefore, you will eventually reach a point where you actually can only get so much from them per hour or per dollar and regardless of value, they won't give you anymore. And you will eventually be unhappy with it because you will be capped. And there's only so many hours and you can only stand to do what you do so long. And so ultimately, every psychologist doesn't want to be a psychologist anymore and every lawyer doesn't want to be a lawyer anymore. And every CPA doesn't want to be a CPA anymore because they're like stuck. They get to a certain point and they're stuck. And in this pure exchange of dollars for time, from your standpoint or from my standpoint, see what we do for them, we can't take enough money from them for it to be an accurate representation of the value.