The other guy's what? He's been in the Illinois State Legislature for four years or some ridiculous thing. Hillary married well. On and on and on. I mean, I wouldn't put him in charge of three Dairy Queens in Indiana. And walk away, you know, but there they are. And everybody's acting like they know something. I mean, and believe me, their consultants are taking money from them by the bucket loads. By the bucket loads. So you need a sense of superiority. And you need to work on developing it. And the best way to develop superiority is to recognize and acknowledge the idiocy, ignorance, and inferiority of everybody else around you. I mean, it's nice to be walking around thinking, geez, I can't believe these people. First of all, they're doing well in spite of themselves. And it's a miracle they get to work in the morning. Incredible. Confidence. Donnie Deutsch's book, and Donnie, by the way, sold an ad agency for 300 mil, which is a really good trick. So it begs studying Donnie Deutsch because you are selling nothing. You got client, well, it's nothing. What's an agency business? It's nothing. I mean, it's clients, but they can leave. And it's employees, but they can leave. There's nothing. $300 million. Remarkable. The title of his book, it's one of those books you should, you don't need to read it. It's like books you should just prop up somewhere so you see the covers, right? I mean, the title of his book is often wrong, never in doubt. And that's the kind of confidence you need because what people really want to buy from us is certainty. They do not want to buy, maybe. They want to buy certainty. And they're happy to buy it if we're wrong the majority of the time, as long as the times were right, the economic payoffs okay. But what they don't want to buy is maybe's. Money. Attitude's about money. Well, we'll talk more about that tonight, but the biggest attitude about money you need to have is Stuart Wilde's line when they show up bill them. Nothing for free. Nothing. There's nothing more futile in life than dispensing free advice unless you insist on dispensing free advice to a family member. If they don't give you money for everything, for every step of the way, you will lose control of them. You will not get compliance and you will lose their respect. Their respect for you is in direct correlation to the fact that they must give you money for everything. And don't make the mistake of, oh man, the guy's given me a million dollars a year, so I'll comp him to this. Big mistake. Big mistake. Don't comp him. You might give him a break, but don't comp him. Value. Real important to understand that in these businesses we are dealing with the client's value, not our beliefs about value. It's not about what we would buy. It's not about what we would pay. It's not about how we make decisions. I was with a client the other day who publishes a news newsletter. The newsletter for what it is in terms of content for someone who would use it in its industry is probably the best newsletter, the most useful newsletter, the most underpriced newsletter, and the most valuable newsletter I've ever seen. It is an enormous problem keeping subscribers because he's built the whole thing for people who actually use it. Of which in a niche of 30,000 there might be three. I like it because I'm happy to zip through it and hurry. There's no fluff. There's no entertainment value. There's no personality. There's no nothing. There's just information, things to do. Great. I'm thrilled. Give me that thing. Give me five minutes of highlighter. Let me find something to have somebody go fetch or somebody to go do, and I'm on to the next thing. There's him, me, and another three or four people. You've got to sell the newsletter for $100,000 a year. Most people, that's not their value system. They may enunciate it, but it's not. This business is about not the core value of the service. That has to be good. They've got to get results from whatever you give them. That's not what will keep them. That's not what will make you money. The value is about the results to the client, the client's perception of the results, the relationship with the client. We're going to talk a lot about how you create value, but the most important thing to know about value is it's all up to them. It's not up to you. Your attitudes about value have to switch to making them happy and having them want to continue in a relationship with you. Not about the core value. Ron said a nifty thing. He goes from $1100 to $30,000. I put the stuff in a better look at notebook. Well, that didn't help the value at all. You could deliver it in a paper sack. It wouldn't make any difference. But to the client, in part because they actually can't judge the value of the stuff that's in the notebook, so they don't have a basis for that. So the notebook's pretty important. The guy gives you $30,000. He expects a good look at notebook. It doesn't have a damn thing to do with the value. But he expects a good look at notebook. You've got to give him a good look at notebook. Last attitude has to do with the willingness to exercise power and control over people and being comfortable with doing so.