It doesn't matter how much money you take from them. First of all, the entire universe continually reorders itself into 80, 20, and 515 within the 20. It always reorders itself to that, no matter what you do. I got what you do. It doesn't make any difference how much money you take from them. It doesn't make any difference how much time you spend with them. It doesn't make any difference how much value you deliver to them. It doesn't matter how much legitimate expertise you have. None of that matters. Every little group reorders itself to 5, 15, and 80. And they keep doing it over and over and over again. So you could put 10 billionaires in a coaching program, and within three months you would realize that you had a sharp as a whip champion who was implementing everything, and you had really slow students. And they'd all be billionaires. Wouldn't make any difference. Every time I keep thinking, well, maybe if we take more money from them, no. They can't get out of their own way. And actually, by the way, the ones running the big companies who are making $20 million a year as CEOs, they're like far more dysfunctional than you and I. I mean, it's a miracle. Believe me, it's a good thing they got a limo picking them up in the morning and getting them to work. There's a reason why those companies pay for that. It ain't a perk. It's like essential. Otherwise, they'd be roaming around out in the street unable to find their way to the office with their Wall Street Journal under their arm. I mean, so you got the first big breakthrough. And actually, I'll tell you three quick stories. One is in 1978, after a year of making money as a speaker doing things very dumb and very primitive and very painful, I went to my first national speaker association workshop all excited just now I was finally going to go figure out how to do this smart. And this is a three-day workshop. By the end of the first day, I'm like totally depressed and spent the night in my hotel room instead of going anything because it quickly became apparent to me that just about everybody was a better speaker than I was, but nobody knew how to make any money. And in fact, I was already making more money than most of them. And I come to find out how to make more money and make it smarter. And by the end of the day, I was convinced they're all making less money than I am and they're doing even dumber shit than I'm doing. So this is not good. And so I'm horribly depressed. By the next day, I'm excited. Now I'm walking around thinking, okay, if these clowns doing what they're doing are getting booked at all. By the third day, I've convinced myself I'm an expert. And I'm at the airport ready to go home. And he's deceased now. Buster Crabb, he was Flash Gordon and Tarzan way, way, way back when. And Buster Crabb had been at the meeting and he's sitting in the airport and we're both flying back to Phoenix. And he said, so I say, what did you think of the meeting? And he says, I'm really depressed. I said, what are you depressed about? He says, well, he says, I've been doing this thing. I've been getting some bookings that I've been speaking and I got a little book. But I know I'm not making what I should be making doing this. And I came here to figure out I was going to be around all the smart pencils in the box and actually find out how to do what I'm doing smart. And it turns out I think I'm making more money than most of them. And I don't think they're even doing half the things I'm doing smart. What did you think of the meeting? I said, well, I thought the same thing at the meeting. He said, well, what's your background? So I have an appetite. So he says, well, how about if I hire you to redo all my stuff? Because you seem smarter than everybody else I met here. So now I'm on the airplane. I got a client. So I got my first consultant. My first speaker is a consulting client because both of us came and decided everybody was a moron except us. So and he wants to give money to somebody. And I'm like the least moron he met. That's pretty much the deal. Well, so now by the time I get home, I'm going to say, OK, well, if he feels that way. So now I start a newsletter. And before you know it, I got 300 speakers paying me $200 a year for a newsletter. And I'm off to the races. And my disdain for the population has never changed. Now, again, many of them are far better speakers than I am. And many of them are far better at one thing or another than I am. But generally speaking, they don't have any business sense. And those of you who do business consulting, generally speaking, everybody in every population have a dynamic business sense. My second experience, I'm still in the advertising business. And I go to meet on a Saturday with the CEO of the number one ad agency in Cleveland.