And it immediately says, gee, maybe they'll pay 37.8. And that doesn't sound like much, but how many deals did you do last year? Excuse me, how many clients did you take care of last year? How did it go here in 2017? Well, so if it's a hundred a year and we go from 35 to 37.8, it doesn't make any difference to the client, but it does make $280,000 difference to him. So, you know, we got to think about that. So you want to ignore almost everything you hear from traditional sources. Your next page. In a sense, almost everything we do today will have to do with this, and in another sense it won't, because I'll be as practical and pragmatic as I can. But the truth is, most of the success in the coaching and consulting businesses has to do with what's going on in your head more than anything else. It has to do with your attitudes about yourself and about money, your bravado, the size of your cahones, your ability to keep a straight face when you quote a fee, those sorts of things. And they really are self-image related. They're attitudinal related, and they are not really related to anything else. So, what's kind of important to understand is that there are no moorings for this business. Now, in almost all other businesses they're mistaken too, but a lot of businesses have, you know, sort of a relationship somehow that leads to price. So, in retail, it's double it. Buy it for 50 cents, sell it for an honor. Direct response TV, it's 8 to 10 times. And so the first thing that happens in a conversation about doing anything on direct response TV is we've got to have an 8 to 10 times multiple of product cost. So, if it costs a buck, we've got to be able to sell it for $8 or $10. If we can't sell it for $8 or $10, we're not going to do it, and we're probably not going to sell it for more than $12. So, there's like, there's a relationship that has something to do with, to something that has something to do with price, right? In this business, there is no, there are no such moorings. There is no such relationship. And to a great degree in the information product business, there is no such mooring either. Just to prove that we could do it many, many years ago, I had a client who was a consultant on theft control to the supermarket and convenience store industry. And we sold from the front of the room a single audio cassette tape and a number 10 envelope with a piece of paper in it for $500. And they saw that's what they were getting. I mean, we didn't hide it. So, you held up a tape and you held up an envelope with a one piece of paper in it and you sold it for $500. Now, I understand that you could, you could sit with the folks at Night Yelp Conant for the next decade and not convince them that you could sell a single cassette tape and a piece of paper and an envelope for $500. You could sit at Simon & Schuster for a decade and you couldn't convince them that you could do this. If you sat at NSA, you might convince a few people that you could do it, but then they would all report you to the ethics committee because they would think there was something unethical about selling a single cassette tape and a piece of paper and an envelope for $500. But see, it has to do with what's on the cassette tape and what's on the piece of paper, right? It doesn't have to do with the media. But, traditionally and historically, there's a mooring. There's, okay, how many tapes in the box? Times 10. Times so much for the manual. Here's how we get to a price. Well, this business has none of those moorings. And so you got to forget that they're even there. It all has to do with what's going on in here. And when I say that in order to succeed as a consultant coach, you have to be one, there's a certain, this is about, now, the attitudes reflected in behavior. There's a certain behavior that succeeds and a certain behavior that doesn't. There's like an issue of presence, right? I mean, everyone up here at the table, in spite they would be dressed differently in most cases if they were like taking money from people at the moment. Although, by the way, well, I'll talk about it when I get to costumes. But there's a presence to them when they stand up and talk about what they do. So this whole thing of being the thing in order to get the money is pretty important. And so a lot of what we're going to talk about today is about what's going on internally, not just externally. So let's talk about some attitudes that are absolutely necessary. Here's page three.