So if in a day I take a guy with a million dollar a year business and I re-engineer the business so he goes home and has a 10 million dollar a year business, arguably I should have gotten 9 million bucks for the day and he can start making his money the second year. But see I don't care how good I am at everything I'm going to show you these two days, getting somebody to write the 9 million dollar check for the day, it's like too much. I mean maybe there's somebody out there getting it that I don't know yet but it's like too much. If you go to a therapist for six sessions and they save your marriage how much is that worth? Well it's worth a lot more than anybody is willing to pay them. Now some therapists get a lot more than others because of these techniques but still the therapist is grossly underpaid. The client ultimately feels they are overpaying because they are viewing it as an exchange of minutes for money. And so Billy Bob who's your client sits down and figures out how much he's making in his business per hour. Right? Well I make $140 an hour. Now I'm paying this one at a $5000 an hour. Something's wrong here. So the entire premise is like suicidal. It eventually leads to everybody being unhappy. The clients are unhappy, you're unhappy, everybody's unhappy. So you've got to get out of that box in as many different ways as you can. And you should know that all of the traditional training and so if you go hang around with any of the traditionalists, they are all about putting in that box and staying in that box. And they have a, oh I don't know, a disapproving viewpoint of everything that is done outside of that box. Our $30,000 coaching program for doctors in the late 1970s was sold his cash out of percentage above base. So very quickly, let me explain that to you. Percentage above base is a way of getting paid. We'll talk about it later. It's pros and it's cons and whatever. But percentage above base is essentially, in that case, sitting down with a doctor and saying, okay how much did you do last year? Okay I did a hundred, I'll do simple numbers so I can try and do them. I did $100,000. Okay and the rate of inflation is 10%. So we're going to say, and how much growth did you have last year over the year before? 10%. Okay so rate of inflation 10, growth 10, so we're going to give you 20. So we're going to set your base at $120,000 for the first year of their agreement. We're going to roll another 20 on it and set the base for $140,000 a second year. We're going to put another 20% on it then and set it at $100,000 and whatever that would be, $168,000, $178,000, whatever that is for the third year, that's your base. And now we get 30% of everything that gets created above base. Well they'll agree to that by the way because they're right and they don't believe it's going to happen anyway. But then if you can convince them that they're going to go to a half a million every year and you pencil out what they're going to wind up paying you, but they can discount all that out by giving you $30,000 all at one time. It becomes pretty easy to get the $30,000 especially if you can manage to get them financed. Now you've got to have somebody who sleeps on the couch with them and carries them to the bank in the morning in order to get them financed. So that's how that's sold. What's important about all that is I'm just giving you an example of how we got out of the box of talking about hours. See what we're going to deliver now is irrelevant. It's the money outcome that is relevant. The second thing is that all of the traditionalists have an academic orientation about these businesses. And by that I mean two things. Number one, they're hung up on credentials and qualifications and certifications. And do you have the appropriate letters of the alphabet after your name to allow you to consult with people in this subject area or to coach people in this subject area? What is extremely important to understand about that is nobody cares except the people issuing the letters of the alphabet after the name. No one else cares. The marketplace does not care at all. It's not an advantage. It's not a disadvantage. It's not. And by and large, they don't ask. I may be five times in 30 years have been directly asked if I went to college. Maybe five times. And maybe another five times indirectly because they assume. And so the question is what school did you go to? You know, where'd you graduate from? I mean, you know, so the assumptions there. But nobody has like refused to write the check. See, it doesn't matter. But they're all about these permissions to go do these businesses. And you've got to get, you don't need anybody's permission to do any of it. You just go do it. The other thing is, is that the academic orientation leads them to ladder thinking. Now, ladder thinking is very important for you to get everybody else to do.