And by the way, most people, including most Glaser Kennedy members, come and go viewing us on only one level. So if they come to a super conference, they get out of it what's on the educational, motivational, entertaining level for them. And so they hear the speakers, they take notes about what the speakers say, they meet people, they network, et cetera. What they don't do on a simultaneous mental track is observe how we're doing that super conference and try and figure out why we're doing this this way and why we're doing this this way. I have one client for years who, you know, his whole note-taking thing has like three pads and one is content, one is why are they doing it the way they're doing it, and one is how can I apply that to my business. So the thing that you should know and that will become abundantly apparent from me during the two days that we're together is that pretty much nothing you see us do is just like accidental or random, it's all pretty strategic and thought out. And if to the point of unconscious now, it was originally consciously thought out. But to use a conference as an example, I mean, there's meticulous thought about body movement and where this thing gets positioned in a room and what speaker goes in front of what speaker and how many minutes everybody gets and what gets said first when somebody steps this stage and on and on and on and on. And so the same is true pretty much with everything I do. And so if you're really, really astute and you really make a point of it, there's a sort of multi-layered educational value in getting the newsletter, for example. I mean, you can read it for pure entertainment and it is built to facilitate that. You can read it just to get marketing ideas and examples, but then you could read it on the third layer of how is it structured and why is it being done in a certain way in order to get a member, keep a member, ascend a member, get money from a member. And so really there's a whole nother way to study that piece that you get from us that most people, it does not occur to them. And quite frankly, that's okay. I'm not sure it's beneficial to us to have it occur to everybody. I'm just pointing it out to you because you paid your money. I mean, I'm not actually sure that having done this was very smart with 2020 hindsight as I prepared it, but here we are. So there is this layer of what are they up to? Why did they do this? Why did he talk about this? Why did he put this in the newsletter with, etc. That for the people in this room, I think, is sort of important and that you ought to be paying attention to. You have a big fat take home book in front of you. We're mostly going to work out of the book. Today we're going to deal with sections one through three and some of the sample documents. And tomorrow we're going to deal with sections four and five and the rest of the sample documents. So let's get started. If you jump, there are page numbers shortly. The first few pages in front of section one aren't numbered. So if you just jump into, I don't know, just a couple pages in, two or three pages in, you're going to find a page that looks like this. And I just wanted to briefly mention some of the things that are very, very relevant to what we're going to be talking about in the next two days. One is that I've been in the consulting business since the beginning. I did something else for one year after getting out of high school. And then at least some part of my life was consulting and taking money from people for dispensing advice and opinions and eventually dispensing work product.