Yeah, and at best, as a lead generation device, they're not great. They're okay. What typically happens is, you're business too, so with a business book, is you will get small numbers of really good leads. You won't get big numbers of anything. And there's all sorts of things. I get smarter and smarter about it. There's all sorts of things you want to think through. For example, if I had my draw, there's a new contract I'm negotiating. I want the promotional pages in the CD in the front of the book, not in the back of the book, right? Because they may never get to the back of the book. You want a sticker that there's a free offer so that they go find it. You don't want them to rely on reading the book in order to find it. Because most of the books that are bought are never read. That's the bottom line of the book, business. Most of the books that are bought are never read. So, it's a lead generation device, it's okay. It's a really good lead generation device if you are able to build some kind of a big promotion around it that drives a lot of leads through a capture system. Then it's really useful. It has a credibility tool that's spectacular. It has a brochure that's better than any brochure you'll ever build. We'll talk more tomorrow about how to get clients, but as I say, I only had a brochure for one year my entire life. Sometimes I sent books and testimonial letters. That's what I did. It's funny, I used to have this conversation with speakers. I would send every book I had. So, if I had three books out by then, we sent all three books. Well, a box with three books in it, that's real expensive. If they weren't good enough lead to spend 10 bucks on, 15 bucks on, what are you doing processing them at all? I'm not doing it. But no, nothing beats a book that has a credibility tool. People attach enormous authority and expertise and all of that to it, all, as I say, grossly undeserved. But now that you've got a lot of content, really figure out the sales structure. What do I want to have happen? Who do I want to pull out of this to attract to me? If you read Gidomer's book, the little red book of selling. I'd pick all of this book. Okay. One of the things Jeff did brilliantly is make that book about, really, it's a book to convince sales managers to buy the book in huge quantities and give it to their sales people. And it's right there in the book. So, it pretends to be a book for sales people, but it's really a book for the sales manager to get them to buy the book to cure all those problems with sales people. It's very smartly done. So, there's like a purpose there. What do I want to have happen here? Who do I want to have rise up? Paul. I'd set a few questions from today, Dianne. One was, Ben and I always talk about how you're a great strategist. And one of the things you talked about was the whole idea of using celebrity or celebrities in your profiles. And I know one of your members went to his pitch and I saw you use somebody. And can you talk about the little bit of the strategy and how you would position that or use that, whether it's photos with them or helping them or working with them or what you would do there? Any or all of those things. Look, the only thing you can do with a celebrity that will work against you is get arrested with them while they are bringing their drugs in from another country. Okay. And that worked. Other than that, you know, like you can't go wrong. So now it's about how much can you get. Now the first thing you should know and everybody ought to know is there's lots of opportunities to connect yourself to celebrities for free. And most people squander those. They don't even take advantage of those. So like I've been moaned for 25 years, there's not a week that goes, to my chiropractor friends, there's not a week that goes by that in some newspaper or magazine, you can't find an article about some Hollywood celebrity, Olympic athlete, pro athlete who is swearing that if they weren't seeing their chiropractor, they'd be crippled. And nobody ever uses those articles. I remember the, Joe Montana was still playing for the 49ers, the last Super Bowl-y one. There was a big article in the National Enquirer about Joe Montana and his chiropractor. Well, I mean, what do you need? That gives you Joe Montana for free. That's what he does if you're a chiropractor and nobody uses it.