In some cases I will have gone ahead and calculated what it's going to cost them and laid the money out there. Actually in most cases. In some cases I will not have and I will be thinking it over. But then what they get is a contract. And tomorrow by the way I'll show you contracts. And the contract fully outlines what the work product is going to be, what the project is going to be, what the payment is going to be, what the rules of conduct are going to be. You know it's all there. I see no reason for written proposals unless of course you're dealing with, you're not dealing with a decision maker. And now there's going to be a bunch of other people involved in getting to the decision which you really don't want to be in that position to start with. I mean when we talk about getting clients tomorrow, one of the things that, whether you're corporate or not corporate, my insistence is you should never be talking to underlings. And you should never be spending time with anybody who can't make a decision and give you money. So if that's the case, then why do we need a written proposal? Why can't we go right to contract? And so I think the proposal is just a place to get lost. Furthermore, if we had no other reason not to do it, it would be that almost all consultants do it. And if for no other reason, we ought to know it's not the thing to do. Okay? Barry, you want to? Sure. And speaking about writing, I'm working on a book to establish expertise, published author thing. And thinking about your NoBS books, they're more of a lead generation tool, I think to a large degree, to get your, and if I'm wrong, correct me, but to get your name out there and get people exposed to you. How do you write those kinds of books about your area of expertise, your topic? They contain plugs for additional resources and stuff, but how do you balance what you leave in and what you leave out to sort of tease them to want to go further and deeper? I view the book as predominantly a very long-form sales letter disguised. So the first thing about writing the books is I sort of, I don't work from outlines, but I do work from a little short list again of the who I'd like to raise out of the muck and have excited responding to this thing. And what four or five key message points I want to hammer home that will resonate with those targeted prospects? It's also very significant, I think, that like with anything else, I am perfectly willing to repel and offend people who I don't particularly care whether or not they respond to the book or not. Publishing company book editors, by the way, have a very tough time with that concept. My editor on two of the NoBS books, for example, for Entrepreneur Press, is a militant feminist of unknown sexual orientation who lives in a... Well, you can edit the tape, don't be... Who lives in one of the three most liberal states in the country. Needless to say, she's not fond of my material. So I have an editor who, you know, is like setting herself on fire with all of the ways that I'm offending militant feminists like her who live in liberal states, you know, and she just never could get it through her head that I want to offend them. It's not even that I don't care. I actually want to send them on their way, you know? I'm sure there's somebody they'll be a great fit with, but not me, you know? And so I'm perfectly willing, you know, to do that and almost, you know, deliberate about it. Then, to sort of try and more tightly answer your question of how much you give away and how much you don't give away. The first part of that answer is that it is not actually... It's usually not deadly to give away a lot, to show a lot. Especially if what you show is now complicated to implement. Because... I mean, look, so for years, there's nobody who's ever hired me for a copywriting assignment that I can... maybe four or five. But almost everybody who hires me to write copy owns magnetic marketing. They own the Oldham & Sales letter. And in many cases, they own copywriting in a box. And that, you know, I'm like showing you what I'm going to do.