You know, it's not like you couldn't go do it, but it actually makes them all the more prefer to have you do it or help them one-on-one or whatever. So for the most part, the fears and concerns of revealing too much in book or other product or seminar, they really do not get in the way of people trying to hire you. Years ago, Bob Neuart was the first person to do a comedy record ever. And the record companies wanted to do them, but they couldn't get any comedians to do them because they all believed that if they put their act on a record, now nobody would want to come see them in a club. But obviously it works exactly in the opposite way. The more it's on a record, the more they want to come see the guy in the club and they want to see the routine. They've already heard 600 times on the record and they know. And so Bob Neuart will tell you, you know, when they close the lid on the coffin, somebody's going to be yelling, do the driving instructor because he can't go anywhere and not do the driving instructor routine. And the people can like almost sing along, you know, with the driving instructor routine. Basically I think when you show what you do, but you show it in a way that demonstrates expertise and makes them think, okay, I could do this, but in a million years I'll never do it quite as good as he does. So I'd sure like to get him to do it or I'd sure like to get him to help me. So I, you know, look, I reveal a lot in the books. I don't really worry about that. It's more about the order in which there be, you know, it's more about sales letter structure for the revelations. Then I think the other thing I would tell you about the books is that they really ought to be story books more than anything else. And so a simple way to think about this is you're writing a story book. And so you're telling stories about preferably your clients, their successes, their case histories, as well as well known and famous peoples and companies, which if they're intermingled, by the way, you kind of get credit for both of them, even though you weren't taking credit for Starbucks. But because you told this story about Starbucks in between the story about your client that, you know, revolutionized it, it turned an Italian restaurant into an empire and this other client who did, doesn't own a retail store, you kind of get credit for all three of them. Plus again, who you connect yourself with defines who you are, right? And you know, I'm far from being above using who's hot. I mean, you know, in the last couple of years I talked more about Trump than I ever did before. It's not because I wasn't aware of Trump. It's because everybody else wasn't aware of Trump. But now that everybody else isn't aware of Trump, I want to talk about Trump a lot because he's in their minds. They're seeing him on TV. They're seeing him everywhere. So I'd like to be connected to him in people's little brains when they hear Trump. They think Kennedy when, you know, they let God us together. So really you're writing storybooks. And if you'll notice like in my case, I mean, there's a profound difference in structure, format, and style in the Adams books, the Alderman Sales, Law, and the Alderman Marketing Plan book that there is in the No BS books. No BS books are very conversational, very speech, very personality driven. The Adams books are really almost textbooky, but hopefully not deadly dull and boring. And so they are really written to be reference books. And consequently they have had that kind of a long life, 91 and 93 respectively. And in some bookstores now they're in the reference book section. They're not in the marketing book section. So they are like Rojays, Thazaurus. They are, you know, they hopefully stay there forever. The earlier editions of those were also when I was doing a lot of speaking. So I was looking for speaking gigs. So there's stuff, if you took the original edition of Marketing Plan Sales Letter and compared it to the current edition, one of the things you would see that was changed is references to when I was in such and such place speaking for such and such a company. This policy, I don't want to attract speaking invitations right now. So I got to get that out of there and put in what I do want to attract. Is that helpful? The other big thing I'll tell you about the book thing is don't make a big thing out of it. As soon as you say book, everybody's like underwear tightens up. It's about 12 newsletters is a book, a page a day, more than you need.