You instantly leap by doing that. The other two be somebody's strategies that are really important to talk about actually require now some skills. One is speak. And many of you in the room do and so you know the power of it. You get a lot of credit just because you are able and willing to step to the front of the room and not embarrass yourself. Because most of them are terrified by it. Many of them have tried it, didn't do well, didn't like it. Plus there is the Benton Barton Durstin and Stupid did the ad campaign factor. He's up there. They put him up there. He's delivering a presentation on X. He's an expert. He really knows something. I know thousands of speakers and I can tell you none of that is true. In some cases it is, but it's certainly not required. All this required is that you step the front of the room to a presentation. But you instantly get a lot of power because you do. It's also a very efficient way to promote yourself because you do it to groups instead of to individuals and you let them surface and you let them come to you. I would say to you if you're going to be in the coaching and the consulting business, you've got to get good at speaking. You can't like not do it and you can't like do it badly. You've got to get good at it. It's not the most difficult thing to get good at, but you've got to get good at it. And you've got to have at least one stump speech. One key speech about your one best thing that you have down pat and you're really good at delivering. You only need one. You can live off of one for a long time. I lived off of magnetic marketing for 14 years. But you've got to have it. And it should be practiced and it should be polished and it should be perfected. And it should be so you can be woke up in the middle of the night and they give you three words and you can come out of a dead sleep and start where they gave it to you and roll and get it right. It's a real important asset. And it almost doesn't matter whether it's a group of 10 or a group of 100 or a group of 1000. You gain so much power by being up there that it's such a valuable asset that not to develop it doesn't make a great deal of sense. So you want to work on it and you want to get good at it and you want to develop it and you want to own it. The most important thing to know about that is that it like everything else you do ought to be strategic and purposeful. Meaning that the speech has an objective or a set of objectives and it's important to understand what those objectives are. In the context of this discussion the objectives are that they are going to cause people to come to you, chase you down in the halls, seek you out, call you after the fact and beg you to accept them as clients. That's its purpose. In some arenas you may actually be signing, you may be doing a presentation to directly sign somebody up into a coaching program or directly sign them up into a subscription. And that's really platform selling. But short of that you are at least in every environment, your objective is to cause them to chase you down and beg you to take them. Now that means you've got to sacrifice some competing objectives. For example, your objective can't be to get a standing ovation. That has to be irrelevant to you. Your objective can't be to have a whole crowd of people standing around afterwards talking to you. Because actually you don't want a big crowd, you want a small crowd of people who are ready able and willing to give you money and the big crowd just gets in the way. So the person who takes satisfaction and glory and happiness in all 200 of the people that they were just in front of at the chamber meeting or wherever they were all wanting to gather around and tell them how great they enjoyed the speech and tell them a story or show them something sad still good.