Okay, I wanted to make a quick video and just kind of walk you guys through the slides that we created because obviously you guys weren't in the room and you're just listening to the audio so you may be wondering like what in the world are they talking about. So I made a quick video to walk through the slides also to show you this. So this is the blueprint that Dave created that they kind of talk about a lot during the Power Day. You can see it right here. Now I'm not going to go into a lot of detail about it because in the members area, seven figure shortcut, there's two presentations where Dave basically walks through this whole entire process. If you notice, now the first set of slides is around the introduction. They have the introduction and then boom, there's these five slides and there's the grab the tension, there's these three slides and in just so many yes state, there's these five slides and framing, there's these four and your why topic, these two. Best time here, credibility. And then it shifts over to the story part. You got story down, crash, story up. Then you get your offer, your target problem, you offer the solution, you get your five keys, your social proof, show them the lifestyle, show them the benefits and get in their slides around each of those. It comes over to their clothes and then they go from here to here. That's the process. So there's kind of in a nutshell and again in the members area, you'll see a whole present or two presentations where Dave walks you through this. But here it is kind of built out in my slides. Now again, these are unfinished. I still, as the time of this recording, I haven't gone through and kind of finished, you know, kind of finished them out, but you'll be able to see them really quickly. So I'll run through them if they're ever beginning. Oops, let me pause this for one second. Okay, there we go. So here's the intro slide, which is you're about to discover. Boom. So there's my intro. Then you've got, you're about to discover. So here's the slide, three simple steps. So we're live case study, how to get others, how do you open running 40 hours from now and much, much more. Again, I'm not going to go into the psychology behind this because you'll hear it when you go through the power day in here at all there. So I'm just going to kind of click through them all so you'll be able to see them. There's the why. I think that the opportunity is now. Here's all the opportunity reasons that we came up with during my power day. Who am I? Here's my street cred stuff. And then insert picture. That's the picture they found for my template. Then you start telling my story with the Tato gun. It's allowed me to do this and this. Ooh, that's skiing in Dubai. It was a lot of fun. There's Pirate's Cove. I'm kind of fat in that picture. I've lost weight since then. Okay, and living your dreams. Here's me and my brother wrestling in Bear Lake. Here's me beating up some guy. Going to the Olympics. Being with your family, my beautiful wife. Oh, it's after Aiden was born. Cute. There's our family before Aiden was born. My favorite quote. Here's my wife with our kids. Okay, then here's challenges that other people face. Remember when I'm talking about that during the power day? So there's challenges that other people face. And there's the ultimate under-ceiver freedom system. Again, I don't have my picture in there yet, but that was kind of the picture of all this stuff. And here's the three steps. And again, they're talking about having three to five steps. So tomorrow we said three steps. Step one is find a hot market. How do you find a hot market? Let me show you some ways. Then boom. Case study again. Remember, they have social proof between every, as many sections as they can. Then here's some numbers. Okay, then here's step number two. So this is the content part of the thing. We're just giving as much content as possible. Telling this whole story in another case study. Let me give it to them. So here's step number three against the more content, content, content. So we talk about that. And then here's transition there. This is, I think they pulled this out of my old presentation because it helped close a lot. So this is part of their system. This is something they pulled out of my old one. So I'm just going to go through this real quick. Okay. This is one of my tricky closes I use. A lot of people, they don't want to buy the product. So I tell the story about Coach Schultz. He was my wrestling coach at BYU. And basically he had this DVD he gave me and told me that I told me I need to watch it every single day. And then he told me at my wallet, he forced me to, he took every dollar I had basically. And then he told me that, and I asked him, like, why in the world did you do that? He said, well, you need to, you know, he said basically if you don't invest, then you're not going to do anything. And so by taking all my money, I invested and actually spent time watching DVD and I became a better wrestler. So that's kind of my thing about why it's important to invest. If you don't invest in something, then you can't become better. Okay. So this is just some stuff they pulled out of my other presentation. Let me go through these real quick. Okay, another case study. Case study, case study, case study, case study. Okay, this is a big part of theirs if you notice the transition. So will you be the next success story? And then you've got the lifestyle pictures, you've got, you know, boom, boom, boom, boom. Then you've got, here's the system, how it's going to change your life. Here's the benefits of the system. Here's the, where you get access to. One of the big things I took away from them is how they title things. It's not just like access to the membership site. The catch now online acceleration program, like benefit driven titles, which is really good. Value, and then here's the product, there's the value. Here's the software plus the value. Here's the website builder. Here's the system again, done for you. There's more bonuses, more testimonials, more bonuses, more testimonials, more bonuses, more testimonials. Okay, and this is the money slide. This is where they show the offer. Here's the offer. That load is really slow. Anyway, you can see this is, we spent a lot of time building out what the offer is going to be. So here's everything, and the value of all that is $23,000 in rural value. Plus here's some more bonuses, rural value, 24. I think right back here is where we're talking about the if all statements. If you guys listened to the training, we talked about the if all statements, they were really really powerful. What we're going to do, if all it did for you was this would be worth $23,000. Of course, you get them to justify the price. Then it comes down, boom, there's the price. Money back guarantee. Here's the fast action bonus. I get my cell phone. Here's fast action bonus two. They get this cool software. Fast action bonus three, they get to come to school workshop. Here's everything again, plus with the three new bonuses. Boom, rural value $35,000. But you get it off 24. He wants everything for free. If you remember in the training, he talked about this, this is a big thing. It's how he gets people to run the back of the room and say, I don't get it for free if they come to the back of the room. Then boom, here's the slide where they show the pricing. And that's it. So I just want to show you guys basically their slides. So when you're building years, if you want to watch this video, you can kind of go through and pause it and go slower, faster, and just kind of look at all the different elements. Because that's what they're doing in Power Day. They're building out these slides with you so you have them and you can start making money with them. Anyway, hope that helps and I will talk to you guys soon.