And so when I was in church yesterday and what I do, you know, I love to go to church and sing, but as I'm singing, I'm kind of rehearsing my presentation because you're taking me and you're going up. So the same thing with your presentation. So one of the things that I used to do with my presentation is, I used to be so scared and terrified. And I did it so many times, I started to sing my presentation because it was less scarier to sing your presentation. And so what I used to do is, is I used to put headphones on right before I get up on stage to get like a trigger. It's gonna matter what playing, whatever's going on in my life, I put the heads in and listen to one song and I listen to the music. And I just get my body going and I start getting the melody and the beat and the rhythm. I used to listen to dance, techno music. So I get up on stage, I do the same thing, I keep my rhythm, blah, blah, blah, blah, and you get a da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da. And I would kind of sing it until we let the song and people, oh my god, you're the best voice ever. I was just kind of singing my melody, my melody today. So just, you know, kind of sing your presentation, bring your voice up and bring it down and be very colorful and the key is to breathe. Take huge breaths in. So when you take a deep breath in and you explode your voice out, it's impossible to stop it and your voice comes out very clear, very powerful. You went here when he was literally talking about running out of breath. Yeah. So you hold it so fast. Because you're holding your breath. A good way to get over that is just lay on the ground. You've heard it, you're always talking about the breathing here, not breathing here, you're breathing here. So take a phone book, put it on your stomach, you lay down, you focus, bring it in. As it comes down, you can explode your voice out. So sometimes before, not anymore, when I just get very scared, I just know to breathe and then explode my voice out. Get to the next slide. Breathe in, always breathing and pushing out, breathing and pushing out, breathing and pushing out, very powerful for us. So breathing will help you flow down and then, of course, the power of pause. So what's so good? At the climax of your presentation, a couple spots, pause. And a great way to really pause is to make sure that you have water up there. Now when I used to talk about my foreclosure system, I said, this complete system will do everything for you. We've done everything for you. And I used to say, we did everything for you because I left it up to you, what would happen? Nothing, right? So foreclosures daily, we'd go down to the courthouse to get the pre-foreclosure list. What have you had to do so far? Nothing. For closures daily, we'd take that list. We'd market the postcards off to the pre-foreclosure list. What have you had to do so far? Nothing, that's right. For closures daily, then, we'd take the phone calls. Our secretary would take the system. What have you had to do so far? Nothing. For closuresdaily.com, then, we'd do this. What have you had to do so far? Nothing. And so I was getting them repeating after me. And so far, I said, so now, how many of you now know you can do the system? And I pick up my water and I pause. And I would stop because I got them and I stopped. So some part of your presentation, if you can do the climax up a couple of times, then just stop. Because the most powerful part of language is not just the silence. So if you can just remember. At a certain point of your presentation, just pick up your water and stop. Did you hear the linking with the now? And then he gave him a chance to think. It's almost like Rob Williams. The one thing that he does wrong and he learned not to do it was when people were laughing. He was so excited to go on the next joke. He wouldn't let them laugh and I'd do it the last one. You have to give them that time to laugh, that time to clap, whatever. Yeah, that's a good point. Make those faucets, especially when you're thinking about buying your product. So you can, so the good part. Yeah, so pausing it is very key. So it's hard for us because we're so excited when I talk. So just drink the water that will cause you to stop. I don't see what else little secrets do I have. The other secret that I have to is I'm a strong believer in, you know, I read a lot of personal books and strong believer, you know, we create our own lives. What we think about manifest. And so what I would do before I would speak is if I'm going to speak like tomorrow, I would think to myself and meditate. And so I used to do the same thing when I did with sports. I took into speaking well. So I would do is I'd visualize the game before. So I'm visualizing how everything's going to go. And then I take a piece of paper on it, I write down, I'm going to do 50 sales with number 50 down. Put 50, 50, 50, I'm going to do 50 sales. I look at the number and visualize it. I see people going back 50 people. And then right before I go to bed, I put 50, put up on my mirror and the airplane. I look at 50. I get there. I always go to the bathroom before I get up on stage because I never want to have to worry about taking a piss. I always get in the bathroom. I get down. I pray. I would say, please, Lord, give me the give me the power to get up there and be powerfully and let me come up there and serve and give me help people. And, you know, please, I got, you know, I'm going to help 50 people today. Don't sell people. I'm going to help people and help 50 people today. Because I know if they don't buy my product, I can't help them because you can't change some of them. Because you can't change somebody's life in 90 minutes. You can't. They get your program. They spend time with you. They can change. So I put it in my pocket and I'd get up there and do my presentation. And it was amazing. It was every single time. And it was the exact same number. I put it in my pocket. So I don't know if I was training the universe or training my mind, but somehow. So know your outcome. What is your outcome before you get up on stage? I was speaking at an event and a guy was getting ready to get up on stage. He flew all the way across the country. It's 3, 400 people. He said, hey, I'm an expert in this. I'm on TV. I said, so what are you selling? He goes, nothing. I go, what's your ideal outcome? I don't know. So you flew all the way. I mean, I don't know. I don't know how to sell anything. Well, you're selling something. You can sell your website. You can sell your brand. You can sell it. So always in your mind, I think, well, you know, what's my outcome? Like your outcome is to get applications. So clearly think about how we started at the end of mine. What is my outcome? My outcome is this. And then you can create some of the things that you learned today to make that happen for your outcome. And so that was another thing that I used. And I just want to just give you this little story. When I first started my company for Closure Daily, I hated to sell people. I thought it was wrong. I was told that salespeople were bad. I didn't want to ask people for money because I felt bad for them. And I did an event right here in TANF. There's about 100 people there. I was about to do a presentation. So everybody get up right now and get to the back table and sign up for your full closure list right now. People ran back. And I'll never forget this guy came up to me. He's like, hey, they spoke broken English. I was like, David, David. I'm like, yeah, he goes, I just came to this country. I want to list. I've got my last thousand dollars. I'm going to give you my last thousand dollars. He was going to give me a cash or something. It's all I had. And I knew the likelihood that only 4% succeeded. I'm like, no, no, no, no, no, you better keep. No, no, David, I want this list. I'm like, no, no, no. So it gave me his last thousand dollars. Oh my God. I went home that night. I'm like, I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I can't do this. I took that guy's money. I felt so bad. And I used to kind of study my clients of who made it, who didn't. I used to play this game of which one's going to be the next guy, which one's not. So five months later, I asked my dad who my dad worked for me. I said, dad, what happened to that guy, Jose? He said, hey, if he went out and bought five properties, made over half a million dollars. And as I heard that story, I was reading a book by Brian Tracy. It said, who are you to be God to determine who can and can't make it this world? All you can do is offer the best service possible and go out there and passionately try to help people. So I read that it hit me. And then it also hit me that you can't change somebody's life in an hour. You can change somebody's life if they come to your event. If they spend time with you, if you can teach them all the things and help them. That's the only way. So when I would get up on stage, I wouldn't sell people. I would help people. So I would truly get up on stage and I would be like, in my bottom, my heart, if I knew that they didn't mind my system, they were going to go back to their crappy jobs, back to their bad relationship, back to their miserable life. This was the only way for them to really make a difference. I had to do everything possible to change their things. So I would just go crazy up there. Another thing that I did to help me out when I was real nervous is that I read the secret and it impacted me a lot. And I knew that there was a big following back then. So I used to buy a secret before I'd get up on stage and I'd go, this secret is going to go to somebody who needs it. And so I believed that if I could just change one person's life every time I spoke, then it was worth it. And so I'd give that secret out to one person in the crowd and give that person an opportunity to change their life. So it just gave me that different energy. And it was amazing because every time I gave the secret out, guess what they did at the end of my presentation? They bought it. What was the secret? Oh, you got the secret. Oh, the book. Yeah, the book. The secret. So that's another good thing too that you can give away too is if you decide to do the three courses like we've got, the three of the best, three of the binders up there, is give your course out during your presentation because of the law of reciprocity. And you talk about something, okay, great. Who wants the marketing system? Who wants the complete marketing system? Ahah, it leads. Who wants the system? Well, great. Here you go and you give it away. Okay. Now, he's only got one of three. He's already got one third of the product. How's he getting the rest? He buys, right? So every time I give away, they buy. And then the other thing is, is everybody else wanted that? Who wants the marketing system? Who wants it? Yes, I want it. I want it. I want it. I want it. So you're getting them to say, I want your product. I want your product. I want your product. Well, great. So it gives you a great way to talk about your product. Well, great. I've got something very special here. You're all going to want this. This is going to show you how to drive more traffic to your leads. This is going to show you how to make more money online. This system here, does this, this, that. Now, who wants it? Well, great. You've got to talk about it. You've got them saying yes to wanting it and then you give it away. And then of course the only way for them to get it is to buy it. So another strategy you can do. I always gave my course. So I have two courses up on the stage. One that I would give away and one that would be up there left. And it's, you know, people want it. You know, it makes it more fun. You can, you know, do some stuff. So it was another thing that I did is I always gave away that. I've done it before. It's like a free raffle and hey, pop at your business card. I'm going to give it away. Do, do, do, do. And that was a fun thing and everybody clapped for it. But guess what I captured? The phone numbers and emails. Every single time. Yeah. I love what Dave said because I was thinking right before he said it too. It's the philosophy from the stage. Are they doing you a favor if they run through the back and buy? Or if your system really does what it says it does, you're going to have these fantastic results. Didn't you actually screw every single person that you, you didn't give enough of yourself. You didn't convince them to buy and they go home broke because we didn't try hard enough to get them to buy something that was pennies and dollars for what they're giving. It's, it's coming from that place of giving that really helps to make the sale. If they feel that, if they feel like, oh God, I hope I can talk them and they go into the back and room. Bad energy. You won't sell your bad energy. Yeah. So yeah, so that's kind of some of the, some of the strategies that I used to be terrified to get up on stage. So I would come from a part of giving and knowing that the change of life, they had to buy my product. That's what I use in my presentation. The secrets. I always wear a suit and if you do a three day event, let's just say you're teaching the first day, wear a suit and tie, and then the second day you can dress, you start to dress down. So if you're there for three days, first day, suit and tie, second day, maybe suit with no tie, third day, you can wear jeans and a coat or something. And the reason why is even Dustin did this, and I'm not a marketing guy, some guys can get up there and wear jeans. Well, sometimes that's an insult to some people. Majority of the customer, half the customers are females. And females are brought up differently than males. Females are brought up, they're always about their jewelry, their accessories, their purses, their shoes, their watches, these accessories. And so when a female looks at a male, that's what she looks at. Watching the shoes. And to her, being respectful is dressing nice and doing that. That's why most guys don't have a chance. It's because they don't even realize that the accessories are very important for a female. So when I always do my presentation, I always wear a suit and tie, I always have cufflinks, nice watch, and I'm always looked like a superstar. It's because people judge you. Because we did an event and we asked people, what was your thinking about, you know, and somebody complaining about the speaker's shoes, girls complaining, tell me these are your shoes. What does that have to do with a freaking event? People are freaking insane. And it bears out in the research and you'll see it sales going up and down, how the back of the room is doing. And you're trying to build credibility. How do you build credibility? You're looking like you haven't got any. I'm gonna tell you about my bold, my hot, my yacht, my mansion, and I got a hole in my shoe. The only way you can get around that is when you were a superstar like Frank, and he's already up there, or if he does that, he's too high. So he does that so he dresses down to him. If you have that celebrity status, which you know you do at some places, and you don't have to do that, now you're dressing down to them, but a guy starting off or people that don't know you, then it's better to dress. You'd have to dress nice. And always wear a blue. Why do you wear blue? A whole warm interior to the fella. Trust. Blue is trust. So trust in that and they have to trust you about it. So I always wear blue. Blue is the best selling color there is. I don't know. What else? Can you tell me how to test it? I think it's about that. Okay, let's see where Dustin's at so we can get through this thing. You don't know what you could do is what I do too before I get up on stage, is I jump up and down. You know Tony Robbins jumps on the trampoline. Yeah, he actually left some bits of stuff back there. I do the same thing. So I put the same techno song and every time I've seen this trigger, and then I sit and I just jump up and just get my energy level, get my vibration level up and just jump, jump, jump, jump. I did that because I was nervous before. But then when I get up there, I was like, bam, I'll run up on stage. The other thing too is when you get up on stage, statistics have shown that the sale happens within the first three to five minutes. Right at the beginning is right of important. And first impression, there ain't nothing to buy her that quick. And research have shown that a female, when she first meets a male, within 3.5 seconds will know she's going to sleep with that guy. That quick, that's how fast we make judgments. So when you get up on stage, you've got to come up powerful. A lot of guys come up and say, oh, thank you very much. The bathrooms are over here. Turn your cell phones off. No, you want to get right in that great state. You want to get right in that state. So another great strategy. I forgot to tell you about this one. This is a cool one. Sometimes I speak it for the 7,000 people. Sometimes it was small. But what I want to do is get inside everybody's subconscious. Everybody's modern. So I would use the word you. Most people go, hey, folks, ladies and gentlemen, guys. So that's talking like as a group. Ladies and gentlemen, how are you doing today? How many of you replaced folks and guys to you? How are you doing? I felt like you were talking to me. I just used the word you. How are you doing? How many of you can see yourself doing that? And so I would do that. The other thing too, and I used to have the promise saying you guys a lot. I'm very male oriented. Girls are coming up, man, you're also you guys. So what I did is I changed it to friends. I watched Joel, Austin speak. And I watched him and he was like, friends, the Lord here wants you. Friends, I'm thinking. Friends. Instead of saying ladies and gentlemen or folks, friends. And then you're in small invited. So you can change that to friends. All right, let me go see what's going on over here. Sometimes if you need like a quick pause and you can't get to your water bottle or something, you can do it thinking gesture. Like you start doing the walk and you go like this. I don't know what you're sharing with us. Just thinking about it. I'm really good. I'm like this. So I truly want to get out of this thing. I'll do the thing. Okay, guys. Just have a look. Yeah. Well, you've been involved in all this. I do what's called advanced training seminars. That's my company. And then I have speakers organizations. So TMP, our Persian speakers association. I have about 70 speakers. And that's kind of how I put them in this state. I teach at three different universities. I do a lot of summer business. I came from a family business. Very interested in the internet for years and years and years. I do internet marketing. I'm kind of like what you do. But more and more business is going out as opposed to summer product. And then SEO. You're doing SEO? Yeah, first of all, people are out moving. Like others. I'm talking to us there about two weeks. Probably. For 13 days this was wait for the search engines. It's probably easier to know. If you know how to do it and you lay it out right. The main thing is you know about it. So once I set it up, occasionally I'm going to blog or put an article up for making a page or a video just to do these three things. But if you're behind the search engines and you're there for another few months. It's always they left. It sounds like a lot. They don't gain a traffic. You know that the internet stuff is the cheapest ever. And also the last that anybody would ever come to. They got a bank account. We keep filling down the other pages. You know, there's taking a lot of dirty ways to people. You can't put it in below the mail. You know, in the old school, it's just too easy and too free. And too... There's a lot better like traditional advertising. So the main thing for doing the most expensive, the least expensive, they're doing it from the least effective to the most effective. They do it at the last. And it's like, you're right, even if you're doing it offline, you can get it two different ways. Postcard, it drives you to the website, but also sells you from the postcard. Postcards are what? The newsletter, they send out very low tech, very low expense, huge, you can become a viral, it's online, it's offline, stuff like the outpad, none of these papers to you, right? That's the last one. You've run out of all your cheap, effective resources. You've hit all your warm leads. And now it's just like... You can still tweak out some cost-benefit analysis, so you throw in the extra money. And if it's only the other duress, only as a last resort, you can max out everything, and all that low-handy stuff. If I could put it better now, he... He's doing TV, but he's doing Google TV, so he created a little, like, a limited commercial just on the office, which is smaller than this. And then he goes and buys $100 a day on Google, plays some remnant through there, and he gets to converting. He finds a media buyer and blows it up. He's the golf product, and they're doubling over now on it, and they're just gonna have 50 grand a month, and bring another 50 profit. And the videos are easy, because they just have to be one or personal. They're not gonna be one or whatever. The more technically you make them, the more should they get. For me, it's the best. For two minutes, the second best. For three minutes, the third best. That's four minutes you just screwed up. Usually, you get two tops. If you've got four minutes worth of stuff, you don't have to call me. Two to whatever it is. The viewership goes number seven, so... I'm sure... If you're interested in that one, I'll give you the lighting. I'll short you time to grab you. And now it's nice you can go up through two old holes and those types of things, and you can show you off all the different items. It's almost as quick just to open the different windows, and as you're loading your stuff, set up the specific ones. You have to be careful. You might put something in two holes, but it shoots out high 20 grand different providers. Some... you can't put your website on. Some you can't. Some you can't do information. Some you want to have those things that you can pay from some sites. It will shut you down instead of set you up. So it's almost easy to do any of those services. Unless you click them all up, your users are always, always the same. They're always, always the same. They're always the same business. And then those are your users. Alright. I'll let you show... I'll let you show. I'll let you show. I'll let you show. I'll let you show. I think that's about it. He's going to be doing a lot more sales now. What's kind of the ratio of two looms size versus his conversion versus how many people should have processed the back of the world? Oh man, yeah. Well, the challenge is he's not going to be able to control a lot of it because he's speaking on people's stages. So you're going to have to pull into a lot of... I'm more of a webinar. I'll be in your less speaking world. I speak of the big one, right? Yeah, that's awesome. I'm going to go down to the webinar part of some more right now. That's smart. You're building an awesome business, man. I'm going to stop. It's easy to do. You're going to get a thousand people in a room. You're going to have to leave your house. It's all period. You've got period quarter. But you know, it's nice. It's not going to get smarter. It's a little bit faster than the last one. Do you think there's any people in your list that could use our service? Yeah. So we do... We should do a webinar service? Did you guys do something like that? Yeah, we did. We could do... We could do charge them a percentage. They give me a percentage of that percentage. Well, you know what we could do is we could do a webinar with me and you and I can share them all this stuff. And have your call center. It's a high-ticket and I don't know if people are going to pay 10 grand. You just have a box to teach this to? We have our homestudy system which is out there, which is the whole system. How to run events, do webinars. So we've got the homestudy we saw with the price of 14.95. We could do that on a webinar and then I could just hint that that's like an application fee for this. We could sell them and get a call center. I'll sell them and say, hey listen, would you like that I personally write your presentation? Or... We could do many versions of this too where you had someone who was... We were thinking about actually... They feel all these questions, send them back. Yeah, so... Sometimes it's quality for them but they're thinking, we're going to do workshops. I get five speakers, I pay like five grand and we can do like these some day line where we do it like in a hotel or do five presentations at once. So it's... Our biggest bottleneck is a lot of our time. So we're building a business on all our time, which is extremely difficult. Same thing. We just had 5% of everyone that used to be done last year. Oh. Never before began. It's true, we never thought again. Yeah, especially... Well, we're definitely going to change some stuff. But I've got the forever never thing, right? Grandfather down. Because I made fun of you and I wanted to do it about that. So now I have to... I do love it. I'd really like to talk to you about us working more together to help you out. I think there's a lot of things we can help you get better at. I think there's some good things we can do better at. It's a little better. Awesome. Alright. You're going to rock through it and I'll make changes on the fly? Did you add any of his flies into this? Yes. Yeah, you didn't see him? He's got to be like the whole PowerPoint slide. Yeah, I know. I realize that. Way too many. Yeah, so I took even more out. So continually refining. Alright, so I'm going to do my attempt. Just do. Can you print out the presentation for him so we can have a good look at the big notes? So we're going to print this out so you can see me going through it. What I'll do is I'll do some stuff and I might stop and say, here's where you do this. And so then you can see it so you can watch them. And then what you'll do is is if you decide listen to me a bunch of times and then you're going to practice and then you're going to do that webinar to AJ and make sure you got everything, everything's good. Add some of your parts in it and then we're going to make the final tweaks and after that you send it off to the transcription so you got your presentation done. Awesome. A lot of our speakers just read their presentations. Do you guys know Karen Hanover? No, she's the Ken and you guys are Karen. Shaper, yeah, Karen Shaper. We've seen her little system that she's got where you record the thing and pull the thing in her ear and then she's an actress and that's the easiest thing to do. So she gave me one of them so you record the whole thing and you're saying it and you put something in your ear and it's in the pocket and there's a little button under your shirt and you pause it and make me talk and you hit it and it pauses or at least on your leg and you touch your leg to stop the plays. But that's what she's like, I just record the whole thing and then blow my domain presentation that fast. I think what you learn it, but that's interesting. We should get it to play with, I'd like to. Yeah, that's man, you have to be really skilled to do that though, I think. It's okay, Toshi. Oh, thank you so much. I need a speaker to put in your grill. Thank you guys so much. Lipstick. I know, it's an alien to come back. We got a guy yesterday came to us and he was like, Dave, I want you guys to write the presentation and since I got a voice people don't like, I swear to have you do it. So when I was writing the presentation I was just doing it for him. I was laughing at my buddy because he wanted to do some stuff like that and he didn't have to do stuff like that and I said, this is great. I mean, he had the voice for it, right? I don't think I have the place for it. There's more coming in. Okay. Okay, here we go. Another thing too is what I wanted. You know how to do presentation mode when you can see the slide before it happens? On Mac, I can't back in. I can't see it on Windows. Is it easy? Yeah. I'm always late. What you want is you want to talk and then have the PowerPoint slide come up. The PowerPoint slide is validating you. What most guys do is they'll click on the lips and they're validating the presentation. Now we want you to talk and then bam, it emphasizes you. Does that make sense? So if you do the presentation mode you can see what your next slide is You want me to do that? No. It's got a little PowerPoint. Oh, for PowerPoint. Okay, so in a moment, I'm going to introduce a person in front of mine and his name is Russell Brunson. Russell Brunson has been just shattered the whole internet marketing world. He's done something where he has found out a secret system that generates tons of money online and makes tons of money. How many of you believe the internet is going to get bigger or smaller? How many things are going to get bigger? How many of you realize there's going to be more millionaires created than online and the next year than ever in history? How many of you guys can agree with that? How many of you realize that for you to become a multi-millionaire, you've got to get online? What I want to do is bring Russell Brunson, the internet millionaire to show you not only how to make millions of dollars online, he's going to show you how you can completely do it for you. So let's go ahead and give him a warm welcome. Thank you very much, Dave. Thank you. How are you doing today? How are you doing? Well, great. Well, I'm honored to be here with you today and excited because what I'm about to share with you today is how my underachiever formula what you're about to discover is how you can make a ton of money online. Now I'm going to show you how to start a business online. I'm going to show you how to get residual income. I want everyone of us to write that down. Residual income. Because what I want to share with you today is not only how you can make money today but have money consistently come into your life. Have you ever wondered why it seems like some people can make so much money online, why others struggle just to even get a website put up? Have you ever wondered how you could be that person that creates that website that makes a million dollars? Have you ever wondered how you can get find that one easy little niche that's going to be the next thing? By a show of hands, how many of you want me to show you how to make more money? Come out and say, oh yeah. Seriously, I flew all the way from Tampa, Florida to be here with you and Dave wanted me to show you some amazing strategies on how many of you want me to show you how to make more money? Awesome. By a show of hands, how many of you want me to show you how to put $30,000 in your pocket in the next 60 days? Put them up. Awesome. By a show of hands, how many of you want me to show you a proven step-by-step system that will guarantee you more money in your bank account but don't say, oh yeah. How many of you would like to get the most of our time together? I want that for you. For most of you in this room, it's going to be the beginning of a long term relationship. Once I show you and teach you how easy the internet could be, once I show you and teach you how you can make so much money, once I teach you how you can have money coming in day after day, you're going to want it to be for life, I promise you that. So what you're about to discover here in a moment, I'm going to show you my simple three-step system to create tiny little websites that can earn you money while you sleep. I'm also going to show you and teach you in a moment how a real-life case study of a couple that makes $15,000 per month and how you can do the same thing. I'm also going to teach you here in a moment how to how to get others to quickly use and do all the work for you. I'm also going to show you here today is how to get up and running within 48 hours right now. Who's ready to make money right now? Well great, I promise you two things. At the end of my presentation, I'm going to show you and teach you how to dominate online and I'm going to show you and teach you how to become a multination and much, much more. So why am I excited about the underachiever from that? Why am I excited to be here today? Well let me tell you why I'm excited. Because there is so much opportunity to make money online. There's so many millionaires be creating online. Right now, you can make money right from the comfortable of your home. That's right. A lot of you have families just like me, I'm going to tell you a little bit about my family. But I'm a strong believer in having a home based business. I don't know if you knew this. Back when America first started off, back in 1970, that 95% of Americans actually were self-employed. That's right, 95% of Americans actually were self-employed. And only 5% of the population had a JLB. Today it's actually changed, that's right? That's right, we've got about 5% of people who are business owners and 95% of people that have a JLB. So I'm here to tell you to show you how to have your own business. Right from your home. The great thing that I'm going to show you here in a moment, why I'm excited about the internet, is because it's so easy and with a little investment you can get started. That's right. I'm also going to show you and teach you how you can completely automate this business. So you can have free time to do the things you want to do, spend with the loved ones that you want. I'm also excited about online because there's going to be more millionaires in ever made even before the real estate injury from online use. And that's why I'm excited. Why is the opportunity now? Why do you need to get involved now? Well, this is why. Because social media has made traffic so much easier, cheaper and free. The opportunities now is more people are online than ever before. More people are experiencing greater pain before there's so much opportunity and people are desperate for solutions. So the time is right now and technology made it so easy for people to look up and buy your product online. So again, so who am I? So here we're going to build our credibility. So let me tell you who I am. Don't pride, but just kind of be like, so let me tell you a little myself. My name is Dave Van Hoos and the CEO and founder of my company. I've generated over 10 million deal, 10 million a year online. I'm an international speaker and consultant for major companies all across the world. I've authored 300 works in the making, whatever, 300 concepts. I'm the leading authority and training on people making money online. I've been on CNN, Fox, NBC TV and I've also been published in the magazine. So it wasn't always this way though. So let me tell you my story of how I got started and so you can see how this system has changed my life and how this system will change yours. I remember my senior year in college. I graduated from college and I made over $250,000 a year. Within the first year, whatever, so here you're going to tell your story. As you can see, I'm here with Tony Robbins. Everything was great. Telling my story. Life is great. And the most important thing to me is family. How many of you guys can agree with that? Family is the most important thing. Well, that is the most important thing and I'm here to share with you how you make so much money and so you can spend and give money to your family. So now a lot of other entrepreneurs come to me all the time. How many other entrepreneurs come to me and they're facing a lot of challenges, aren't you? They just don't have the time. A lot of other people come. They just don't have the time. They don't have the experience. They don't want to set up these websites. I see a lot of people that try to get online and they're using the wrong systems. I see a lot of people just so overloaded with information. How many of you are just so overloaded with information? Yes. And you know, some of you have learned strategies are not working. How many of you have websites and other stuff online? It's just not making you money. Well, and there's a lot of you that have websites are not converting and some of you don't even have any traffic. So what I did is I created, because I've got the Complete Solutionary. It's the Alter-Underchiever Freedom System. That's right. This is the most easy to use turnkey business in a box franchise like done for you system on the planet. This system right here is going to solve all your problems. So now I'm going to share with you my three key steps to success. I want everybody to take a piece of paper out right now. You're going to want to write these down. Step number one is you need to find out what the hot markets are. You need to find out what markets are. Hot markets. Step number two is you need to ask them for what they want. Ask them for what they want. That's right. And number three, you need to give it to them. Step number three is what? That's right. So step number one is we need to find the hot markets. That's right. So what I'm going to share with you is this is the secret to making a lot of money online. You need to find the hot markets. So you need to be watching TV, blah, blah, blah, blah, talk to people at Patch or find out what people are searching for online. Here's one of my students right here. Again, story time. I'm going to tell you my story. The case study number 17. Jen. Jen had this idea. She found out this little niche. She used this system and again, look at this. She made $88,000. Utilizing the strategies I'm sharing with you there. Just imagine an envision. What $88,000 would do for you. How many of you would like to make $88,000? I'm going to share with you the moment of how you can make that happen. And again, they're having residual every month. Step number two is you need to ask them for what they want. So you need to find out. Do a mini survey. Ask the key questions. Find out what their pain is. Find out what really people want. Then you need to hire a ghost writer to write the e-book for you. The simple thing is this whole process is in my system. I share with you exactly how to find the ghost writer. I share with you how you can completely automate this easy system. And in volume number two, I share I have a survey in there so that you can see exactly what to do. What is this right? Oh, so case number. This is another one of our students right here. Her name, his name is Ryan. Ryan took the system, implemented the exact strategies I'm sharing with you in my system. And again, he made over $12,000 a month residual. By a show of hands, how many of you would love to make extra $12,000 every month? You know what this result says? Oh, let's get it later. Seriously, how many of you can envision yourself becoming the next internet market? Who can envision themselves being the next internet market? Well, I'll share with you in a moment how I can do that. Step number three is you need to give it to them. You need to set up a simple, easy, one-page website. You need to create a free, resistible offer. You need to place banner ands on websites, forms, outstanding traffic. This is making sense, isn't it? How many of you are getting this? Seriously, how many of you are getting this? I'll share with you one of my students right here that got the system and is getting it. He's simply driving more traffic. This is longer content. Okay. So, just like Oprah, Oprah took my system home. It's easy with my system. What would that be if that's the one that's right? And Oprah says, I want to thank you so much. Russell, you're the best thing that's ever happened to me. If it wasn't for you, I would never start a billion dollar company. She's a severe underachiever. Yes. So, she's set this system. She's implemented exactly what I'm teaching here today. That's how she's became successful. So, here's what we did for Oprah. Here's what 100 people have her. So, here's my headquarters. As you can see, I'm a strong believer in studying, reading manuals. I'm a strong believer in... and here are my headquarters at my office. I've been studying success and I've been modeling success. I'm going to put our course right after this. So, I've got the complete headquarters, but I'm missing one major system into my business. The seven-figure speaking empire. I finally got the gem that I've always been looking for. And this spot's been open right there, and I've been just waiting to get it, and I'm going to give it to you today. So, why do I buy products? Why do I... Why do I divide every product? Well, I'm a strong believer in modeling success. Don't you agree? If you model all those successful people do, you will become successful. That's right. And so, that's what the biggest thing. Did you know that nine out of ten small businesses fail? Nine out of ten small businesses fail. If they use a franchise-like or a system, nine out of ten succeed. So, how many of you would like to have a proving system? How many of you guys would like to have a franchise-like system? I'm going to share with you in a moment how you can have that system. And what I'm here to share with you is... Here's another case studies. Joy Anderson was a full-time teacher. She had kids. And she was working at her J-O-V, her job. But anyway, does anyone know what the acronym of job is? Just overbroke. Why would we have one of those things for? So, I'm here to teach you how to get out of your J-O-V and start generating money online right now. So, here's one of my students right here. Joy took the system home within the first thirty, sixty, ninety days of setting up her business, we made over $13,000. Just imagine and envision what that could do for you. How many of you would like to make extra $13,000? Put them up and say, oh yeah. I'm going to share with you exactly how you can have the exact same system as her. Here's another one of my students right here. Frank took the system again. I want to thank you so much. Dave, I took your system home and I'm finally out of my J-O-V. Here's another one of my students right here that took the system. Here's another one of my students. This is going to be my next success story. Who wants to be the next multi-millionaire real estate investor? They don't have marketing. Well, great. I believe everybody can live the life you always want to live. I believe scarcity is a myth. Just imagine and envision what it would be like to send your kids to any college that they wanted to go to. Just imagine and envision pulling off the car lot, your ideal car, just driving down the road and what would that feel like? How many of you would love to be able to buy that dream house on the water and be able to watch the sunsets every night and listen to the ocean come crashing in? Just imagine and envision what it would be like to have more time back so you could spend more time with your family traveling around the world. Just imagine and envision what that would look like. How many of you want me to show you the exact system that I'm using and my students are using to have this kind of life? Who wants me to show you the exact system? Well, great. Here it is. It's the Altered Underachiever Freedom System. This is the most complete, done for you, easy to use, online system. This system, the benefits of this system is you're going to have more time with your money. The benefits of this system, you're going to be able to work alongside of me. You're actually going to have more money. You're going to get started faster and you're going to have proven results using this system. When you take action today, what you're going to get today is you're going to get the complete cash now, online accelerated program. This system right here is we're going to fast track your success. You're going to have the accelerated program. It's going to walk you through step by step. You're going to have all the communities, all the videos, all the trainings and everything. This is that over $4,997. Take a deep breath in in between these. And you're also going to get the Ultimate Cheaper Home Study System. This is the easy to use, step by step system. This system right here is going to show you how to make more money. This is about over $1,995. And you're also going to get today when you take action today to get to the back table. You're also going to get the Automated Software Bundle. That's right. This complete Automated Software is going to do everything for you. It's going to run all your emails, do all your sales. This complete Automated Software right here, this alone is worth the price of the whole system. This right here is about over $982. You're also going to get when you take action today and get to the back table. You're going to get the Customs Point and Click Website Builder. That's right. This right here, we're going to completely build all your website. All you got to do is point and click right here. No programmers. This is about over $1,147. You're also going to get today when you take action. That's right. The Done For You service bolt-on team. That's right. We're going to do everything for you. Who would like me to set up your websites? Who would like me to do everything for you? Great. I'm going to do that today. When you take action today, I'm going to have the Done For You secret niches, the Done For You hottest markets, Automated Sales Machine. Everything is completely done for you. This is priceless. You're also going to get the Instant Traffic Generator system. This right here, this system, is about over $2,000. You're also going to get that today when you take action. You're also going to get the starting profits now, online, ATM system. This is going to get you up and running within the first $24 to $48. Who's ready right now to start making money? Who's ready right now? Well, great. For those of you ready right now, we got this system so you can start generating money now today. Not tomorrow. Start taking money right now. This is priceless to give yourself. You're also going to get the Cashflow Jumpstart coaching program. That's right. I'm going to get that coach personally by me and my team. This year is about over $1,997. So you're going to get the Complete Alter-Underachiever Freedom System. You're going to get everything I talked about today and more. You're going to get the Complete System. You're going to get da, da, da, da, da, da, all these things about over $23,000. Let me ask you this question. If all this system did for you, was get you out of your J-O-B generating money online so you could spend more time with your family, would it be worth the investment? Of course it would. If all this system did for you, was help you become a multi-millionaire and get that new niche product out there, would it be worth the investment? Of course it would. So what would you do? What would you do? What would you do? What would you do? What would you do, and what would you do? I want to give you a huge bonus today by helping me fill my shelves. I love courses and reading and studying success. And what I want to do today for any old courses sitting on your shelf that aren't working or working what I'm going to do today. I will buy your courses, send them to my office and what I'm going to do for you today is take this as easy for you today, I want to give you a brain dead opportunity. So what I'm going to do today is you send me one of your old courses right now today and I'll tell you what I'll do. I will discount this $23,000 investment. You just send me one course to my office and today and today only right now for the first 30 of you that get up right now, get to that back table and sign up, you're going to get this small little easy totally risk free investment today of only $2,497. So go ahead and get up right now, get to the back table and start becoming a multi-millionaire now. Now, I believe in this system so much and I'm so passionate about your success that when you do the right thing and get up and go to that back table right now, you get 100% money back guarantee no questions asked. That's right. If you sign up today, let me take all the risks. Is that everything I talked about? Just simply refund it and I'll give you a complete money back guarantee. Now I've got some bonuses. Who wants me to coach them? Who would like to be a coach with you personally? Who wants my coaching program? Well, great. What I'm going to do today is I'm going to give you my results now, coaching, texting system. That's right. This has never been released today. People come to me all the time and they want this. The only way for you to get this today is to sign up today. You're going to get my personal tax, access to me, my power team. This right here is price. It's going to go right to this phone right here. You're going to get this today when you sign up. So get up right now, get to the back table and get started on your success. I want to congratulate, take the time, all the smart and successful people, multi-young millionaires in the back of their minds. Let's go and congratulate all the new internet marketing success students right now. So the rest of you must be bargain students, right? You're looking for a good bargain. Well, I've got a bonus for you. This bonus right here is going to get you more traffic, more money. Who wants more money? Who wants more traffic? Well, great. You're going to get this one. This is the more leads, more profit, traffic software system. This software system is going to make you more money. We're going to bolt this on. This is prices. So who wants this system? Well, great. The next 10 of you that go back right now are going to get this for free. I've got also a mega, mega bonus. Who wants a $12,000 bonus? Who wants a $12,000 bonus? Well, great. I'm going to throw in today my million dollar workshop. That's right. We're going to have this three-day event, my millionaire workshop. We're going to go over the cutting edge, money-making, proving strategy that are working today. We're going to learn everything about the internet, making money. You're going to meet my team. You're going to meet all my success students who are there. This right here is a $12,000 investment. Who wants this $12,000 investment for free? For those of you who have your hands up, go back now to the back table. I'm going to throw this in for free. So let me go with this amazing offer, this unbelievable, amazing turnkey done for you system. You're going to get today when you take action. The Alture Underachiever Freedom System. You're going to get everything I talked about today. And you're also going to get these fast-action bonuses today. This brand new offer today that's only good today. You're going to get bonus number one, bonus number two, bonus number three. This is a $35,000 investment today. Today and today only right now, you're going to get it for your small, little easy investment of only $2,497. You're totally risk-free investment today. Ask yourself this question. When would now be the time for you to start living the life you've always wanted to live? When would now be the time for you to start working and making money online? When would now be the time to start partnering up with successful people to make money? When would now be the time to go to www.callwithrossell.com and sign up right now? Now what if I can do something even better than this? How many of you know you want the system? You want me to give it to you and when you would like for me to give you this complete system for free? Everybody that signed up tonight or in the back table is going to be able to get this system for free. So what I'm going to do, go to www.callwithdave.com, sign up today. You're going to sign up for $2,497. We're going to take the deposit. You're then going to take the complete system home. We're going to start generating money as your friends and everybody starts seeing all your success. Refer three people that get involved in the system and you're going to get your complete online business in a box system for free. So go ahead and go right now to www.callwithdave.com. Make sure you put in the security code. I want this for free. Plug in that. You must put that code in. You must be one of the first 50 people over there. I'm only a visitor for the first 50. For everybody that's already signed up, you already have the access and we're going to send you the certificate and you're going to get this system for free. So great. I want to thank everybody for being here on the call. I've got a couple questions that are coming in. I've got a couple key questions. So I'm just going to take the time real quick to answer a couple questions. First of all, I want to thank everybody. I can see a lot of people are signing up right now and congratulate each and every one of you that has taken action. So question number one. Hey, Ross. So my name is Dave. I don't know really how to work the internet. I barely have any expertise by utilizing your system. Will your team help me and work with me? That's a great question. That's right. Our team specializes in beginners online. We're going to work and do everything with you and build up your business. And again, this is a perfect opportunity for you. Greg, another question. Hey, my name is Dustin. I have a couple websites put up already. Will this help me drive more traffic and give me more leads and make more money? That's great. With this word, this system is a bolt on business or whatever works for you already. This system will help you generate more money. I've got just time for one more question. Hey, my name is Dave. I got a question for you. My question is, hey, I'm over here in Tampa, Florida. Will this work in the Tampa Bay area? That's a great question. Dustin, guess this will work anywhere in the country. All you got to do is sign up now. So I want to thank everybody for being on the call. Remember, do the right thing. Ask yourself this question. Are you worth the investment? Is your family worth the investment? If the answer is yes, go right now, sign up, start making money online, and take advantage of this complete system. So I want to thank you very much. For any of you guys that have questions, you can call our 1-800 number. We'll answer them right here live, and we'll get you signed up today. Any questions? Dave, real questions during the call? Thank you. But whatever is...