It's more hard to do here than in the US. Oh, they have to do here. Because these are the people that I'm talking about. Okay, so... Someone's introduced me. Yep, I'll introduce you. Folks, I'm so excited to have on tonight's call one of my personal friends. Now this guy's done over $10 million, and I gotta share with you, he got started using a formula that he's gonna reveal tonight. He's been showing entrepreneurs all across America, all across the country, all across the world, exactly how to implement an easy to use formula so that you can go out and raise money. Wouldn't that be awesome if you could go out literally within 48 hours of generating money? Well, our next speaker's gonna show you exactly how. So without further ado, Mr. Russell Brunson. Hey, everyone, it's Russell. I'm so glad to be here today. Now, before I start, I have a couple quick questions for you. First thing is, have you ever wondered how some people are gonna make a lot of money online while other people really, really struggle? No matter how hard they try, no matter how hard things they do, or have you ever wondered how you get more free time with your family so you can not spend time working on your business but actually spend time with your family to automate things? And have you ever wondered how to get the extra money that you wanted, the extra money you want without putting in more hours in your job, more hours into your work every single day? If so, then I've got a really cool system for you that I'm gonna be talking to you about today. It's called the Underachiever Formula. Now, really, the webinar you're also gonna discover how Mr. and Mrs. X uses the exact same formula, make over $12,000 a month, and it's growing every single month, and you're gonna be able to do this exact same thing too when this webinar is over. Alright, now, you're about to discover a bunch of really important things. First thing, you're gonna learn a simple three-step system that you can use to create tiny little websites that are gonna make you a lot of money even while you're sleeping. Next thing you're gonna learn is a real-life case study of a couple of makes worth $15,000 per month teaching people how to tie hair bows. And the coolest thing about that is they don't even know how to tie hair bows. Next thing is how do you others do quickly and easily do all this work for you for under $3 an hour? And the most exciting for me is the fact that by following the system, if you follow the webinar we're showing you, you can actually be up and running less than 48 hours from right now. So just think 40 hours from today, just imagine making money, have this thing up and running, with everything working, no more going through hours and hours trying to figure stuff out. So 48 hours you can be up and running when you follow what I'm teaching you during this system. I promise you two things at the end of this webinar. The first thing is you're gonna make a lot more money online. The second thing I'm gonna show you a way that I can actually do this entire system before you start to get caught up with all the technical stuff, you're gonna be able to come true, ultra, underture, I'm gonna be able to do it all for you. And much, much more. Now why the underture reform? There's a lot of people teaching that you can make money making systems online, you can see a lot of the garbage, a lot of stuff out there. The first thing that's nice about an underture system is it gives you the ability to make money from the comfort of your very own home. You're gonna have a big office, a big house, you're gonna have a lot of employees, you're gonna have any overhead, you're gonna have the comfort of your home, why you're with your wife and your kids, your spouse and your kids. Next thing is that this is powerful because the investment gets started is very little, it's an easy investment to get started, and again like I said before, you get started quickly. Next thing that's nice about the underture reformula is that it's automated, so it frees up time, if you're gonna have time, you can actually spend a lot more time with your loved ones, or going on vacations, or doing the things you really dream about and you want to spend your time on. And the other thing about the underture reformula is this formula is making more millionaires than ever before. The internet is really the new real estate. What real estate was doing 15 years ago back in the boonings, when people were making millions of dollars, the same thing is happening online today, and I'm gonna show you how we follow this simple system. Alright, so the opportunity is happening right now. Social media has made this, what I'm talking about so much easier and cheaper than ever before. In fact, when I got started a long time ago, it was a lot harder. We've spent a lot of money to drive traffic. Today it's completely free, and on top of that, a lot of it's just completely automated too. Now, there are more people making, there are more people online than ever before, there's more people looking for products and services, and more of these people are experiencing greater pain than ever before, and as you know, the more pain people feel, the more they're looking for solutions, and you're actually gonna become a solution provider for your system, and all these people that have pains, you're gonna go to alleviate those pains and make a lot of money while you're doing it. The other reason is that people are in a desperate need of solutions. They want what you have to offer, and they show you the simple way to get that out in their hands so you can make the money and keep the money as well. And the last thing is that technology has made it easy for people to buy your products and services. It's not something we have to send you checks or money ordered. They click a button, they buy it, and instantly the money appears in your bank account. You wake up in the morning, you go spend that. It's really nice. It happens 24 hours a day, around the clock, whether you're asleep or awake on the beach, the money will come in around the clock. Okay, so who am I? Who am I? I'm Russell Brunson. A couple things. First off, I'm the CEO and founder of a company called DotcomSecres.com. Our company right now generates 10 million dollars a year on the internet, so we know what we're doing. We've been doing this for a little while. I'm an international speaker and consultant. I've created over 300 products including the revolutionary microcontinuity concept. This is a concept done by Chucky. It's about a little bit today. The people are also using it, a lot of money, very, very quickly online. I'm also the leading authority on training and coaching everyday people to make money online. A lot of people teach people how to build their businesses online. My focus, what we're talking about today, is people who have no idea what they're doing, they're just getting started, they want to make money, but they don't know how to do it. That's what we're going to be showing you guys during the system today. I've been featured on CBS, on Fox News, on NBC, and I've also been inside Millionaire Blueprint Magazine showing people this exact same simple system. I've been around the world teaching it. I've been to Dubai. I've been to London. I've been to Fiji. I've been to almost every country you can think of teaching people this exact same system that you're about to learn right now. Here's a picture of the old grumpy wrestler. He used to be miserable. His life was bad. His wife, Henry Likin, she could stand being around him. He was grumpy all day long. He liked wrestling. He was going to his university and having a lot of fun there, but he had a came to a cross-sword in life where he had to quit wrestling or figure out a way to make money online. Wrestling was my passion. I loved it. I did not want to lose that part of my life, so I had to figure out a way to make some money. I tried a lot of things. I felt for all of the scams that were out there. We were as ever some of the scams out there. There were a lot of scams that happened. There were a lot of scams out there. I saw the scams out there. I didn't want to fall for them, so I kept trying things out for things that lost a lot of money. Eventually what happened was kind of cool. I stumbled upon this system. The same system I teach about. It's very simple. It's very easy. When I learned the system, it went from me studying months and months and time and money to suddenly having a very clear, very precise blueprint to make money. The very first project I created using the system is actually called How to Make Potato Gump. We've never heard of a potato gun. We got it from Idaho. In Idaho, all day long, we stood around basically putting potatoes. There were lane all over the place. One spring break, we got bored and my buddy and I started putting together, started moving pipes together and started shooting these potatoes. After spring break was over, I went back to school. I remember during one of my classes, I snuck out of my class and went online. I started searching for different things. I remembered where I was learning about this undercheaper system. I learned that people are searching for things online. I looked and see how many people were searching for potato guns. That month, there were 18,000 people searching for information on how to make a potato gun. I wasn't the only one out there. 18,000 other people were looking for the same thing and nobody had a product out there. I thought, well, crap. I don't want to make potato guns as good as anything else does. My friend, I went down Home Depot. We got a little handy cam. We filmed ourselves making potato gun. We put the DVD out there. 18,000 people all started coming to my website and started selling a ton of DVDs, teach people how to make a potato gun. That was my very first success with this undercheaper system. It wasn't difficult. That's why we call it undercheaper system. It's not something that's big or complicated. It was literally a DVD we knocked out in a couple hours. It was a website we put up that took less than a day to put up. That fast, so 18,000 people who were coming to our website buying our product. What does this business allow me to do? A lot of things. This is a picture of my wife and my eye and our kids. We had a chance to actually go to Fiji last year. Tony Robbins, the bias, came out and speak at his event, teaching us the exact same system to the people that he brought in. We taught the system how to chance our wife and kids at Fiji and their amazing time with Tony and his family. It's been a week in Fiji. My kids still talk about it every single day. They want to go back to Robbins' house. Next thing, this is a picture of me in Dubai. I had a chance to speak out in Dubai. My wife, I went out there for one of our honeymoon. If anyone's ever been to Dubai before, inside Dubai, there's this huge indoor ski hill. It was 110 degrees outside and I was indoor skiing in Dubai. It was a great time. I had a lot of fun. This is a picture of a place called Pirate's Cove in Vegas. This is over 100,000 square foot home. This guy owns in Vegas. Once a year, we rent the whole thing out for a week. We bring all of our friends down there to party and have a ton of fun. It's a big pirate house. There's pools and slides and everything. We take all of our friends down there for a week each year and just have a blast. That's some of the things that this business has allowed me to do. Here's a picture of me getting thrown by my little brother. It's also giving me the ability to live my dreams. I was wrestling in college. When I was wrestling, I started my business and started getting into stuff. A couple of years later, I kind of missed the whole wrestling thing. Recently, I decided that a lot of people, if you're a football fan, your dreams are to buy a football team. My dream was to build my own wrestling club. Last year, we bought a whole facility, built a wrestling club. I hired an Olympic record wrestling coach. We moved to Boise. I recruit the best athletes in the entire country. We flew out to Boise and moved them in there. They all worked for me now during the days. They wrestled in the mornings and the nights. I did that for two reasons. First off, to give off two of the other wrestlers to be successful. And second off, because I am also competing to compete in the 2012 Olympics. I figured the best way to be good is to surround yourself with the best people in the world. That's why we hired the top coach in the world, the top athletes in the world. And the guy I got to beat to be an Olympic team is one of my employees. So, it's kind of nice to know who you got to beat. That's what this business allowed me to do. Next thing is, it gives you the ability to be with your family. This is my beautiful wife, Collette. And one of my... Who here wants a beautiful wife like Collette? Where's my trial clothes? Don't worry about those right now. You'll be okay. Okay. We have beautiful wife, we have beautiful kids. There's the rest of my other kids. Follow up. No success in the competition, failure in the home. So it's very important for all of you guys. You're going to be making a lot of money with this system. And it's important to be grounded. And always remember, it doesn't matter how much success you have. If you're not successful in your home, then it's a failure. You should remember that. That you use this money to build up your family and stuff like that. You know what you could do is every slide or every other slide to your trial clothes. So it's after you slide, then you know how many of you agree or whatever. So that would be a trigger. We want to know down the road. How many of you are getting this? How many of you are getting this? How many of you are getting this? You're going to hear it here. How many of you are getting this? How many of you are getting this? You guys understand the whole family thing, right? You guys are all getting this, right? Okay. Now here's some challenges that other people face me. Here's some of the challenges other people face when they try to get into business. They get frustrated and worn out. So the first thing is they feel like they don't have the time. Time is obviously a rare commodity. In fact, they don't have the time to get started. They don't have the money to get started. What then a big complaint is the internet is so difficult and so difficult. There's so much stuff. I don't have the experience to get started. Right, resolve these concerns right now. You're turning up the pain and then the solution is your product. Next slide, see if you can get the first thing. The next thing is a lot of people have tried systems online. We've tried a system online. A lot of people have tried some online and for whatever reason it does not work. Those pesky gurus are always keeping something out of them. One of the seekers are keeping out of their systems. Next thing is a lot of people get into this stuff. There's so much to learn. There's information overload because there's SEO and PPC and outsourcing. There's so many different components that are so overwhelmed because of information overload. Another thing, a lot of times they get the information and they're studying it and they feel overloaded but the worst thing is that half the time the content they're learning about data doesn't even work anymore. The internet is changing so often, a lot of times those things just don't work any longer. And if they do have a website, the website's up there but it's not making any money. It's not converting. The last thing is that the website's up there but no one actually shows up. Now you guys getting this? You guys getting the assessment frustration here? Yeah, I feel that pain too. I know for a lot of people that's such a frustrating thing. You spend time and energy and money putting this thing up and no one's there to buy it. Now that's what we're talking about. How do you transition from there? So a lot of you jump the pain, no traffic, that's why I created the energy resistant because it takes away all the pain points we just talked about. It makes it very simple, very strategic, easy thing that makes your life very good. You guys getting this? Yeah. Perfect. It's a turnkey, easy to use, step by step, proven, done, used, money, experience, done for you. And then if you're on stage too and you can do the love thing, that's why I created, you go over, you grab it, you anchor it, that's why I created. That's why I created. It's important because you really got it. Yeah, I really am. I mean you don't do it on a early like never before but you're talking and then you just go and that's why I created the ultimate underachiever system for people like you who want to become successful and made the success system because successful people are awesome. Those who aren't getting it are frustrated. Those who are successful to make money with this system. Awesome, very cool. All right, so let me talk to you about the three simple steps to underachiever success. Now we used to have this system and it was like 14 different steps. Okay, give you the idea of this paper. The system used to take 14 steps. It's as simple as humanly possible. We were able to chop it down into just three steps. So you got your pad of paper and pencil. I want you to write these down as I go through them. Step number one is to find a hot market. Write that down. Okay, one. Okay, step number two is ask them what they want. Write that down. Ask them what they want. Step number three now is you have to give it to them. Write those down. All right, so I'm going to break this down to you guys in a little bit in more detail. Step number one is finding a hot market. Okay, first thing you want to do is something you got to convince yourself. So you need to watch a lot of TV. We're looking at watching a lot of TV. All right, cool. Now you need to watch a lot of TV. Because you need to watch TV, you start seeing commercials, you start seeing people talking about, you start seeing the latest trends. In fact, one of our products we found out about, we're in the bass fishing niche right now. I don't know if you've been interested, I don't know if people have cared about it, but I found a bass fishing show on TV. And from that we created a whole product line because we knew people wanted bass fishing. So watching TV is a key integral part of the system. Second thing is looking at magazines. Who here has any magazines from their house? Okay, awesome. We're looking at magazines. You want to be looking at the ads, the articles, all sorts of stuff. Because you're going to see markets are going to pop out to you. The more you start doing this, the more you start seeing these markets. They start jumping out at you. So looking at magazines, going to the magazine store, and looking at all the magazines, you'll see all sorts of different niches that are sitting there waiting for you to take and turn into money. Next thing is, just like I did with my potato gun product, you can go online, and you can see how many people each month are searching for a topic. So let's say you want to find out about yoga, you type in yoga, and boom, it'll show you 300,000 people a month are searching for yoga. Now you know it's a hot market. So that's another very simple easy thing you can do, is searching online to find out how many people are already searching for your product. Next thing is you talk to passionate people. Who here has got that crazy friend who is passionate about something? Okay, now for example, I met this guy, he was all talking about straw men, and this big, huge conspiracy theory thing. And first of all, it was crazy. And second, I looked at it again and realized there's a huge market there, and I'm creating a whole product with him on conspiracy theories, and making a lot of money on our conspiracy theory product right now. So passionate people are a great way to find a hot market. And then there are things, look what other people are selling. Okay, and there's no reason why you can invent things from scratch. Go online and find other weird things people are selling, other different niche markets, and if someone else is selling it, that's a good sign that means there's a market, there's a good chance you can make money there as well. Okay, so that's step one. You guys getting this? Awesome. Okay, step five. Okay, now, I want to tell you some stories about some people who went through a lot of things, some people who went through this process. Now, this is a picture of Xanogen, Spencer, Xanogen. They had a job, it's like everybody else, and they want to start an online business. They started the supplement company, they put it out there, and for life and not making any money. They spent over $50,000 getting this website up and running. They paid for these supplements and really struggled with it. Nothing happened. A little while later, they found out about our undertaker system. They went out online, they found a hot market about how to tie hair bows. And neither of them knew anything about hair bows. They went to the neighbor's house who tried hair bows, and they paid the neighbor $100, and they built a DVD of her tying hair bows. Took it back, they followed my simple system, put it up online, and right now, you can see they average about $15,000 a month. The first year online, they made $88,000. So, we would like to make an extra $88,000 this year. Look right here, they made $16,000 in one month. Here, you can imagine what $16,000 would be in their life. How that affect your wife, your family, your kids' future? That's awesome. They also had a chance to get this cool Corvette. Now, that was year number one. This is year number two. You see, I took the snapshot in August. Year number two, they're already over $100,000, and it wasn't even the end of the year yet. This is one tiny undertaker product. This system makes people successful. They don't have to worry about the frustration and the pain, those type of things. Success comes when you follow the system. It's not difficult, it's very simple. And now, Zan actually has a chance to go and follow his dreams. He became an actor, and now he's got Hollywood acting, while his wife actually runs his business part-time during the day. So you breezed over that? I think you can play a little bit more, because you're going to have so much money. And so, money is super important, but people, like the emotion, if you can get back to that dream, and get them dreaming, so once you use the system, you're going to be able to make the money. And now, because Zan or whoever did, was able to do his passion, just like I'm training for the Olympics, now he gets to be an actor. How many of you want to create money so that you can do what you really love to do? So if you guys had an extra $100,000 in your bank account, what would you do with that money? Just think about it for a second. What would you be doing? Just imagine for a second, what would you do? Would you buy a new car? Would you buy a new house? Would you travel more often? What would you do? For me, with my extra money, as you guys know, I built my own wrestling club. For Zan, that's what he did. He decided he wanted to go into acting. So he moved his family across the country, and now he is just landed a role, a leader role in the first feature film that he's recording now out in town. So much extra time, so much extra money, he's going to focus on his business. The Underachiever system is not about spending hours and hours a day doing your business. It's about setting up something that's automated, just like him so you can follow your real dreams and your passions. So think about your passion. You guys getting this? You guys getting how powerful this is? Awesome. Okay, second step in the process. Get your papers out of here. Ask them what they want. Okay, the first step in this is very simple. You run a mini one-question survey. You guys have all heard about data research. Underachievers don't do data research. That's too complicated. We have one question survey. I'm going to give you this survey inside the system. Basically, I ask people what is their number one question about the topic? How to tie hair bolts? How to shoot a potato gun? And they're going to give me all their answers. That's step number one. So number two now, when they fill out a survey, I'm going to find out what their pain really is. People buy things based on pain. If you know what their pain is, it's easy enough to sell them the product. Next step is that after they do that, I'm going to find out what they really, really want. They want to shoot a potato furb. They want to make hair bolts for their daughter. They're going to tire their pain extra money for whatever it might be, but they find out really quickly what it is. Then, I simply do because again, we're underachievers. If you don't want to do work, I can hire a ghostwriter to write a e-book. Now, I'll show you my system here. I actually have ways to get ghostwriters to write an entire book for you. A book just like this. This is going to cost less than about $300 to write an entire book for you. It's very cheap, very expensive to write a book. So you don't have to sit down and actually write a book. So I'm going to do it for you. Just give me this question as you got off the survey and boom, I'm not going to book for you. It just takes about a week or two and a couple hundred bucks. Then, all the book does is simply answers their questions. The question they just asked you, you just answer the questions and you've got your underachiever product finished. Does that make sense? Does it make sense to do it or not? Yeah, it makes sense, doesn't it? Don't you agree? How many of you agree? How many of you agree? It makes sense, right? How many of you agree? Okay, now, here we go to show the story. So let me tell you a quick story about somebody who found out what people wanted. Okay, okay, cool. So let me tell you a story about someone who found out what people wanted. This guy's name is Sam Brennan. He lived back in San Francisco during the Gold Rush days. And Sam was a great entrepreneur, a smart guy. He looked around, he saw what people wanted. People wanted gold. They were all looking for gold. So he had an idea and went around San Francisco, he bought all the shovels and picks in San Francisco and brought them back to his store. And they got some gold dust and started walking around the street saying, there's gold in the American River, there's gold in the American River. Guess what happened? All these people were hot and excited about gold. They started running around trying to find the picks and the shovels to dig for gold. And the only place in San Francisco that you buy was the Sam Brennan's store. They bought the picks and the shovels, they went up and started digging for gold and guess what happened? Sam Brennan became the first millionaire in San Francisco's history. You know, the reason why I tell that story is because who made the money here? So the people out there are digging for gold? No, it's the people who are selling the picks and the shovels of people who are selling gold. That's what this is all about. It's not about making money tying hair bows. It's about creating the tools, the information, teaching people how to tie hair bows. That's how you make the money. So we all want to become shovel sellers. I think what you want to do here is just go one more step. Just a little thing. How many of you have an idea? How many of you have tools, resources that you can sell? So you'll get X percentage. And you say, great, for those of you that don't, we'll open loop them. Don't worry because I've got a live where it over, blah. So we're going to plant that seed right now. They're selling being a shovel seller, but I don't got a shovel. I don't know what. I'm not a guru. I can't sell nothing. So let's plant that seed in open loop them. Can sell that niche. When everybody else was thinking gold, they were thinking shovels. Awesome. Okay. So who here has got a shovel or a tool that can be started out? You can think of October, okay? If not, don't worry. I've been in this time of my system. I actually have 40, over 300. We'll talk about what's in there. Like the 300 are already created. So we're going to give you the system. So you don't have an idea yet. Don't worry about parts all taken care of in the system. Awesome. Okay. That's good. You guys getting this? You all getting this? Awesome. Okay. Here's another case today where our students, they have a site called Overcome Phenography. He's a lot of, and he's got some money he's making with his Overcome Phenography website. He's been at Overcome Phenography. He's also pretty worried about alcohol addiction. He found out that hot markets, if you put addictions, they want to get out of it. He's got a whole product line of different products. He's got Overcome Addictions. Okay. Step number three now. Give your paper back out. I need to order that. I do an addiction with it. Everybody's trying to get it in as we found the ditch. I'm already in the middle. You already know where you are. Let's talk about it now. That's more like it. Step number three now is after you figure out the hot market, you found out what they wanted. Now you've got to give it to them. It's a very simple process. Step number one is you can set up a very simple one-page website, not the complicated technical website. Everyone keeps talking about something very simple and very easy. Most of my sites, if my mom starts to get embarrassed, she thinks it's like a two-year-old putting it together because they're that simple. Okay. Again, this is the under-retriever system. Number two is you create an irresistible offer. What we do is we basically, all these people gave us their questions. They told us what they were looking for. All of these people transitioned those questions into bullet points. Someone said, I want to discover how do I tie a hair bow for my daughter. I'm going to turn that into a bullet point. It says, discover how to tie a hair bow for your daughter. Someone said, how do I overcome my pornography addiction? Discover the secrets of how do I overcome my pornography addiction? I take their questions, I rewrite them as bullet points, and boom, that sells my entire product. Next thing is all I have to do is go find other websites that are related. They're a very similar one that I'm selling, and you can go and place ads on these websites. So, when I launch my potato gun website, there's a website called spudtech.com, and spudtech.com has over 10,000 members who are on there all day, and guess what they do? They talk about potato guns all day long, and they're all sharing plans, they're comparing ideas. So, I went to that site, I bought a banner ad, and instantly those 10,000 people started coming back to my website, and giving me money for my under-retriever DVD. Okay. So, it's very simple. You can find blogs, you can find forums, find communities, and put simple, kind of ads on those sites, to drive people back to your website. And then the last thing is there's a lot of ways to drive traffic, but as under-retrievers, we don't want to do all that, we don't want to learn about it. What we're going to talk about, what we teach the system, how to outsource all that. Okay, there's people in the Philippines and India, you just basically tell them your website, and they'll drive traffic forward, you know, if you're in the work, and all that traffic comes in, you're going to keep all the money. Okay, so that's step number three. Okay, now, the way that we... So, how much of the traffic system do we go to? Should I spend time...? Should I talk about outsourcing traffic, and then...? Yeah, I think you should go. Let's go through it, and let's see. Is it my old presentation way with...? Yep. Okay, yep. Okay, so outsourcing traffic. So, now I got started in this business, I started learning all these different ways to drive traffic, and it got kind of complicated. So one day I had a chance for a book called the E-Mith. They were here, I heard of the E-Mith. Okay, I read this book, and it talks about this guy who runs a business, and the guy who's jugging like 15 different balls. He's got customer support, he's writing copies, he's doing stuff, he's jugging all these balls, and it feels like he's going to fall open. Anyone here who's an entrepreneur that feels like that, if you stop for one second, the entire business is going to collapse. That's what I felt. I read that book, and he talked about, instead of jugging 50,000 different things, figure out a way to turn this one right here into a system, just like McDonald's did. This is how you make a hamburger. You figure out a way to make a system that's so simple, so brain-dead that easy, that they can take any 13-year-old to get off the street, put a hat on their head, and they can start making hamburgers perfectly. And that's what E-Mith talks about. And I read that, and I thought, I'm going to continue this accent with my business. I can make little systems. So instead of going out there and learning how to do PPC, learning how to do SEO, learning how to do all these technical things to drive traffic, I started looking at all these things, I started learning how it worked, and I made a little system, and I hired someone out in the Philippines for $1.50 an hour, $2 an hour, and let them run that system. And I learned the next little system was given away, and eventually our company would give over 74 traffic systems, and basically we just give these systems away to people, and drive traffic whether they were there or not. And each of these traffic systems, on average, on the low, we can generate at least 100 business today. Some generate thousands or more. Okay? Yeah. So we were talking about the value. We never really built up the value at any time. What are 100 business equals? But we can take it out, or we can add, and add that back. See, somewhere I wonder if earlier we talked about, like the Heroboset maybe, they make $15,000 a month, they're only selling eight of these DVDs a day, whatever it might be, you know. Okay. And here's a tailgum who makes this, and he's willing to sell three a day. Start tying, like, you know, only one or two sales equals this much a year. Because it doesn't take, I mean, three sales a day is a $35,000 a year website, you know what I mean? Yeah. It doesn't take a lot. You see, they see that's like... It's the heart. Another thing you said that would test this line. Yeah. You just have to get out. Yeah, I think we should tie in. Why don't you keep going in the bull? Yeah. Okay. So, okay, so I'm going to talk to you, I don't have a lot of time, obviously, but I want to talk to you just a couple of traffic systems that we currently do should have a lot of traffic going on your T-bersites, okay? My first question for you guys, if Oprah was to mention your website on our TV show every week, did she get at least 100 visitors to your website? Definitely. Okay, let me tell you about one of our students. They had, and this is actually a failed, this one actually failed, but we had known this system before, where she made a lot of money. So, she has a product called Signing for Baby, and it teaches your baby sign language. And we saw on Oprah that day, there was this thing where this, it was like an 18-year-old month, or 18-month-old girl was reading. And on the show, she said, how will the teacher go to read when she's only 18 months old? And so, I taught my baby sign language. And also, everybody blew up, and then she went Oprah, so on today's show, we're like 24 shows in a row. And the next week, I actually had a chance to meet, I was at an event, I met the guy that owns SigningTime.com, and I talked to him, and he said that they pulled in like, I can't even write $30 million in sales, or that we can have period of time, that all these shows are mentioning the SigningTime. And I thought, crap, what if our website would have been there, right when Oprah, right when today's show, all these shows are talking about it, but we weren't. So, we want to figure out a way to get, to get right to the search engines very, very quickly. Now, the strategy I teach you does not last for a long time, it's not long-term SEO strategy. It's something that you apply this method, and within about, usually within eight to 10 hours, sometimes within a day, you're listed for some keywords very, very quickly, and you're stated about a week and a half, two weeks, and you drop that guy. That's the over-traffic system. So, basically the process is this. There are sites that Google loves, sites like Squidoo, HubPages, YouTube, and Weebly. So, what we do is we create a little page on these sites, promoting the site. So, Baby SigningTime, we create a little page on there. It's going to be technical, huh? Anyway, so we create a thing, and we put it out there. This would happen eight, before Oprah, in four hours, we listed on two things, with eight hours, we listed on a, we started doing this through all of our websites. If you find out Oprah, on Friday Oprah's got Susie Orman on the show, she's going to be talking about blah, blah, blah. We go and quickly create a couple of these pages on these other sites, and we put them up there, and within, I think in eight hours, ten hours, half of the sites on this thing, shows our thing, and then, I'm favorite telling this in my new presentation, I promise, but. So, for example, we do Susie Orman. Susie Orman is on a show, a picture in a new book, and we create all these pages saying, well, I'm going to run some nils, and Susie Orman doesn't. Post those sites out there, Susie Orman's on the show, a bunch of sorts of traffic came in, and we got hundreds and hundreds, or thousands and thousands of options coming into our site, people who want to find out why Russell Brunster's better, and Susie Orman. Again, those pages are going to stay there for, and you know, from the SEO standpoint, stay there for 24, 48, 72 hours, and they drop back down. If you hit it right, you get a lot of traffic. Anybody's looking for her? Yeah, it's West Virginia. So, who do you think can use this system to get 100 visitors per day? It's so nice, maybe, actually, 10,950 dollars per year. You guys getting this? Yeah. All right. Let me show you, so don't forget, don't get over all the technical stuff. Remember what Michael Nuremberg said, your job as an entrepreneur is just threefold. First off, you get specialized knowledge, you create a system, and you take action. That's all you guys need to do. You don't need anyone doing all the work and you're answering. As entrepreneurs, that's what you need to do. Okay, so here's my system creation headquarters in my office. Every product, every course is out there known to man, because as soon as it comes out, I want to figure it by it. Figure out what it is. I go through, I systemize the entire thing, hire some of the Philippines, I give that system, they run it, make me a ton of money with it. So that's why I buy every single course that's out there. A lot of people say, well sure, Russell, your friends with all the gurus, they just send you their product for free. That's not true. I actually purchased every single product I buy. Let me tell you why. This is a picture, this is Mark Schultz. He's my, when I wrestled at BYU, he's my wrestling coach, he's an Olympic champion. The guy is an animal. And so, my first day at BYU, I got done wrestling, first practice, and I went up to my dorm room, and a few hours later, I came, and there was knock on the door. And Colt Schultz opened the door, and he basically handed me a DVD. And I took the DVD and said, go get your wallet. And now, you guys understand, kind of the severity of the situation. This is Colt Schultz, about three months before this, experienced this guy, he's like a six foot three black guy, he's beating the crap out of him in UFC nine. And this guy is the one that told me to get my wallet. So I was a little scared, I went and got my wallet, took my wallet out, took all my money out, put it in his pocket, handed back my wallet. And I said, Colt, what are you doing? Why are you taking all my money? He said, Russell, I'm gonna teach you a principle here right now that is serving for the rest of your life. Like, if I were to give you that DVD, you would take it, it would set yourself, you'd never do anything with it. And so, now that you've invested some money in that DVD, you're gonna learn it, you're gonna study for it, it's gonna change your life. And it did, it changed my life forever. I became a better wrestler because of the fact that I invested in this course. That's why I invested in other people's courses. That's why you need to invest in yourself, in the systems today, because that way you're gonna actually take action on it, and it's gonna become successful. Alright, so question number two now. If the top thought leaders in the bloggers in the world blog about you daily, do you think you could get at least 100 visitors today? Obviously, okay. So let me tell you about Traffic System number 27. This is a free software program called Comet Sniper. And what it does is basically, let's say you're in, let's say Seth Godin is blogging, right? He has hundreds of thousands, not millions of people reading his blog every single day. So what happens is this software goes and it finds the blogs that you're interested in, in your topic, in your underachiever space, and it subscribes just those blogs. Now let's just say Seth Godin gets a good idea, he posts a blog post and submits it. Suddenly hundreds of thousands of people over the next three or four days you're gonna come to that blog, and they're actually gonna read the post that you wrote, right? And what's the very first thing someone reads after they read the post by whoever the blogger is? They start reading the comments. So in the hour of the first five or six comments, they find out what other people's reactions are and what you just said. So what we do is Comet Sniper actually goes out there, and as soon as someone blogs, I get a text message, and by the thing on my computer pops up, and I get an email saying, Seth Godin, does blog go fast? And one of the things, I read as quick as I can, I type the very first comment, and I submit it, and I drop my link back to my website. I try to make sure that my comment adds value to the conversation, and it is so, within three or four days, hundreds of thousands of people are gonna be reading this blog post, and then return, reading my blog post, or reading my comment and coming back to my website. Okay? And who is in there if you can use that for at least 100 visitors per day? All right, so I just gave another $10,950 a year raise. Okay, are you guys getting this? Using how powerful this is? Very simple strategies, very things to put in place. In fact, I don't even do this blog, I think. I got some in the Philippines who read the blogs, and then comments, drops a link back to my website, happens every single day, whether I'm out on vacation, or whatever I'm doing, some happens around the clock. Okay, so let me... Oh, this is a slide from something else. Okay, let's just show some of my niche sites, though. Book hearing bags, secrets, I'm probably a superstar, such oil, body pollution, or some of my sites that we worked on. I can take this out, or I thought maybe this could build momentum into that now we're going to go into testimonials and then we'll go into testimonials. So we created a ton of millionaires online, a ton of websites, through some of the websites we've created, chiropractic, you know... I can't hear you by that person. Here's one of our students, his name is Joy Anderson. Now, Joy was a stay-at-home mom, she was divorced. She had three kids, and she got divorced. As soon as she got divorced, she popped out herself, figured out, within 30 days, she had to figure out a way to make some money online, or start making some money. She tried the typical route that most people were trying. She tried to write a book, she tried to be successful at things, nothing was working. She found about our system, and within 48 hours after she came to our workshop, she learned about our system, she got her website up and running. This is it right here, it's called thestartofpreschool.com. And you can see, this is definitely another cheery side, her headlines is, let's face it, poopstakes. So she's not a great copywriter. Put the site up there, and within 48 hours of launch, I've been seven days, had her first sales coming in, and this is a testimony she's recently sent me. Hey Russ, why don't you just send you a screenshot for the past 30 days, $13,090.99, woohoo. It's a joyous ball-in-assisted, to-it-tea, she'd make a lot of money with it. You guys getting this? How powerful it is? It's very fast, it's very easy, it does not take a lot of time or effort. Okay, there's your screenshot. This is a growing Chelsea Hughes. Now, this is the pitch for the traffic system part of it. He was pushing that after the traffic system bonus. Yeah, I'll do that. Yeah, we call it. Next one. I think he's off the traffic system bonus. Okay. Okay, here's a sign for baby, this is... I don't have anything. Okay, this sign for baby, and she teaches people sign for baby, and blah, blah, blah. Here's a screenshot of how much money she made. She made over $3,300 the very first week she launched her website, and gives you teaching... She's doing her passion, she teaches people how to teach babies how to sign language. This is the vinyl from home. This lady, she... Again, her stay-at-home mom, good-bye mom for some reason. That's awesome. But we live without her. This is okay. So, here's a vinyl from home, and again, she had a vinyl from home business where she was cutting things. Now, she learned about the whole shovel-selling mentality, instead of her out cutting vinyl, she created an info product, and under she was probably teaching other people how to create a vinyl from home. It's a very big business that actually makes more money doing this now than from cutting her own vinyl. Okay, because she followed the system, she's successful with it, and she's been making a lot of money. Okay. I'm worried that a lot of people don't know what cutting vinyl is. I don't know. Yeah, I don't know. You can describe it a little bit. I'm sure you can. It's like, you can see women on the house, they have like, different words, like, they're not that home, it's like, fancy women, I don't know, they're like on the walls and on the things like that. So that's what vinyl leather is, you just, you just set it same, and then you like cut it out, and they're like, come on your wall, or on your pipe board, or things like that. The warming community there's huge, so, yeah. Alright, from then, here's more testimony. Here's this guy that's got a chicken coop website, teaches people how to make chicken coops. He's like, you know, he's got a big niche. Yeah, he's like, 30,000 dollars a month, he's making, teaching people how to make chicken coops. Here's a shed in their backyard. Who would ever pay someone to build a shed? Here's an e-book of a guy that's got teaching people how to make sheds, and then we have a lunchman there. Okay, so my question is, is it who wants to be, or is it really, will he be? It's up to you, who wants to be, depending on how you work your ass, who wants to be my next success story? Okay, those are awesome, who here wants to be my next success story? Awesome, yes. Who here wants to be my next success story? So you gotta, gotta pause there. I know you're nervous on the side of the park, and I like trying to break the case, if they don't do it. Who here wants to be my next success story? All right, who? Who here wants to be my next success story? Awesome, perfect. All right, okay, let me tell you about this. Oh, now we're gonna go lifestyle. So who wants to be my next success story? Okay, awesome, I'm gonna show, then you can say in a moment, I'm gonna share with you how, how you can be my next success story. And go, go lifestyle, just imagine being able to, who here wants to be my next success story? Now in just a minute, I'm gonna show you exactly how to do that, how I'm gonna work with you guys. But first, I want you guys to imagine a couple things real quick. Imagine, imagine what it would be like, knowing you could pay for your children's college education, without any, imagine what it would be like to be able to pay for your kids' college education. Imagine being able to drive down the car store, drive down the dealership, and look at a car, any car you wanted, and pick it out, and never worry about what the sticker price is gonna be. Imagine being able to take your family on a trip whenever you want, and knowing you are able to race back for work on Monday. You can spend as long as you want. In fact, when we're in Fiji, we understand this like a week and a half pass when we're supposed to be, because we've got nothing else to do, and we're in Fiji and we want to stay. You can do the exact same thing, you pick your times, whatever you want to do. Imagine the home you want, imagine the time off, whatever it is that drives you, just imagine for a second what that'd be like as soon as you achieve the energy of your lifestyle. This is all about making a digital cash flow, not having to be there doing it. That's the power of what we're gonna be showing you right now. Let me talk about it real quick for the Ultra Undertiever Freedom System. Now, I'm talking about some benefits of the Ultra Undertiever System. The first huge benefit, which is the biggest thing for me, is why I got into businesses, why I'm sharing with you, is because it gives you more time with your family. We're at the light to use a lot more time with your family. Awesome. Now, the other thing is you actually have a lot of chance through the systems to work alongside people like me who actually have been doing it, who do it every single day in this market. And also, I think it worked five years ago, it's something that we're actively doing through day in, day in, day in market. Who would like to work alongside someone like me who's been doing this today? Do I have to try closing these bullpoint things or not? I'm ending on time, I'm ending on the floor. The next benefit is that when you learn this system, it gives you the chance where you can work every single day whether you want to or not, but either way, you have the ability to give yourself a raise every single day. Who would love the fact that you can go in the office knowing that today you can give yourself a raise just by applying just a couple different strategies. Awesome. The next thing this benefit gives you is the ability to get started fast and it gives you the ability to follow the proven system, something that's not just done by me, the guru, or Joy Anderson, stay home all the time, but dozens and dozens of people that follow the system and make success because of it. Okay. Now, what are you going to get today when you take action? The way you get today when you take action is you're going to access to the CashNow Online Accelerator program. You're going to get an instant access to video and audio training and me walking through the entire step-by-step underachiever formula. You're also going to get access to the underachiever success community. So other people just like you in the same spot, in the same situation you can talk to them, you can never find out what they're doing right now to be successful online. The next thing is you're going to get instant cash, instant cash video, you get the instant cash video and audio training system. It gets going to train you on everything we talked about here. There's a lot more details showing you step-by-step how to do it. This blueprint is foolproof. You just follow the steps and at the end of it out pops the underachiever site to make you money. You're going to get that plus a lot, plus much, much more. Value that? You say this is value that? This is value that. This has a real-world value of $4,997. Okay, and you're also going to get that plus. And you're also going to get today, if you act now, you're also going to get the underachiever home study system. No if. It when? When, yeah. No worries. And also, when you act now, you're going to get the ultra underachiever home study system. Now, you're going to be able to use the system to discover how to set up your own underachiever site. You get it up and running, making money very, very quickly. So you can what? You can give yourself a raise every day. If I do a mantra in the middle here, is that dorky in a real-cell situation? No, it's real. No, I think if you feel the wall, I think you take control. Harder to do on a webinar? Oh yeah, obviously. You can't if you're in Chicago or... Yeah, okay. This has a real-world value of $1,995. The next thing, you're also going to get the underachiever automation software bundle. Now this software is everything you need to get your underachiever website up and running and making money. You get our patented flycatcher generator software. You get our sales letter to box software. This gives you templates. You can walk step-by-step through, create your sales letter. I'll use you to fill in the blanks and how it pops the sales letter you need. You also get our video sales letter box software. Allows you to make video sales letters. You get our sales video generator. You get our live webinar replay so that you can create webinars that happen while you're sleeping on the beach for a happy 24 hours a day. Also, our WP Fusion software allows you to create your own websites on the fly whenever you need them. This also has a real-world value of $982. Are you guys getting this? Yep. Okay. Take a deep breath in. And you're also going to be our customized point-and-click website builder. You're known if you have to wait on expensive programmers that are going to charge you $100 an hour. This software allows you to customize your own sites at any time, anywhere in the world. So you have no idea, turn under to your site. Boom. In seconds, you're going to have your website up and running all by just pointing and clicking amounts. This website builder literally made what people used to take weeks and weeks of time. You can do it literally in just minutes now. This has a real-world value of $1,147. And I'm actually giving one other huge component. This is one I'm most excited about. This is our done-40 services and our bolt-on team. What we've been doing over the last five or six years, we've been researching thousands of thousands of different markets. And from there, we've actually created 300 hot selling products in niche markets. And we already are proving that we already know our success and that we're already making a lot of money online. And we've already created these. The books are written, the cells that are written, they're completely done. What we're going to do is I'm actually going to let you have access to these three hundred... Or license. Yeah, license. You can build license, these 300 hot selling web products. Figure out which one works the best for you. You log into the members area, you can see the list of all the 300 that we've already built out. You pick which one you want, you click on a button. And my design team will custom design a header and a photographic for you. Install on your website, set up all the page, you can create links and everything. So all you do is click on a button and you know which one you want. And within 24 to 48 hours, that's the end of the up and running for you, ready to make cash without any extra effort from you whatsoever. And again, this isn't just some template. My team will actually be custom designing each of these websites for you so it's your looking film. And also we'll slap your name on as the author of the book so that you get instant credibility in your niche market. This has a real world value of $9997. Now the next thing I want to talk about, the next huge component is your instant traffic generator system. Who remembers when I talked about 74 traffic systems we built out in our company? And who here would like for me to just give you all my traffic systems? You don't have to spend hundreds of thousands of dollars in every course in the world. You have to go through all the courses and actually learn the stuff. You just take all my work and just use it. Who would like those? What I'm going to do is a special bonus. You're going to get the entire instant traffic generator system where you're able to drive tens of thousands of customers, your undercheaper empire, every single day like clockwork. You can get the over traffic method we talked about. You're going to get the common sniper traffic method. All these methods we talked about plus much, much more you get for free when you invest in the undercheaper system. This has a real world value of over $1,999. And you guys started right now. I'm going to give you a special bonus so you can start propping out with your own online ATM. This is a special training to discover how easy it is to start collecting money and making money online fast. This is going to help you in the process in getting your website up and running for 24 to 48 hours. What I found is that people are not able to get the website up fast within a day or two. A lot of them lose interest in what you're making money quickly so you'll see the power of it. You'll keep moving forward and make a lot more money with it. So you'll be up and running for 24 to 48 hours. The real world value of this is priceless. As anyone who's ever tried to make a business online, this is something that's very priceless. The next component is the biggest problem I was getting stuck at. I was saying this is the last and there's another one afterwards. The last component of this is I'm actually going to give you our Cash Flow Jumpstart coaching program. Inside my office we have a full team of coaches who are trained on this undercheaper system. They've been doing it. A lot of them are doing their own websites just like this. What I'm going to do is I'm going to give you the chance to spend an hour on the phone with one of my consultants looking at your undercheaper concept, your idea, your website, your business, whatever it might be. They're going to help you to make sure you're on the right points. If you get stuck or fall off track, it gets you back on and makes you successful. Simply ask any questions and get through any of your sticky points. You can access this to my team that runs all my undercheaper empire and much, much more. This has a real world value of $1,997. The ultra undercheaper freedom system has... Let me show you everything that's involved. First off, do I have to recap everything? Yeah, you can, but you don't do it. You don't put it here. This and this and this and this and this. Let's get to get falls right here. The retail value is $2,000 a little bit. Okay, let me find my falls. My notes. Now, if all the system did for you was to help you get your first website out of online and it was only making $10,000 a month, would that be worth it? Okay, awesome. Now, if all the system did was to help you to have... Hope you quit your job so you have some more extra time to family, would that be worth it? Mm-hmm. Okay, now if all the system did was give you the ability to print your own check, to set your own rules and make your own... Make your own something, would it be worth it to you guys? Yeah. Awesome. She has given this? Yeah. Okay, very, very cool. So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna make this as easy as possible for you. The only thing is I'm gonna make this as easy as possible for you. I'm gonna give you one last huge bonus and I call this to help me fill my shelves bonus or I bought way too much perhaps bonus. Now, you guys see my library? What you did see is I have one shelf here that's kind of empty and bare and I love buying people's products and services. Here's Boston else's product and course from the past. It's no system, okay? Now, who is... That's just me sending someone on your shelf. Okay, well I'm actually gonna pay you today to get that off your shelf and remove my system in its place. Okay, so this is how it's gonna work. Instead of charging at $23,000 normally for the system, if you will actually take that off your shelf and send it to me in exchange, what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna knock off a huge... I'm gonna knock off... That was 90% off of the price in exchange for you sending one of your old courses and just sitting there clicking down. So that's not good to you guys? Yeah. Okay, you guys all know which one you're gonna send me? Awesome. Good. Okay, so the real world value, again, like I said, is $23,000, $140. Of course, I'm gonna knock it down to knock off almost 90% of that. The price will only be $2,497 if you get started today. Yep, when? Only $2,497. When do you get started today? That's right, sure. When do you get started today? It's gonna be a risk-free investment. Only $2,497. Now... I believe in the system so much. Now, I believe in the system so much that I want... I'm so passionate about your success. And I'm so passionate about your success. That when you... That when you... Do the right thing. When you do the right thing, go and click it. Inside of the system, I'm gonna give you my personal, 100% ironclad, money-back guarantee where you can take the system home and you can try it out for full 90 days, beat it up, try it out, make some money with it, and it doesn't work for you for whatever reason. In fact, you can just keep it. I don't even want it back, it doesn't work for you, just keep it, let me know, and we'll refund your money, and that's how confident the system's gonna work for you. Awesome. So you can say, this is how you say, I believe in the system so much, take everything home. I'll let you be the judge of the jury. Within 30 days, if it's not everything I'm talking about, just send it back, and I'll give you a complete money-back system. I'll tell you what I'm gonna do today. I believe in the system so much that what I'm gonna do today is sign up. If it's not everything I talked about, just call my office so you can keep the home study system for free, just for trying to get out. No, I'm not. So no questions, guys. You be the judge, and you all will cycle and act about like, actually, I'm gonna do this. You just keep it, doesn't work. Yeah? Okay, perfect. Okay, that's the first time I ever came here. Yeah, totally. Yeah, that's five times today, but this is what I came here for. You be the judge of the jury, you keep it for 30 days, and if it doesn't work, send it back to my company where we send a refund check. You know what? I'm actually gonna step further than that. I believe in it so much that if it doesn't work for you, you can just keep it. 100% and I'll still refund your money, and we'll leave this as a bench. Hopefully you can use it for something else for the future. You know what I'm saying? So you can keep the homestead system, which is a $5,000 value just for getting me back to it and trying me out. Yeah, just for getting back to it and trying me out. Very cool. Okay, awesome. So I've got some bonuses. I got some mega, mega bonuses. Who wants some mega, mega bonuses? I got a lot of them. Okay, this is the first one. Who here would benefit from having my personal cell phone number? Right now, I personally charge $3,000 an hour for consulting, and I get it all day long. We do coach days of $25,000 a day. I like to do my personal cell phone number if you get started today. Now, this is how it works. What's that? When? When you get started today, you get my personal cell phone number. Now, this is the deal. I don't want you to call me all hours in the night, but yeah, do give me the right to text message me any question you want. I can text faster, I can write emails, anything else. You send me a question, I text right back. Sometimes within minutes, sometimes in seconds, you send it, you're going to answer your question, not just from someone like my coaching staff, but for me, a real internet multimillionaire who's done this over and over and over again. You get my cell phone number, you can text whenever you want. I'll make sure your questions are answered. If you need a resource, whatever it is, I will do that answer immediately through my text message coaching program. So that's one of the huge bonuses. You are a competitive fit for that. Awesome. Go back and sign up. So then go back to sign up right now. I said after you sign up, we'll be sending my personal cell phone number so you can text me your questions. Who has got questions right now? Okay, we'll get in the back, sign up right now, and we'll text you those questions, and we'll make sure that we get those answered. Me personally, I'll be sure to answer those for you so you can be successful as quick as possible. So I'll stop right now, and I'll take the time to congratulate all the sponsors. Okay, I'm going to go back there now. Congratulations. I'll see you guys in a minute. I'm just going to give her an animal claw so I can take it back right now. And you probably need to sell my cell phone number to me if you want it to. Okay, but anyway, congratulations to you guys back there. Now, I'm going to go back to the other side. So I'm going to take the time right now to congratulate all the smart and successful young, new, multi-alternation millionaires, online millionaires. So let's go ahead and congratulate all the smart people back there. I'm going to go back there. What do you mean? You're not going to do that until you see two of them. It goes back there. Bill and his wife back there. You don't have to worry. This offer is like, this offer is going to close. Yeah. Even with Bozo up there. So here's your story. You're going to have to worry about that. This is a good offer. Okay. So right now, before we go a while, I'm going to take a second. I want to give everyone a round of applause for taking action. They're the new internet multi-millionaires, the underachievers of tomorrow. You're making my next success stories. Everyone give them a round of applause. Now I'll sit here. Do you have a push right now at the time or no? So I got another mega mega bonus for the rest of you. Okay, I got another mega mega bonus for the rest of you. Who here thinks this is really, really great? I'm going to get some action-shocking websites. Okay, who here can scribble? Okay, good. And if you don't, can you kid scribble? Awesome, good. I got this really cool software called SketchCast. Now the way it works is you log on, you click record, and you talk to yourself while you scribble. And then when you're done, you push the button and it instantly will submit that video out to 3,000 or stop to 3,000. To 30 of the top video sites in the world, push some traffic back to your website. So for example, let's say you just put on your underachiever website and stop snoring up there. You come in here and you scribble a thing saying, if you have any problems snoring, this is a picture of your nose, and you draw a little picture and you click submit, and boom, it's going to be driving out there, driving people back to your software website. This software will drive traffic to your website, and it's fast and easy, and it's going to syndicate your sketch video to hundreds of sites, driving traffic back to yours. And we will value this as priceless. Every visitor to our website is going to make you kind of make the software, and making underachievers a lot of money now, so it's going to make you a lot of money too. Now, the next fast action, I got $12,000 bonus. I think that's good. Who knows, that's pretty good. Next thing, I've got a $12,000 bonus that's going to blow your soft shop. This is something we literally sell on the phone. Two year old guys call up my sales guys. He sells on the phone for $12,000. Normally, I don't do this. I'm going to throw this in his bonus right now. He said throw. What do you do when you throw, right? What do you throw away? Correct. Right. So I'm going to include. That's all. I just want to up your game, man. I'm going to include this as throwing this. I was waiting very long. You did good so that. I'm going to include it, but you got it. Keep going. We sell on the phones every single day for $12,000. I'm going to include it for you because you're my special guest here as a bonus. You have access to my millionaire incubator workshop. This is the two and a half day workshop where you're going to learn the top cutting edge money making strategies that are working in the world today. Every day we update the content for everyone in these meetings. It's very cutting edge stuff. You can have a ton of JV affiliate opportunities with other successful entrepreneurs that are also coming to the event as well. You can be able to chance to meet me and my team more because it's live on your business plus much, much more. The real world value of 12, actually $12,000 is what we actually sell us for. So this is an awesome bonus as well. And then Tom, what did you do? Go here or go there? Direct it. To the back? Yeah. So if you guys want the entire system and you want a special bonus on top of it, we get it kind of on my office, my staff, my workshop. Are you going to stand up right now? Everyone stand up right now? Walk in the back room. That's where we're going to be at. Talking about the workshop. I want to have the dates and times. Get back in the room back there. So if you're interested at all about coming to the workshop as well, it's the $12,000 value you're getting for free. Meet me in the back room. You talk to me back there and sign you guys up for the next workshop as well. When we go this amazing offer one more time. First off, you're getting the cash flow. You're going to get everything I talked about. Everything I talked about. And then you're going to get these fast action bonuses. Fast action bonuses. Russell, you know my personal cell phone number. You can text me as much of your questions as you want. You're going to get more traffic software. You're going to get the millionaire incubator workshop, which is a $12,000 value. You get all of this. Everything else I mentioned today, everything is included. Not the retail value, $35,000. What retail value $35,000, it says right here, you can get everything for just $2,497 when you get started and sign up right now. When would now? Let me ask you guys some questions. When would now be a good time to get started? How many times do you say that? When would now be the time to start living the life I'm posing for? When would now be the time to start the life you always wanted. When would now be the time you can change your financial future, not just for yourself, but for your kids, their kids, and so on and so forth. When would now be the time to finally take care of yourself? What would you want to do about making somebody else money, but start making yourself money instead? When would now be the time to sign up? Meet me in the back of the room, sign up for the system, it's going to change your life forever. Awesome. Okay, good. Now the next one is how many of you know you want, you want me to give it to you, and you want me to give it to you for free? How many of you here know you want it? You know you want me to give it to you, and you love everything, but you love it the way I give it to you for free. Who would like that? Everybody should have it. Everybody wants this. Who wants it for free? Who wants it for free? Okay, good. Then I would take a certificate and say I've got a certificate right here. I got a certificate right here, with some fine print at the bottom. I'm sitting right here. I got a certificate right here. I was doing it. On this certificate right here, there is a way, you guys say there's a way, or I say I've got my certificate here. I'm going to give you a way to get this system for free. I'm going to give you guys a way to actually get this entire system for free. All the whole friend on the other package, you get for free, and it's displayed here on the certificate. I'm going to give you a way to get it for free. I've got only 30, or 10, or 20 certificates here. Who wants this system for free? Who wants to go? Well, meet me back there right now, and I'll share with you how you can get this complete system for free in the world. And then you just go back there and say, so what you're going to do is you're going to sign up, build your websites up, start making money for three other people, and then you'll get your money back. Are you using it for free? Free and free. Free and free. Can you ever explain that on stage or never? It depends. Depending, you know, you have to have a webinar because Yeah, on a webinar you're going to have to. Fine, then somebody will call you. They're just going to run. Listen, you get off the job right now. Actually...