I do remember you from back and foreclosures daily day. I do remember you. I'm always so much into business and so much going on. Life is going by so quick, it's hard to remember all the things I've done. I fly at the seat of my pants every day. I remember you talking to a lot of people. Yeah, back then I was meeting at least 100 people a day actually. Yeah. Back from straight out to luck. I was a mania back in the day. What the hell is this? I was just watching. I just watched. I've got a whole thing ready for tomorrow. You're going to see the magic now. This is my blueprint. This is the, yeah. This I'm just telling them the madness. Here's why our presentations work. I only knew this when I first started. I just wanted to get any part of the process that you see can be change or improve. Anything that you like that you think could be better. I just want to see if I can make this process better. I was short this to all the major search engine. And that was me, not every other SEO company. Yeah, you know what's crazy is I would say almost 100% of our businesses have been through for us. Which has been pretty cool. We've been under promise of our livers. So we've been very fortunate to be able to help. Okay, cool. All right. Let's take over here. I love that thing. Yeah. I love it too. So nice to be on the plane. This is so easy. Life carries. Mixing. Just awesome. I haven't got a stage for you by any chance. I will be in Atlanta, February if you want it. What was that? I got a good stage for you. Oh yeah? It says you work with a lot of speakers. A lot of people call me all the time. Because they know I know how good they close. And then we book their presentations. And there's a lot of guys that won't let anybody under stage unless they've been through us. Because they know that after they come through us, you know, the results of people are getting really good. So they don't want to chance anything. And so Zach Childers called me up and said, hey Dave, I'm doing a social media intermarketing. You know anybody? I'm like, Russell Bunce is giving me my office on Monday. They last comes Zach. See, we can get him. So I related to Tracy and JJ and Maddie Childers. No. He's a really awesome guy. He's people by pretty well. So I'll connect you with him. I'm going to go and speak to him. He lets you. It's guys good events. I'd recommend it. Do you do a lot with the social media? I'm not a big believer in it, but I'm not either. It's pretty thick. A lot of waste of time, I think. I've got a company that might be working with. They have 20 different dry cleaners and they're all excited about the social media. Everyone's excited about it. So I'm going to give them something to assage them and then drive them back to email marketing. They're doing so much business. They're bringing out 1100 new customers per day. Can you imagine what the email list would be? For Dave? I'm sorry, for a month. Wow. For dry cleaning? Yeah. Okay. Wow. Let's see. Wait, I see that guy. I just want to look at the place. They're up over 7%. Wow. Okay, cool. So what I want to accomplish, I'll just shut the door a little more. I'm going to go over our Blu-Pur report. This basically, I put it into a sheet. This is all the madness. So this is basically how the presentation works. A good thing you could use is that when you're doing your webinars, you can just put this on the wall. So as you're going through, you know what each slide is for. So basically I have it broken down like this. We've got basically one, two, three, four, five sections. We've got the intro to the presentation. We've got the story. Then we've got the offer. And then the values where you're going to have your 10-minute teaching them. And then you're going to have the close. So each thing is broken down. So you have the intro and then what to do in the intro. Then after the intro, we're going to grab their information. They call them to a yes date, which I'll explain there. We're going to frame them. We're going to tell them. We're going to sell them on our topic. Why real estate? Why internet marketing? Why the time is now? And then we're going to have you build credibility. So that's in the beginning. So this is the overall picture of it. So I have it mapped out for your color coded. So the first thing we're going to do is the introduction. So this and this are the same. So what we're going to do here is this is the very first slide that they're going to see. So you can take a pen if you want to take notes. So I'm going to kind of break this down just to some basic sales training. You might know a lot of stuff. I might remind you of it and so that you'll be able to focus more. So the key to the presentation is the introduction. In the book Napoleon Hill, Thinking Grow Rich, he says, the sale happens before you show up. And I'm a strong believer. If positioned correctly, you don't have to do any selling. People just naturally buy. And so when you have the introduction, I'll just give you an example. We had a girl. Her name is Karen Hannell. And she had a three day boot camp. She had about a couple hundred people there and she had an emcee. The emcee did a pretty good job at introducing people. While her next speaker that was up on stage was a good friend. So she left. She came up on stage. Hey, I'm going to introduce my next personal friend. Speaker. And he's going to show you this and do this. And let's bring him up here. And she is a big hug and a guy tripled and outsold everybody three times. And the reason why is because they were there because of her. She's their authority leader. She's their leader. Like if you go to, you know, Kennedy's event, you know, Kennedy, Bill are the leader. And so when that leader, if they'll introduce you and give you credibility, Bill will be, Bill will be poor with you and then transfer that power from them to you. You will outsell everybody. So a little trick that you can use when you're getting to do an event and go to stage to say, Hey, Bill, our Dan, you know, it would be, it means something to me if you personally introduce me. Oh, I need to interrupt. Sorry to interrupt. No. All right. I don't put it in now. I will have it at 1230 when I want it. It's a big huge order. And if anybody got something with rice, do you prefer brown rice or white rice? Brown. Brown? Because you're going to ask me. Okay. Which one did you get? I got the ginger chicken. You got the ginger. Okay. I'll find you. Bill's horrible and you're something horrible. Yeah. So horrible. So the introduction, if you can get the leader to introduce you. What happens is, is there there because of Bill? He's your trusted leader. Now the key to the introduction, if they introduce you correctly, but the key is the handshake because subconsciously what happens is he shakes your hand and gives you a hug. The transition of power and credibility from him goes to you. Now you become that authority figure. Now what you say to him is, now you're a trusted person. So if you can get the authority figure to introduce you and shake your hand, make sure you don't leave the stage. Say, he shake my hand. I'll give you a quick little story. I spoke on the get motivated stage. There's about 7,000 people at the stage. And they had an MC. Her name was Cara. And she's a blonde girl, pretty girl and people loved her. You know, she was up there. She had him dancing, singing. She introduced General Powell, Lou Holds, Mayor Giuliani. She gave away $10,000. So I'm getting up to get up on stage and I said, hey, I said Cara, I said, do you mind giving me a hug? She said, oh yeah, yeah, yeah. So, no, no, no, no. From stage. So when she introduced me as Dave VanHuels at 30 with Fasting, I did it out and she gave me a hug. Now the trusted person that they thought now I became. OK. So that, so the introduction is very, very important. Another thing that you can do which we've done. Does that go? Is to have, have you seen our intro video? Let me show you. I'll tell you what. I've been working on this for a month, generating over 12 million dollars in a course of a year, taking the strategies to the web. You ran 10 product launches responsible for over $5 million in sales. Everyone is selling themselves whether they know it or not. I was just quoted in Fox Business about this concept, especially in this new economy. Working for free has actually gotten me behind the problem. The building's capability is an author. The new CEO entrepreneurs have succeeded in the new economy. I'm the person that makes all the superheroes of the world look really good. I watch their back when I can affect their life. I know that I've affected a lot of thousands. Fox Business, Fox Business. This will be a potential video building that's got a really good opportunity to start an organization under this belt. You see in the video that I said that I have a big credit card. I have a credit card. We're in the Inc. 500 magazine as the 35th fastest growing company in the United States. The author is your readability to take any one's product and be able to sell it from the platform. Less than 24 hours of notice, we surround the handful of people that have been able to replicate themselves by training a team of speakers to get the same result. Now, for the very first time, Dave has revealed himself. We've got a guy that's in Hollywood that has made some money. He retired from $70,000? Yeah, there's a whole video for you. Getting your mindset to become successful is the most important thing. And now, welcome to the stage, MVP and associates, Mr. Dave Van Hoos. Now, what happened here is the introduction is what I knew the introduction is very important. And Larry Mene from Sang was going to have me come and teach in front of Sang folks. So he gave me about 35 minutes. I knew he was going to bash my introduction. So I called our video guy up and had him put this video together to go about a couple of days. And they played the video and I got a standing ovation. So before I started, I had to build rapport, build credibility, get all this stuff. I started already up here. They're already sold. The good thing is, all this is true stuff, but we could have made any of that stuff up. And what if people watch and see, they believe. So intro video is key. And so what you want to do is if you have an intro video or you want to get one, whatever, have the person introduce you first, then play the intro video just to make sure, because this you can control and then you're going to come up on stage. Because if not, if you rely on them, they'll mess it all up. And so that will increase sales for sure. Okay, so we talked about the introduction. So have the leader introduce you. Let's make sure he handshakes you. That will have the leader transfer the power to you. Then you can use an intro video if you have one. We can have a guy take the intro video. Do you still go on stage and start the video or do you have them introduce the video? Have them introduce the video and then the video comes up and then you come up. And then basically have the person, you know, what's your presentation about and basically build up your credibility. Okay, then the next step. So that's the beginning. The next step that we're going to do in our process is we'll grab their attention. What a lot of speakers do is they talk at people. What we want to do is we want to engage people, bring people into our conversation. And so we're going to use an NLP technique called Have You Ever Wondered? So I want you to go ahead and right here. And what we want to do is we want people to be excited and excited. We want people to listen to us. So the very first thing that we have to do is we have to grab their attention and bring them into our conversation. So we got to control the audience, bring them, excite their imagination and bring them into our conversation by Have You Ever Wondered? So I'll kind of give you an example. Have You Ever Wondered how it seems like some people can make so much money online by others' struggle? Have You Ever Wondered how you can make money online and spend more time with your family? Have You Ever Wondered how you can create a complete business online? And so what we're going to do is we're going to bring them into our conversation using the NLP technique Have You Ever Wondered? So what I want you to do is write three sentences right here. Have You Ever Wondered and then bubble, bubble, bop. Right now? Yep. So Have You Ever Wondered how you can use what you see? You can use anything that I say or have you can model, take. I'm just going to tell you what I would do. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay, can I hear them? Have You Ever Wondered how some people make a lot of money online while other people struggle? Have You Ever Wondered how to make, have more free time with your family? Have You Ever Wondered how to get your, how to get the extra money you want without putting in more hours of work? Awesome. So what you did, the strategy was is you brought me into your conversation. Now I want to listen to you. Okay. Now you got them. Now the second thing we're going to do is, which is number two, or number three, is get them into a yes state, which is right here. It's number three. And I want you to think about this. Great sales people do something. They know that seven yeses equals a sale. Right? So what a sales person does is gets them to say yes. So seven yeses equals a sale. So we want to get them to say yes, because now they're in agreement to us. So in the mind, it can only hold one thought. It can hold a positive thought or a negative thought. So when they're saying yes, they're in positive frame. And so knowing that we need to get them into a yes state, small commitments equal a big commitment. That's what a hypnotist does. That's what we do. We get small commitments, which equals a big commitment. And so what do you think the number one reason why somebody comes to a seminar? What's the number one reason? Change. No? What's your happy with? No? The number one reason why somebody comes to a seminar? Oh, a painter's solution? Money. They want to make more money. So when you're starting your presentation, that's why if you ever see Marshall Silver talk, he says, how many of you want to make foreign money? Put them up and say, oh yeah. So what we want to do is we want to get them into a yes state. So let's get this out. I've got a couple of... Pull up my... Now this right here, I've studied anal p, hypnosis, and when you hear me speak, I have a lot of word patterns and I use a lot of things. So we grabbed their attention by have you ever wondered? Now we're going to get them into what they call a yes state. So I've got a couple here that you can copy or use. So number one is how many of you want to make more money? Yes. How many of you want me to show you how to put $50,000 in your pocket in the next 30 days? Yes. How many of you want to do more deals? Yes. How many of you want me to show you a proven step-by-step system that will virtually guarantee you for making more money? Yes. How many of you want to get the most of our time together? Yes. We've got four yeses, they're sold, they're done. So what I want you to do is I want you to create three to four yes statements. You can use these, model these, but I just want you to come up with four yes statements. Good question. I'll tell you that after you are done. Okay. So I'll just go away. I'll figure one thing at a time. As you can see, I love this stuff. So to me it's like I get excited. And by the way, most folks say that this is the best part of the deal. Just kidding. He has an amazing view. I love it. If you've been voicing and you see our views, it's not quite as nice. Are we going to get views too? I usually have my yacht out back, so that's awesome. My dream was to do coaching on my yacht, which is very close. Are you doing the yacht event again soon? We did it like every three months. Yeah, the JB yacht event. We did it like every three months. And then we do our events. We do the yacht party. People that sign up for our programs get to go on the yacht. For us, we sit on the dock and we all get to go away. It's called a separation. It's called the separation close. We make it very painful for them not to invest in us. You said we're back in after this? We actually have a year-long coaching program where we work with speakers for a year. We help them run their events. We help them strategically look at their business and help them for a year. It's awesome. It's all fun. I love coaching. I was a professional football coach trainer for eight years. I spoke to the S-Quartier one of my trainers to use. I'm trying to think of what it was. It was to the effect of you know, you see getting ready to sell the packages. You should probably do this if you think you're worthy. Oh yeah, that's good. You see Tony speak, Robin speak? We were laughing a couple weeks ago. He said, yes, yes, he's on the close. He said, stand up, get your peak state. He said, yes, yes. I said, yes, then go to the corners of the room and go by. Everyone's like, storm it. He didn't used to do that either, man. He just started. He was a terrible closer. He would have his tables out in the hall, but he didn't want to close people. Yeah, but he's getting... He does something like, last I knew, he made about 150,000% of our upwards of 200,000. And then he did that about six days a week. And when you end up all that cash, you don't know how much that was. It was 10% of his business. His company was pissed that he would go out there and do that because he would make so much money cranking up the problem. I'll talk about it. He's like, for him it's not a business. He loves it. He loves it. He loves it. That's his passion. Okay, so can I hear your yes statement? Yes, so how many of you want to make more money? How many of you want me to finally make the internet simple? How many of you want to make money on autopilot? How many of you want multiple streams of internet income? Okay, awesome. Cool. So, on here we talked about introducing, getting them into a yes state. Seven yeses equals a sale. Yes, all seven yeses up front or just three or four days? Just in general, but seven yeses equals a sale. My old presentation I had, I'm saying yes 68 times. Seven says yes. 68 says. I gave you all my trial closes so you can put them out flashcards and man them through. When you become really good at stage closing. Because you have to remember, a great sales person doesn't talk. They do what they ask. That's the question. That's right. So when you watch, watch more, some of the great closers, they do very little talking. They just get them constantly raising their hand. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. And then the thing is, is then they get into the back room. So we're going to get them into a yes state. Small commitment is equal to big commitment. Now the key is the very first sale of the presentation is getting the audience to agree. So if you get to the stage and say, how many of you want to make more money? Put them out in the sale. Yeah. Now Marshall Silver does, he hits him hard and says, if your hand isn't up right now, go ahead and leave. So he's forcing that state. Now to me, that's not my personality. So we have to introduce, we have to force a response if there's a lot. Because 50% will raise the other roll. So we have to stop and we can't start a presentation. They better raise their hand. So this is my friends. I flew all the way from Tampa, Florida and Bill and Dan wanted me to teach you some amazing skills about the internet. Seriously, how many of you want me to show you how to make more money? And then I do this. So I get everybody to get their hand up. Because if you can't get them to do this, they're not going to do that. Yeah. So just, so just know, force the response up. If you got to get them to agree. Another strategy that I do is a lot of guys, they kind of get their hand kind of caught in the middle. And how do you want to make more money and kind of get here? What you want to do is you want to give them a command and then you want them to respond. Kind of like that. So it's command, response. You're teaching them, you're training them. You're hypnotizing them basically. So what I do is, is I remember in the equation, when you're influencing people, the majority of it is not your words, it's your body. So I use my physiology. I say, so I say, how many of you want to make more money? And I come here, I come down, and I put my hand up and I get up on my tippy toes. What will happen is it will cause me to stop. Because I get up at stage and too excited, it's hard for me to pause. So I created that strategy so it will cause me to stop. And then I go. So something you can think about, if you're too quick up there, get up on your tippy toes and then get them to raise their hand. Make sense? Yep. Okay. The next strategy we're going to do is strategy number four, which is called framing. And you'll know this pretty well because you're a marketing guy. Basically what framing is, is telling folks what you're going to do to them. Getting them ready for what's going to happen. Now as a hypnotist, what we'll do is we'll do something like this. In a moment, I'm going to begin counting from 10 to 1. The moment I say the number 10, your body will begin to relax. So what I'm doing is, is I'm telling them what I'm going to do to them. The same thing if you can change your conversation, tell your folks what you're going to do to them. You will notice people running to the back of the room at the end of my presentation. You will notice yourself getting more and more excited about internet marketing. So I'm framing them. Another way to think about framing is what they call open loop. You know what open loop is? Marketers? Yeah. So what a marketer take the newspaper. Front page of the newspaper it says, Brett Farr is going to retire more on page 5C. You got to go to 5C, you got to read it. So they open looped you and now you're going to fill in that gap. Oh yeah, I forgot to tell you by the way Brock told me he wanted me to tell you something very, very important. But what you want to do for open looping is you want to do something and now you want to fill that gap, right? He didn't say nothing, he just made it up. So the same thing for our presentations. We want to open loop them, frame them. And so when I spoke at the same conference Larry gave me about 35 minutes. So I had to make a huge impression from all the folks that are my clients. And so I open looped them to that. I said, you know, in a moment I'm going to show you this. I'm also going to teach you my blueprint for success. I'm going to show you this. I'm going to show you some NLP techniques. I open loop them, like hook them, hook them, hook them, hook them, hook them. And then I finished the loops. So I wanted to finish the loops. What was to do what? Come here. So I got a whole bunch of the folks to come here because I open loop them. So you're not closing the presentation. I closed some of them, but I leave a lot open because the only way to close them is to buy my product. Okay. So now that you understand framing, I'm going to make this as easy for you. Is that yours? I will show you. We're going to put it into the presentation so you don't have to memorize it. So here's a presentation I've created to do webinars to sell people into our speaker system. So what you're about to discover here in a moment is my six key steps to making seven figures and more. I'm also going to teach you in a moment how to build a huge database. I'm also going to teach you here in a moment how to increase your conversions on webinars and live presentations. I'm also going to teach you here in a moment how to automate your online sales lead generation machine. I'm also going to show you and teach you in a moment how you can run events and be highly profitable. So what I did is I kind of just basically told them what I was going to do for the presentation. So I want you to kind of just go ahead and make some bullet points here of what you're going to basically hook them up. You're basically selling them on and listening to you more. So you're going to teach them to show them the power of the internet maybe or how you can make a lot of money in there. You're going to show them about driving traffic. I'm just throwing some ideas out there for you. How to build a massive database. Just like the front page newspaper. So this is basically selling them on and open looping them to listen to your webinar. You tried? I'm real stick with it. Yeah, I'm real stick with words. It's so funny. I listen to people's words so much now. So all you have to do is you just hook them. You got to get them excited about listening to you. Let's see if I have a presentation. Okay. Okay. Here's Kevin Wilkes. Have you seen results for his yet? Has he sent back any? He's probably most familiar with it. He's going to tell me about you guys. Yeah, I mean he's got good results. I don't know what they were. Yeah. So it's a good idea. He's a funny guy. He's so bland. He still blows our money and makes money. I don't know how he freaking makes money. I'm just sitting there saying the same thing. If we can help this guy convert, my gosh, he's got really dry personality. Nice guy. He's really dry. It goes to tell you, I was listening to, you ever listen to Jerry Nester-Hicks, personal involvement stuff. He was like, the law of attraction. You attract and you know, thoughts and all that. He said, skill has nothing to do with success. So all your thoughts. But see it over and over again. People are not really good at skill. They just somehow are attracting. I was like, Kevin Wilkes. Kevin's our mastermind group. I don't know if you know David Fry. David Fry got up as well. He was just like, I just want to thank Kevin Wilkes. He's living proof that someone with no social abilities and no powers can actually make money in this business. This is so funny. Oh gosh. I know he's going to stay in Brazil for like two months. I was like, yeah, I must be nice. So you've got these, what you're about to discover. So I want you to use the terminology like this. Is this a highlighter? Or pen? Me. So, what are they? Memoriam. So in a moment, I'm going to teach you three simple steps system for creating tiny niche websites that make hands free money. I'm going to teach you what I'm going to do here. I'll tell you a story about a couple that makes 15k a month teaching other people how to tie hair bows and they don't even know how to tie it in themselves. Today I'm going to talk about. Today I'm also going to talk about how others can quickly and easily do all the work for you for under $3 an hour. And I'm going to show you how to be up and running in less than 48 hours from right now. Awesome. Cool. You got it. Make sense? Now the biggest way to hook somebody, the biggest hook is, and most guys don't do that, is make them a promise. Watch this. In the next 90 minutes, I promise you two things. I'm going to show you and teach you how to make money online and I'm going to show you how to completely automate it. So make them a promise. So just put some, I promise you this. The end of my presentation, bubble, bubble, bubble. That's like the biggest meat hook you can get in this, making my promise. So I'll give you a, so. In the next 90 minutes, I promise you two things. I'm going to show you and teach you how to make money online and I'm going to show you how we'll do it all for you. Something like that. I'm going to show you my secrets or something. I promise you two things. I'm going to show you what most marketers don't know. Or just something, just something that hooks them. Oh, you didn't tell me the yes on the webinar. You hooked me. How do you do the yes on the webinar? Oh, good call. I know most of you on this call want me to show you how to make money. I know what you're here to learn. So you said you can't say how many of you want, buy a show of hands. Most of you want me to show you. You just got to assume the fact. Help yourself to whatever is rotten, all the food and everything for you. So I'm going to promise you at the end of the presentation, I'm going to show you how to make money online. I'm going to do it for you. And how I can do it all for you. Yeah, you can say that. I'll do it all for you. I promise you by the end of this presentation, I'm going to show you how to make money online. And I'm actually going to show you how I can do it all for you. Awesome. I think you can make money online. Yeah, you can get more precise. You can do a little bit better, but it will come to you. Okay, so now after we hook them, that's framing, the next thing we got to do is we got to sell them on why internet marketing, why real estate, why whatever. So we need to sell them on whatever. Let me go back. Okay. So we need to sell them on why, what are you saying, why internet? Yeah. Okay, so why internet? So I'm just going to throw some ideas out. So why, this is why am I excited about the internet? Well, because the click of a button, you can impact the world. Technology has made it easy to make money online. More millionaires are created online than anything else. Why real estate? Because you can make residual income easy. Why? Because you can work from your home. You don't need employees. So just basically sell me on why. And then what we'll do is we'll put up bullet points there. So I'll give you real estate. So why real estate? Well, nine out of 10 millionaires have become millionaires through real estate. Why real estate? Because you can buy and sell real estate with no money down. Why do foreclosures? Well, they're foreclosure to all time high right now. So I'm selling them on my topic. So why online? What's the sex thing about online? You know most of them. Where's the money, work from home? Employees. Very little cost to entry. It can be automated for some time for your family. Yeah, there you go. That's good. You know what I tell you guys? It's so funny when I write presentations. You know, I do presentations myself. And I know this formula back and forth. I can do anybody's presentation. But when I have to write my own presentation, I can't. I have to bring somebody in here and they have to do it for me. It is so funny how we have blinders on and our own business. It's so amazing. I'm like, how the fuck am I? It's crazy. It's so easy to look at somebody else's business and say, oh, you need to do this, you need this, you should charge me residuals. And then when they're in their business, they can't see that stuff. Yeah, it's too close. Yeah, it's too close. We almost overthink our else. We thought about it so much. We have browses and analysis and too much coming in. We almost have to strip it down and build it back up. Yeah, score. And you have stuff that you can't charge out. You can't do that, you know, at some point. Okay, cool. So why? Because you work from home. You have very little cost to entry. It's automates of the present time for your family. It's the new real estate. It's virtual real estate. There are more millionaires that are going to be made now, online than ever before. Can you say it's quick and easy? Quick and easy. Especially if it's just built under cheap. People don't want to be working. You want to be a goofing out. If you're working too hard, you have to have a system ready. You really want to goof off. Okay, good. So, you know, we told them the benefits of your industry. You know, get excited about your industry. That's what we did there. The next thing is why now? So why is the best time now? We've got to get them into it now. Take action now. So why now? So they have to do this now. They need to get started today. The demand, the technology, the market's perfect. Money's perfect. So why now? So you're saying like with the real estate example, if you're in a down economy, it's time to get rich. Why are people getting nervous if you're in an up economy? Come on, these things are so hand over fish. You've got to get out of here losing money every day. You've got to sell money. Yeah, so you've got to sell money now. Because it means, oh, you sold them on real estate and they're sitting there going, well, you can't do that now. The markets collapse. So you've got to sell them. Right now is the best time. Like you said, the market's the cheapest it's ever been. So why now? Because the internet's going to get bigger. So you've got to sell them on ground floor opportunity. Why now? Technology and systems have made it more easier to get involved. And almost these two can almost kind of be kind of the same. But I just want to really hit home to get them excited about whatever it is. Thank you. So why now? More homes have internet than ever before. Not only that, people got phones that are getting so they can buy and sell right from their phones. I think it's nine out of 10 consumers go online to buy a product. Is that true state? Yeah. So how pretty do you know? Because social media has made traffic generation cheap or easy and cheap for you for most people. More people are online and there's more pain there before people are looking for solutions. And people have internet on their phones and nine out of 10 consumers go online to buy it. Awesome. Anything else? I would talk a little bit about eco-boomers. Eco-boomers are online and texting. They're holding the market. They're going to be the next wave after the baby boomers. Huge market. Another 56 million plus coming into the market and love to buy online. Yeah, I think those are good. 50 million new customers coming online every day or whatever. Some of these statistics we might have to do like a search. This guy told me 50 million people would do it. What about statistics? You can make a statistic. You're blaming on somebody else. You're calling a paul and dr. Tline. You're calling the guy to him the other day. I make up statistics all the time. I make up statistics all the time. I just use for everything I use. I use Pareto's for 80, 20. You'll double the credibility if you don't use an even number. I'll use 5 and 0. 6.2% That sounds like a good deal. 5 out of 60. If you say 70, 80, that's like, yeah, you pulled it out. You didn't buy it, and you didn't tell me what that was. We sold them on. Right now is the opportunity. The next thing we're going to do is we're going to build credibility. This is what I want you to think about. If Donald Trump is speaking on stage, they will listen to Donald Trump more than me, right? Why? Because he's more credible. He's more a guru. What we want to do is make you look like a superstar right here. I'm going to give you an example. We're going to create a slide like this, and we're going to make you look like a leading expert. I'll just give you mine so you can trigger what I want you to do is write down. A little bit about Dave Van Hoos. I founded the 35th fastest growing company in America. I generated 32 million in sales. I've done over 2,600 sales presentations. I was sales trainer of the year. I ran over 2,000 events a year. I was a world champion trainer. I'm an author. You're an author, right? So you can do that. Then, A.K.A., I can make up whatever I want. They call me the presentation doctor. I also consult some of the biggest center of companies and speakers in the country. I've been on Inc. 500 Magazine, seen on TV, Fox, NBC, ABC. I'm just selling them on me being the authority figure. So you're an author? What? No. You've written courses in the books. So put author. Yeah, you're an author. Have you spoken outside the country? Yeah. International speaker? Business owner, after all. Something that's going to make me know that you've... I've made such and such money online. $10 million a year in sales. Okay, online, right? Yeah. A.K.A., I'm known as the leading online expert or leading something. I'm working at gang-kid events and Tony Robbins events. I don't know if I'd use them because it kind of takes off of you. Really? Yeah. Leaning expert. What else can we say? I've been on CBS, seen on Fox. Good. So we'll put the symbols. You've been in any books or magazines? No, they're Blueprint magazines. How about Consultant? Oh, yeah. Consultant, International Speaker, Train More, Internet Markers, Anybody in the Country or... Developed over 300 plus products. Yeah, that's pretty much it. So for credibility, your past successes, accomplishment, any awards, media, what sets you apart and why you're the authority figure. How are you? I'm the leading authority in blank. You make that up. You're the authority. You're the authority figure. You're the authority figure. There you go. Perfect. That's true. You're the authority figure. You're the authority figure. You're the authority figure. There you go. So for every presentation you do, you just go and follow the template and knock it out. Yep, works every time. You're seeing how easy it is now, but it took so long to figure this thing out. That's why everybody's been successful with it. Let's see, so now we're going to go to story. It's because we have a proven template that's working. Okay. When you have like five-year speakers on stage, back-to-back, people like... No pattern. They don't even see a pattern. It's amazing. Okay, so the next thing we're going to do is, is your story. Okay? So, you're going to see the page. Story, so just real quick. Stories, sell, facts tell. You know, so you're going to tell your story, how you got started, you know, about you, and basically you're going to just tell them your story. Now remember, if they like you, they buy. The story is done for a couple of reasons. One, if they trust you, they got to trust you first before they buy and they have to like you. And all the story is, is I was just like you, down and out, da-da-da-da-da. So you're going to tell them your story. People love stories. So you're going to tell them your story. Then what you're going to have is a crash, hopefully maybe a crash. Like, you know, I was doing internet marketing and then bam, you know, I lost my job or something crashed. So I got a crash, you're bringing the folks down, and then you have what they call a pivotal point, which then I did my first real estate deal. I did my first deal, made $43,000. And so then you're going to anchor down your product. And that's what changed your whole life around. And then now the story is, lifestyle is great. I get to do all this in my life. And then this is what they're buying. They're buying the results that your product, that you're getting from your product, and that they're going to get from your product. Does that make sense? Let me see if I can get a... I'll do mine. So you can kind of get an idea. I got my story. So I started off, here, talked about my family, I started off. And then I lost... Yeah. And then I took it a couple slides out because this is a... I want to do it quick. And then I was a professional football trainer and I had, when I was paralyzed, at 30 years old, I had back surgery and some of my back surgery. And then pivoted a point, I started doing events. It's my first event I did in a Denny's restaurant with 12 people. So that was a pivotal point. You didn't get a limbo limb of it? No, just to make my company do a little event there. And then I did 2,000 events and then made ING 500. So my story is getting better now. Building credibility, getting on a motivated stage. And then... Here's my lifestyle now because of... because of this business. Get the limos, yachts, cars, boats. And then the most important thing is not in this family. So that's how we're going to pull your story off. So we're going to, you know, having a picture of you when you first started or leaving your job. And then you talk about it, it's going to crash. And then... then you're going to have a story. We're going to get some pictures, lifestyle pictures. And we're going to put that in your story. Does that make sense? Let me see if I can grab somebody else so you can get another idea. Let's see if you can lifestyle like that. Let's see. Let's see if you've got it in there. I don't have this completed one in here. I don't have this completed one in here. He's at Brazil right now probably. Let's see if I can grab somebody else. He's got a cool one. Oh, well, you can do Chris Wise. I think he's got a pretty cool one. So here's representing the crash. And then here's what life's like now. I get to, you know, got a nice car, get to travel all over the world, skydiving, go to Egypt on camels. You know, life is awesome because of my system. Okay. So we're going to do the story there. Does that make sense? Okay. And basically what we're selling them on is this. The lifestyle now because of your product. And that's what they want to buy. Now for this, this is the energy review. Should I tell like my first energy review site, like the potato gun story? Yes. We'll use the potato gun story and then that will lead into how this idea evolved in your business evolved. Okay. The next thing we're going to come to after our story. And I just want to give you this little tidbit. So when you're doing a live presentation, you have 90 minutes. When you do a webinar, you have about 75. So the really thing you're going to take away is your story. Because on a live, they don't freaking care. I mean, from a webinar, they want you to get to a quicker. So you got to get to a quicker. So you got to get to a quicker. So you got to cut your story about in half. But from a stage, they can't leave. So you got to sell them on. As long as you want. Yeah, you can get up there. And also I'm going to give you this little trick. Is when you're on stage and you're doing a presentation, majority of speakers don't know this. When you're on stage, there's an imaginary line. It's you versus them. So most speakers stay up on stage in their presentation. It's the worst place you want to be. You want to get off the stage and you want to be a part of them. So you want to get off the stage and you want to be a part of them. You want to be just like them. So as soon as you tell your story, so I want you to think of this. So I'm going to tell you my story here in a moment. And so then you get off the stage and you find the guy that's the third row up. Only a guy. Put your hand on him, connect with him. And then I just want you to get story mode. So I'm going to tell you my story. So I grew up and live it at the bottom. It just be like, why don't you look at some telling my story. And so you're going up and touching people. What you're doing is you're building a port. And if you're going to be one guy, you connect with him, you connect with everybody. So your story is just storytelling, connecting with people, and letting them know it's your real. Does that make sense? So then your story. Now what we're going to do is, is we're going to target the problem. Now I listened to Tony Robbins three years ago and he said something. Everybody goes from pain to war. But I'm like, what the hell does that mean? I didn't figure it out until recently. So watch this. I think I can sell you this bottle of water for $7,000. Okay, watch me. I just got a call from a doctor. And he told me you got a very, very rare disease. It's going to be very, very painful. You've got about 24 hours. And this disease is very, very painful. And I have a solution. If you drink this water, you'll be healed in three seconds. It's $7,000. Do you buy? Of course. So what I did is, I turned up the pain. And then offered the solution. Nobody does this in their presentation. So we're going to turn up the pain and then offer the solutions. That makes sense? So we're going to target the problem, which is I don't have the time, I don't have the money, I'm working full time, and then offer the solution, which is your product. This is early in the presentation. Oh yeah, you got to let me know right away. When you're doing copyright, you're offering those pain intensively made solutions. Yeah, same thing. So I'll also tell you why that is and what you just asked. So here's mine. I'm targeting the problem. Challenges other people have. Other people have. Because they don't know where to start. They don't have a business plan. They don't have the right strategy. They're not converting on webinars. They're not selling high end packages. They're not using affiliates. So I turned up the pain, offered the solution, which was our event. Makes sense? So let's go ahead and target their problem. They may have used the wrong strategy. You don't have the system. What's going through their mind? I don't have the time. I didn't have the money. So you're hitting all the reasons why. I don't have the money. Or the spread of funds. Had the wrong system. Right, yes. Yeah. I don't know how to come in. Yeah. Do you think others face their minders saying that's me too, right? Wrong. Other people. You make them a shield to defend. We never want to be wrong. So. So they don't have the time. Oh, their websites not converting. They don't have traffic. I don't have a database. How much from their website? We're just the place they use to drive. How do websites know we're just a web tool? No problem. Okay, so what are the challenges others have? They don't have the time, the money, the experience. They've tried the wrong systems in the past. You get information overload. And even worse on that, they're learning strategies that are outdated and never worked in the first place. The websites aren't converting and no one ever shows up to their website. Okay, good. Awesome. So you turned up the pain. And then guess what? Wah-ha! You have a solution. Dude, there is a solution. And now, your product equals show your product equal solution. So I have created the solution, which is this. Show the product. Talk about the features and benefits. Easy to use, done for you, push button. And so you're just going to do this. Now, the reason you ask why this comes so early, and I'll kind of tell you this for the reason why, is back in the day when we used to do events, we'd say, oh, we're going to do a foreclosure workshop. People would come and we'd teach them and teach them and teach them and say, oh yeah, by the way, we have books and tapes here. And then we used to trick people to bait and switch them when we sell them. Today, people are not stupid. They go to an event or they go to a webinar. They know you're going to sell them. So to hide it is the worst thing you can do because they're sitting there going, I know he's going to try to sell something. I know he's going to try to sell something. And at the end, oh, see, I told you that. Instead of the philosophy is once somebody experienced something fully, it vanishes. Dan Kennedy says, once you know that there's a pink elephant in the room and you tell us to pick out from, it vanishes. And so we just let him know. So listen, how many of you think that I might try to offer you something at the end of this webinar? Great. I won't let you down. Actually, I've got a complete system. So we just let them know. When they know, then it's gone. And the other thing is, we let them know about the system. So that way, they're validating. Oh, that makes sense. I can see how you can use that. Now I know why. Instead of waiting until the end going, oh, yeah, by the way, here's the system so that they know right away. And put it this way, if they get ticked off or they're not just beat it. We're not here surveying, but we're looking for the 20%ers. And the people that are complaining and this, that and the other, you know what, so it's going to just let them know they know and it's over with. So now what we're going to do is now we're going to create, here's your teaching part. We're going to give them five keys, five steps or five pillars. So here's like the body of our presentation. So we're going to break down your subject, make it simple, make it easy for them to follow. Tell the energy and what to do, not how to do it. So for me, let's break down my steps. So I'm going to give them five keys, let's break down my steps. So I'm going to give you six key steps to making seven figures as an infomarker or speaker. Number one, you need to develop a product or service. Number two, you're going to market your product. Number three, you're going to sell your product. Number four, you're going to build your list. Number five, you're going to upsell them. And number six, you're going to automate it. So we're going to give them our steps. And then we're going to break each step down, create your product. Here's how you can create a product. So this, this is where you're going to tell them what to do. So what I need you to do is I need you to fill this out for Justin. Because he's going to create these slides. So we're going to do steps or keys, our principles, our pillars to blank. So do you have steps in your presentation now? So we're going to fill this out for Justin. So we're going to fill this out for Justin. So do you have steps in your presentation now? Just kind of, there's the three steps, like step one, if someone asks what it wants, from a three, give it to them. You can do that, that's fine. Nope, three is good. To give the PowerPoints a sentient? Yes. The wind's blowing downstairs. We should give lunch downstairs. Okay, was it nice off? Oh, that looks nice, man. I don't know if you saw it. Oh, yeah, you got it. Too late, too late. All I had to do was anchor him down, I would have. Then find out what these are, and then we'll break him down. So we can maybe call this five or three steps to financial freedom. Okay. Okay, and so now, so mine was created product, so I did, you can do six-league webinar series, you can do events, home study, membership websites. You talk brief, yeah, brief. Because what happens is, and this is what was awesome, I saw it, and I knew it, but I had to see it again because oh, god, who's that Dan Kennedy's again? Who's the Frank Curran? He gave him five steps, and people wrote those five steps and I saw everybody around, and they were happy as hell. Even though he didn't do nothing. He's entertained them. So if people can write down five steps or three steps on a piece of paper, they feel like, oh, my god, we're so much in here. Does that make sense? And all these steps are furthering the sale, too, by the way. And the other thing, as soon as they find out, it's hard, or there's work involved. They're out. They're out. These steps gotta be easy. Find out more on Watch TV. Find out more on Watch TV. olives spectres brother This is an awesome offer. This offense Do you watch Alex in Doses? Presentations the last one he sold? No, I didn't. Do you watch Alex in Doses? Presentations the last one he sold? No, I didn't. Do you watch Alex in Doses? Oh yeah, I can do that. He did sit somewhere. He pitched his right in the very first 10 minutes. He pitched again like, in the middle of the pressure, he'd go back signing up while you're still teaching. Oh yeah. And then he'd close like 3 or 4 times throughout the whole thing. He'd do people going back to different things. We're doing the same thing for you. We'll close in waves. Oh, is that scary though? My biggest fear is like, doing your pitch and no one budges and you're like, oh crap, no right. No, they won't do that with me, I'll show you how. We'll prevent that. That will never happen. That looks crazy. You just want to buy it? Who's surprised? It's hot. So he did. He mentioned the product in the beginning, like we did, and you close in waves. We'll do the same thing. Payton's on the price in the middle of the time. This is our, trust me, trust me, it's worth it. Go back and get it. This is the mic, I'll promote to my list. If you buy a first 50 people buy, I'll promote to my list and everyone's run back. Open up what to us, let's do a product. Yeah. I'm going to go to the ladies that have been like the PS one's email. PS, go check out some of those things. That's us, some sexy. It's a law firm. You know what I've noticed is that I came from the real estate, some in our business, and us real estate guys are lethally dirty. We have an advantage. We have whatever it is. I go to real estate event, they're selling like crazy, and they go, I'll let people have caught up to us yet. So when we're flying to markers, and you guys are about four or five years behind us. We still need people to learn stuff. Yeah, you guys are under selling. So it's real fun to work with an international guy. It's true, internet will go for the breath when they take what they've got and sell the hell out of it. Yeah. In the marketing piece. I just think that the real estate, we have just perfected selling so much. We've been out there selling and guys are just so good. So relational. That was like Ron Legrand. He's a good speaker, he's... The new guys are better. The new guys are better. New guys are really good. The old guys, they made a lot of money. They were watching me, they were terrible. You know, Ron Legrand usually benefits by comparing kids to rascals. They usually have three or four lousy speakers. He has a nice voice, says things with confidence. He looked great compared to the Dan Kennedy's and Bill Gladewiers and everybody showed up before. But not his own. Probably Bill the Road. Yeah. Like Dave was saying, sold before they get in the room. Yeah, when they see Dan and Bill and those guys are sold before they show up. Because they positioned it right. Which is awesome. You ever spoke on their stage? Who? Dan's. No, we're actually doing an event with Bill Gladewiers. Four months we're going to do a speaker event. Oh cool. Yeah, so it's going to be Ron, Austin, Bill. Oh, speaker book. Yeah, it's going to be cool. So we're excited. We believe that his list would love our product. Oh yeah. Man, if I sold that as an event I'd close the heck out of the day. A, because I'm polished and B, because our message is perfect. Especially the info from the group. Yeah. Perfect post guys. Oh, the others would say, I got to completely automate your webinar. And our social proof and testimonials are through the world too. I get to see every national speaker out there saying, we went to these guys, made all this money. It was funny the Marco and I was there, and Marco went to me. These guys all were so great. Oh yeah, we worked with Marco. He's a great speaker too, man. He's a freaking good. He's a talented guy. Yeah, we used to, we worked with newbies and worked a lot with really experienced guys. It's really hard for a speaker to really take a whole day and map out your presentation. I'm always night before an hotel in Lake. It's like the last thing you want to do. But really what most people come to us for is because they know they're paying, you know, 10 grand and they're planning out the whole day. And so they have to. You know? They gave you some of the best stuff that's out there, but it's slices, it's not all the way down to the nuts and bolts, it's more story telling, those types of things. Not a complete system. You have to go to like 12th course and you said, is it complete and priced off by holes? Who's this system? That big candy. Oh. You can get a lot of holes. Here, no holes. Zero. Yeah. Well, because we do it here, we do it. It's pretty cool. We came five years away from winning Margaret of the Year, which really made a huge impact on our business. We got robbed. That girl has nothing on Dustin Laws. She's scary. She's lying like crazy up there. Is she really? Well, I got an app company in it. I started freaking employee. It's a webinar to her. She doesn't want an app company. She's like, oh yeah, I believe in kids so much and helping kids out. I set my charity foundation up two days ago. Oh, and by the way, it's called Gaze for whatever. Like you set your charity foundation two days ago before you got to speak. I mean, come on. For the first time in a matter, she had a big booth at one of her events. It was called Women with Falls. Oh my god. That was her company. They all teach her songs for women with falls and a bunch of friends. Oh my gosh. Unbelievable. I don't know. I'm sure you're competing with maybe you. She beat you out. That's embarrassing. Yeah. Dustin, I'm going to kill it next year. Who's going to touch it? Well, we're going to get into this Titanium boot song. That's probably another reason why we probably didn't win. Who knows if they come to the boats. Yeah. Can't have a guy that's not in the coaching room. Win it. Win it. Tell Billy we want to upgrade to one of the pot. Are you a which one do you put in? I don't know yet. We definitely got to get in the high one. That's going to be worth our time. Yeah. Even the high ones are getting the high ones. I know that this one launch there is like the, he's asked to, I guess he's called those Titanium. Yeah. Was a platomy pitch there? Yeah. The Titanium we want to get into. Yeah. That's our men's class five years. It would be good to have you guys in there. Yeah. We can give a lot of value. A lot of things we're doing out there. We can share. Because we're working with a lot of guys that we're working with them and figuring out, so we're testing all that stuff. We work with you. You go home and test this and you're going to call me. This is this. We can always guys testing all our stuff. We're gathering that data. My perception is that they don't like to do the speaker stuff. And that's so much bill. That's really all bill now. We've got that transition. Dan's speaking course wasn't very good though. Bill's was better than Dan's like old school. Yeah. He can make $3,500 for a presentation. Wow. Yeah. That's the time you're speaking I will entrust you. Yeah. They've got a lot of stuff that doesn't work in today's market. Used to work. I know. I was like, I went to Armand speaker training. Quick bunch stuff and huge, huge bump bill. I got some bills, but I don't know. So this was like done. That's like an easy no braider. I saw like going to presentation and like use that as a framework for other stuff. Yeah. That's what a lot of folks do. A lot of guys, you know, you have a form of a lot of guys right there on now. Now right there on. Come back to us. Yeah. Because you know, because it's sometimes nice to sit back. What's your time work? Guys has worked more than 10,000. Well, these are great sales videos for each of our products. We're all not a new product every month or so. And so, you know, I have my template stuff I use, but you know, I mean, he's going to pull out of this for that fast. Throw a plant in the lowest type of things. We got, I think it's, you know, Josh Cantwell. Someone's really familiar. He does. He'll go, think of a product he's going to design. Comes here. We write the presentation. He's going to blast it out to his list, sells it, builds a product, and it makes a bunch of money. And then next month comes back to us again. So each month he's got all these different, so what he used to do is have different speakers come to his list and sell. So now instead of that, he just comes up to write all the presentations. So now he's got like six different products he's selling on. It's actually pretty cool. You know? He's going to approach us. I'm just getting hot here. It's the farmers on AC coming through here. Can you check in with them? What's up? It's usually okay. They have AC up low. It doesn't, we have to open those doors to keep. Oh, it's not going to air-condition. Yeah. So we've got the list for May at a later date. I want you to business it doing for other people right now versus other stuff you're doing. What's the question? How much of your business is this at a power day type stuff versus... Doing it doing the business ourselves. It's about 50-50. Yeah, we're still doing stuff. It's kind of a weird twist for us. It's like, we can make more money out there doing it, but some of it... I can't feel why you're charging a percentage of people's presentations. We're getting ready to do it. You might make money on the stage if you spend about it. We get it. Guys kept that much. 10 grand and then what? He's like, just 10 grand. I'm like, they don't charge you a percentage? No. Things are going to change. While we were in transition, we started this business with no capital. We made some transitions, so we did some stuff. The key is now that we've got a reputation, we'll be doing this for... And we're booked up until next year almost. We've got one or two days available in three and a year. But as soon as that happens, all the results we're getting now, going into next year, we can do things differently. We've built up our reputation and the industry. And we really wanted to underpromise and over-deliver. And so we've done that. So now we can go to another level. 10, 10 by 3. Okay, good. So now we've got those. I'm going to give this to Dustin. So then what we're going to do here is something unique. We're going to say step one and you're going to say step one. I'll give you an example. So let's just say there's four steps to finding foreclosures. Step one might be find a foreclosure. Step two, put under contract. Step three, solid. Step five, cash check. So we'll go step one, find a foreclosure. You know, go to the courthouse, use realtors, use the foreclosure list. One might be go put bandit signs up. Somebody's sitting in a group going, that doesn't work. You know, I put bandit signs up. So what we do is step one, then we do what they call social proof. Testimony, hey, I want to thank you so much. I signed up with your foreclosure system. Put the bandit signs up. Just like you said, I did my first house and made $40,000. So good. So what we're doing is we're giving a step and a social proof. So we're social proofing throughout the whole presentation, which that's why they buy. They're buying because of the results. So when you get to these social proofs, just make, I'm going to amp you down that now you're going to become a testimonial storyteller. Because that's why they're buying. This is what they enjoy. Everybody loves to hear about your students. So we solve them. So step two is going to be what you have on here. And then we're going to carry it up. I'm going to thank you so much. I got your website system. You did everything for me. I'm making 15,000 a month residual. Thank you so much. You have your step three. Notice I want to thank you so much. You completely found me a niche that I never thought possible. I'm generating more money. I'm out of my J.O.B. Doing the things I want to do. Thank you so much. And so then we're going to get to the end of our steps. So you have three steps. And now what we're going to do is now we're going to blast them. Social proof. Thank you so much. I got your system. Thank you so much. I made $10,000 with your system residual. Thank you so much. I made $15,000. Thank you so much. I'm out of my job. I made $15,000. Thank you so much. I'm out of my life and traveling. So we're going social proof, social proof, social proof, social proof. And then who wants to be my next success story? They're sold. Who wants to be my next success story? They're all going to raise their hand. They're done. It's trial closed. They're done. So we trial closed them there. And then we're going to go here. This is what they buy. This is the results of your product. So we're going to get them to start dreaming about lifestyle. So put the word here, just imagine and put the word feel. So I want you to go just imagine what it would feel like to be able to send your kids to any college. That's why they're there. What would it feel like to drive your sports car? What would it just imagine living in your ideal house? What would it feel like to be able to take your family trip? So what we're doing here is remember all buying decisions are based on emotion, back by life. So we're making them emotional. So we're getting them to start visualizing this life, this lifestyle. And then guess what? The only way for them to have that lifestyle is your product. Okay? So that's the next thing. And then after your product, people don't buy benefits or features they buy benefits. The reason why somebody buys your product or service is the benefits outweigh the cost. The benefits outweigh the cost they exchange. So nobody does this. We put the benefits. What's the benefits of your system? More time, more money, done for you. Financial freedom. It's going to give you an unfair advantage. So we'll need to list your benefits right there. So what are the benefits of your system? More time, more money, done for you. Financial freedom, working with experts, proven system. You're telling somebody who's out there. I just felt titanium. I don't know. As long as it's close second. I'm going to call email Dustin Sanmigot, Dan Kennedy, Thauston. I'm sure titanium is a platinum. Yeah. The pot is going to be quite important. Into the titanium. Actually, it has this whole thing out tonight. We just launched a new program and the student arrived. So we rebuilt the whole presentation tonight based on the system of those. Awesome. It's all resolved for you by tomorrow. Sweet. Perfect. It's almost the same. How do you do this with the MLMs where, at least my MLM, you're allowed to share success stories and that type of stuff. How do you do all the stacks with all the benefits or the testimonials and stuff like that, as a social proof? What was the question? So MLM, I'm in. And most of them, the... They won't let you use social proof? Use social proof, I guess, on how the... They won't let you share any complaints. Like, I made 15 grand last month or anything related to how much money at all. So you can ask social proof? You can say I sent, because we sent out a card. So we sent a card and made the person really happy. That kind of social proof, you can't do. Can you say I doubled or tripled my income or not a figure? No. Can you say things like I won't even try to say how much money I made? You might be able to guess how much I made by how much I parked out in the back yard. You know? I went from a pinto to a Porsche. Can you say things like that? I've gotten a crook so many times for that company. I'm scared if I push the line for them and get cut. But I was just curious to see what they said. Because they're like those solid MLMs. They're very particular. Yeah. You think it's contagious? Oh yeah. Yeah. Well, so the answer to the question is, is people buy results? And so somehow you've got to figure out how you can add social proof testimonial results. Dave, how about... I can now take three months off a year. I've got a beautiful book that I take my family out of those six things. I put my kid through college. None of those are numbers. You can even maybe have a picture of somebody by their car and just assume the fact. Let me tell you about such a sign-up. He's very, very excited. He has a great lifestyle now. He pretty does, yeah. Or something like that and just assume it. Or it's social proof about the product. Hey, I used a product that cost 10 pounds. And the comp plan is awesome. So it could be something like, Kevin, I thank you so much. The product is so awesome. I've done this. And the checks keep coming in. So I don't know if you can just vaguely say it. Like you say, maybe... Yeah, I can't tell you how many checks are coming in, but I'm telling you it's a lot. Every two weeks they're here. Yeah, so every two weeks they get my checks. I get excited every time they open up my paper. And then you can try a close-up. How many of you would like to get checks? New checks in every two weeks? Well, great. I'll show you in a moment how you can make that happen. So something like that. So, okay, good. So we got the benefits. Now we're going to go walk... Now we're going to go into the offer. I'll show you what that looks like. This is what Dustin's building out right now as we speak. So you're going to get the event, the coaching. So you're going to get this. This, this, this, this, this, building up the value. Building up the value. These are all the different things that are in the thing. And then we're going to come to the summary page right here. So you're going to get everything I talked about and more. You're going to get this, this, this, this, this, this, this, that, and now you're going to get the $12,000 value. Now let me go to the blueprint because I've got to show you something else. Make a key to the really increasing of convergence. I've got the blueprint at the other one. It's like a mind map. What's that? I'm trying to get the summary. What happens to the mind map? Does it have a look still? It might be, yeah. A URL. Yeah. Where'd it be at? Here we go. And... Okay, cool. So we talked about the five key. Remember the steps? Social proof. Use the testimonials, pictures, written checks, income proof, people buy results. And the best thing about social proof or testimonies, you can overcome objections to testimonies. You know that? Yeah. Okay. We're going to show them the lifestyle, future pay some, get them to start thinking about the lifestyle, show them the benefits. We talked about the benefits. Present your products. And then we're going to get them selling retail. So right here, this is a huge thing. So where are we at? Right here. So today, the investment is $12,000. What most people do is they do this. It's $12,000, but today what I'm going to do is I'm going to do it for $14.95. You didn't sell people in $12,000 first. So we're going to add what they call the if all statements. I'll show you how to do this. Just adding these if all statements will just increase your conversions at a time. Nobody knows you except for Ben here. So, it's a $12,000 investment. Let me ask you this question. If all this system did for you was set up your complete online business and you made a residual of $10,000 a month, would it be worth the investment? If all this system did for you was completely get you out of your job, living the life you always wanted to live, would it be worth the investment? If all this system did for you was completely set up your whole online business, generating you millions of dollars each year, would it be worth the investment? So what we did is we got them to say, yes, three times to the retail. So that way when we break the price down, they're going to come smoking back there. So here's the if all statements. What the system did was get you one deal per month, would it be worth the investment? If all the system did was get you first million dollar deal, would it be worth the investment? All the system did was show you how to become financially free, would it be worth the investment? So all I want you to do is I want you to write three if all statements. If all the system did was blank, would it be worth the investment? All it do is... That's a good idea. I did some of it completely out of your system. That's what it is for the future. If all the system did was completely automate your online business and you got ten thousand dollars of residual income coming in every month, would it be worth the investment? All the system did was drive massive amount of traffic so you can become financially free. All right. How many have thought you had three? Three. Yeah, give them a say yes three times to retail. Okay. All system did was completely automate your online business and you get ten K a month coming into your business each month and would it be worth the investment? If all system did was give you your own website that was making it extra five thousand dollars a month, would it have been worth it? If all system did was finally give you approval on my business so your friends and family would envy and would it be worth it? Okay. Awesome. So you got to say yes three times and so then when you break it down, so we're going to break it down to whatever your price is going to be. So what I'm about to do here today is I'm going to make this as easy as possible for you today. So what I'm about to do today today, right now, for the first ten of you, is you're going to say get up, go to the WWW right now. You're totally risk free investment today. You're small, little, easy investment of fourteen hundred and ninety five dollars. That's your first flush. Okay. Now we're going to come to here. What will happen here is I've been studying this. The number one reason why somebody doesn't buy your product or service. The number one reason is because they're ripped off by somebody else. That's why they don't buy. So we have a money back guarantee. So I believe in the system so much that when you do the right thing and go to the back table and sign up to give a hundred percent money back guarantee. Try to think everything out for seven days. Everything I talked about in more, send it back. We'll give you complete refund. Okay. So here's your first wave. That's your second wave. Does that make sense? So then we're going to come over here. Now we got some fast action bonuses. So for the fast action bonuses, you want to do something like this. Who wants a two thousand dollar bonus? Who wants that they would want? Who wants to have whatever? Who wants to have our coaching program? For those of you have your hands up right now for the first ten of you that go back or go and sign up, you're going to get that today for free. Okay. Now when you're doing a live event, I'm going to share it through a secret. You're going to have people that are back there. The rest of them are sitting in their chair. And the reason that they're sitting in a chair is because there's more pain than pleasure to go back there. So watch what we do. So on stage, you'll see about, as soon as you see about four or five people at the back table, you're going to stop. You're going to take a huge breath in. What I want to do right now is I want to take the time to congratulate all the smart success will millionaire online marketers in the back table. Let's go ahead and congratulate them. You point your anchor down the back table, everybody turns and everybody starts cheering. Now it's celebration back there. So now, and then you say something. So the rest of you must be bargain choppers. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to give you a five, who wants a $5,000 bonus? And then they raise their hand. For those of you have your hands up right now, go back. I'm going to give you my one-on-one coaching for free. And then they're going to go back. Now you're going to get them on the bonuses. More facts, action bonuses, and then we're going to go the off one more time. So you're going to get everything I talked about. And today, right now, when you take action, you're going to get one bonus, two bonus. You get all these bonuses. This is an $18,000 investment. So another called action today, apparently your small little risk-free investment today is that. They're all going to go back. Now we're going to do something even better than that. How many of you, what if I could do something even better than that? How many of you know you want the system, you want me to give it to you, and you would like for me to give you the system completely for free? Who wants this system, wants me to give it to you for free? Well, great. I've got a certificate right here. Right here at that stakes. When you sign up today, we'll take a deposit of $2,495. Three people, they get into this program, they can use this system, and I'll give you your system for free today. So who wants this system, who wants it for free? Well, I've got 25 certificates back there for you to get it for free. So go back now, and dude, the whole room will come freaking running back there. And so now you walk back there, it says, now the key is, the free clothes, everybody's going to back there. Everybody wants the system for free. The key is to get back there. Now you've got to have your, this is where the pavement meets, the rubber meets the road. This is what you've got to do, you've got to get yourself excited. Get to the back, get behind the table. Get out of the chair if you want, depending on how many people there are. Who wants this system? I've got certificates to get this system for free. Who wants this system? Who's ready to change your life? Who's ready to make it out of the ground? Who's ready? Dark bantering. Who's ready? Great. Let me grab your, start grabbing credit cards. Start grabbing them, because you got about three minutes before this whole process is gone. Who's ready to change your life? Well, great. Go ahead and sign up. I've got a certificate here. You're going to get this system for free. Go ahead and sign up. Go ahead and sign up. Great question, sir. You don't want to, my office will answer all your questions tomorrow. You don't want to miss out on the opportunities. Go over here. No questions. Sign up here. Funnel them over there. And then what you can do. Now you've got about half of them back there. The rest of them are sitting in your chairs. Your mic's still on. I've got another mega, mega bonus I'm going to share. I'm going to give away today. Who wants another bonus? Who wants something even better? How about who wants another way to get this system for free? Well, great. My mic's going to set off in three seconds. I'm going to share with you all back here how you can get one more mega bonus. Personal time with me. This mic sets off in three seconds. Three, two. And then the rest of them come pushing back. You do that close at Dan Kennedy, you'll make a million bucks. For sure. Guaranteed. Because nobody in your industry knows how to do what I just said. And you do that, you'll come freaking. Their processing table couldn't even, if you use presentation the way you're going to do it, you do that at their event, you'll fold their table. Their table will collapse back there. They don't have an engineer, everything together like we did. Now, the free thing, I'll talk to you how we do the free thing. What we do, there's a couple of ways. Everybody wants to get this system for free, or think they can get this system for free. So in real estate, what we do is sign up today, find a real estate deal. We'll do the deal with you split 50-50 and we'll give you your thing for free. But we know that maybe 1% or 2% will actually do that. So we'll make more, we might have to give a couple of way at the end. So that's one way to give away for free. Another way is, I'm getting ready to write my book, I'm getting ready to do an infomercial and my producer wants me to get some new testimonials. Take the system, implement everything with my team. We're going to build your business up, as soon as you start making $10,000 a month, send me a testimonial and I'll give you the system for free. Knowing that if they take your system home and start making money with your system, they're not going to call you and ask for a free refund. So that's another way. And then refer three people that buy the system and you get it for free. So you got three new customers and you have to get one back. So those are the ways to come. For the affiliate program, you pay them $1,000, 30% cut on it, the webinar and you get two more people to... It's all free by refunding. And you may not want to buy any other. All the free thing is to trigger, so no matter, you don't ever have to worry about not selling. Or that never people going to the back. When you say how many of you want this for free, and you get up there, everybody wants the system for free, don't you? Meet me at the back table right now and I'll share with you how I can get you signed up today for free. In the whole freaking room I'll go back there. I saw you know Alex, I'm not even sure how to say his name. Real estate guy, skinny Asian guy. Alex, they said you could launch stuff. Oh yeah, Alex. I saw Alex say something like that once. He just pitched and he was like, you want to free come back to the back and pull the chair up, sit on the back. They went around and they basically told me that they had an affiliate program and they could refer people, but he didn't create it. Yeah, he's terrible. He's terrible. You got that from me. Did he? Yeah. Yeah. Frank and Alex did the launch. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. They will work, trust me. They'll come flying back to faster if you know it. I think somebody, so let's say we did a friend seminar, just like Cole at San Boise and around much media, we get 100 people in the room, 500 people in the room. And we pull off that, I think you could sell some of that, I think you need to do like a two day preview. This is the same, I did the same thing for Four Closures Daily. We used to put a newspaper ad together and radio all kinds of people come to the room. I do the pitch for 90 minutes and I close them. Yep, this pitch will work. What price were you closing? 7,000. Oh really? I became very persuasive. I started off at $1,000 and I bumped it to 1,400 to 2,000 to 3,000. And then my dad's like bump it up to 7,000 and see what happens. It's still sold. Really? It didn't matter. The drives became very good at the stuff. It was the same product too. It sold for 7 grand. So as you get this rehearsed and start getting, running the work pattern and stuff, you sell for whatever you want. But it'll work. Now, of course, another thing, the key to selling this FaceTime. The more FaceTime you have, the more you're going to sell. So the more that you can build a relationship with them, email them, get a book, sell, the more and more you can contact them before you get to this pitch, the better off you'll be. So if you can go to Dan Kennedy's event, what would be the key is what Marshall Silver does. He would come in the night before the Hypnosis show, build rapport, show people the magic, and then the second day he'll come in and close. If he doesn't do the day before, he's dead. Really? Same thing. So if anybody wants you to speak at their event and say, hey, I'd like to come in and do full content the night before, or be on and do a panel or something, just go and show them how much you know and then blah, blah, blah, and just build that rapport then tomorrow, the next day when you do this pitch, you'll all sell everybody. Or for a webinar, if you can get to somebody's list, what's happened to a lot of real estate guys is, it's like they're all selling to the same folks. There's no new blood. They're consistently selling, selling, selling, selling, selling, selling, selling, selling. There's no new blood. So what you do is, is you go to somebody's list, you say, hey, I want to do a full hour of content. Now all you do is do a case study. Here's one website that we set up that's generating this. Here's how we did it. Here's another one. So it's basically like testimonial teaching, and then you come back the following week, and then do your pitch, you'll crush it. Very good. But you don't have to do that with this one. You can just pull out, do this one, record it, and it will close every time. You've experienced it in other countries. I saw that in originally I asked if we did this event in London last month. I took my same presentation. Normally it was pretty good. I did fall in over there. Well, a lot of our guys that we work with are taking our presentations and doing them over there. Yeah. And I can hook you up with one of our guys. It's outselling everybody right now. He was a terrible guy. We wrote his presentation, and he's doing very well. And he's... How's that? Yeah. His name is Dad and Michael's. Really nice guy. I also got it. And so he can tell you, because he knows my pitch and how I teach in and out, and he's doing it over there. He actually just doubled his price. It didn't really make a difference. He's texting me. In buying units or in dollars? No, in buying units. Actually, no. He said, I just upped the price 50% in Dallas. Didn't do 15% which is me doing, but did over 10% and pretty psyched about it actually. But I know he's very, very successful out there. So he's somebody that you can contact. Give you some data about that. So we did two emails and there's 700 people in the room there. And I was like, crap, I want to come back here a couple times a year so I can see the fill in room. Yeah. It's very easy. But if we make that much money, I'm like, crap. There's got to be a system. Yeah. Because if we can figure out and make that thing work, it makes a real problem. Well, what I would suggest, you can get people, 700 people over there. I would suggest you... Without even trying, we sent two emails, and I'm just drawing a UK wireless. And 700 people go up the list. I would suggest, and we would like to do this with you if you want to be with us. We'll teach you what to do. What I think you do is you send them to a one day, full day event. And then what you'll do there is, is just the whole day you'll just teach and sell, teach and sell. And so you'll teach in the first half of the day and then you'll take a break. And then the second half of the day, you just do this pitch and they'll get them by lunch. They'll come back from lunch. And again, you'll crush it. Especially when you don't bring in the outside speakers. And the outside speakers confuse people. And what we do is we've got like... What we've also done too is, you know, AJ worked with Marshall Silver. And Marshall Silver is a madman when it comes to sales. And so what happened was, is that Marshall would send them like 50% of the room to the back of the room. And then they'd come back and only like 15, 20% would buy. So Marshall would get on AJ. So AJ had to come up with a system to get all those orders in. So what we do is we do something different that most folks don't do. Is when we do in a two day or three day boot camp, we bring our back of the room people, not as salespeople, as highly paid coaches we brought here to help you. So we bring these coaches up on stage and say, hey, we bought these coaches in and we introduced them. And this one is an expert in traffic. This one's an expert on websites. This guy's attracted to some personal development. This, that, and the other. And so we're selling these guys as gurus. Little do they know. They're the trade assassins. They're the sales guys. They're the best sales guys. And they're the high-leafed. And so what we do is we get them up there and then we say, hey, these guys trapped $1,000 an hour. We paid here for you. So go back now and sign up. We haven't signed up for coaching sessions. And so these guys take them one-on-one out of the room. We can close them, close them, close them, sit down, build a poor and close them. So what happens there, it takes all the pressure off of you from stage. Because I got it, it was really, you get up there and teach. And then the highly trained. 20 dozen is, these guys, 10 guys from the crew, they connect their console to the back. They send down, they get them for the 25K, 10K packages. They do the same thing. I like the coaching. There's two streams for you. Yep. So that's what I'm talking to Kevin Wilkie about. I'm like, Kevin, listen, you don't understand. You should be charging $10,000 in our coaching package. We know 10% are going to buy. So if you get 300 people, that's 30 people at 10 to 25,000. That's between $300,000, $400,000, $500,000. Not even offering. I said, let us come. We'll come and we'll do it for you. And so something to think about. Okay. Any questions on this? I should take the print. I don't know. It's a ship. No. I'll ask that. I'll ask that. We'll pull it out here somewhere. Oh it is. Okay. Awesome. Any questions about this? Let's go eat. Let's go outside. Let's go celebrate. Let's go eat. Let's go. I'm going to bring some water. Grab a water. Can I show my other book? Yes. Russell, you can fill up in UK. We have 200 emails. We've got 700 people to run. Okay. And he doesn't even use it. You can do that. You can do that. You can't. You can't. See, if you had to do something with the way it works, then you'd have to do it with a student. Basically, you'd have to do that. Right. Basically, you'd have to do it with a student. How did that? It's one of that things that you can do with people. You show that to work. I went down on my wall. I went down on my wall. I did get some resume in practice. I thought it was going to work. So creating some kind of flow or something like that has great perceived value. Again, you're always looking for that thing that someone can pull out. What do you guys use that octagon bubble software that you like to do for the mind map? You know, we start from the mind map, Dave Tuck and Marty Rote, we put that using the mind map. We send the graphic person and they put together the order that they create. They graph it together and do it all in a match shape. In that shape, that's what they do. I like the director, I see that again. The cool thing about this is hexagons. The blue or the hexagons would be fine. The way it bleeds off of there and mind maps around is a good motif. This is related. We're not going to call it the hero trade. This is something about millionaire macro mastery. Who knows what it is, but it's something. You start confusion and so on. I think the hero trade is probably more lower. What's the possibility on right now? We have three possibilities. We have three possibilities. We have three possibilities. We have three possibilities.