People, they're high class individuals, and so, you know, we started here with all our experience and then we've learned from some other guys, we've learned from them, we've learned from them. So each time that we work with folks, we're actually learning from each of these guys, building into our formula. And so, when we first started doing this, it would take us at least 40 hours to write a presentation. It would take a whole week to do. So what we have to do is have a whole team built around you. That's why we have, you know, all these folks here behind the seeds. We're going to give you graphics, people are doing all kinds of things because what we want is you're going to leave here today with your presentation done. You don't have to do anything else. You're going to have a done presentation so that tomorrow you can go out and start making money with it. So you might see me doing some stuff for Dustin or some other people, Debbie or Adam or Emron or even AJ doing some stuff behind the scenes. And so what you can expect for today is this is our schedule. And we keep on the schedule. We're going to get it done. And so sometimes what happens is that we might get stuck on like one word, like what's that one word we need? We could spend eight hours in that one word. We'll just kind of put something there. We can always come back to it. We're kind of just kind of just shooting from the hip, kind of basically masterminding, letting it flow out of us, the creativity. And so in the beginning, what we're going to start with is Dustin's going to be working with you and he's going to be creating what they call the irresistible offer. That usually takes about an hour. So he's going to take what you're offering now and we're going to create an irresistible offer that's going to end the morning. After that, then he's going to send you to me. Actually, I'm going to come in here and then I'm going to work on trial closes, NLP techniques, persuasion. I'm going to break down or form the step by step so you understand when you get to the slide what you're going to do. So I'm going to spend about two hours working on that sales training with you basically. We're then going to go to lunch. We're going to go downstairs, have some nice lunch, get some fresh air. And then after that, we're going to come back. Then Dustin's going to start creating your presentation. And what we do is we do something different. Most people start their presentations at the beginning and write their presentations. We start at the end and monitor. We start here and then we kind of work backwards. We find that to be much more effective. And then about three to four o'clock, I'm actually going to give your presentation for you. You'll see how I'll do it. I've had an ability to, within a very short period, usually about 24 hours, take anybody's product and master how to sell it and sell it probably as good as them if not better than them within 24 hours. So I'm going to show you how to present your presentation the way I would do it. Now it's going to sound a little bit infomercially. It's going to sound very salesy. Nothing wrong with that. Okay, good. I get so many guys that are like, you sound so salesy. I'm like, because it works. I mean, our purpose is to get you conversions, right? You know? Our purpose is to go up there and bore people to death by teaching them. So it's so funny. People have limitations. You have to think about it. I mean, if you watch TV and you watch infomercials, they spend millions and millions of dollars and you watch it infomercial. It's the cheesiest, most whatever thing on there is and it works. So infomercial a couple years back and that's infomercial guy kept like, because I've been like this and he's like, no, like this on TV comes out like this. He's like, you got to be so he's like, so you should do it. Yeah. So I'm like so embarrassed by him like going with it and I watched it and I'm like, oh, it's normal. But yeah, that's it. So same thing. So good. I'm glad you get that. So I just want to just kind of just tell you a story real quick. I mean, we've worked with a lot of famous speakers and a lot of famous authors and they come to us and you know, we'll say just real estate. We've got guys that Dave, you know, I know so much about real estate. I've done more real estate deals or I know more about internet marketing than anybody in the country. And you know, I get up there and I teach them all the stuff and they don't buy. And I say, well, first of all, they don't care about you. They don't care about you. How much you know. And I'm going to challenge you to think different. I tell a speaker. All they care about is the results your product is promised to give. So that the reason that people go out there and they teach and teach and teach, you're not selling anything. They buy results. So knowing that, so in our presentation, what we're going to build a lot of results in your presentation because people buy results. And so funny they come to us, oh, I'm teaching so much. I'm like, I'm not selling nothing. So first thing you have to do is you have to stop teaching. We got to get excited. And we're going to basically become storytellers and I'll break that down a little bit later. So I'm going to do your presentation for you. Unfortunately, I'm not going to know the internet marketing. I'm not going to know all that stuff. But I'm going to give you the transitions, the trial closes, and you're going to just basically see your presentation in a commercially way. What will happen after that? Then you're going to be like drinking water or a fire hose today. You're really going to get a lot of information put together and thrown at you. So what's going to happen is you're going to leave here today. You're going to go home. You're going to practice. This is the analogy I have. You play golf by any chance? Okay. So a lot of people come to us and they're playing good golf. They're swinging hard. They're out there playing good golf. What we do is we modify the swing and it swings nice and easy and the ball goes right up on the green. What has happened is this presentation is completely engineered to close from the color to the presentation to the words to what Dustin's going to put together for all the little things, the trial closes to every little thing is engineered to close. And time and time again, I'll have people call me on the phone. Do you know, was it Kelly O'Neill? Do you know Kelly O'Neill? Marketing familiars? She calls me up. She goes, Dave, this is never going to work to my list. And then she's doing her presentation. She calls me. She goes, Dave, it was amazing. Do my presentation. I looked up and the people were at the back of the room. I couldn't believe it. And I said, well, yeah, the whole presentation is engineered to do it for you. So the great thing about the presentation is kind of the golf swing automatically it's going to work. So if you do it or he does it or I do it, whatever, it's still going to work. So it's nice. What usually happens is this is how a speaker becomes a speaker. He's very good at internet marketing. Somebody has a means to say, hey man, you know, Kevin, when you come and teach internet marketing, you know, at my seminar and sell something. So the night before somebody makes up a presentation copying other people who copied other people and then the night before they get up there and do their presentation and sell. Okay. Three to four years later, it's the same presentation. They haven't taken the time to fully understand the sales process. I have read over 200 books. I'm a master in NLP, master in hypnosis, done 2,600 presentations. I've studied literally 10,000 hours, all the stuff that you're going to get. So you're taking all this and we're going to build it out for you. That's the reason why so many people are getting great results is because of seven years experience putting all the things together and engineering it that way. That makes sense. Do you have any questions? No. Okay, good. Okay, so you get to sit back and we're going to do everything for you. So it's nice and easy. Fantastic. You just get to have fun and you're going to see the fastest man in PowerPoint alive just to see how fast he is. Amazing. So this is our blueprint. So what we're going to do here is this is each slide has a reason and I'll be going over that later. What we're accomplishing here, this is our blueprint. We're going to start here and work back up. And so what we've kind of created is we had to create a system that worked. I'm real big about systems and McDonald's and success is proven systems and duplication. The biggest problem that most speakers have is they build their business around them and then when they go to sell it or exit it, they can't. The good thing about what I did for my company is I was going to go public. I built the business not around me, but I built systems in place. And that's why it was very attractive for all of us. When you were doing your, when you were doing yours, were you doing like intro seminars into bigger, like feeders or you just doing your two a day and just selling straight off? We did everything. We did 200 events. We did 90 minute feeders into our events. We did about 10 events a day of webinars and all kinds of stuff. Like the Whitney Mono. Yeah. Morning, night, morning, night. Yeah. Yeah. We would do newspaper ads, all kinds of things. You see our Mondos filling an event right here and you guys, is it? I was, every channel last night, I flipped it. So I was in for more. It's here for Nick this week. Oh, right. Through his feeders. Yeah. Flip on any cable channels. Anyway. Yeah, very cool. I was curious about how you were doing it or if it was just straight off. So we, we, we, we tell the good thing is, is Dustin, when he came on, there were companies our marketing guy and he went to all the anti-community stuff and study. He had the amazing ability and opportunity to do 200 events a month with him and two other people that choose the system. So he got the test newspaper, radio, TV, you know, all this stuff with sometimes budget of nothing and then sometimes a big budget. So he's got a lot of specialized knowledge when it comes to marketing for events. Okay, back to this. This is our skeleton. And then what we're going to do is we're going to take you, who you are authentically and your personality and your proprietary knowledge and put it into here like the meat. So we know this skeleton will work no matter what it is. We're going to take you and put you up there. Cause I don't want you getting up on stage and be like a robot. I want you to have fun. Life's about fun. And when the crowd sees you having fun and you're authentically being yourself, it'll work 10 times better. This is just a structure. You're going to be yourself. You're going to have your own words, but we're going to keep you on track. The good thing about this presentation is you'll have about 90 slides. So you have about a minute of slide. It will keep you on track. All the slides are to keep you on track so you don't go off unattachable. You follow the slide. You can get up here and read the slides. You've got to be close and it will work. Which is cool. Very, very cool. All right. So we're going to start with the end in mind Russell. Because the reality is you've got a good offer and you're a crappy speaker. You're still going to convert, right? Walking in McDonald's, you're hungry. There's no selling going on here. Okay, good. I'm going to get your stuff ready for in an hour. See you in an hour. Okay, so what we're going to do is, and I've got your other presentation so we can pull there if we need to, but basically we need to construct a sexy offer. That's what we need to do. A lot of people come to us and say, you know, I've got a manual on 6CVs or whatever. So we want to make that better. So this is more about brainstorming. We're going to put the Bentley in here. We'll put everything in here. Then we'll just let our minds go. And then we'll be like, okay, this doesn't make sense. Let's pull this out. Let's pull this out. So based on that, what specifically is in this offer? Okay, so, brain dump here. We're trying to build this out before we came because this is going to be kind of something kind of completely different than we've done before. But it's similar, but like a little different. So we've been selling like how to make money online and stuff forever. When I first learned the system, I learned from Frank Curran and Adele. They called the Underteever system. We just bought that whole brand from them. So that'd be good for front end, like everything, right? Yeah. So what we want to call the whole presentation is, if you're familiar with Underteever system, what it is, it's like how to make little niche products. Like how to teach your parent how to talk, how to shoot a potato gun, how to tie hair bows, like little dumb niche info products and then throw them up online and make money. Like one of our students, they have how to tie hair bows. They have their neighbor film a DVD about how to tie hair bows and then you have about 15 grand a month off that. So that's kind of becoming Underteever. You throw up these little niche sites and that's it. So presentation wants to call the Ultra Underteever where we even take away all that. We actually just do everything to form. We create, you know, we've got the niche products and that kind of thing. Okay. So the core of the offer is we've got about 300, 400 Underteever products already been created. They've got the sales letter. They've got the book written. I'll get a treat. Everything's just done for them. And so that's kind of the core of it. So what they do is they can log in and they can pick one of them and then we'll have our designers design the site, set it up to their PayPal buttons. Like just, so they just click a button and then boom, they got our team that goes and actually open it. They've got their Underteever product. So we can get them one or a couple for free and then from there they can, they can pick some emails, turn it on, they want and then just paste. Like we're thinking of having like a wholesale thing where they get one or three or five or whatever for free. And then on top of that they can, they can, they can, they can wholesale where they, the cost of our costs for design is set up to as many more as they want. Are you bringing them up to speed before, before that part? So like the, what, where's the education component to it? Yeah. So that's, that's what they've done for you. So we also have, we also have a 14 week online training course that teaches the whole step by step by step. Um, is it like a members area? What would, uh, yeah it's a members area. Okay, members area. And I imagine there's video training, right? Video, audio, there's no form right now. Probably shouldn't be a form, but. Is there any, like, you ship them anything, like any big box product or anything like manual or something available? This, well, we can, we don't really, um, I think with Microcontinue we did, those are the other presentations you should last couple years, you know, shipping out a big box of stuff. Yeah. So we can put something together over here right now, but that's easy enough to do. Okay. To help a lot happen something physical? Well from stage it does. You know, on a webinar you're not really going to, uh, you're not going to leverage anchoring, but when you're on stage, like Dave will talk, talk to you about anchoring, you know, you can say, I remember when, you know, I had a turning point in my life, and so you would point away from your product, and then it's like, and then I found something that changed my life, and subconsciously you're pointing to it from stage, and so you're continually anchoring, but you don't have a product you can't really anchor, anchor it, so it's like a cool bonus strategy from stage, so. Put something together then. Okay. That's easy enough. Okay. Um, the underachiever, I didn't see, I saw 20 minute payday in Microcontinuity. Um, okay, so you have underachiever formula. Let's just go. That was just the 430 course. The patch word. We start something like this to fulfill it, and we've got two weeks left on there to live the film and other. Okay. Because what we can pull all these videos out and make the course out of that really easy. Awesome. What I hope to do here, Russell, is I'm going to grab all the kind of the line items, and then what I'll do is I will, each one of these will be a slide. So you actually break down each component of the system, and so while you're out there with Dave for the training, the sales training one-on-one, I will actually be building it out each slide. So if I can go to that underachiever formula, I can just pull it in there. All right, cool. So we've got live training. Okay, so webinar, the site that I'm going to go into right here, that's just a webinar. Before or after you opt in, it'll take you to sales DC. I think it does. It's been 12 weeks since we launched. I can't remember exactly. I should take this little video. Okay, I can go through this one. You guys are out there. Okay, so they're going to get, basically, you're going to show them, you're going to give them a 14-week online training course, and actually what's called this, you called it the ultra underachiever, right? Yeah. Okay, so they're going to get the 14-week online course. They're going to get members, community, audio. What else is in there, do you remember everything that's? There's some software. Oh, software. There's four or five different software things just out of there. I actually have that PowerPoint, because it's a slide video. I can go and grab that PowerPoint slide for you. That might help you. Let me see. Is it, I think I know. I didn't send you the underachiever one. The one that was from the webinar. Okay. Because they have all the software functions to fight out with me. What's this one? That's one, that's one I just, I spoke on stage in Monday last month. It was just, it was more of a teaching one. Okay. Yeah, do you can get those slides now or? Do you have a computer? I can jump on it and email you in two seconds. Yeah. Let me see if I can get you out of there. There's a laptop. There's one. Let's see if I can get it online. Let's see if this comes up. You can do it to Dustin at Speaking Empire. It's hard to keep on track. You're up and down usually? What? You're up and down in a day? No, no. I'm up. The only time it's a challenge is someone that's been in the business forever and they want to hold on to their thing or they want to... The other thing is that we had someone in the MLM niche come in and their comp plan is so, the offer is so complicated. So that's the other thing. It's like, wow. And you can't be using incomplained or taking MLM usually? Yeah. Really? Confused mind doesn't fight. Yeah, I mean, MLM is the hardest thing. We weren't involved in a lot of them. Had a big kid to them. But they're like the hardest thing in the world to sell. It's the nightmare. Yeah. But you're selling the product plus the opportunity plus like a new lifestyle. Put it to your doctor friend. You know, it's just teaching sales. Yeah, it's a big pitch. Did theirs do good at the end? Oh, they just came in yesterday, but Friday. So just... Did you apply now? Yeah. I did research back. I saw your video view on stage when Bill's like, yeah, they're watching this right now. Oh. I got a lot of crap. I love it, man. It's awesome. Yeah. Okay. We just started doing that. Yeah, absolutely. After I leave. Done. I was the action team that was done for you under Achiever products. I'm going to give them the sales that are in marketing campaign. I'm going to do the research. Did you say you were going to do a website for them as well? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And are there any coaching calls, webinars? Bill's are all coaching calls, basically. So we do have any house coaching teams. So we could do coach calls if we wanted to. People like the hand holding, even if you give them just a couple, and you can actually use it as a way to upsell them into your higher level coaching program. So you set up like one or two calls with those folks, give them a certificate, they call in or just have your calls in a call of any way. Yeah. And then upsell them into something else. Yeah. Huge ongoing stream. Yeah. And then we'll call them like just our calls. In terms of time, you'll put it in, so it's almost like putting a swimming pool in the apartment. You know, 100 people actually take advantage of it. But it's a huge amount of value. Yeah. Okay. Well, at that point, I think you should just have your guys call them anyway. Yeah. We'd all agree. Yeah. You buy any micradi and they call them so long. What else is in this offer, Russell? What other providers would Margiela bring with do you want to add more to it? Thanks so, 謝謝. Thank you very much. Okay. I'm here, I'll just download it. We have a website builder, so they want to build, after we build 234, they can use, for them, they have a web builder, they can build their own sites as well. We want to put some type of traffic in there, because that's like, those who've been around us, the thing that was stuck on is traffic, it's something like magic traffic software, which we've got, one that's almost being done. We have a site called sketchcast.com, you log in, you like, you can sketch out these little like, whiteboard things, and you put that player on your blog, where we're building right now, where you can push a button, it'll submit it to like all the video sites, you can just like, scribble, and then, to drive traffic. You can just scroll down, you can just, you can log out traffic. Alright, so you're going to give me the software, you're going to, well you're going to train me, you're giving me the software, you're going to show me how to do traffic. What about collecting money, like how do I, is it all affiliate stuff, or how do I collect money? Usually they put their, like, I'm two of their sites in Cliffbank, or PayPal, so they just give them money. Okay, okay, I'm just trying to think of every objection someone might have, so I'm going to buy this system, I'm excited, Russell is going to train me, he's actually going to give me the products, he's going to show me how to do traffic, that's going to be easy, he's going to build a site for me, he's going to give me the product, fund PayPal account, people in my place would get a text or ask a question, I would think, maybe PayPal, they don't expect a lot of people. I'm going to show you how to do traffic. Now what's something over the top that we could throw in here, just to expand their mind? Will you promote them at all in any way? Or do you have any sort of affiliate thing where they can blast your affiliates, where they might be able to recruit affiliates, because that could be a... Yeah, we could, let's see. I'm just throwing out there, and if it doesn't work, you just let me know, but I'm just saying, if you have a pool of affiliates that they can target their offer to, or a website, or, gosh, you've blast your own list, but I don't know if I'd do that. It wouldn't make sense. Yeah, it's not really weird niche stuff. Yeah, yeah. Do they get a newsletter or anything? We have a monthly newsletter, we can put that in there. Is it print newsletter? Is it print or is it offline? Okay. Do you charge for it? Yeah, it's 97 bucks a month normally. My computer, my office has three screens, and folders, like one of the other screens, I can't switch over to the other screen. Can I do that and go to my PC? I don't know. Just do what you think about it. He's got a lot of different products. Is he, that product that's related to this, that's like a buy now item. What do you mean? He might have another product, you know, generating sales, building traffic, organizing your business, those types of things, that could be an ad. So that's not directly related to, not directly related to, like a buy now item. And it could be a very inexpensive thing, you know. And then we'll send this to you, you know, just put your email at the bottom of the formal, we'll send that out to you, something, something, something. Because what we're trying to do too, like Dustin was saying, from the front of the stage, you need bulk. So the thing that I print out, that's 50 pages that looks really good and a binder with some fluff and those types of things, and I can shake that. Another stack is getting really high, I'm spreading them out across the table. It's just one more item. And it costs you nothing, but it's another thing that we stack value, build a value really high, and then knock it down, knock it down, knock it down to the person who wants it anyways, and off it goes. It's just an added value item that would be no effort for you to add up, that relates to this. Think of anything like that. There's so many courses that are created, we've got our traffic courses, our microcontinuity courses. Traffic, they would love. It's like, when it's left. Plus we've got some videos, we've got the coaching. Now traffic is nailed six ways to Sunday, because that's what they're worried about, nobody's showing up. Dustin was absolutely right. That in the monetizing, I wouldn't even say that it would, this is just me talking, I would switch out the PayPal and say, how to monetize your site, or how to accept credit cards out of your site. Don't tell them how, keep the mystery. Sure. Step by step video tutorial. Yeah. They love the step by step. Step by step, step by step. That was a bad call. We can grab that later. Okay. You can check it if you need a call later. Check one more thing. You can grab that. Okay. As far as what they're being taught, you remember the breakdown of that, like what's inside the underage? The bad little website, they're on average makes only two. Yeah, like the step by step. Yeah. Do you want to listen to what's in the 14 weeks? Yeah, that would be perfect. Sometimes we'll sell that. We'll sell what they're going to learn. And then your final price point on this? $24.90? Yeah, he's like that. It's a bit of a jb-partnery walk. Yeah. Maybe it's more than $1,000. Now, what are you doing on webinars? Are you doing that sort of price on a webinar? I think... We sold it here for $2,500. Mm-hmm. And it's just... Yeah. I've never got a webinar that's been awesome enough for me to get other people to promote it. We did our own lists and we did good with them, but never bragged about it. You know, I've been in an online theater. You guys can get... You guys do higher price points. We typically... What we've done, what we've seen is 997 are people just not interested in that in your space. I think that would be... Convertible? Yeah, if you convertible. For us, it's all about EPC. If our earnings per click is high enough, I don't care if it's $2 or $1,000 or $10,000. As long as I make my need off each click. Yeah, I mean, that's... Okay, that makes sense. We typically like to stay around anywhere from $1,000 to $14.97, so we just take some stuff out on a webinar, but live from stage, you're right on the right... price point, for sure. So, do you see the webinar about half the price? Yeah, about $1,000 or $14.97? What will he sell this for? Is this $2,000? Yeah, he does $1,995 on his. I'd be cool to... Especially if it's digital, that's fine to $1,000, I guess, as long as... ...the costs are free to own. All right, so... We'll get that. So, we have the online training course, members, community, audience, software training. Um... ...search... ...search... ...more components here. You know, we didn't list, we didn't list for the online training course any kind of manual. If you're looking at an online manual, or anything like that. We could... ...like their manual. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I've never been good at manuals. Right, it's hard. Okay, what you know how to show us in the online too? Dustin is speaking in power. Right here. Okay, there's the 14 weeks. I'll grab those. I bet you you can outsource this step by step video tutorial turn it into a manual, it'll be about the same thing. Add a little bit of left over, and then we'll have this whole manual. Oh, yeah. I mean, if you've got the transcripts, you can send that to... I know a whole team of people that can do stuff. Please let me know what would be ideal. We can knock out whatever. You can put back a script in the video, combine those, and manualize them. Yeah, ideally, here, let me take you out here. Okay. Stage, Webinar. Stage. We're usually selling... We're usually selling a kit for $2,000 from Stage, so... Yeah. And then our whole goal, Russell, is to get them to a brand new store. Yeah, we're usually selling a couple of different brands. We're selling a few brands, and we're selling a few brands that are available in the market. And we're selling a few brands that are available in the market. So, we're selling a few brands that are available in the market. And our whole goal, Russell, is to get them to a brand new store. We don't really care on the front end as much. We just want to get them to a lot of brands. When we do that, then we'll get $2,000 ahead from there. So, that's our whole goal. How often do you do live events? Four times a year. We did one right before Dan Ken actually had to leave our event to make it out for the community event. Was it good called Can you spend? Did you get value out of it? Yeah, absolutely. I hadn't been in a while. I've just been keeping my head in the ground. I was up for market at the year, so that was good exposure. Who won it? Gail. Okay, she's... Well, I learned a valuable lesson. I was thinking about it. If this were our event, and I let a guy up there that wasn't in my coaching program win, it wouldn't look good. It's on my plate. So, I was like, I should have gone to him. We signed up for his mastermind. I said I should have done it beforehand and made sure he saw me do it. I don't know if that would have changed anything. It was all about pimping out whoever's and their own things. I was like, ah, dropping the ball on that one. So, what we can do is we can create... Actually, you just sent it to me, so I'm going to grab this. We should find this PowerPoint. It's best to say that people are in their circle. They're sub-DNA. Yeah. I've been in their group for like three years now. Now I'm in the forever like... Alright, the newsletters, now they speak all the bands. They're all about that, but like, if you're thinking, well, platinum, blah blah blah, you know, whatever, because then... That's where you get to love. How many people are in platinum? There's 18 in my group, and then this new group, I think it's a separate group that they launched out of. I think it's been 30 or 40 in that or something. Okay. Alright, so... Underachiever, finding... Okay, so finding markets. I don't know what they were going to do. I don't know what they were doing. I don't know. I was just trying to think of what could we name, like, if we were to divide this into three, three courses and three manuals, what would each one be labeled? We have, like, other powerpoints that we have. It's a three-step system. Find hot market, ask them they want, give it to them. But the first two steps are really easy. Right. We could bulk it up somehow, I'm sure. Let's see. Yeah, it looked like niche, and it looked like a marketing system and the sales system and the actual structure, and then conversion. Yeah. Yeah, pretty simple. Yeah. Yeah. You said find a hot market, ask them they want, give it to them. Yeah. Perfect. That'll come up later. That'll come up for our steps. That'll be perfect. That'll tie right back in. Okay. And then did you send a... No. No worries. I know it's going to appear somewhere, but it's too small to see the text on this thing. I got the handbag carried here, and my flash drives are surgically attached, so I always have them with me. I tried that for a while, but I kept losing my flash drives. Every single time I lose them, and times I won't lose them, they always get broken in my pocket. It's attached to your fingers. Oh, yeah? Yeah. I always have something like C. You got it? Yeah. I'm going to take one of those. That's a lot of cool. All right, so... I'll throw in your achiever. It's a 14-week online course, which will make a transcripts of what you've been doing over here. Put these in here for now. I'm going to try to sign it with you. I'm going to start with the following. Okay. All right, sweet. Let me grab Dave. Mr. Bandie. You got nice that much. Oh, we're just getting started. We're just getting started. You know, one hour of the mug's up there. All right, so here's what we got, Dave. We're going to start with the following. All right, so here's what we got, Dave. All righty? Yeah. Cool. Just from... I just wanted to get some points you to add some polish here. Okay. Basically, the whole thing about this is we're going to find a hot product, a hot market, ask them what they want, and then we're going to give it to them. And the way we give it to them, the way they achieve that, I guess, is through this... The first part is the 14-week online training course. So it's like a members area. It's got everything in it. It's got four to five softwares, which I'm going to break down as I go through it. We're going to get them transcripts. And so that's like the education piece. Okay. So we're going to give them some manuals, which will brand a name. I'm just going to go through some of Russell's stuff so I can get a clear picture. Sure. But then there's a big done-for-you component. We're going to show you how to do all this, but we're going to do it for you. So he does the research forum. He's already got 300 products ready to go. He has sales letters and all the marketing campaigns. He's going to give them a website, and he's got a design center. So all you've got to do is log in, pick a product, and it comes with everything else, and it's done... everything's done for you. So then the next piece of the objection, right, is, well, how do I get traffic? Well, we're actually going to give them magic traffic software and show them and give them this program that's going to drive traffic to their websites. Wow. And then so the other thing is, well, how do I accept money as an objection? Well, we're going to... It's basically paid out. It's pretty easy. The way to overcome that is we're going to show you how to accept credit cards. We'll come up with a sexier name for that, a video tutorial or something that just shows them how to set up an account so they can start getting money. And then we want to put some coaching in there. So we're going to do some jumpstart calls to get them up and going, because his call center calls them anyway. So we're just going to position those as coaching calls. Okay. Anything else? So we're going to do a little bit of a ultra-underachiever and it really targets people that are just getting started. I mean, the people that Russell's working with are showing, one lady is how to tie hair bows and she's making 15 grand a month. Just absurd. They're not gurus. They're not like, you know... Got it. So that's why... They're very beginner marketing. Just make money online. And it's a DVD of how to shoot, how to make PioGun and make a bunch of money on that. That's like my first underachiever site. So that's what we're teaching people about. I don't necessarily... I don't take this the wrong way. I don't know if I like the name more. And one of the things that... What we'll dig on here is people don't buy your product. They buy the results your product gives them. The benefits. So let me just kind of... Let me ask you a couple questions. Are the ultimate underachiever? What is the benefit of that system? What does it give me? If you buy it, it should create... Got any extra work or effort? Create a little site. It's going to make you... Not a lot of money, probably two or three sales a day. Which is an extra five to ten grand a month. Okay. And what does an extra five to ten grand a month give me? It gives rid of your primary income... or your primary bills. It's an extra money to play with your family. It'll be a good way to make another site like that. And now it don't be your money. Okay. And what does that give me? Freedom. Okay. So... They're buying this because that's what they're thinking. So we should... Something come up with... Well, what if we did it? Because he's got a very powerful... You leveraged this from current. This was already existing. So he has brand awareness for this. Okay. But at the same time going into New Mart... It's nice in an online crowd, but our aim goal is to make this more of a theater type thing. Bring people in. We are doing all sorts of front and office. We're all wrapped around this room. And then commercial wrapped around that. So we go out of other things. So the name... Is it hard to change the name? So we could add to it. So the ultra underachiever freedom system to tie into basically the benefit. Would that be okay? Just because I mean this is one part of the webinar. It could be something even freedom system or cash flow system. People want cash now, cash flow. The ultimate achiever cash flow system. Our money machine. We could. I'll jot all these down. You said cash flow. Money machine. Cash now system. Any objections? Any thoughts? No. I just want to get some info. You just sit back. I agree. With the branding with more benefit. Or having more benefit in it. I was taking this cash money system. But at the same time, let's see if it works too. Yeah, it does. I'm totally about the thing like... I'm going to take my own personal beliefs aside and just not worry about those. Yeah, unfortunately... I know I've been wrong more than once. This is my short life dominant offer. We'll create an offer that knows and just kill it and it sucks and then we'll make an ugly version of it and it kills it. I understand my opinion means less than... Sure. Dave, are you like... Are you feeling the ultra underachiever freedom system? Or you want cash? Well... So let's get in the mind of the buyer. They come on... They're coming onto this webinar and what do they want? Cash. They want financial... They want to get out of their pain. They want immediate money. They don't want to do anything. You said in your survey thing here... Pre-call thing that we do. You said that they're in a job and they're looking to get out of a job. Where do I see that? That and a lot of them have been trying this stuff forever and they're so confused and there's just so much stuff out there. Everyone in our world gets in this like informational overload thing where they're buying everything, learning everything, they just get stuck. So easy would be good. It was a fast simple and easy. Yeah. Done for them. Freedom. So maybe it's the ultimate underachiever done for your money machine or something. Even when it's cheesy, it's still like the reason why they're buying it. I just hear that. Do you have no front desk on a webinar or is it just the done for your money machine? It could be the different and then when you get to the offer, you're going to get the complete money machine, ultra intimate, whatever system. What do you think of your typical buyer? What's the difference between a buyer and a buyer? I think the buyer is nervous about having the system work because that done for you just resonates for me. Everybody they have a lot of ideas about done for you for sure. They're nervous. A lot of them, yeah, they're nervous to just like I don't know, most of them are not the first thing they've bought. They're just stuck with like they try different things. It's very exciting. They know the other potential. There's some kind of secret out there and they can't quite do it. They want that one taste, that one hit where it works and that always goes back to the done for you and then they would be thrilled and they would buy everything and wind up to buy everything else you got. If we get someone with a site, that's the thing we found too. We sell coaching and forever we sell coaching and they could coach at the end of eight weeks or ten weeks or whatever, nothing would happen. So we started just throwing like those sites, like give them a site and now they make money and all their super out of their site and they're friends and family members and just like they look so happy. The coaches could too, but you give them good advice and then ten times they don't take it and they're going to blame somebody. They say, well, I didn't do nine out of ten things. I didn't even call. So who screwed up them or me? The usual suspect was me. It's kind of crazy. I used to do so many seminars and do so many things and I was selling like every single day and I got so hot I would literally take a book or a bag with nothing even in it and just sell air. It didn't matter what the product was. All that matter was is they were there they were looking for an opportunity. We had this conversation with sales guys we were talking about Dean's Informer Show and Dean never once even talked about real estate as Informer Show. No. It's just him talking about lifestyle. It's our sales page. No one knows they're buying. They just know they're buying the end result. They're buying the end result. Yep, that's one. So we've actually This is worse than we used to because you had to change real estate for internet and Yeah. That's why I've been able to sell these products because they don't buy the product. They buy the results. And what happens is you're very passionate about what you're doing because of course this is who you are and this is what you believe in. And so sometimes a lot of folks come to us and let's just say they're real passionate about real estate. So they want to teach them and show the features of their product. They want to show the features of my software. I'm going to show them how to do this. They don't sell nothing because they don't care about your product. They care about what the benefit of the results your product is going to give them. Cash flow. Financial freedom. Lifestyle. That's why MLM companies work so well is because they focus on that and they have no product most of the time. And so they just focus on selling. Here's what you're going to get. It's a stupid little thing or whatever. And they have so they can't focus on selling the product. They focus on this and that's why they really crush it. Which is a smarter thing to do. If you think about teaching, as you're teaching stuff, you know what I'm doing? I'm figuring out why I don't like that. Why that isn't for me. All the things that are wrong with it. You've got a million other things you're going to teach but I go with that because you only taught me like if you can do two or three percent of this system in two, three hours you did a great job. My objections are going up instead of going down. We're moving in the wrong direction. But if I have an image of something I will shape it so it will be perfectly what I want. When you start talking about freedom and lifestyle and those things they insert the perfect selling tool in their own head. Totally different mechanism. Have you ever seen Armand speak before? Yeah. We just gave him his pitch. I'm just curious. He does the hammer close kind of. He just overloads it with stuff. We're not buying. It's an effective close. It's like the encyclopedia close. It's dead. Get some table clothes. You're going to get this. I was curious. I was like public speaking. He actually went to me and I stole his clothes. He calls it stack. His whole thing is like from minute 10 to whatever you just teach time. It's interesting what you just said about you start teaching that it pulls him off. You asked him though. I bet you were saying he's not really teaching. He's educating them to further the sale. You'll give him the three steps. Find a hot market. I guess you could call that teaching. Just because you told me to find a hot market. You could give him the how to but they're going to forget. Then what's going to happen is when it comes back to the offer. You're going to say remember the three steps that you want. I don't know how we're going to outline it for you. They want those. They desire those. That's what causes them to buy it. If I think I'm walking out with the information and we'll be selling it again I don't need you. I watched Frank Kern speak at Dan Kennedy's and I was sitting there watching him. He didn't teach a damn thing. He gave five stupid easy steps away but everybody loved it. As soon as people get up there and start teaching the whole energy of it just changes. People don't want to be taught. They want to be entertained. As soon as you start teaching them millions and millions of dollars are going to concerts and not everyone will be entertained. We're basically in the entertainment business now. The best way to entertain them is through stories. When we grow up and when we're young our parents do what? They read us stories. We're kids. We learn through stories. Our school teaches us what? We read us stories. We watch movies. Stories. We watch stories. We are trained and our brains are trained and as soon as you stop telling stories you stop disengaged. The key what you want I'm just going to fill this out there and have you think about this. What you want to become is a testimonial storyteller. You just want to tell stories about all your success students and that's really what this effective sales person is. Look at Tony Robbins, Les Brown one of the best communicators in the world the best storyteller in the world. That's all they are. Let me tell you about Dustin. He was one of my students and he made this much money. The better that you can tell your story about your students, the more you sell. Because that's what they buy. Emotional connection. If I ask you this question, do people buy for emotional reasons? For intellectual reasons? For emotional reasons? Yes. First thing, everything we do. So the stories create that emotion and then the intellectual pieces. Well now how do I make that happen? You become the solution. So you build desire, build desire, build desire and then you build your own. Okay, let's go through this offer. So we've got the Alter Underachiever Freedom System. So you're going to get the cash flow online Accelerator Program. That sounds good. Rather than just a member, you know. Yeah, I was going to say when you said 14 weeks, I'm like, oh my god. I just went up there and we're just like, we're going away. I was like, oh my god. See me? The cash flow, cash now online. Program, what's the next one now? Alter Underachiever Community. What does the community do for us? What's the benefit of the community? Connection with people, support group. I can see how the people doing it. Help, I mean, questions and answer. People are part of a community. It's part of something larger. Okay. Then I'll add myself. I hear what Dave's saying too. What's the benefit? There's a support. I love the word community but there needs to be something else there. So we'll cover that. Make more money. I like the success community. The Alter Underachiever Success Community. Yeah, just put success community. I just want to have some kind of sexy benefit word. Just kind of like what Tihar has done, personal development is a very tricky thing to sell. You know, it's hard to sell it. So what he did, he took personal development to the millionaire mind. Just by adding the millionaire mind he can sell a whole bunch. So I'm looking for that millionaire that benefit that word before stuff that really causes the people to buy. Does that make sense? Okay. So the next one is the Instant Immersion Video and Audio Training. And what does that do? That just... Can you have the speed quicker? Can you make the money faster? There you go. Instant money Video training. Could take notes in here. Yeah, absolutely. Did you tell me that we were recording this too? Yeah. So right here so you can actually put 52 so you can go back and listen. Time stamps. So where are we going with that D? Big money. Yes. So we're going to go back to the the video training. Yes. So I like the Instant Cash Video and Training System. Okay. Okay. So I don't know the names of the software. I'm going to go through the video sales letter. I'll put them in there. Okay. And then they get the transcripts as well. We can actually take the transcripts out. Okay. So we're going to go through the video sales letter. Okay. So we're going to actually take the transcripts out. It doesn't sound sexy. What is the transcripts of what? All the calls. All the 14 week stuff. We're going to wrap those in the manuals instead. Because you've got a team that can build out the manuals. Okay. So you're going to have them create the blinders? Yeah. But I needed to know a name. What can we call these manuals? Well, Home Study System. Well, of course. We can use this brand. That's what I'm saying. We can spray it at that. Yeah. I think the people hate to study though. Yeah, I know. You can make it to a system or a fast start. I definitely agree. Except there's one little thing. That you see all those books and tapes out there. Yeah. There's people out there that will just buy it. I'm going to put them on their shelf. It's me. And so, in their mind, there's value with taking this. Yeah, but the word study. Home study. Are you saying that better if it's like guide or something like that. Or step by step. Playbook. You want to say workbook. Playbook. Manual. Well, they're accustomed. I get it. And I agree with you. And they've been trained to buy home studies. For a thousand bucks. And they'll buy them just to put them on their shelf. And that's about half of them. That's why if you don't offer that. Half of them don't buy your stuff. They'll buy the other guy's stuff. Because they don't really, they're just buying. I'm saying, wait, there's not a home study course. I won't buy it. See, so we got to put it. That's why. Unfortunately. All you internet marketing guys come to us. Oh, so lazy. You guys are lazy. We got to ship you something. I'm going to tell you this with you. The average buyer that is buying your product or service right now is age 41 to 52. And a person that's that age, which I am upside age, we are accustomed. And we used to, when we bought, when we give somebody money, they give us something physical back. And so, intermarkers, they give you money. You give them a website or some download shit. They're like, where's my value at? So that's why you're giving this whole thing. Oh my God, I got all this stuff. It might be nothing even in it, but just physicalness. Yeah. I remember how old they are, so increase the font a little bit. Yeah. I know. Do you have 12 or higher, please? I'm your ideal customer, so I'll tell you why I'm going to buy. All right. Cool. So we got the home study system. Yeah, and keep in mind, too, we need some bonuses and such. So I'll just keep that in mind. But here's the done-for-you component. So like Russell's done all the research for him. Gives him the product. Gives him the marketing. Gives him a website. And even has a design center that they can leverage. So tell me about done-for-you research. What does that mean? So, it's all about finding hot niches. We went and found all these hot niches. We have research, they'll get as well of like, over a thousand niches of research. These are hot niches. The key word research is bubble, bubble, all kinds of stuff. Oh, okay. So we've actually built out 300. So they get the e-books been written, the sales letters been written, like everything's done. And then we'll custom design it. So our designers will, if they buy snoring, the ultimate snoring secret guide, we'll design their site to say the ultimate snoring secret guide and design it and install it, get up there. So finding the niches, is that like kind of getting the hot products, right? Yeah, finding the hot markets. You want me to take out research? Yeah. Niche markets. Do you do both niches and products? What do you mean? Research on both. Oh, we can put both, right? Here's the hot niche, and here's the associated products. It might be audio on one area, it might be video on the other. Um, well, the process we do is so, we find the niche, we'll say it's hot, but snoring. And then we can run it, like Alex and those trucks and everything. And then we can run it, like Alex and those trucks and everything. And then we can run it, like Alex and those trucks can ask a campaign, and the software does that for them. They run a little campaign to ask what's your number one biggest question about how to stop snoring, run some traffic, and then you get back all these questions, and then hire a ghostwriter to turn to new books. So that's kind of the process. Okay. Are you giving them all 300, or are they selecting? So you know what, I would think, maybe this is something like we can use, like the secret hot niches like we know the secrets, or we've got the secrets, so we're going to give you that. The 300 hottest we've ever found? Yeah, 300 of the hottest products. That's something. Um, because if I'm sitting in stage, and you're on stage, or on a webinar, I'm assuming that you're, and we're going to make you the expert, that you know something that I don't know, and if you can say that you're going to get that in this offer, then I buy it. Like, I'm going to give you my secret 300 products, they're hot right now selling, you're going to have these. Maybe we talked about your target market, and how most of them, they failed one or two times, very few people's are the first time, or they're just about to quit. You know why they're failing? It wasn't them, there was some kind of secret that they didn't know, and if they knew that secret, they'd be successful, huge selling point. Something that was held back. Yeah, those gurus, they kept it from you. They're like, I'm a gurus. Oh gosh. Alright, so we're going to, so that's an outlet though, so finding the secret niches, so they've done all that research for them, so they're going to get that, they're going to get the 300 hottest selling products. You want to see? Yeah. Okay, they're going to get a complete sales letter and marketing campaign. Is that right, am I pushing it or? I mean, yeah, you use sales letter. Sales letter? Let me ask you a question. What is the sales letter getting? What does the sales letter do for me? It's an automated sales person. Okay. So let's put that. So it's not sales letter, it's the automated sales letter, I don't know, money system? Burgers, like a digital sales person, I think. Selling? I like automates, remember, down for you, that's a thing. Yeah. Automates, sales letter, or automated? Digital sales person. Sales automated. Complete selling campaign. People like complete, they want to know they got everything with nothing. That might be pushing it, right? So we can say the complete, automated because every unit in our system would give you all the pieces you have. Complete, automated, sales letter, selling system or something. We could call this, but I wouldn't say sales letter, we could call it sales machine. So the automated, sales letter is going to sound like I got a piece of paper. Automated sales machine. But I don't know, maybe I'm thinking too much into it, it's like, man, across this maybe sales letter, like, sales letter across 10, like, maybe. Yeah, but you can put that into the other slide, but this is just this slide. Okay, but a sales campaign can be squeeze pages, sales letters, direct market flyers, and a lot of different things. Sales letter says it sounds like you're done. So we sent proven automated sales machine? Yeah. Prove it though, it's great. You know what's sound better? We're going to order the sales machine here. Me, it's just a sales letter. Okay. So then that's going to, is the website different from that sales letter? Sales letter is the word, the websites that we put together, the designers and the graphics, getting it all installed, that's actually all mine, that's what happens. Okay. So what can we call this one without confusing them? The Money Machine website. I kind of like that. I almost do it as a tagline, it's a fully automated system set up for you. Or, I don't know. Yeah, let that sound nice. Yeah. I'll give you a tagline done for you start today. I like how you got a fully automated system. That plays into the top. You can do fully automated system and then put like two bullet points and you're going to get the automated sales machine and the automated, so like put that on top and then bullet point them. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm just going to call it. Okay. So, pull out the Money Machine website. This is the graphics. And breaking it out like that, are we going to lose some lines and put the cash numbers in? No. No. I kind of like the killer here. Well, you know what we need to get you in here? There's a big huge computer and a couple of monitors so you can have that little thing there. We need to get you a freaking Mac Daddy system. Actually, this is going to come out. 2011 gets you one of those. Just got to stay with that $200 computer for a couple of months. Biles are not $200 computers. What? Biles are not $200 computers. Okay. So that's $500. There was an attack on you by the way. Oh, no. It looks like it's one of those, but it's not. That's good stuff. So what's the time to spend the website builder? Okay, the website builder, because it's done for you, they got the ones that we've done for you, but the athletes with their system, they probably want to do their own. They've got their own niche, it's their own ideas. So the builder goes in there and they can use that to write their own sales letters, their own website, all that kind of stuff. Yeah. Point and click. Actually, we have a whole template there, and you click on the headline and it pops up, you retype it, and it comes back in, it's there. Then you click on the next block and you edit it, and I'll write it on your website. And then you're going to give them a sketchcast, right? Sketchcast is premium. Sketchcast is free. The premium that we're building, is all the traffic stuff. I would try to sneak the templates in with the website builder, because some people, they don't even think they have the proficiency to build it, even if it is customized. But they can go in and make a tweak in existing one. It's just like keeping it in the moment. What is this? What is this? Sketchcast premium? So that's magic traffic software. What sketchcast is, is you go, it's like a little whiteboard, you go and you sketch stuff out, and then you can say that your blog, and it's just cool to come to be bought. And then the premium version we're adding, and it'll submit to all the video sites. So you can like, let's say you have a thing on the stop story, you can make this how to stop story. And I talk about it for 30 seconds, click the button, and it hounds it out to all the video sites, pointing back to your how to stop story products. It's really, it's going to be really cool. So what is that? So can you more traffic? So should we call the more leads, more profits? Traffic system, magic traffic software. So more leads, what, more leads, what, would you go more leads more, what, profits? More leads, more profits, and then whatever it is. More leads, more profits. So isn't the sketchcast and the magic traffic two different things? Um, you know, say it's what, the package, okay. So do the more leads, more profits, magic traffic software. So what is that? So the more leads, more profits, magic traffic software. So, okay. Um, should we just call it get the money? Get the money training? Show me the money. You gonna show me the money? We always say get the money. Get the money, yeah. Show me the money. We could go to that. GTM. GTM. Basically, show me the money. Okay. So an objection might be, well how do I, how do I collect, so you're gonna show me how to do this. I don't have a merchant account, I don't have all this. So really, it's simple to go someone up, to bring debt, but still it's an objection, right? Yep, yep. So we're just gonna put together a tutorial to show them how to go to PayPal and sign up, video or something like that, start collecting payments. So what can we call that, D? Show me the money. Start collecting payments. Start collecting money, start profiting. Profiting now. Start profiting now. Instant profiting now. Profits from day one, day three. Like that? Mm-hmm. All right. That's good. That's good. And then we're gonna give them some coaching. So cash flow coaching, jumpstart calls. Okay, I like it. Much more sexier. Now what else, are we missing anything? Um... Is there any blueprint? Can you tell me what you're missing? Is there any blueprint? Can you give them a blueprint? They like to buy blueprints. Uh, technology, done for you. We gotta let... How about an event? Maybe you can come to an event so you can upsell them? What the fuck? Ah, you guys don't wanna ruin my event. I'll give this to your events. We'll run your events for you. I like doing them. I say put them all together in all the nightmares, though. We'll actually do that for you. Cause, you know, we did 200 events a month, so it became pretty good. Yeah. We're talking to Kevin Wolke, but we're running his events so we can help him. His ones he does every other month? Those are... One of those, yeah. Tell me just leave them, you know, these are $1 on the table, so they don't know it. Cause you're not selling a coaching program in his events. You can't read. We're trying to give leads to our coach, and that's the problem afterwards. So you should give us a lead to our coach, and then the phone took me five minutes. So you have a call center? We started dialing him this week. My pinch was like not a real pitch, cause he's like, I don't want another selling speaker, but you can get applications if you want something. Alright, so that was nice. My application pitch to see if we could... You know what you could have done? I saw that, and I was like, man, you know what you forgot to do? Forgot to reward them for filling out the application. That would have been... or handing it in even. Down to a smart, cause we got 108 of the... Alright, so I sat there. Oh my god, he's just there. What happened? You should have jumped up and be like, Russell, wait, you forgot one important thing. I'm gonna give you a... how many of you would like my free coaching CD? It's $5,000. You gotta sell something in a set. I'm gonna give it to you for free when you go out and fill out the thing. Dang it. That's alright. I pitched it again in six months. There you go. What else can we throw in? And also, we kinda need some fast action bonuses. How have you been playing that for the first five? How do you play that normally? Usually... I do like arm and stack, so I'm like, here's the coaching program, which is like the top one. And then it's like... each thing becomes like the new bonus, and the bonus that each one has, bonus, bonus, bonus. And then my last bonus I've been doing, which has been fun for me, I don't know if it helps or not, but I call it this, like the... I bought too much crap bonus. I show them like my library, which is like, why is this thing just filled? And then I'm like, here's one shelf that's like empty. And I'm like, how about this? If you buy it right now, it's normally 5,000 bucks. What I'm gonna do is, if any other course you ever bought, and you mail it to me, because I'm a junkie, I want to collect all this stuff, I'll give you... I'll knock it in price in half right now. And then I get boxes of crap mails in all day long. Like everyone's old products that they don't want anymore. So that's what I'm like. It's more of a... It was more like a free crap, but... That's cool. I like that. It worked pretty good, I don't know. That could work. Even if that discounts the price, that's a reason for discounting the price. Yeah, I get it. If you can do that, and they give you some brags to it. And I was like, if I ever see crap, this is the only one that actually works. I'll go through your stuff, and if I find anything good in it, and I'll add it to my next system, you'll get it for free. And all that kind of stuff. So I got so many old, old courses. It's so fun. Dude, that's awesome, man. Some renacity, some come and they stink. Whoever's housing and smoking for like 50 years, they sit there and they're like, oh, her stools are in the way. We have a lot of tilt, tape sets and stuff. It's really fun. Oh, that's cool, man. Alright, so... Anything else? Is this a complete offer for you, D? We got software. We have technology. We got coaching. Anything or... I could, yeah, I could. I'm going to go through the sales letter when you guys are out there and break out and see what's what we got. Any objection that they're still... What kind of thing? I can't think of anything on objection that you haven't overcame. Traffic. What should I do? Traffic, conversions, sales, getting the money. Website, coaching, holding. The only thing left is the event. We'll make that as a bonus. Are you doing events? Are they scheduled? Kind of. So on sales for a bump for 5,000, like a 12,000-dollar sale, we do a tune-up to a Boise with Russell type thing. They're not like events. Events are more like a workshop. A workshop? Okay. I'm looking at this. I keep going back to the traffic. You've got that one mechanism for the traffic. I thought the sketch in the traffic software was something separate. I can see where that would bring some traffic in. If we're going to strengthen any area, it's going to be very strong. Probably the area. Do you have any, like, a product's paper click? We have instant traffic systems. That's where you sell from the stage. We've gone through. I show my library. Here's 10,000 courses I've gone through. We're breaking down to, like, 74, like, actual traffic systems. And, uh... And it's like, they're just cut and paste. You can hire an outsourcer. You can just show him the video. And he goes, it doesn't. Traffic naturally comes to your website type thing. You don't have to think about it. You don't have to... That's the instant traffic system? Yeah. Okay. That was, like, one of the bonuses last time I spoke to Kenny's event six months ago. Probably at least a third of a half of them told us they bought it just for that bonus. So they just want the whole A-Club. There's a clue. What, uh, just curiosity. They know it. For a call center, somebody sells a system for a thousand bucks and they sell leads of it. What is the dollars per head? The event buyers. Freakin' awesome. Like, $200 a head or something? We made that. Oh, yeah. We get $200. I mean, we get $100 to $200 online. So, the event lead, you're probably, I'd say, looking at it, but... I'd say more than that. You know, and bills, I mean, we're only... We're raising the column of $100 leads, we're averaging. The D-Pale right now is, like, $500,000 or $600,000. About three and a half leads, so... The event leads to the... Just like, you know, when we do an event, we do $2,000 a head at events. You're probably... Well, our last event, and we're getting one of those good events I think we averaged like $12 to $1500 a head and we matched that on the phones the next week. Okay, cool. I was just curious. I'd say you probably, I'd say if you're averaging $200 a head or $5,000 a head and you're replying to $5,000, you'd get your phone out of one of the phones. Okay. We'll have to talk about some other stuff. Since we're working with a lot of speakers, more than 80% of them don't use call center. Because they're doing traditional way of doing events. But we know people are not applying to events as they're used to. Which is like, it's so much easier to do the same model we're already doing, just taking their stage pitch and selling those at $30 DVD. You want to talk to Russell? I don't know if this is the time because I can build this out. But just the idea of how we're seeing $1,000 on a webinar and then $24.97. So this product is a $2,500 product, especially with the events. From your phone event here. So from stage that's perfect. Yeah. Well, we'll just do a little sales follow. This is what we're noticing. This is kind of the business that you're in. So let's just say the leads come in here online. Driving traffic. Let's just say it's something that's going to be $29 to $49. Give them a hug. And then from there, maybe we can get them for $300. So these are all coming online. Now when you do a webinar, let's just say this is a webinar. They usually come in at $9.97 to $14.97. Or we do a live event. You go to speak on stage. And you can sell it from $2K to $3K. Same package though. Okay. Same package. You know, I mean, you might get one in two years. It's, oh my God. And you know, I'm just giving a discount. So same package. So now they're coming in this way. And then the game that you're in, of course, you notice, because you have a call center, you get them to an event. Say event or call center. And then you want to sell the 10K, the 25K coaching. And this is the game you're in. Because basically all this, you know, it's customer acquisition. Kind of break even up there. You might make some money, but the game you got to get is this game. So, you know, you get, you get a four coaching sales of 25K a month. You make you $1.2 million. So that's the business model that you're in. And so what we're doing is we're writing this for you right here. That conversion there. So the cool thing is to see most of our folks are doing, or most of them don't even have this done. They're just doing this. And then they have an event and that's their whole business model. So the way he does, we hook him up with Brock Felt and he builds this form. And then we, Brock's building that people's friend it offers. Yeah. Like that's his core business. Don't you know for the people? Uh-huh. That's pretty cool. I charges, you know, one of my, How does he charge for it? Like 25 to 35,000. He built the whole online. Oh, you say he lives here? Yeah, he's going to come over today. We told him to stop by and say, how do you? Very cool. So he lived right around the corner from here. And so, you see, so we've got, these guys, most of our guys have this game figured out pretty well. They don't have this. We can refer some folks to you for that. And then we refer a lot of folks to Brock. It's kind of, it's kind of, it's going to be pretty nice. So when you saw, when you give him your calls, or you're selling high end packages like that, right? Yeah. Okay, cool. Awesome. So we can, and what we do for some other companies, we actually do the events for a lot of folks. It's going to be very interesting. In fact, that's the only thing we, in our company, really wanted. We talked to, I mean, Dean's company about it. They restored online for an unmodeled, full of things. But I just think like, I don't know, I want to go front of things. I mean, we're obviously doing it online, and we're doing it from multiple different media, bringing people in. I'd love to have a seminar front end. We used to work with one of my old VP of marketing, he's from Dynatech, which gets mentioned in the video. So he explained that whole model game a million times over. I just always loved it, but I just don't want to do it. Yeah, it's, yeah. And that's our background. Yeah. That's how, so what you did, you did a different way. We did the, and then AJ, he used to work with Marshall Silver for 24 years. So he's doing all these events and loves, he loves doing events. So he loves doing them. I love him because that's where I came from. So we do, for some folks that have, they just say, you know what, I don't want to do events. You guys do it, you know what to do. You do it for us. And then I just want to show up and speak for an hour, and then I'm out. So we do that for some folks. And for us, we like to do that because you're generating leads, which is very difficult to do and very cost-is-pensively. So we bolt onto your business. So we get to do, we like to do events. So that's been pretty cool. How do you pay it on the events and on the percentage of, yeah, what are we getting? That's awesome. Yeah, I don't know. Just, you want an event and we'll show you how much money we can make. We got some riggers, trust me. If you guys show up at the job, if you show up into business for you, you give you that freedom. Yeah, some guys like that. We got that. Yeah. We can only do so much, man. We're going to do this. So cool. So let's take a look at your offer. And remember, if there's anything else that we can add, let's add it. Let's start like, give them the Lamborghini or whatever, and then we're going to come back. So let's take a look at the offer. So you're going to get the complete, alter, underachiever, freedom system. This system is going to, this system, when you take actions there, you're going to get the cash now, online, acceleration program, which is that such and such. You're going to get the ultimate, underachiever, success community system. You're also going to get the instant cash video and audio training series. You're going to get the complete software, automation technology system. You're going to get the alter, underachiever, home study system. You're going to get the complete done for you part of this business. We're going to completely do everything for you. You're going to get the done for you finding secret niches. This right here, I'm going to share with you our secret markets. You're going to get the 300 hot selling products, the fully automated money, money machine, website system. You're going to get the proven automated sales machine, which is all my sales letters, the design and graphics, everything that will convert, the custom, customizable point and click website builder, the instant traffic generator. You want to do the instant traffic system or instant traffic generator? Instant traffic generator system sounds great. Instant traffic generator system. The more leads, more profits, magic traffic software. You're also going to get the starting profits now, creating your online ATM and the complete cash flow coaching jumpstart calls. That's pretty sexy. Anything else that you want to add? Anybody else? Anything else you want to add? No? Okay. You don't want to see? No. We actually actually, well funny, in our Donald's University, we have the TechsMrs. Coaching with me or whoever's got the cell phone that day. They can do TechsMrs. Coaching, they have questions. We can answer that as well. Oh, yeah. I like those past action photos. They're already in place. Here's another thing I would think about. I would think about a bonus webinar. If they have a webinar, nothing would ever do this. There might be additional product sale there as well. Well, they're getting that anyway. They're going to be beating the hell with the call center. Yeah. With my baby emails and everything. Should we give you a webinar week? Should we? I wondered, Dave, do you think we should take these jumpstart calls and position that as a bonus? So we're doing a stack too. We're doing it a little differently. So we're going to stack all of this. You stack twice. So we'll stack that. We'll stop at the calls. And then he'll throw in some bonuses. Which is going to be the instant traffic generator. Instant traffic generator. And then the text message coaching. Yeah. Text message coaching. Do you call that anything right now? Text message coaching. That's how I learned today how to make my title things a little sexier. Yeah. Is the bonus good place to throw in a webinar? Yeah. Throw in a webinar. I mean, you're already doing customer important. I want a bonus to be like, wow. Something I got to have. Yeah. Like a webinar. It could be the software. You have to come up with. Yeah. Yeah, maybe we'll do that. Okay. Yeah, let's do that. Because we're going to, the objection their head will overcome the traffic generator system. And then we're going to do the software, which is like the done for you traffic. Yep. I like that. Can you open up the whole blueprint so we can show them? I need to ask you guys, can you guys look at the menu, highlight what you'd like to eat, so I can put in the order? Oh, we're not going to go out there? It's closed today. Monday. Oh my God. Oh no. Fuck. I went in. Yeah, I worked yesterday. So you guys figure out what you wanted to highlight it and I'll be back in five minutes. We're so booked up that we had to get one of our clients in. And I was like, you know, we're coming here to Sunday. She's like, okay, that's fine with me. I'm like, oh, shit. What am I just doing? Not fine with me. So I was here yesterday helping one of our clients. And you said you might have some additional related products. Those could be some good bonuses. I have more product than anyone in the world. I think, yeah. I was like, nice low cost, low cost, heads full, high perceived value. What do you think would be like a wow one that relates to your system? I think you think as well. What do they want? How do we fell back to it for three months? There's some stuff. So we've got one of our courses called microcontinuity, which is like a great free CD offer and make continuity programs with a ton of residual income. We have the 12 month internet millionaire, which is interviewed Vince James. He made $100 million in 23 months. It's my six hour interview with him. And then there's a whole 26 week like video coaching program built around everything that we got from him. I like the first one. What was the first one again? Microcontinuity. Okay. Yeah. So we can create the like something that automated residual continuity system or something. I'm going to throw that in. How many of you like, you know, just wake up every morning and get money coming in? Yes. I'm going to throw this bonus in there. Yeah. We do that? Yeah. Okay. Dustin, you got that for a bonus? Yeah. You call it what residual? Yeah. I think we're at what three? We've got one traffic. We've got three. We've got three bonuses right now. You want to go for? See on stage, it's okay to go. Stay, yeah, but webinar is too long. It's going to be like a two hour, two hour deal. Yeah, you're right. That's not too much. We just find the best lake for webinars in 90 or 60 or? 70. 70. Yeah. And also too, it's always what is the leader of the list program this people to do? Or what are they accustomed to doing? You know, like if you go to Marshall Silver's events, which we do, they're accustomed to buying and to buy a lot. They're nice. Then we go to get motivated and speak on there and go up there and sell the same product for $29. Nobody wants to buy it. It's crazy. It's what they've been trained to do. But yeah, we like to keep the webinars around 75 minutes because attention span for these folks is got about an hour and a little bit. Yeah. All right, sweet. Well, you guys, awesome. So can you take off? Yeah. Okay. Make it out of here.