Here, we're recording again. We'll shut this up. Is this the end? I think so. Yeah. I got mine. Alright, so this is the transition in the clothes, and we'll change these pictures, because so many people have not changed it, but we'll change these for you. But basically, this kind of triggers your clothes, so it's the lifestyle. So everything I've taught you so, this is like the end of your presentation, so everything I've taught you up to this point, whether it's to get the family, send your kids to college, have the nice toys, have the car, whatever. And so that's why I'm here today, is to tell you about the Ultra Underachiever Freedom System. We'll swap out, your graphics guy will have them swap out, but basically we want a big collection image, just to make it look bulky. And then what we'll do is we'll break down, so you've got the benefits and features which we'll plug into here. Dave, hopefully if he did his job correctly, went through, you guys went through that? Yeah. Okay, cool, we'll plug them in. So here's where I came in, and so this is part of the offer, this is the first thing. So this is what they're going to get access to, so when they invest in the system today, they're going to gain access to the Cash Now Online Acceleration Program. So they're going to get you walking them step by step through the formula, access to the community. They're going to get the instant cash video, audio and training system, and much, much more. You're not to read that, but it's just something that they can read while you're validating, and you're saying, you know, I spent over, you know, 14 steps in the system, we went through the process, and so... So you don't actually say all the things? You don't have to, it's totally up to you, because sometimes what will happen is, you know, some people are auditory, and so you can sell them using a different set of words, versus the people that are reading it. So it's totally up to you, or you could use it as a crutch until you're learning it, and it'll still be okay. Okay, makes sense? And so everything that we do is we validate, we give it a price. This is a real-world value of $5,000. They're going to get the Home Study System, and then we'll put the new graphics in there. So this is basically, it's the same thing as your sites. I just had to make it sound different. A couple things I wanted to show you. See, that's your mantra, so I figured, let's put it on every slide. It subconsciously sells them, so that's going to be on every slide, and then we put your branding, and if we want, we can change it. I noticed on your site, there was the line papers of background. You can't sell up there, but when you see it on a webinar, so it's line papers of background. Just kind of keep consistent with your brand. So they're going to get that $2,000 value. This is your whole automation software bundle, so I found one of your web pages, and then I just put all that in there. That's the real-world value there. They're going to get the website builder. No need to wait over an expensive programmer, fully customize your site. The value on that is $1,147. Now, what I did here is I added Done for You services in your Bolt-on team, because that's kind of how you sold me on it. We're going to do it for you, and I'm going to give you access to my team that custom developed that. So I found this off your website for $10,000 value on that. I found this one. I'm not sure if that's a current picture, but it's your instant traffic system. A little bit of flip camera anymore, but yeah, it's with it. We can sub that out, but I found a page, and so I saw that you were selling it at $2,000. And then this one doesn't really exist yet, but this is basically just the training to get a merchant account or how to get PayPal. Because sometimes we don't know what to put at a price, we're making price this, right? In addition, they're going to get the cash flow live coaching. Now, I found this on your website. This was different than the calls that we originally had mapped out, but you gave them access to coaching and you gave it a value of five grand. Is that still the case, or was that something special because you were launching it? Yeah, we did it for there. They basically had access to our coach, the process, so it's similar. I like the idea you guys had about making the sales calls with the fit. I can change it back. We can change it. Yeah, $1,000 is hard to do. If you're not a project manager, you're not. Do you want any changes to the jumpstart calls? Maybe, yeah. Okay, totally can do that. And then we'll give it what a value of $1,000 then. Okay, and then so here's the stack. So you go through everything, so you're going to get all this and more. You're going to get this, you're going to get this, you're going to get this. So you're stacking, you're stacking, you're stacking. Let me make sure that came in right. And then the real world value is $26,000. And then what do you say here? Did they tell you yet? Yeah, I forgot what you were giving me. If only, if only. If all, if only, yeah. If all this is, okay, cool. If all this is system then, I stole this from the other thing, so this is how we're going to price drop it. We got to change the wording on there. I think you better picture the other one too. Did you come from, is that a, you coming from a workout in this one? I was shaped there and I was fat over there. We'll do the price drop. What is your guarantee on most of your stuff for this product? I guess what you said? Probably 30 days. Okay. We're going to do nine days, it's fun. Okay. So we've got the guarantee there and then now we're going to give them some fast action bonuses. So they're going to get all that other stuff we talked about and then your highly anticipated coaching module where they can get access to you and your team. You know what I was thinking about with the guarantee? Sometimes if you go longer out, your refunds actually go down. You can think they got forever. You did a six month to a year one. Some people put 90 days in there and they're going PDA or something like that. They go to Big Ding and they send the stuff back. I hear they just forget about it. Say well as long as it's 2011, by the end of 2011 you can't think about it anymore, it disappears. And then they love that because it shows huge numbers. Fast action bonuses is the software. So this is your hottest traffic tool to come to market. Syndicate your sketch videos and send them out. I didn't know what to put a value on that. Is there a value for that? Probably a charge in like May, so about some month to premium somewhere in there. So what are you going to give them? 60 days free or this one? Probably can move by fine. Okay, so I'll calculate a value for that. And then your millionaire incubator workshop? What? It's actually a workshop again. You don't have to. We can definitely take this out. We can come up with some other ideas. So you let us know. It's tough because it's, well, it's a workshop in Boise. No one ever comes to it. They always buy because of it. We still have to put it on the workshop. Even if people aren't coming. But we got at least two of them happening next year. So let's just do it because it gets people to show up. Okay, cool. So what's that? I found that on your website for 12 grand. Is that? It's on the bonus for 12 grand. Okay, awesome. Great. So they're going to get that. So then what we do here is the other stacks. You can get all this and more. Now you're going to get the bonuses. So if you add that, if you add all that up together, now it's a $38,000 value. And then this will actually come. This will change, but then we'll give them the discount. Dave talked to you about free. Okay, so there's an optional component. If you're live on stage or speaking from stage, you can do the free clothes. So we've got that. So that's your offer. So I'll make a couple tweaks when Dave comes back. But in the meantime, what we're going to do now is go backwards. So you created steps. I see them right there. So what we're going to do now is we're going to create the steps for people. And remember, this is kind of like the content part or some people call this the educate the sell part. So we're going to put those steps in here now. And rock with it. All right. So how many steps did you guys come up with? Free. Free easy steps. Are those the ones we talked about earlier? Yep. Okay. Are we calling them steps? We call them keys. Oh, crap. We have to circle one of those. Oh, that's fine. I mean, I think steps probably. Okay. Three steps. What are we calling them? Three steps to achieving success. Underachiever success. How many steps? Three steps. Two point here. Reach. Success. All right. Step number one. Find a hot market. Okay. Ask them what they want. Okay. Give it to them. Okay. All right. So step number one. Now if you've got slides from your other presentation that kind of goes through this, no need to reinvent the wheel here because this is kind of content. So I'm sure because you've already figured out these three steps. So we can take from your old presentation or we can just create on the fly here. I changed a lot of them through here. So, okay. So give me step one. Watch TV. So simple. Okay. Look at magazines. All right. Look online to see how many people are searching for things. Search online. Talk to passionate people. Passionate crazy people. Okay. And look at what other people are already searching. Okay. Okay, cool. And so on this slide you'll just, you can talk through this. How much time goes, right, how much time is focused, you look at your 90 minute presentations on the steps? So I would probably say about 20 minutes, 15 to 20 minutes maybe. And really the bulk of this is going to be the next part which is the social proof. So did Dave tell you, we give a social proof because you might say find a hot, well this is the best example but you know what bandit signs are on the real estate with those things of politicians. So like in real estate events, the guy from stage might say, hey look, go put out bandit signs. Well I was that guy that put out a bandit sign and the sign police couldn't take it down and I never got a call and I'm thinking the whole time you're up there talking, I'm thinking BS that that guy doesn't know what he's talking about, right? So what we do is we want to validate step one. So what is a case study or a story that you have that someone found a hot market or maybe they were like struggling and they were like, I don't know, trying to do something in the wrong marketplace but they got with you, you helped them out, they found this kick ass market and now they're exploding. Yeah, Jen and Jen with the, they're trying to sell these weird supplements and then they found out about our system, they did the hair bow thing. I must have moved my papers. Now where can I find out? 20minutepayday.com has all their screenshots and all their, cool. I'll go pull those 20 minutes. I'll get that one later. All right, so step number two, which is asking for. Okay. So who's the runner me survey asking their number one greatest question? Great question. So we said, yeah. Number one question. So what you said? Yeah. Number one question. Number one question. That's the path. They find out what their pain is. They can find out what they really want. Okay. And hire a ghost writer to write ebook. Okay. And then ebook simply answers their questions. Okay. Any case that these are stories coming to mind? Yeah, we've got, let's see. We've got one guy that has a product on how to overcome pornography addictions. How to what? Overcome a pornography addiction. Okay. And he was creating a product for men. And then he wrote, he did the whole campaign there and found out there was all women and mothers were searching for stuff, real, real product based on, he's going the wrong direction and has made it so we can do some of the right things. What's his name? His name is Ryan Winder. I don't know if he screenshots or anything, but I need something. Okay. I want to put a picture. You know his website or anything? Overcomeconteriorpure.com. Okay. Okay. And I'll flush that out. All right. So step number three. Do you usually do one social proof thing for each one of you at the bottom? Would you keep stacking like 10 of them in a row or just not? What we're going to do here, we can do two. We're going to do one at a time. And I know you got both of them. But it's because we usually do one at a time if you try to do a bunch more. What we'll do for most people, they don't have a lot of testimonials, so we'll do one at a time. But right after your last step, we'll do social proof, social proof, social proof, because that's going to build momentum. And then we get to this slide, which is, you know, how many of you want to be my next successor? How many of you want to be like Zan and Jen and I? So that kind of, you're building momentum up into the close. So that's how we'll do a little stack. And then we'll do it right after that. But if you've got like 20, we'll do two, three, two in between your steps and then we'll put like five to 10. They'll do it, because we've got a bottom from Frank and Ed. They have like tons of success stories from there as well that we're going back now. And we're getting like craziest markets. We're trying to interview you guys right now and get all your screenshots for this. But like, you know, like the shed and plan guy. Your shed and plan is 100k a month. Here's chicken coops, here's 30k a month. And just try to stack the weirdest ones with great things. I don't have more now, but we're going to try to get as many as we can before we do this live. You had a ton too. You could do the collage like Dave did and just pick out some ones that kind of stick to his mind. I show, for us, like the one thing that I know really helps sell when they start seeing all these things, just like the hair bows thing. I can't believe I signed up for a thing about Zan and Jen's hair bow. They're just like, that's the stupidest thing in the world. They're making 15k a month. Their side's ugly sin. And it's just like, when they see the thing that becomes real to them, they're like, oh, so like, that's what we're going to have to make those. Yep. So we're going to put those in there and that'll be good. Alright, so step number three, which is, I think it's just getting turned right. Okay. First, I'm going to set up a simple one page website. Okay. And the, I mean, you don't want to say sales letter, but the words, the copy on the page, you're just offering the answers to the questions that I already asked. High converting sales copy. So I thought the old were copies only sizes. Someone's question was, what's the best propellant shoot potato and the copy is discovered the best propellant shoot potato. You know, they just take all their questions and turn it down to bullet points with an order button. That's pretty much the process. Make sure I copy easy for anyone. Yeah. Okay. Let's see. Oh, this. So I'm going to start with some next ones like traffic things like they're about placing out the related websites like tell potato gun thing with Okay, the forums my banner ads. And then point, point for me outsourcing traffic that I set up the bonus of the traffic systems. Last step is cash checks. For the blogs. Any testimonials from the mind? Yeah. So started preschool.com. She goes like mommy bloggers. Is that what you used to launch continuity? Yeah, she made a $15,000 a month two months ago. So they're doing really well. I got some really good screenshots of that. Basically, I like to do there is grab a picture of her name. And her story is so good. She's like the horse mom other three didn't want to put the kids in daycare. All right. Where else can what other triggers what other testimonials do you have that we can just mash into here? What do you need your team to? If you think blank, you know, like I can find street shots bring it later. But we've got baby sign time. What is it? Signing for baby.com. Okay. Yeah. Final. Final from home. Okay. All right. So we've got the steps and I'm going to go with days in here and I'll flush out the testimonials. I'll put a picture where they're from their website and screenshots or all sorts of things. We have videos a bunch of them too. Videos. Okay. Cool. We can do that. Usually what we like to do is have a written one and then have a video. When you do webinars, are you just reporting them? Okay. Pre-reported off some week. Okay. Because you know about the whole video thing. The real street rail one through. Yeah. Remember, right? Yeah. Just what you recommend is going to those extra testimonials, the ones at the end. I always think about in terms of making sure there's no duplicates. Which one gets rid of an objection like the mom one. I don't have the time when I got three kids. I can't do this. That solves that one. I wouldn't do three moms. That type of thing because you think about it and you have it. Yeah, absolutely. That's good. I think no computer skills whatsoever. It asked the first Yankee and I couldn't figure out which one it was. Yeah, absolutely. I think if you've got a lot of women, the number one thing we see is folks not targeting women. So having the baby and the signing for baby and the sort of person, I think that's good. In match two, I wouldn't have an 8% women one. It's 20% women. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. And I know Frank and Ed have a whole bunch so get those in there. One of the things I forgot to get from you is this slide here. Dave should have had you write out the benefits of your system. Yeah. Let's see. Probably out of order now. Uh-uh. There we go. Alright, what are they? More time for family. Or people have actually done it before. Okay. ability to give yourself a raise every day. I guess starting fast, no waiting for... Can't remember what handwriting. It's a whole new equation. And then follow-up with the system. Okay. That's it. Alright. Alright, so working backwards. One of the things we like to do is target the problem and then turn up the target problem, just turn up the paint and then present the solution, which is the home screen. So what are the problems that you're seeing? You speak all over the country, where people come to you. Why are people successful? That's the truth. That's the truth. That's not your fault those darn gurus are all lying to you. Okay. At the time, the money or the experience. They tried the wrong system. That didn't work. Okay. Information overload. And worse, they're learning strategies that are outdated or never really work. What is it? Or worse, they're learning strategies that are outdated. They're learning strategies or internet strategies. They're learning strategies. Information overload, say overload, and then the stuff you're learning doesn't work anyway. Yeah, that's fair. Okay. So I'm not sure if they took you through this, but on stage is your products over there. And so what you do is challenges other people face. And so you're always pointing away, pointing in the past, right? So you're probably, this is kind of the advanced stuff. Your products is always in the future. First off, on the stage, you know about anchoring the stuff through Robins and past, present, future, that sort of stuff. So your products are always in the future. And then whenever you tell your story, whenever you're in pain, you turn away. That's the fun. That's when you get that fun on stage. Start playing with that stuff. I can control it. Do you have video Marshall speaking? Yeah. I'd love to see it. I'd love to see it speak. Yeah. All right. So you've got the challenges. Got more challenges now. Got two more on here. Oh, you did? Oh, yeah, yeah. Got the website I have now isn't converting. And nobody actually shows up to their website after they set up NoTraffic. Perfect. That's why you created the system, which is based on these three steps. So there we go. All right. So how do you break down your story? So let me tell you your story. So I was a college kid wrestling at my university. Just gotten married. It's trying to figure out a way to help pay the bills. I learned about the internet. I learned a lot and tried a bunch of stuff. I built for all the scams, blah, blah, blah. And then I was learning about marketing stuff. Found a niche about potato guns. Okay. Made my first potato and DVD. Found was a hot market. Found about 20,000 people on searching for how to make a potato gun. Went home depot. Filmed was making a DVD of it. Put up the website and started making some money. In cash? That's how it all became. Awesome. What slides represent that in here? Or do you just, you know, roll the top over? These slides. There's a pair of the websites. Wonder if number 22 is that? This one. So let's see. Okay. So we can get a photograph of that and a picture of the college. That's good. I think 228. So, uh, so what's the problem? How frustrated was the college? Nothing. Nothing? So now, alright. One thing I might need from you is lifestyle pictures. So generally when we do the story, it's the hard block story. The rope, it's dumb, it's stupid, man, the system changed my life. Now I'm here for my life as life. So it's cheesy a little bit, but if we look at it from our perspective, they're like both on the top, ridiculous. So we incorporate that. We get them excited about, you know, here's me with my family traveling. We have a lot of pictures of the Olympics that you can do. Talk about training, doing what I love to do. So do we have any pictures that represent that? Or can we get them? I think, do you have a microcontroller, D1? Maybe it has some more lifestyle. The seven secrets? No, but it might have some too. Oh, okay. There's some microcontrollers. Oh yeah, there's some lifestyle videos. That's Xan that he's, he's an actor now. He has hair growth, science, and making so much money. Oh, awesome. I remember telling him, oh perfect, so we got the half of a million. Alright, ski Dubai. What is this? That's Pirate's Cove. We came out of the Mash Reign to play school Pirate's Cove. Is that Vegas? Oh, that's a, yeah. Probably more pictures behind that of the two. Okay, okay, great. That's a great one. What is this? That's our new baby. He wasn't here yet when we spoke here, but now he's long too. And my wife just texted me while we were sitting here. Do we have family pictures? He's flying to the front. Oh, is it? Family pictures of Friday? Yeah, it's like, all of your family's house. Hey, that's good. Awesome. As if she did. Those are just new lifestyle pictures. Oh, cool. Alright, so we'll do this. We've got a number of purple in here. Alright. Alright, so we're going to kind of even jump into the front. So Dave talks about the yes date getting them in the yes date in the beginning. Normally when you speak, how do you get them in that yes date? How do you get them excited? How do you start, I guess, just how do you set them? I have a video that I usually watch at the very beginning. Okay, cool. And then from there, I'm going to start whenever it comes out. That's a bad sign, huh? I think it's sent you guys. It's got my testimonials. It's got 20 Robbins introduced to me. Oh, did you email? Yeah. Debbie might have it too. Let's see. Let's see. Oh, that's on your shipper. Alright. Alright. Alright, so we're going to start. Alright, so we're going to start. Alright, so we're going to start with the shipper. We'll take a look. I'll have Dave take a look at that. You know, he talks about getting them into a yes date. How many people make more money? How many people generate more traffic? That sort of thing. So you can have those questions. Typically what we do here is we tell them what we're going to tell them. So we put it into a frame so like you're about to discover or in the next 60 minutes I'm going to show you this. Can you have you write those out? Okay, awesome. I need to walk around. You should have a cheat sheet for all these. Yeah. You're about to discover the simple three step system for creating tiniest websites to make hands free money. So three step system two, create tiny little websites. Tiny little websites. That. That make more hand free money. No, that means fake. That's right. Hands free money? Maybe. That makes sense. I know. Hands off. Hands off. How about their money while you sleep? Yeah, money while you sleep. Money while you're home and you're under wear. Yeah, Paul's in the front. Yeah, that's right. Okay, what else? Okay, I'm going to share with you a story about a couple who made 15K a month teaching people how to tie hair bows and they don't even know how to tie them themselves. That makes... Did you say makes 15K? 15K a month. A month. He was tying hair bows? That was tying hair bows. Teaching. Teaching people to tie hair bows. Okay. How do others to quickly and easily do all the work for you for under three bucks an hour? To easily do all the work. Sorry, you said that? How do others to easily do all the work? To quickly and easily do all the work for you for under three dollars an hour. For you for three dollars an hour. For you for three dollars an hour. Sometimes I just keep going. Three bucks an hour. Okay. And how to be up and running in 40 hours from right now? Thank you. 478 hours from right now. That's very specific. We timed this on the case. Ready? Go. Alright, so why the underachiever formula? Because you can work from the comfort of your very own home. Okay. Very low cost of entry. Okay. It's automated and free so it frees up tons of time for your family. Okay. And then, this is basically, I was trying to say that it's like the new real estate, it's virtual real estate, so it's making millionaires now like real estate didn't it? It doesn't work anymore. There's no more. Let's see that one. Virtual. Virtual. Okay. Is that how you're kind of going? Making more millionaires? Or, see, yeah, somehow, because you talked about the real estate pitches that nine out of ten millionaires made in real estate, this was like, How about making more millionaires than ever before? Yeah, like right now, they were all back then, but now this is like the new, this is what real estate was 20 years ago. You know how I would sell it? It's hot enough now, and it's also been simplified enough now. This is the peak time. It's too simple to make people enter it. Now's your chance at doubting the market. It's too simple. It's too simple. It's too soft on the computer. Okay. Computer, go website, okay. Alright, so why now? Why is the opportunity now? Because social media has made traffic generations easy and cheap or free. It's going to be social media. Easy and cheap. Or free. More people are online, and there's more pain than ever before. We're looking for solutions. Okay. Okay. Um... A lot of people are entering on their phones nowadays. They're buying some mobile leads. And... 9 out of 10 consumers go online to buy it now. What is it? 9 out of 10 consumers go online to buy it. That's his staff, so I don't know if it's true. Oh, Dave's? Yeah. Yeah. Can you check the slide 3? There's a major error. Okay. Can I read your barrier? Can I read your... I think the low barriers... I think this is a barrier to introduce. Alright. So why Russell? He's so cool. But of course... Okay, so we've got... Do you want the logo ones first or then? Yeah, you got to let us. So we've got... Let's see, I've been on CBS, Fox, and NBC. Okay. And then we're at Blueford Magazine. Our company is over $10 million a year online. Okay. International speaker. Yeah. What are you the author of? Some courses. I was like, I've never written a book. He's like, you shouldn't count so I've written courses. Best selling author. Does that count? What are people most know you for? Course-wise, who most know this course? Our company's Dotcom Seekers, we know that. It's not really a product called Dotcom Seekers. They're all kind of their brands. I don't know that or microcontinuity or... Every audience knows it from different... Yeah. I'll just put this one down. I think main one too, that's the other book. Microcontinuity. There's a guide that comes in. That's the book. Did you find microcontinuity? I find it. Yeah. Are you the founder of it? Aren't you like the founder of it? I coined that word. I coined. I'll say I coined it. I coined the word microcontinuity. I'll play with that. Train more... The more the more the... More beginners to make money on mine than anyone else in the world. This is going to be the beginner market. Is it going to be the end of the year? I'll say I'll be the winner. You can do the author board 300 products. Or you don't know if that's different than anyone. Is it going to be here? Okay. Leaving authority on getting people started on mine. Is that too similar to last one? I'll put it... I might... I might... What else? I might do anything. Consultant. Business owner. Business owner. Alright. Now what else in your presentation... What else in your other presentation are we missing that you've found has great response in crowds? Or do you think it's further to sale? That's not correct. Explain the traffic system stuff. Alright, so what's going on? We're like becoming step four. We can back that. We can put that. And the step can be a little bit longer. Traffic system... That's why I would... So, seriously, what I found before... If I had just a little traffic system, it was tough to let people that have any business. Right. If I had just a little microcontinuity, it was tough because they didn't have any traffic. So I started bumping them together. So I'd first hand teach them microcontinuity and they're like, Oh crap, and I have a business. And then I teach traffic systems. And I'd be like, we have 74 of them. And I'd be like, I'm going to show you just three really quick. And they're all like push button things. Oh, sweet. Is it right here? Going down, yes, we're at the end. Boom, there. So I started talking about microgerber, kind of systemizing, and then... We used the open traffic method. Okay, got it. Alright, so just tell me side numbers. Can you see them? So 40 all the way down to 44. Okay. And I don't know if it helps, but I share the Martin Scholes story. It's to help people understand why they should invest in stuff. Where's that one? I think it's 48. Doesn't the rest of the coach BYU is open fighter? Yeah, absolutely. I like the... 52, let me show you the behind the scenes. People love the behind the scenes, behind the secret. Yeah, we've got that picture, we've got them all. Okay. What are these Chelsea Hughes? Are those testimonials as well? Yeah. Okay, so I can pull those as well? Yeah, okay, pull. So let's do this. You were thinking behind step four, right? We're making a step forward. We have, you know, fight off market, and go get a job, and make one that's step four, and get, you know, traffic, some hour, instant drive, or something like that. We're just trying to get people back to the website. Okay. Anything else? Um... So, before... Fourth things, go. All right, so, break time now. So, here's what's gonna happen. I've got some cleaning up today. I gotta work some of it a little bit, and get the logos and testimonials in there. So, what Dave's gonna do is basically walk you through, so that he gets an understanding of it, and then I'm gonna come get the picture, and then I'll come back in with a new tweet thing before you get yours. I'm giving it to you too? If you want to, and I'll lift it. Yeah, and you can just walk through it if you want to do the full on 90 minutes. Some people do it, some people are, or not, they don't want to do it, they just want to walk through it. So, whatever serves you, you know, we want to make sure that you grasp some of the board patterns and such.