So, do you guys learn a couple cool things? I want to tell you my story about back end, how I kind of stumbled upon it, and Garrett told part of the story, but I'll tell you the whole thing from the very beginning. When I first got started, I was learning all the pieces that I'm sure you guys have gone through the same process. The first thing I learned about was creating like a front end product. So I made some CDs and some interview series, and I sell them for $30, $40, $50, and having a lot of fun with that, making some money here and there, and I was really excited. And then I decided I learned about membership sites. So I'm like, this is awesome. I'm going to do a membership site. So I launched my first membership site, and it was a site called thelostfiles.com, and it's not live right now. We're going to be relaunching here a little bit. But I ran the site, and it was a membership site. People paid, I think, $27 a month to be part of it, and it was all about how to use the public domain to make a bunch of money. And every month we gave them different public domain products to put in there. Or we gave them public domain products. They could then take these products and republish them as their own products. And it was a really cool site, and I ran it for like two or three months, and I looked in our forum we had, and people kept asking all these questions about, well, how do I do this? And there were tons and tons of questions, and I didn't really want to spend the time to go answer all these questions. I didn't really have support people or coaches or anything at the time. I'm like, well, crap, they want me to spend all my time answering these questions I'm going to charge for. So I just sent an email out and said, hey, there's tons of questions of people asking all these questions, and I'm just curious who out there would be interested in a coaching program. If I charge between $500,000, who would sign up for a coaching program, and sign up for that, and then I'll go through all this stuff in really great detail. We'll spend hours on the phone, and walk through every step of the process. I sent an email out, and I got tons of people responding back saying that they would. I was like, huh, well, they said they would. I wonder if they would really actually pay money to hear me talk on the phone for a whole bunch of times. And so I went back to the forum, and I didn't have a sales letter, and I made, and I just put up a PayPal button. I threw it up there, and the PayPal button, it was $500, and I sent an email out to my little list at the time. I said, hey, a lot of people said you're interested, so I put a PayPal button in the forum. You're interested, go click on the button, it's $500, and you'll be part of this coaching program. I sent that out. This is like the end of the day. I went home, went to bed, and it was actually at the time my office was in the basement of my house. I walked up the stairs, hung out with my wife, and went to bed. The next morning I woke up, walked back down the stairs, and I logged in my PayPal account, and I had been making, like I said, a little bit of money here and there, and there was $30,000 in new orders from that one PayPal button in back-end sales. I was like, holy crap, $30,000. Do you know how many e-books I had to sell to make $30,000? That was one night by asking a tiny list if they wanted to pay $500 to hear me talk on the phone for six weeks. I was like, this is awesome. That was my first back-end coaching program, about $30,000 off it. A little while later I'm like, that was kind of fun. I'm going to try it again. I was like, I can't believe people paid $500. I'm like, I wonder if anyone would be willing to pay $1,000. This is almost like a joke to me. It's going to be really cool if someone actually did it. Same thing, I didn't have a sales letter. I had nothing planned. I said, I'm going to do this thing. I had bought in the domain name Affiliate Boot Camp. I was like, I'm going to start an affiliate boot camp. I made some good money online as an affiliate. All I did is I did a teleseminar, and I spent an hour on the teleseminar basically saying, hey, I borrowed this guy's product, and I made this much money. I borrowed this guy's product, and I made this much money. I just talked like five or six things I'd done as an affiliate and made money. I'm like, so what I'm going to do is I'm going to do an affiliate boot camp. If you're interested in becoming an affiliate, it's going to be $1,000, and it's going to be like 10 weeks. I'm just going to be on the phone once a week telling you about different ideas, and it's $1,000. If you want to sign up for it, here's a beginning to pay-pull button. I put it out there, and I sent it out, and in about a week's period of time I had 79 people give me $1,000 for that coaching program. I was like, $79,000. I hadn't even done anything yet. I hadn't even gotten on the phone yet. I was just like, this is the greatest business in the world. So I got on the phone and I started doing these calls. What was interesting is before each call I'd say, here's the topic. I'm like, let me know all the questions you want to know about this topic, and I'll answer. People would submit all these different questions, so I get on the call, and I didn't even prepare anything. I said an outline of this, all the questions they answered, and I'd start answering them. I answered for two or three hours, I answered them all, and I'd open up the lines. People asked more questions than it was done. I'd go the next day. After a while, I started getting back a bunch of questions I didn't even know the answers to. I'm like, these are way over my head. I don't know the answers to these. So I started calling people that I'd met who knew the answers to them. For example, someone asked a bunch of questions about SEO. I didn't know anything about SEO at the time, so I called Brad Fallon up. I'd met him at a seminar. I'm like, hey, I got all these people that are asking me SEO questions. We get on the line and answer them. He's like, sure. So he jumped on the line and spent an hour on him. He just answered all the questions. Then we had a PPC guy answer the questions. There's like 10 different people I just brought on, and they answered the questions for him. He doesn't even know the answers. So I only did two calls myself and all the rest of me just asking people's questions. And I got paid $79,000 to do that. And I learned a whole crapload of asking all these people questions. Okay, so a lot of times, again, people get nervous about the back end, but it doesn't have to be that complicated. Both my first two back ends were not sophisticated by any stretch of imagination. Then you heard about our third one. Garrett kind of told the story. But basically, I'd heard about doing a workshop at the guru's house, the guru's office, and I'm like, well, I can do that. So the next morning, I woke up, we do the thing he talked about, recorded the message, sent an email out to my list. It just basically said, hey, call this phone number. I recorded a cool message for you. And they called the phone number. And because I didn't have time to write a sales letter, I'd just spent 30 minutes on the phone talking about what we were going to teach. And all these people listened to it. And then, like he said, we had, I think, four or five people that paid $5,500 to sign up for it. Plus that $25,000. Again, at the time, I didn't know. I'd never put one on before. I didn't know how to do a seminar. And if no one bought it, I wasn't going to do it. But we had five people that bought it. And I'm like, well, crap, we got to do a seminar now. So we went and we found a hotel, which is actually right down the hill here. And we booked a room. And it's like the most, if you guys ever see our first home study course, it's like the most ghetto production in the world. Like there's a big window in the back, made a camera set up. And you couldn't see me because the window was so bright. So we got a blanket from the hotel. They ripped them off from the beds. And they put it up there. And we have black duct tape taping up this sheet over the window so that you can't see. And that's the background of my entire presentation, is this like electrical taped up thing. And the thing is like, I only had five people signed up for it. I'm like, I don't want to have a seminar with just five people. So I'm like, I called my brothers, my dad, my friends, everyone I knew. I'm like, I got five people paid a bunch of money to be here. You need to come to and just so that there's people in the room. So they don't think that I'm like, don't know what I'm talking about. We had like 30 people show up and we did a workshop. And then we like, Garrett, so we took that, we turned to a product, and then we made a whole bunch of really cool stuff off of that. So a lot of times, you know, we overcomplicate the stuff. Okay. People, what they're looking for is they're looking for the information you have, looking for the quality that you're able to provide to them. You know, one of the stories I like to tell, one of my parables, is talking about quality. A lot of people get so obsessed with the quality. One of my friends, he came out here, this was four or five years ago, and he wanted to make a product. And he had $5,000, he used me to savings, and he said, I'm going to create a product. And I said, okay, cool. I'm like, go create, and he's a big dude. He's actually one of my buddies that wrestles with me. It's his brother. So it's a big dude. He's like, I have this idea, I want to make a product of me doing buddy exercise. I'm lifting up people and showing a bunch of different exercises, how you can work out with the buddy. I'm like, that's a great idea. I'm like, you know, go record real quick, and we'll spend your $5,000 on marketing and advertising, that kind of stuff. And against everything I told him to do, he spent $5,000 hiring a whole film crew to produce this huge DVD of him lifting up a couple people doing exercises. He wasted all his entire money, and he made a beautiful DVD, and no money now to market it, to sell it, to produce it, to do anything. He just had a really nice DVD, and he's never made a penny with the product to this day. Now, you look on the flip side, there's a guy that I buy a lot of stuff from. His name is Brooks Kubic, and he's got a really cool, I think it's sites like dinosaursstrain-trained.com, or dinosaurstraining.com, something like that. And when I was in high school, he used to buy a bunch of his books and stuff, really, really good books. And he had these DVDs, they were $50 DVD, and I always wanted to buy them, but I could never really afford them. And then after my business got started, I was like, I got some money now, I'm going to buy it. So I bought, I think there's six DVDs, and if you, so if you bought five, you got a disc, you got one for free. So I bought five of them, or six of them, excuse me, for $250, $50 a piece. And I got so excited, they showed my house, and they showed my house, this one, Garrett and BJ just started working with me, and they were actually renting a room down in my basement office, sleeping on the floor. And I was all excited, hey, these DVDs are here, and they're like, oh, I want to watch this. They came up and shared it, and we put the first one in, and the screen is completely black on the front of, on the video, we're sitting there watching it, and watching it, and just like kind of awkwardly like, is this going to start, or what? And all of a sudden you hear a woman's voice say, honey, I can't see you. And you hear him say, well, honey, you got to take the lens cap off, and you see him take the lens cap off, and he walks back down, he sits on the bench, and he starts doing his bench presses, and then they're filming it, and Garrett and BJ start rolling on the ground, laughing, making fun of me. You wasted $250 on this crap. I was so embarrassed, we had to turn it off, and they left, and after they left, I put it back in, and I watched it. And because I was interested in the topic, it was exciting for me, it was one of the best products I've ever gone through. So the key, the whole moral of this story is that it's not the quality that matters, it's the content, that's the people we're looking for. If you give them good quality content, that's what they're going to be going after. Okay, and you should be spending your money on the advertising, and the advertising, and those type of things, not on the production, and making a Hollywood production, because that's really not what people are looking for, looking for information from you. Okay, so a couple things on the whiteboard real quick, and then we're going to do some fun exercises with you guys. We talked about a lot of stuff today, obviously. We're talking about driving traffic, selling your product here on your website, maybe selling a couple products, having your back end, maybe have some continuity in here as well, things like that. And then Mason talked a lot about media buying. Now, the one thing I want to talk about, you know, when we got our business started, initially, what I did to drive traffic on my site originally was joint ventures, because it's free, it's easy, you meet people that already have lists, you talk to them, they promote it, and it was a really easy way for you to get my business started, because I didn't have a lot of money. For those who don't have money yet, we don't know exactly where to start. Starting in easy ways like that, like joint ventures and things like that, are easier because it's not going to cost you any money to start getting traffic. But what we want to do, this is, and like I said, when you get your business to a point, you want to scale it, buying media is the best way to scale your business. But if you don't know your metrics and your numbers, there's no way that you can scale your business. Okay, and what I mean by that, by metrics and numbers, for example, my business right now, I know that for every time I give away a free CD, free CD or free MP3 player, we do a couple of different variations of it. If I give away a free CD, I know a couple of things. I know that in the upsell downsell processing, I showed earlier that I have usually two or three products in the upsell downsell process. On average, I make between $50 and $60 on the upsell downsell process for every free CD player I give away. And I also know that the average person is going to stay on, depending on the price point, usually two and a half to three months, the person is going to stay on. So if they stay on for three months, if I build $97 and make another $297 or so, I'm going to make on continuity. And on the back end, depending on the lead and different things like that, I'm going to make between $150 and $250 for every lead on the back end. So for me and my business, I know for every free CD I give away, guess how much money I'm going to make on average. $50 plus between $150 and $250 and $300. So what's that going to be? $300, $4, $5, $6. So about $600 or so, I'm going to make for every free CD I give away. See how cool that is? So I know that, now guess what I can start doing? I can pay affiliates $40, $50, $60 to give away a free CD because it costs me $50. And affiliates are like, holy crap, I give away a free CD, you pay me $50. But from that customer, that person that came to my pipeline, I don't want to make money here, here and here, I'm going to average $600 or $400 or whatever the number is. Everyone's going to have different numbers. In our fitness business, our numbers are not nearly as high because we don't have a very good back end back here. And our continuity is a lot shorter. Our continuity back here I think is, I think $30 a month we're averaging, I think we average $80 something, we've all said about $85 on average. And our back end isn't as high either. I think our back end back here is closer to $24, $25 is what we're averaging. So for my fitness business, I get $24, $85, so I'm averaging, what's that going to be, $8, $110 or something like that. So in that industry, I can only pay $110 to acquire a customer because that's all I'm going to make. But with those customers, it was interesting, the fitness industry, these people are more rabid buyers usually. They'll buy a $30 to $40 product over and over and over and over again. They'll buy 50 fitness books. As opposed to marketing, I can just sell two or three type front end things. So every business is going to be different, but what you want to learn is what your metrics are, what your numbers are going to be. So what I do is when I'm going after the free traffic, when I'm going after joint venture partners and stuff like that, I want to build this whole thing and start driving traffic and watch it and say, okay, right now I'm averaging one month on this right here. How can I make that better? How can I make these people say two months or three months on average? Okay, no one's buying an upsell. How can I tweak that? Or I'm only making this much money on the upsell. You figure out ways to tweak it and change it, add it down, sell it, add things right here. I talked about earlier, adding an exit pop where we charge people a dollar and how many people we add it into the funnel through that. And can you just tweak little pieces along the way? When you do that, it makes your dollar per lead. How much money you make for each lead go up. And when this number goes up right here, how much money you can spend over here on media, like Mason's talking about goes up and boom, suddenly your business, you can start growing it and scaling it really, really quickly. Do you see how that works? Okay, when you build this, and again, this isn't something that happens overnight. It took me a couple of years before I ever got one. Hopefully the system and stuff we've taught you guys has sped up this process. You can learn your numbers a lot faster. But it basically becomes like a magic box. Basically, your goal is to make it work. If I put $1 into advertising, into this magic box, out the back end pops something that's greater than $1. Is that right? Is that less than? Greater than. Okay, so if I can make a box, a website that consistently produces like this, if I put a dollar in advertising and I get more than a dollar back out the back side, this is now a magic money machine you can start pumping money into and just more money pops out of the back side all day long. Okay, a lot of you guys, hopefully everyone that's here, went through the 12 month internet millionaire course where I interviewed Vince James. Vince made $100 million in 23 months selling a supplement. And all he did is he spent a month or two kind of building this little thing, and as soon as he got to work, he figured out where he could spend money on media, and he started blowing it up. Who here's listening to the interview, the six hour interview I do with him? Okay, that's all he did. He wrote a sales letter, put it out there and boom. The first one he got, it tripled over on the front end. So he put a dollar into advertising and it made $3 out of the back end. That's what it means to triple over. And as soon as he realized that, every dollar he put into advertising, making $3 back out of the back side, he was able to go from zero to $100 million in 23 months. He started rolling it forward. Boom, boom, boom, buying media, buying media, buying media. He started scaling it fast. And that's really how you can grow this business. Okay, but again, it comes down to building these pieces out. Building a front end product, building a continuity program, building some back end, building a really good back end. And again, for those who are just getting started, I don't want you to make the mistake that you have to have all this built before you get started. If you do that, most people never get started. You start with whatever your front end is. Make that and start selling it. And if that starts selling well, then create the next piece, then the next piece. Joy, you kind of went through this process with yours. I know you just barely finished this piece and this piece, right? And how long ago did you launch your website and your original? So six months ago, she launched her site. She put this up, she had one or two weeks of the continuity, right? And now she launched her business, started driving traffic to it. And then she went back through and started filling in these pieces back here. And then they created this part and they created this part. And now six months later, they have all the pieces, but she didn't wait. She didn't sit around for six months to build it all. She said, I want to make money today. She started building, started rolling it forward, and she's built a really good business just out of that really, really quickly. And that makes sense? Okay, so that's the really fun part about direct response in this business. And the other thing I love about this is after you get this kind of thing built, and you realize this is my business model, it all becomes kind of like math. Like you look at this, you say, okay, we sent 100 visitors to our website. From there, we had, you know, every number, 30 people here, 10 people here, and one person here. And you're like, okay, this looks, you know, that's a pretty good conversion right here, but this doesn't look so that good. So you realize if this number right here is not good, it means this piece of the puzzle is broken. And you just have to fix it. Okay, if you're doing this whole thing right here and everything is working good, but nobody's buying your back end, it means your back end sucks. Just change it, change the offer, change the price point, change a bunch of things so you find out what it is that's going to get somebody to actually purchase it and buy it. Okay, when I was telling you, when I was, all that money and debt, me and Garrett sat down, we went to our, my office at the time, was down, down the road a little ways, and we basically sat down and said, okay, if our life depended on this, which it kind of did, to make the best package in the world, they would make people pull out their money and come to our office, what would it be? We lifts it out, okay, we make it where they come to our office, and this is what happens here, and then they get this, and they get this. We created a program that was so good, we thought there's no way in the world anyone would ever say no to that. It's so powerful, it's such a good offer, they'd have to say yes to it. And then we put a price tag, I think it's worth about $5,500. That's what it was worth to us at the time, and they got on the phones because they had so much, so much belief, that's what it was worth. When they got on the phones with people and they sold that, like I said, that first week they sold 10 people and $5,500 into the program because they believed it that hard, okay. And it comes back to all these things, if you really believe in this piece right here, if you really believe in all the things you're creating, it makes it so much easier to sell. If you believe this program is really worth that much, what's the stuff you're going to put into it? And if you believe it but no one else believes it, why are they not believing that? Find out, well, how come you're going to buy it? Well, I don't really believe in this, I don't like this. Okay, well I'm going to add those things back in until you create a package that the value matches what people are expecting. And when you know that because that's when they're going to start paying you for it. Okay. So that's kind of the fun thing about direct response, it's just like building a little machine, and you just watch the numbers a long way. Watch how many people hit this page, how many people hit this page, how many people hit this page, which part is not doing well, fix it, tweak it, and keep working on it. And like I said, something like this, some people, this is their entire business for the last 10, 15 years, they have one product and one product line. I'm kind of obsessive and I've created like 30 of them, but you can really do this with one product. As long as you build it well, focus on it and build it where all the pieces are in place, then you start focusing on this part, driving more traffic, getting more people to the funnel, getting more people working on all the different pieces. Okay, any questions about that at all? No? Pretty simple. Okay, what we're going to do right now, what I want to do is I want to spend a little time going through some of your guys' businesses. This is the part of the business I really enjoy the most, and I don't get to do a lot of it because when we do do it, I charge a lot of money, and unfortunately more people don't want to pay me for it, because we charge a lot of money for it. On the low end, we do about 25,000 bucks a day for people to come and we sit down for 5-6 hours just talking about their business. So I'm going to do some speed sessions like that. We're going to spend 15-20 minutes depending on how much fun stuff we can get out of it. I'm going to kind of critique some of your guys' businesses and in the process, you're going to have a chance to look at what I'm looking for when I'm critiquing someone's businesses, the pieces I'm looking at, and look at them because I'm not going to be able to do everyone's businesses, but look at the things I'm telling them and how can you apply that back to yourself. Can I ask Tony Robbins' event? It was really fun watching him. Excuse me, in the 7 days he was there, he would critique probably 3 or 4, not critique, but he would do these interventions with people, spend about an hour or two hours with people, fixing their relationship or fixing whatever their issues were. He'd get people who were about to commit suicide and he'd do all these interventions and fix them, and people who had abortions or people who had been raped, and all these different crazy situations. He'd go through these processes with people and what's interesting is how much stuff you learn about yourself and your own belief systems, things like that, by watching him go with other people. I want to have the same process as I map out some of your guys' businesses, look at what pieces you can take back and apply back to your business from what we're saying about their businesses. Who wants to be the first volunteer and have a chance? Come on up. You guys show up a little late, do you want to introduce yourselves? Actually, both of you, do you want to introduce yourselves to the group? Sure. Oh, I guess I didn't even need to. Hello. Hi, I'm Steve Hall and this is Brian Merritt. And we came up from Beaverton, Oregon to come get exactly this, a little bit of input from you. Cool. I want you to map it out if you want to map out your process right now, or if you have one in an hour, if you're going to have one, and we're going to talk about the pieces of it and kind of break it down. Okay, Brian, do you know it better than I do? Well, you're doing fine. You're doing fine. Now they're not so sure if they want to be up here, are they? I want to talk about, as far as marketing standpoint, so how are you acquiring customers? How are you trying to acquire customers? Because I know you're a little bit about your business, you're a network marketing business, right? Right. You're selling wireless services, cell phones, people who start making money. So how are you, and you're a little bit about your lead generation. Let's talk about how you're generating leads right now, how you're converting those leads, how you're closing them. If someone wants to come to your ad initially, what's the process you're taking through from when they see the ad, to where you're closing the sale, to where you're selling back-end stuff, or whatever else you're doing? Okay, so the one is the sizzle card. Which I have a copy right here. Okay, you got one already. I've been sizzled. Oh, you've been sizzled. Okay. And Craig's List ads in Willamette Week. What's the Willamette Week? It's another free ad site. Okay. So we can just say free ads. And we drive all that to a little video, lead capture page. And to a phone call, to a meeting. So they watch the video and then they give you the name and email or phone, or do they call in straight from there? They're calling straight from there. What's the video? They either watch the video or call in the phone call. Okay. An intro phone call. Okay. And basically pre-qualify themselves super cool, they call us. Okay. And we just basically schedule an appointment to come to a meeting. And so far the conversion rates have been about 30%. Now is it a group meeting, is it a one-on-one meeting, or how does the meeting happen? Well, mostly you've been doing group meetings. Okay. So you get a whole bunch of people in the meeting and you get up there and talk to them and close them all ones. Okay. And that's the process pretty much? Pretty much. Okay, who sees the one blaring thing that's jumping out of me? Anyone see it? I don't sell anything before the meeting. That could be part of it, not sell anything. I didn't say a step prior, I think you're dead on, but a step prior to that. So the first thing is you're driving people from a Craigslist ad, a sizzle ad, and they're watching a video and then you're telling them to call you, right? Okay. The one thing I'm seeing is what happens to all these people who look at the ad, they're interested, they come and watch the video and then they leave. You're here from ever, right? So I think the biggest thing, a huge piece of the pie is driving people from here to some kind of landing page where you get the name and email address for them to watch the video. Because what happens then is they watch the video, and I don't know if you guys are here when we're talking about this or not, but the average person, and this was a study taken like 10 years ago, takes them seven times watching or going to your website before they're confident enough for them to buy from you. That was 10 years ago before all the noise is happening now. So if someone comes to a video and they see that, and you say you're getting 10 leads a day or something like that, which means there's probably 50, 60 people a day or more, they're looking at and leaving and never coming back. Whereas if you somehow got their name and email address in exchange for them to watch the video, you can start following up them. Every single day, send them an email, send them an email, send them an email, keep talking about it, talking about the benefits, showing them why this company is so great, why the benefits, all these kind of things. And it gives you a chance to start a drip campaign, that person, warm them up to you, warm them up to your personalities, so that when they see this video, that person is more warmed up, more likely to call you. It makes the phone call, everything else along the way so much easier because they've built the relationship with you. We guys here, we were talking about the personality and marketing stuff. Yeah, that was very interesting. Yeah, so you start building up that personality with you guys and them and it makes them want to get on the phone with you or they want to come to your seminar, they want that kind of stuff because you have built up this attractive character in this person. That makes sense. Yeah, both of us were very intrigued when you were talking about hooks before. Because I think that's kind of what we both feel that we're missing in a way is a hook for this particular product and this particular service. And I mean the one that Brian came up with, the wireless service that pays you. And I kind of like that one but it just really doesn't have any ground for it. So yes, the hook of their business, they're a network marketing company for cell phones. Use your cell phone, you sign up 50 of your friends below, you make your cell phone bill either free or you're getting paid, right? So what was your USP? The wireless service that pays you. The wireless service that pays you. A great handwriting. Okay, what's your guys opinion on as far as USP, as far as unique selling point or for a hook line or tag line? How does that sound to you guys? There's no emotion there. It's just, no. We say this is like all the other cell phone ads? Right. So how about I said, if I said, is your cell phone company ripping you off? What would be your answer in your head? Yes, yes. Okay. So that's the one we came up with when we were listening to your recording. Is your cell phone company ripping you off? Guarantee. Is that stronger? Okay, I think I would step back. So the one thing, especially because you're a network marketing, this isn't your business, right? This is your distributors in the business, right? So there's other people out there. I would say, and again, it's hard to pull a hook like super fast. A lot of times it takes weeks or months to figure the right thing out. But if you go back to what we were talking about with the attractive character, I mean, what's your guys story? What's your story? What's your experience? Or what's something unique that's happened because of this business or something that's, how much money you saved off your phone bill? Are you getting paid to use your cell phone now? What's some kind of hook that's happened to you guys right now as a result of using this? Well, in reality, most people, yourself included, you have an iPhone, right? And it's costing you what? $110 a month just for the iPhone. And then you have to have a wireless connection as well to run your laptop, right? Well, why don't you connect it all through your cell phone and get it all through $79 a month? Okay, so for you, what's something related to you and your personality and how this relates to that as a business? Have you saved money? What's your cell phone bill right now? Absolutely. How much did you get paid for your cell phone this month? I was spending about $190 a month and it's now $80 a month. Okay. How about you? Same thing, about $110 a month for a phone bill. And now it's $80 a month. Plus, I get paid commission on my own $14 commission back. Do you have anybody in your down line or above you that their cell phone bill now, they were paying and now their cell phone bill, they're getting paid? Oh, yeah. Okay. What I would do is I would try for you guys to get to that point as quickly as humanly possible because it's going to be way more powerful when it's you telling the story. But I would make my ad something, have a look at my backwards like, here's my old cell phone bill, here's my new cell phone bill and this one's a check made out for $200 and this one's a bill for $100. You know what I mean? Because that illustrates this. The cell phone that pays you, again, like everyone's doing that as opposed to like, again, FTC may screw this over, I have no idea. But using basically your cell phone bill and then your cell phone check seems like a good contrast there. I don't know. What do you guys think? What other advice, what other hooks would you guys look at? You know, from $190 to $138? $190 bucks down to well after we get our commission from our own service is really $65 bucks a month. Why don't you just say that? Because there's so many different plans. Because if it's so good with blues right now, ask me how you could play after that and say, ask me how I cut myself on the cell phone bill and half of it, 30 years in a row. I got to see me a lot more powerful. No, not how to cut yourself on how I. This all ties back to the personality. People are going to be attracted to you, especially in the network marketing business. You want people to be attracted to you because they're going to sign up in your down line. You're going to be motivating, training, all that kind of stuff, right? So you want to be attracted to you. The company's cool, but if you tie something to the company, then it loses all the unique stuff that you're able to bring to the mix. You want to tie them to you. So what's your experience? Not how a cell phone kind of pays you, but how I was able to do this, this, and this. She was transitioned now, it's like, well, crap, I don't know how you did that. Because that's tying it back to you, now they're going to come to you and look to you. You know what I mean? It was free work in large, online sales, and talk for free. Oh yeah, that could be one. Talk for free, unlimited, or... What are the other slogans? See, I'll just even play off of some of the other cell phone companies. They have like, roll over minutes. Instead of roll over minutes, we'll give you free minutes. I like that I did that concept of talking for free. Is it something like sign up three and it's free? Sign up three and talk for free. You could probably say something like that. Sign up three and talk for free. That's more sexy, I think. Because then it's like, crap, I don't know three people. The bottom thing could be, do you know three people that use cell phones or so all your calls could be for free? Something like that, I think, would be a lot better. Because that's not something tangible in their head. They're like, crap, I can do that. Share? Yeah, share might be a little better than sign up. Sign up makes you think, I gotta sign someone up. I don't want to be that guy. But seriously, if you know three people that have cell phones, you can make me all your calls for free. That's a big hook. I know, I'm sure you guys know ACN, the company. I dislike the way that they market their products and I don't agree with it. They do a lot of front-loading. Yeah, well, Kay, I feel horrible the fact that I'm using this as a good example, because this is why I hate the company. But when I was there at one of their meetings, I liked going all the meetings to see the thought process and the sales process. But one thing they always harped on was basically, you know, in Idaho, I don't know if you say them everywhere, but Quest is a big phone company here and the pitch they were doing was, call your buddy up and say, hey, do you like Quest better or me? Like, well, I like you better. Okay, then sign up for my phone service instead of Quest. And they said, don't ever sell the product, sell the relationship. Which again, I don't agree with at all. But I think if you come back to this and think kind of similar concept is, look, you're paying AT&T this much money, instead you can be paying that much money to yourself just by signing up. Or by, you know, if you know three people cell phones, you just bubble, bubble, bubble on there's your pitch. You know what I mean? Okay, I think that's a good thing. Now, as far as, how are you guys duplicating this right now? Because that's the big thing that we're marketing is how to duplicate it. What are you guys doing outside of your own recruiting campaigns for other people? Outside of our own? Because anyone involved in MLM, you all know that you don't make money by signing up people. Send out cards I got on the first day and I signed up. I think more people than anyone's ever signed up. We set a big company record. And then there's no, there's no duplication. So I was like on the big paper, how much money I made and blah, blah, blah. And then I was never on it again. Okay, until we learned how to come back down and teach, teach these people how to distribute and how to teach those people. That's kind of your whole growth happens from here. So that's the big, the big, and this is what bothers me about all the network marketing gurus on the internet. They always teach you, we sign up, 8,000 people are in our program, which isn't hard to do, but it's getting those people to sign up by the people which is where you make your money in network marketing. So for you guys, what are you doing to get the spill or to get the duplication? You said the word spill. Okay, that's crap and you know it. You know it and I know it. They're spilled, but no, no, but they tell people to bank on spill or make some lazy. So how are you going to get this person to be able to copy what you're doing? I'm sure there's spill over in the plan. I don't want to know the comp plan. I'm saying how are you going to get somebody else to model this? Because you can get leads like this like crazy. How are you going to get that person to duplicate the system? That's what you make your money. Okay, well the way I was going to do it was, you know, first tell them, show them they need a Gmail account. For the, for, they need something that's got good deliverability. Gmail's free. The beauty about a Gmail account is you can import your contacts from any other email account. So I wanted them, if they're going to sign up with us, they've got to import at least 50 contacts into their Gmail account. Then they're going to break them up into blocks of 10 and I'm going to teach them how to do that. They're going to put in their signature line, a link to the video. And they're going to call up all those 10 people and say, you know, I started a new business. Did you get the email? I want to show you my new email address. Open up the email. Just click on that link on the bottom and it puts them right into the video. It's a three minute video. When they get done and say, who do you know that's got a cell phone? Who do you know that likes to make some extra money? And if they volunteer, yes, it's them. Great. Come to the meeting. If they don't volunteer themselves, well, who do you know that's out of work or whatever? And so it's a no pressure sale to do that. Then the other thing was we were going to give them sizzle cards and tell them go to some of the network meetings. Go to a meetup. There will be 25 people there promoting their business, their roofing business or whatever. Take their business cards, enter them in your Gmail, send them an email, give them a phone call, get them to go to your link, click on the video. It's all numbers game. So basically we start with online marketing and their friends and family, and then we take them offline. The structure in the comp plan is three by three by three. So you only need to fill up your three and then help your three to get their three. And that's the way it flows down. Okay. So what I would say, and this comes back to everything else we're talking about today, because the problem you're going to find, and I've gone through this process before, anyone that's pitching MLM traditionally like MLM, you're going to get kickback because the city started before you. You're going after the company. Here you're going after, I mean the model is not bad. What I would say is again all the good network marketing gurus, and I don't mean like the gurus who are selling themselves as gurus, but the guys who are actually big builders in each of the different companies and stuff like that. All of them come back to what we talked about earlier today, which again I'm not sure if you guys are hearing or not, but the whole personality and their business, where they're positioning themselves as some kind of guru, some kind of figurehead, and you kind of become the king of the top of the mountain. And again, most of our marketing is you can't have a back end. If I was to call all my send out cards leads and some coaching, they'd kick me out of the company. What you can do again is you can bring it out here. Like we do send out cards meetings. We're having a meeting in January, we're bringing all of our distributors here to a thing, we're teaching them our system, they go back out and they do it. And then we're bringing them here, and so we're doing the same kind of back end coaching, but again because I can't charge for the coaching, but we're getting the coaching because they're in my down line, and they're bringing this thing and the personality is what gets these people excited. What gets them motivated, what gets them recruiting, what gets them doing things, what gets them new ideas, which is giving them stuff that's giving you the whole fuel. If you get someone signed up to a company and they're focusing on a company, and they're in the down line of the company and all that kind of stuff, they lose their passion very, very quickly. Anyone here, anyone here, who's got to do a process at all? The network marketing is all about personality, it's all about passion. People sign up not because they believe in the company, not because of the comp plan, not because of the circles and the squares that everyone sells on the whiteboard. I've never met someone that ever signed up for a network marketing program because, holy crap, look how great this comp plan is. It's because this guy is the guy who's going to fall in my hand, I believe in this guy, I trust this guy, and that's the person they're signing up with. That's the reason why they produce for you. Because you're a leader and they follow leaders, and if you're a leader, like I said, people are going to follow you. J. Abraham, if you guys know J. Abraham said, he said one time he said, so the people are silently begging to be led. If you're the ones that stand up there and lead this pack of people, that's going to get people to follow you. That's everything we talked about today with all the personality marketing. People are silently begging to be led. If you'll stand up, people will follow you. If you come back and try to let the company stand up, the whole thing is going to collapse on top of yourself. So you're back and again, it's going to be having something where you guys are out there and people are coming to you. The way we're doing it right now locally, I don't know if you guys are trying to go more nationally as well or just locally right now, but we're doing workshops here where people come, and a lot more of the traditional MLM thing. You come in, people come, they hear the speaker, they all sign up, they bring their friends back next week, they all sign up. That's the kind of distribution that's easy to do, and you can replicate the same thing online with your video. You've got all the pieces here you need, but making something where people are coming to you, they're following you, because after a while they're going to tell their 50 friends, and you're going to be out of people. Now what? If you're not there saying, this is the next thing, this is the next thing, this is the next thing, and you're leading them, those people are going to disappear and be like, well, crap, I'll talk to my 50 people, I don't make any money, I'm done. I'm sure you guys have seen it. So I say the core things you guys need to look at, first off, having a landing page so you can follow up with people. Second off, branding yourselves as a group, and branding yourselves as the whole opportunity, to follow you guys, that's the opportunity, and keep adding more things to this so you can teach people how to use, because the duplication is where it dies. If they don't have ideas of things they can do, it starts crumbling really really quickly. The other network markers in the room agree? They've done it? What else? What other questions do you guys have, or what other things? I think you covered it. I really did. Set ourselves up as a group. At the end of the day, you are always the product. Doesn't matter what the product is, at the end of the day, you are always the product. You're the one they buy. That's true. Another thing is that comes back, and you were talking about earlier, doing co-ops and stuff like that, because again, most of these guys are never going to be able to run a paper click ad, never be able to run half the internet stuff you guys are learning that you know, but that's where co-ops work well. They have a bunch of these guys, you don't know how to do it, chip in some money, they fund the media for you, you do the stuff and hand it back out at the lead. That's what we do in our companies. I generate leads, people pay for the leads, and I'm closing and signing them up, and I don't have to do any of that kind of work, because I'm going to generate leads. That's kind of my position in my down line, is I generate leads and hand them out to these guys to close. They make money and I make money, and it's a great situation. I think that's usually the situation for the guru, is to be the lead generator, because most guys are going to talk to a couple of people and get burned out really, really quickly. If you can generate leads, hand them out. These guys will pay for leads all day long, because again, you're the guru, and these people are going to come, and they're going to dump money into that. Do you do a lot of co-op stuff then? That's kind of what we're moving towards. But I was just going to say a story from Angolite. Let me get a mic for the story. Oh, I want to make sure we get stories on. Tell me if you think this would work. There's a guy named Brian Finale, who's a big internet MLM guy. He works with Mike Dillard a lot. But he always used to tell a story of the reason he got a ton of people to sign up with him was because he had a lot of leads and they'd ask him, are you successful yet? And he'd say, no, but I have tons of leads, so just join me and we'll call them all. That was all it took for him. And then the other idea is, like you said, it's three by three. So what I'm thinking of doing is you can't sell them coaching after they come in, but if you sell a spot to join, you can sell them coaching after they come in. But if you sell a spot to join, your next group of 10 or 5 or whatever it is that's going to duplicate and almost force them to duplicate by paying you to join, committing money to spend on advertising for lead generation, and then having a system that you use to do that, I think you can make money off of it. And then you can let them do the same thing if they can charge people $500 or whatever to be a part of their next group. So you almost turn each person that you're going to work with personally into a coach and work with them for... That's kind of the direction I'm thinking of going. I agree with people hard to do that. That's really smart. I'm going to sign all you guys from AMLM now. Now you know how to do it. Yeah. Just choke it, kind of. Yeah, I want to do it today. Unless you guys want to sign up for it. I haven't sold anything for a while. Yeah? Who here wants me to pitch you guys on my stuff? Just kidding. Okay, thanks, you guys. Thank you, Rosa. Okay, who else wants to have a shot up here? Okay. Okay, you start talking about business, I'll do the racing. Okay. So, with the baseball business, I mean, you saw the start of it before. I went with Straight Micro Continuity. I had a membership site before that I just sold right into a membership, but I made it into the micro continuity. So I've got the... Straight by the book, really, with my number one secret. And then here's the secret, and here's my offer. And what I have for my offer right now is I have... Do you want me to draw it then? Definitely. I'm a visual alert. If I can't see it, that doesn't make any sense to me. All right, so we have the opt-in here, and then the free seating. The free CD, the seven success secrets of baseball is all-time best. And one bonus is my... Actually, my dissertation, because I'm really trying to get this lead. I mean, my doctoral dissertation, I interviewed Hank Aaron, Rod Cruz, Dan Musil, Karya Strimpsky, and Tony Oliva, and I give him a PDF of that whole thing. I know there's better ways to monetize that. In fact, here, an opt-in is the write-up with Hank Aaron, which is just... It's an unbelievable interview. He laid out what he did, and it's just like jaw-dropping what he did. And so, I mean, in terms of a mental game thing, he laid out what he did in like 15 minutes into it. He said, you know, this is the most important part about hitting, but no one has ever asked me this before. And here's how he did it. You know, here's his like all-time home run leader, all-time total base leader. How'd you do that? And he told me. That's... I'm giving that away here. Actually, right now, if you go to Baseball Success Secrets, it says, click here if you're a player, click here if you're a coach, click here if you're a parent. And then each one takes them to their own landing and their own sales page that then brings them to the same microcontinuity course. Very cool, right? So... We talked about this earlier with the female product. He's shifting. So if you're a parent, here's your sales channel. If you're a coach, here's your sales channel. If you're a player, here's your sales channel. That's beautiful. Right, so they all go really to the same exact course. So here's the CD plus the dissertation plus the bonus, which is two weeks free in this. And what I've gotten out of this is that I'm putting way too much in here. I miss somehow missed the 20-minute thing. And I'm like, each of these could be a month on their own. I mean, it's really turning into an awesome course. It's just like, oh, man, this is like too good for what I'm doing. What I'm missing is I don't have my autoresponders set for these people that turn this down. But then they go to... Then they go to a $97 bundle of other products that I've had. And if they say no to that, then there is a $47 version. If they say yes, I've got $147 a month coaching call. And this is where I've really fallen down, because people aren't going for that. And I haven't really tried anything else. What happened was that I did a launch. I had got joint venture partners and did a launch and got up to 170 members, really maxed out at 200. And then I started losing them. I always started doing...I was busy with other things with my business, which mostly is executive coaching, working with executives and their work teams. And people started... I was using one shopping cart here, and people weren't getting their emails with the content. So they were getting banged for $27 and not getting anything. And for some reason they didn't like that. And so I was getting phone calls and emails saying, hey, you charged me for this and I didn't do that. And it was good training, like toughening me up for what it takes, but not what I'm committed to. So I'm in the process of shipping to Aweber plus using send out cards. So at the start of each month, send them a card with the four URLs for that month in it so that I can make sure that they get it. If they opt out, it's because they didn't like it or something, not because they felt ripped off. Didn't you use WordPress wish list or make a membership site that'll drip your content? I don't have that. No, I use... What's the name of it? I don't know, another one that is... No, just a site builder kind of thing that I know how to do. I don't know how to do the drip content. WordPress wish list is a cool software. It's like $100 and you plug it into WordPress and it'll make a membership site where you say week one, give them this info, week two, and so you can load that way. And then you can make a membership site as well. We had the same problem with autoresponder delivery, so we switched over to... We have our own system we made, but the same kind of concept where it's membership sites they can always log in and see, because we had the same problem. I didn't get the email, I didn't get this, I didn't blah, blah, blah. Right, so that would be good. And where I'm headed now is to actually to farm that out. To just say, oh yeah, here tech person, do this, put this in there. Instead, I'm doing it all myself. So it's great, I've spent time the last few years learning how to do that, making it set up an autoresponder. I can do every single thing here. I did all myself. Which is great, but then it's not great. Because... How are you anymore people can do all of this? I can't help it. And where I've really then, what's really missing here is traffic. Because you can start to say, okay, well, what are your numbers? And... This, the player one, is converting at like, it's got about a 25% opt-in, and... like a 15% buying. But these are terrible. There's like, one of them is like, old from my last 72 at even opting in. And so it's, it's time to make an adjustment, and I just haven't done it. And so, because of a lot of it, I just get, I've got so many different things I'm trying to do. And so that's one of my things, is I need to have a technical person to just say, well, even though I could do this, I am going to pay someone to do it. Yeah. Because I ought to be doing something else. What I, where I'm headed is, particular with joint ventures, because nobody looks, everyone will say, well, the mental game is awesome, most important. How important is confidence? Nobody's looking for it online. There's no terms. But they do buy bats. That's like the number two keyword is baseball bats. And they go online, they shop, and then they buy bats. So where I'm headed is to hook up with people that sell bats. Very cool. And then say, well, you can offer this Hank Aaron report, and then your JV and, because I can give them content, which is the very thing they don't have. There's something to say. They can say, well, this bat now is on sale for this, but so, so there. What I feel like I'm, I've, what I'm missing is systematic here, systematic, technically, like, switch to A-Weber. Well, I know how to, I've spent the time now, I know how to do that. But I shouldn't do that. I should have someone else do that. So I can go and talk to bat people. And, and then it's like, oh, shift, you know, like, oh, great, thanks a lot. I want to, remember press. It's like, oh, well, there's another few days of my time where I'm not doing this. So, so there. And I know it can be better back-ended, but that's, you know, that's where I'm at. Cool. Okay. I have a bunch of different ideas. Anyone want to throw any ideas before I play with it? All right. Yeah. Are you traveling? Do you go to school? Who's been training for the first generation? No. I could, I mean, I'll, two or three times a year in the winter here, I'll speak at coaches' clinics. Cool. Are you targeting more the players of the coaches or the parents? Who would you, who would you ideal customer? Well, the ideal customer really is a parent that has one or two kids at play and they're, they want the best for their kid. I just want the best for my kid and I want to give them the best. And so where this is actually gone with the course is I ended up, you know, I ended up rethinking and think deepening my whole understanding of what is important. So these seven secrets became the most mental game things. I've broadened it out because I've got, I've had clients like big lead guys that we got them really confident but there was a physical flaw in their, like in their swing and in their strategic approach. And so you need that too. It's not a mental game, great mental game, we might get you third base but that doesn't change the score. So you need the rest. So I'm, I re-rethought all of that. I'm just about excellence in baseball. And so for the parents, my pitch is here's the things you need to know. I've got a great interview I did with a guy about arm care and a mechanics guy and a conditioning guy. I'll do an interview with a nutrition guy. So it's really baseball excellence. And so the ideal is the parent because he's got the money. The coaches don't have that, don't have somebody, the deepest wall in it's a parent. Is the parent the one that had the most conversions or was it the player? But the sample sizes aren't big enough. But it's big enough to know that I got to change these two. I mean, I'm not going to wait around to do that. So my ideal I think is a parent because the way the course is really it's also for them. I'd say, hey parent and coach don't think that this is just for your kid. This is success training. These are success secrets and that go across the board. And the best way to be your best parent is for you to actually do these things not just say Johnny should do them but for you to have a vision for you to do your breathing and your posture and your and the tapping that I teach that helps clear out emotional blocks. So you need to be great in order for you to be who you need to be for your kid to be great. So I'm trying to trying to take that all in that it's all in the same with the coach particularly with the coach say, where do I start with the mental game program? Well, you start with yourself. You have to be the the change you want to see in your players. Yeah. That's what I sometimes wonder about am I trying to bite off too much? The question I was going to ask is who or what's your attractive character in this? How are you positioning yourself right now or is there someone else I do stuff. Myself, I write a lot of emails. I've done a lot of Matt fury stuff and I write with that in mind where he teaches it where it's like something happened. My email last week was white socks scandal and it turned out it was about my daughter's white socks that I couldn't find and I was looking for black socks but the white socks were right there so telling personal stories like that. Very cool. Definitely me but I don't have like Dr. Tom I haven't played it up very extensively. I've just been writing You are actually I have a PhD it's really an education specializing in sports psychology. Cool. I've been playing with that a lot. Who here when he was telling the story about Hank Aaron at first who here wanted that crap bad? How much of that do you stare in the videos on the squeeze page and stuff? Some. I'm still like I'm selling my number one secret and we'll see that's the thing and that's what the obvious thing and I know this already but you can say it anyway but the players they're getting the Hank Aaron special report the coaches are getting a a piece of a tele-seminar I did on the Metal Game of Coaching and the parents are getting an article about how to be a great parent these guys are the only ones getting the Aaron as the opt-in and that's the ones that are opt-in. When you said I don't even care about baseball and I was like I'm going to go on opt-in because I want that I want you guys to do the same thing I would make that the driving fuel this entire back even pretty here talking about pre-framing and that kind of stuff when you're coming to JVPartner you're coming posting articles or anything you're doing pre everything I think that would be the story I led with most of you guys would love to know who here would know what Hank Aaron went with and start telling the whole story and when you said right there three minutes into it he told me I was just like what the crap stop tell me what that is if you make all this pre-stuff is that right there tell that story and then you stop and if you want to know what it is click over here and you can actually download the interview from here you can make that blog post article all that kind of stuff driving to here and make that I think for all three of these guys that's going to be the most interesting thing and the whole micro-continued process is good the free video reveals that kind of stuff but when you have a piece that's that powerful I might tweak stuff around the free something about the Hank Aaron thing because that was very exciting and again I would re-emphasize in this video here tell the exact same story you just told us and say you know on page 36 and I even hold the report page 36 here I reveal the secret if you wanted to just give us your name and email address or something like that because that was like such a cliffhanger I think that would pull people through this process all three of them so much faster and get people more into that whole movement I would even I don't want to make that your core product is that what you're selling here your dissertation you're giving it away the whole thing how big is it how many pages 304 it's like transcript of me saying well Stan Mujul what were you doing you hit 331 for 23 years how did you do that and he said well I did this and I said well don't tell me more about that instead of just saying I don't want to pitch at a time it's like an hour where he lays it out I will say your best stuff you're hiding is bonuses I might bring out your pot of goals bring it up top and say here's the Frank Aaron thing you get that for free when you sign up or I don't know a digital I don't know something I would break that thing into like more of your core thing because that's that's super unique because what I don't even have for sale is I actually I have them now on on CDs I mean you can actually listen to me talking really? how many CDs are there well there's one CD per how many guys do it there's Oliva Mujul, Yastrimski and I you know what I also have is Pete Rose he wasn't part of the dissertation but I have I can tell you about you know so that's where I wondered if I just got caught up in all I got to do the model when that's really what I have the model I present is like here's a great thing but definitely tweak it to fit in in fact we had one lady here at our last workshop I loved her she was so fun every time she would do something she's like okay is that okay Russell can I do that this isn't like a science this is an art I can tell you that story first off and the pieces of stuff you have I might tweak it around and make that kind of I mean I still can't wait for you to flip around or here's the little thing you get plushed and get in the CD of me so it's not going to be a huge change as much as just flipping around what the actual offer is because that especially if you're seeing right here I wonder if that's the reason why I'm working with her because that's a sexy story they're excited and every time you're doing a JV with someone or you do a radio or anything you're doing you can tell that story that's one of your parables and then you cut it off I don't wish we had time right now to go over exactly the answers I don't but you can get it for free on my website just go to www.whatever.com and pick it up and I know all of us I felt that when you were saying I just felt this part of me was going like yeah it would really help you like being in a limbo what is it I don't want to take other people's time I know but you understand the concept so I would say that's going to be your biggest thing that's a sexier offer through the whole thing and I think and your doctor is in he goes back to the thesis that comes back to your whole branding overall I'm the doctor this is why I worked full time with the New York Yankees as their sports side guy and with the Rangers and I got pictures and stuff but I don't I haven't really exploit that as much as possible because many people don't be home anymore well how about then if you're saying that how about the whole thing is for hitters as opposed to baseball especially since in terms of targeting people they I was talking to a guy from Wilson and they sold 50,000 bats in Florida alone just Wilson and they're like the number 4 bat company so in terms of targeting people because I picture I mean everyone buys a glove but there's nothing else that distinguishes someone else but I can target hitters because they buy bats so I could do the whole thing just as for hitters you might just tweak that back here I wouldn't redo anything as much as just tweaking the front end messaging on the front end landing page towards that if you want to learn from the greatest hitters in the world this is what I learned from Hank Aaron blah blah blah give me your stuff and start pushing them through and that's going to be huge because that's an exciting thing that's something you can go back to I don't know if you ever hired a PR company they could pitch that on radio you could be on radio stations all across the country every single day of the week telling that story and cutting them off and driving them to here all day long so this is a sexy story next thing I want to talk about real quick I wanted to talk about this piece right here have you sold any of these yet? one that sucks Hank, he needs to fulfill on it the worst thing about selling the back end I don't want to talk about this this is hopefully going to be beneficial for all of you guys because a lot of you guys are not going to be as ambitious as me not going to build a call center who here does want to build a call center? you guys are crazy had I known so a lot of you guys don't want to build a call center that's okay you can still sell a back end selling it in an up-sell down-sell process is difficult but the one nice thing about the way he did it is he's making it very aware of people what it is if someone is buying this thing they go through this process and they see it even if they don't buy it now they're aware of it I sell a lot of stuff in my up-sell down-sell process I have no intention of ever selling outside of wanting people to be aware of it the reason why is because there's really good ways you can sell these type of programs that are tough to sell $150 a month program online it's very easy to sell something like that on a tele-seminar or on a webinar or something outside of normal traditional marketing what we talk a lot about is it comes back to states and trances and things like that but people when they're sitting at home and they're on their computer they're in their little box here and they're very safe they're in this place and they're typing their computer and they feel very safe and they're very protected and their credit cards are right there and they're kind of in their zone and they may look at something and say I'm willing to spend $10 for this or $50 for that but they're in their comfort zone they feel very much protected and a lot of just power there so you need to know when you're selling something to somebody is realize the state someone's in realize the city on their computer and if there's a huge radical change it's not going to happen because they're sitting there in this cubicle in their box behind their computer and so the best thing you need to do and there's tons of psychology of influence and a bunch of the psychology books if you study them the best thing to influence someone's decisions is to get them out of the state that they're in that's why if we can take someone and bring them to a seminar so we do a big huge seminar we have 500 people that would do the selling and they're looking around there's a lot of social proof if you see me speak before if you get there you get in front of a room like that you start selling and you do your clothes and what happens is you'll see 10 people pop up and then other people look around and they pop up and there's a lot of social proof and you start getting these big huge table rushes and a whole bunch of really cool stuff happens because of the environment that person is different people that would never buy a $2,000, $3,000, $4,000 package in their life would go to an event because the environment they're in is conducive to that type of selling so this environment is not conducive to high ticket selling I don't sell very much stuff online that's over $100 to $1,000 anything that's above $1,000 is very hard to sell online but if I can take that person out of their desk and figure out some other way to sell them if I can bring him to an event and sell him something if I can get him on a tele-seminar and sell him something if I can get him on a webinar, something else like that it pulls him out of the state that they're in and it's a thousand times easier to sell that person something obviously a seminar is probably the best the second easiest is probably a webinar because you've got someone visually that's watching the computer and listening at the same time and the third best way is probably a tele-seminar because they're just listening with their ears but if I was to do this, I would make them aware that they see the program here but if someone else would have a tele-seminar or webinar or something, we'd get all your subscribers on them and you do an hour-long training talking about all the benefits all this kind of stuff and then you pitch something like that and that's when you're going to get 10 people, 20 people, 30 people to sign up when I talked about my first backend with Philly at Bootcamp and that's how I sold it and it wasn't like I had a huge, great strategy for how to sell I used to do a tele-seminar had a couple hundred people sign up for it I just told them some case studies, what I had done what I was going to teach them about and I said whoever wants to buy, go to this website and buy and a whole bunch of people went and bought but if I were to put that online and send an email out here's a thousand dollars, go check it out it would have been difficult for someone to go and buy that if I were to send out for that $5,500 program we sold we sold five of them if I were to send an email out to my list and say I'm going to get a link, I never resold any of them so what I did is I took someone from their state they got an email from me and said hey Russell, call this number or hey, whoever, call this number and they said okay picked up their phone, they called the number, boom they're out of their comfort zone, they're listening to me on the phone and now they're more listening to me because they're not sitting on their computer checking 15,000 things does that make sense? so you might figure out ways to break someone's pattern pull them out of where they're at so then you can sell to them in a different way so anything high end like this and that's why our call center does so well you get a call from your desk, kitchen table, wherever you're at you pick up the phone and boom, you're in a different state as opposed to you sitting behind your computer cursing me out on email you notice how tough people get women on email behind their computer hiding it's amazing so figure out different ways to sell the high end programs and again it could be a call center, it could be a seminar it could be a tell a seminar something that pulls them out of their normal state normal patterns and that's where you're going to sell someone I can certainly see the webinar one question I had even coming in was what would be a way to start someone paying like if I'm going to have an affiliate manager who is also going to make these calls what would be a way to compensate that person, I mean it's great question, so what we do he's asking how we compensate our affiliate managers from this side back here we pay our affiliate manager salary plus I pay him $3 for every free CD he gives away so that's kind of a incentive for him to call a lot of people and set up deals because he's getting his normal salary plus a percentage of this so you're using some kind of is he like an affiliate so it's tracked through any sales that come through any of our affiliates he gets paid on them because I know he's the one calling setting up the deals that kind of thing so he gets credit for all the affiliates any sales coming through the affiliate channel he gets paid on them so back here the way we pay our sales guys upstairs it's going to be different depending but we pay our sales guys up to 20% depending on volume so if you want someone to go out and call you can say hey I'm going to pay you 15%, 20%, 18% that's usually the range we try to look at 15% and 20% normally what a sales person will earn commission on something like that you can tweak however you want the better the deal you give them the more likely they're going to call and sell and all the other things that might happen this worked really well for us we put people on a tele-seminar they had a register for it it was a five webinar it was like 60 minutes long at the end of it I pitched hard and we sold a whole bunch of people from it we took back this list and said who was on this webinar but didn't buy and then we had a couple guys call people who were on the webinar didn't buy and most of them, not all of them but a lot of them, there was a reason why they didn't buy it wasn't like a whole bunch of reasons I was confused about this they went and doubled our sales just by following up they doubled our sales just by calling the attendees plus you're learning what the objections are that you then put into a webinar tie back into your self presentation so right, because that's what I would really like to do is run this out because that's my passion but it's not really the best market if I was just going after if I was really picking for that I would go golf like this morning I woke up and I designed a whole business for what I could do in golf and so then I would have like a VP of golf maybe a VP of baseball and start and just keep building those things out and then having a guy or a person that would be like in charge of that process really good book if you guys want to learn about how to build sales teams that are all commission based chat homes are a book called The Ultimate Sales Machine he talks about his entire business he's a whole organization of hundreds and hundreds of people he doesn't pay anyone to paycheck everyone across the whole board is all commission based he structures everything from the very get-go to the very end where this person gets percentage of this and this person gets this and so this sales person gets this and this and so that way he never pays a paycheck to anyone long away unless the sales are happening so if he has a bad month he writes a little cheques people he has a great month he writes big cheques people but there's never any risk on his side he talks a lot about how he structures kind of his deals and his businesses but you do the same kind of thing and come to someone they're going to be willing to hustle and make some money because they can make a lot I mean people can make $100,000, $200,000, $500,000 a year in your program if you structure it commission based but if they're doing that it means that you're making boom, boom, boom on top of it so look at- multiplying that by having more- 10 different people you have any other questions at all? no I'm just what I'm kind of left with there is just the idea of making it a hitting thing I mean I could certainly do a pitching one just as easily is it worth niching it that tightly? I think the first thing I would do is just shifting to the focus of it being your story, your story personally in the Hank Aaron thing I would drive that first and from there you can niche segment it down but I think that's going to cast wide net because you're already in a small niche anyway and it casts pretty wide net but I would first go just the Hank Aaron thing try that process and start niching down so, okay great, cool thanks thank you we've got one or two ideas from when we talked about him for your own business couple you guys, good