Thank You!!
Thank you for investing in my "S&D" Library Volume 2. You hold in your hands the
ULTIMATE shortcut (actually 12 shortcuts) for quickly creating marketing campaigns that
attract prospects like the Pied Piper. You'll never again struggle to come up with fresh,
NEW ideas for marketing your business or be disappointed with the results of a marketing
promotion in which you invested a lot of time and money.
The POWER of SAD Marketing
I have a confession to make: my best ideas aren't always mine. They're borrowed. The
phrase I use is "S&D" (swipe & deploy). The idea of "S&D" marketing is that every idea out
there is fair game for us to take and tweak and use to market our businesses.
This is not a new idea. Drive through windows are a great example. The banking industry
was the first to employ drive through windows. Today drive through windows are used in
many other industries that took the idea and used it to grow their own businesses. That's
the essence of "S&D" marketing.
It's also a great illustration that proves the best ideas are found by looking outside your own
industry. If you do what everyone else in your industry is doing, you'll get the same
mediocre results...but if you "S&D" great marketing ideas from other industries and use
them to promote your business, you'll stand out from the crowd and probably see better
than average results.
Let me be clear though. "S&D" does not mean to plagiarize ideas. It means to take ideas
used in other industries, tweak them for your own use, and deploy them to market your
business. "S&D" marketing is a great shortcut. Why reinvent the wheel when you can take
a great marketing idea from one industry (a letter, postcard, print ad, etc.) and figure out
how to use it in your own marketing?
What's 	Included 	in 	this 	"SAO" 	Library...
Inside this "S&D" Library, you'll find 12 time-tested, proven, money-making, ready-to-use
marketing promotions. These promotions have been used in dozens of industries and you
can use them to promote your own business starting right NOW!
Each marketing promotion includes a note describing the campaign, several examples of
how it has been used by other businesses, and a real life example of the promotion. Like I
said, these are proven marketing promotions that are ready-to-use which brings me to my
final point...

-- 1 of 2 --

How to Profit from this Resource
Here's a quick and easy way to profit from this resource in three simple steps:
Step#1: Select. Choose one of the "S&D" Marketing Campaigns in this library. Pick the
one that can most benefit your business now.
Step #2: Implement. Take the "S&D" marketing campaign you selected in Step #1 and
implement it. Get it out the door as quickly as possible. Set a deadline no more than one
week from today and do whatever it takes to implement the proven, ready-to-use marketing
campaign you've selected. For your convenience, most of the campaigns include a
resource that can help you get it done fast.
Step #3: Profit. Sit back and watch the responses come in. Learn from the experience and
take notes on how you can improve. Then select another campaign and get moving.
There are enough proven marketing campaigns that you can run a promotion almost every
month and if you want to get the most value out of your investment that's exactly what you'll
do. Those promotions won't make a dime until you implement them so set a deadline for
getting your first marketing campaign out the door and get it done. You'll be glad you did.
Remember. Select. Implement. Profit. Repeat.
Dedicated to Multiplying Your Income,
& 	d 	^
Bill Glazer, Founder
Glazer-Kennedy Insider's Circle™
The PLACE for PROSPERITY™ WithOUTthe BULL
P.S. You can find more Money-Making Resources in the Glazer-Kennedy Online
Resources Center by visiting DanKennedy.com/Store.
P.P.S. As a Glazer-Kennedy Member you'll
receive a NEW "S&D" envelope each month with
your No BS Marketing Letter. One month it may be
a direct mail piece, another something to use at a
website, another a seasonal program, another a
complete teleseminar package or webinar
campaign.
1*
*
B ^ £
* # * » * * * * » '
fcceoFT*
Our goal is to get as close to handing you a Turn-
Key-Ready-to-Use Marketing/Promotional Tool as
is possible. Whenever possible, helpful vendors,
suppliers, or facilitators will be provided for your
convenience to help make IMPLEMENTATION as quick and simple as possible. 	>

-- 2 of 2 --

