Glazers |
Example of the Month
CSW/V5 4
This Top Secret sealed WS <& D" packet with your
newsletter contains a complete "Swipe & Deploy" Sample
of a tested, proven, universally applicable marketing item...
One month it may be a direct mail piece, another something to use at a
website, another a seasonal program, another a complete tele-seminar or
webinar campaign, etc. etc.
Our goal is to get as close to handing you a Turn-key, Ready-To-Use
Marketing/Promotional Tool as is possible, given there are literally thousands of
different kinds of businesses making Glazer-Kennedy Insider's Circle™
membership. To anyone who uses just one of these a year, this at least
QUADRUPLES THE VALUE OF MEMBERSHIP, and makes every month a quick-to-
moneymaking-action month.
IMPORTANT 	NOTE: 	These 	are 	intended 	ONLY 	for 	use 	of 	GKIC
Members. 	Further, 	whenever 	possible, 	helpful 	vendors, 	suppliers 	or
facilitators 	will 	be 	provided 	should 	you 	wish 	to 	use 	them.
% %
Instant # 	#
CREDIBILITY

-- 1 of 15 --

There are several factors which will influence your customers / patients / clients /
prospects decisions on whether they buy from you or not, but without a doubt,
one of the most powerful ones that Joe Sugarman points out in his book
TRIGGERS is "believability."
As Joe points out in his terrific book....
"Credibility is being believable. Does the
consumer really believe you?"
There are a lot of ways to create CREDIBILITY in your marketing messages, but
one of the best ways is to reprint articles written about you. When I was actively
marketing my System to Menswear Retailers, I purchased a reprint of the article
that MR Magazine ran about me with my Superman photo on the cover.
^
i' £__
' " 	r
GLAZER
SURVIVA 	rmmw \:
ADVE
AREYOUM
»IXi7:i;iT;:
Ml TIM
HDWTOSKYROCKE
YOUR STORE'S PROFITS
WITH BILL GLAZER'S
3-STEP BUSINESS
BUILDING FORMULA!
MnfflmmniinTi
mfifflwcrttm
*
QUI TO SAVE
THF RHAIl WORLD
TOM MRSS KSlBUCTjma
Presented Of MR Mai
Neema Clothing Peeiless USA Crown Clothing Co
Jimmy Sales/Stacy Adams Neckwear - Tuiliano
CAM Commerce Solutions ■» MAGIC International

-- 2 of 15 --

In case you're interested in the article, I reprinted it in my book, OUTRAGEOUS
Advertising That's OUTRAGEOUSLY Successful, in Appendix C (pages 305-310)
available 	at 	outrageous-advertisinR.com.
I mailed the reprint along with a sales letter to every new prospect when they
requested information about my Marketing System. I also sent a copy to all of the
3,000+ current Members (at the time) to show them they hitched-their-wagon to
the right person they were seeking marketing advice from. Although I did not
have a big internet presence at the time, today I would have also put the
magazine article up on my website to create instant credibility and believability.
But here's the really cool thing...
You don't have to wait for a magazine to do a story on you (and pray it comes out
just the way you want it). Instead you can write your own magazine story just like
the sample that is included with this month's "S & D" envelope.
AND if you don't want to go through all of the hassles of writing it, laying it out
and having it professionally printed, Gold Member, Nina Hershberger, (a.k.a.The
wallet Mailer Lady) has developed a quick, easy, and cost effective way to do ALL the
work for you.
Below and on the next page are samples of several 4-page magazine article
reprints that were created by Nina's company:

-- 3 of 15 --

9U-MMHi-H)-*x • oinBamonaau-iiaiBuiftiF-ii-
_*:"_0QDQ@OD«P€DDfl3)l>BBISSniBS
nro WrtlffiUOl wrut ih.» Did That _ 	_ 	i
OWA*
WINNER:
I-npnlr pqpa_ijtiiin<ranri tatimt,-
If 	you're 	interested,
the process works.
turn the page for how

-- 4 of 15 --

What you need to do first
1. Choose your magazine for your niche. For example below is a partial list of different Magazine
Titles to choose from:
Marketing Times Today
Business Times Today
Dental Times Today
Automotive Times Today
Photography Times Today
Executive Times Today
Financial Times Today
Contractor Times Today
Professional Times Today
Restaurant Times Today
Health Times Today
Physician Times Today
Insurance Times Today
Retail Times Today
Top 	Business 	Leaders Today
Young 	Entrepreneurs Today
2. Submit your high quality picture. Professionally shot pictures are ideal, but it can be personally
shot as long as it is high quality.
3. Submit 5 other pictures that represent who you are. They can be with your family, pets,
speaking to a group, flying a plane, having fun with friends, on vacation, etc. Whatever is
meaningful to you and shows a bit about who you are.
4. Create captions that go beneath each picture.
5. Explain what business you're in and identify what the audience is for the publication (this helps
them write the article).
Nina takes it from there:
6. (within 3 days) - They will create a custom questionnaire in Word for both the main article of the
magazine and the sidebar and will email it to you to fill out and email back. (See the below
sample questionnaire for a cosmetic surgeon). As soon as you return the questionnaire to them,
they'll begin the writing process.
7. (within 5 days) - They'll write the draft headlines for the front page. You may revise these as
necessary.
8. (within 5 days from receiving all your pictures and your questionnaire) - They'll design the
magazine
9. Once they have your questionnaire completed, they'll also write the main article and side bar
10. They'll assemble the whole magazine and send you a pdf for your review/revisions.
11. Once you're happy with the look and content, they'll print and ship your 1,000 copies and
charge your credit card for the balance due. NOTE: As long as they get the information from you
quickly, from start to finish you will have your own personal magazine tear sheet within 2
weeks.
12. They can always reprint your magazine. A setup fee of $395 will be charged for any copy
changes from the original version.

-- 5 of 15 --

Sample Questionnaire for a Cosmetic Surgeon
This is a sample of the questionnaire sent to a cosmetic surgeon. Nina's company takes his/her answers _^
and writes the articles from there. Your questionnaire will be specific to your business and the audience
you want to reach.
1. Please state your name, the name of your company, and your title as you would like them to be
printed.
2. Tell us about your background: where you grew up, education, and professional background.
3. How long have you been a doctor? How did you become interested in the medical profession?
4. What attracted you to the cosmetic field in particular?
5. What services do you offer? Why these services specifically, as opposed to the hundreds of
cosmetic options available?
6. Is there an area that you consider to be your specialty?
7. What's been the secret to your success? What do you bring to the table that others in your
profession don't?
8. What are the current trends in aesthetics? What trends are on the horizon?
9. What's the best piece of advice you give your clients?
10. What's the biggest mistake people make when it comes to their skin?
11. What's the best part about your job? The most difficult?
12. What do you see for yourself professionally in the future? Any other goals or projects you would
like to tackle?
13. Anything else you wish to add is welcome.
Sidebar 	Questions:
1. Can you address people's potential concerns about the safety of things like SmartLipo,
injectibles, and laser treatments?
2. What kind of recovery time can people expect with the treatments that you provide?
3. What's the most sought-after procedure that you perform? Does that tell you what's most
important—or most irritating—to women (weight loss, wrinkle reduction, etc.)?
4. What would you say to people who consider cosmetic procedures something only for Hollywood
celebs or the wealthy?
Here are a bunch of ways you can use these
besides a mailing insert:
• In a press release package
• As a PDF on their web page (as seen in....)
• Framed on the wall in your office
• In a coffee table in your business or JV businesses
• In a shock and awe package - either mailed out or handed in person
• Oo place on attendee chairs for credibility when speaking publically

-- 6 of 15 --

Now here is a really... really... REALLY cool
r 	t h i n g . . .
You can actually get your entire magazine article reprint for FREE, by selling
advertising space (you can see a great example on the last page of the enclosed sample)
inside your 4-page magazine reprint to companies that would either want to get
their message in front of your customer / patients / clients / prospects OR support
you as a sponsor because you are a great customer of theirs.
After all, magazines are loaded with advertising and this makes your own
magazine article even more BELIEVABLE if it has advertising in it.
"S <& D" RESOURCE:
Enclosed is a Fax Back Form with special pricing information. If you have any
questions and would like to speak with Nina about creating your own 4-page
magazine article reprint, write HAVE NINA CALL ME across the form and fax it
back to the Glazer-Kennedy offices. We'll forward it to Nina and have her contact
^ you. If you're ready to get started, simply fill it out and fax it back and Nina will
begin the process with you.
COMING 	IN 	YOUR 	April 	2010 	"S 	fit 	P" 	SEALED 	ENVELOPE:
You've 	heard 	me 	and 	Dan 	talk 	about 	how 	important 	they 	are... 	next
month 	I'll 	show 	you 	an 	easy 	way 	to 	implement 	it 	in 	your 	business.

-- 7 of 15 --

Magazine Tear Sheets
Become a celebrity instantly in your own niche. Our magazine tear
sheets are professionally designed, written and printed for you. The
magazine is 4 pages long.
Choose Your Magazine - We have the following magazine titles
available. Choose whichever one best fits your business niche.
Marketing Times Today
Business Times Today
Dental Times Today
Automotive Times Today
Photography Times Today
Executive Times Today
Financial Times Today
Contractor Times Today
Professional Times Today
Restaurant Times Today
Health Times Today
Physician Times Today
Insurance Times Today
Retail Times Today
Top Business Leaders Today
Young Entrepreneurs Today
Affluent Times Today
Hospitality Times Today
Chiropractic Times Today
Physician times today _*
I f
v>*	First-Time 	Magazine 	Package 	Cost: 	$2,497 	3Aty
(or 	$1,200 	down 	and 	$277 	for 	6 	months) 	\^V 	*
• Custom designed with your picture on the cover
• Professionally written main article and side bar article
• Custom written headlines on the front of the magazine
• 1,000 4-color. 4 page magazine tear sheets printed on magazine quality, glossy
paper stock. Finished size: 8 1/2" x 11"
• Price includes shipping to your location (US only. Additional shipping for int'l)
(see page 3 for reprint costs)
Top C_osmet_cJSi
myu-irn ruw* n*iar *%••«*»*m*»tiTf****fi
Your Name
Company
Title
Shipping Address
Phone # 	Fax#
Email (VERY important & kept private)
Website
Payment Method □ Visa □ MC □ Check (Send to MegaBucks Marketing, Inc. 725 Violet Road, Elkhart, IN 46514)
Payment Option Pay $2,497 in full Pay SI,200 & S277 for 6 months I want the S2.997 ad option
Credit Card Number
Billing Address
Signature
exp date
magtearsheets.com 	© 	MegaBucks 	Marketing, 	Inc. 	574-320-2522
magazine(5)megabucksmarketing.com • 574-262-2314 (fax)
Page 1

-- 8 of 15 --

How the process works
What you need to do first
1. Choose your magazine for your niche from the following. (Mark the one you want).
Want your magazine produced for FREE?
For S2,997 we'll design the magazine piece with 3
ads (just like a real magazine). You can sell the ad
space for $1,000 and pay for your entire magazine.
Work in an industry with co-op dollars? Use those
dollars to help pay for the magazine.
Marketing Times Today
Business Times Today
Dental Times Today
Automotive Times Today
Photography Times Today
Executive Times Today
Financial Times Today
Contractor Times Today
Professional Times Today
Restaurant Times Today
Health Times Today
Physician Times Today
Insurance Times Today
Retail Times Today
Top Business Leaders Today
Young Entrepreneurs Today
Affluent Times Today
Hospitality Times Today
Chiropractic Times Today
Physician Times Today
2. Choose your front cover picture . The picture MUST be a high quality picture. Professionally shot pictures at
300 dpi are the best.
3. Choose 5 other pictures that represent who you are. They can be with your family, pets, speaking to a group,
flying a plane, having fun with friends, on vacation, etc. Whatever is meaningful to you and shows a bit about
who you are.
4. Tell us in the space below what business you're in and identify who the audience is for this publication, (this
helps us as we write our article)
5. Email or fax both pages of this form to our office (email: magazine@megabucksmarketing.com; fax 574-262-
2314)
6. Email the pictures along with the captions for the pictures.
The Magazine Tear Sheet has added national credibility for me as a
professional marketer. We have distributed more than 10,000 inserts across the
country to financial planners, insurance agents, and attorneys. The quality of
work that you did for Delco Brokerage was the best marketing dollars I have
spent in my 28 years in business. This article tells my life story and the success
we have had over the last 5 years. HUGE Response and it made me a celebrity
in my business. - Michael K. O'Dell. Delco Financial
We take it from there
7. We will create a custom questionnaire in Word for both the main article of the magazine and the sidebar and
will email it to you to fill out and email back to us (see sample one for a cosmetic surgeon on the next page). As
soon as we have the questionnaire returned, we'll begin the writing process.
8. We'll write the draft headlines for the front page. You may revise these as necessary.
9. We'll design the first draft of your magazine cover.
10. Once we have your questionnaire, we'll also write the main article and side bar
11. We'll assemble the whole magazine and send you a pdf for your review/revisions.
12. Once you're happy with the look and content, we'll print and ship your 1,000 copies. As long as we get the
information from you quickly, from start to finish you will have your own personal magazine tear sheet within 2
weeks.
13. We can always reprint your magazine. A setup fee of $395 will be charged for any copy changes from the
original version.
m a g t e a r s h e e t s . c o m © M e g a B u c k s M a r k e t i n g , I n c . 5 7 4 - 3 2 0 - 2 5 2 2
magazine@megabucksmarketing.com • 574-262-2314 (fax)
Page 2

-- 9 of 15 --

Future Magazine Reprint Costs
1,000 $1,095 (1.09 each)
2,000 $1,320 (.66 each)
3,000 $1,515 (.50 each)
5,000 $1,770 (.35 each)
10,000 $2,145 (.21 each
Over 10,000 - call and we'll give you a quote
What are the benefits of using Magazine Tear Sheets?
Magazine Tear Sheets are definitely about creating instant credibility, authority,
believability and celebrity status. These magazine pieces are similar to writing a book.
There usually is no measurable ROI with either of these, but just saying as seen in
"Marketing Times Today" creates that celebrity, authority status. It helps you command
respect, be able to charge higher prices, and makes you more interesting to your clients.
Being written about elevates your status in your chosen niche by the mere fact that you were
written about. When you elevate your status, you automatically elevate your income. You
become the "go to" expert person.
Yes, this magazine has never been on a news stand, but neither have the industry
magazine publications that are sent free of charge, or the self published books, but they are
still magazines and books. We use top professional designers and seasoned magazine article writers with our high quality
offset printing so the final product is very high quality. And because you have a chance to fine tune the copy, the writing is
actually more accurate than something written in a news stand magazine.
Authority is all about power and the power to influence others. Before any words come out of your mouth, there is the
issue whether anyone will pay any attention to you. Having been written up in a magazine gives you the power, authority,
influence and believability that another person in your same niche would not have. It is the easiest, best positioning tool
you could have in your marketing arsenal. You don't have to change what you say and you automatically become more
persuasive and more able to close the sale if you are perceived as an expert celebrity. It beats a brochure. It beats a business
card.
Magazine Tear Sheets are far easier and less expensive to produce than a book because you don't have to do the writing
or pay high prices to have it ghost written, and the per piece price is far cheaper than a book. Even so, a Magazine Tear
Sheet can compliment a book you just wrote because your picture can be on the front page holding your book.
Magazine Tear Sheets also help you establish what you want to be known for rather than just the product or service.
You want to be known for "something" to make it easier to sell that product/service. It helps differentiate you.
Magazine Tear Sheets can add personality to your marketing. We're seeing more clients have fun with the picture on
the front of the magazine and showing personality with the pictures inside. It's all about your prospects and customers
being able to connect with you and feel they know you a bit better. We now have clients ordering a 2nd magazine tear sheet
from a different publication to further enhance their status.
Here's just a few ways to use them.
1. In a press release package
As a pdf on your web page (as seen in....)
Framed on the wall in your office
On a coffee table in your business or other businesses
In a shock and awe package - either mailed or handed in person
When speaking to lay on attendee chairs for credibility
At a networking event
At a trade show to hand out
To include when mailing or shipping out a product
"Nina's magazine tear sheets are a top-notch way to create a
strong positioning/authority piece for your marketing arsenal
They help position you as a leader in your niche and in my
opinion, they're much more effective and attractive than a
typical corporate-style brochure. Plus, the article interview
process is a helpful marketing exercise in and of itself. The
quality and Nina's attention to detail are the highest level. I
cannot imagine anybody not having their own magazine tear
sheet!" - Mike Capuzzi, Inventor of CopyDoodles
magtearsheets.com 	© MegaBucks Marketing, Inc. 574-320-2522
magazine(5)megabucksmarketing.com • 574-262-2314 (fax)
Page 3

-- 10 of 15 --

Some More Sample Covers
h « ft.* lw r-a' **w » ui 13 « r-w i»rt» J " W» «t 1» i On It omt) s II
(x cram rerlbus iioluntatias • Nonseit qolam esirum as ■ Qotdlll hiniio?
ChiropracticTime.® ^oday
Parcf 	irrn
omms adis
Occustin por
motor eturece?
\rpny* ^Plcturtn linuuchi ctyld
uw
[i ' • '. ■ ■, ( :■• ■;:::■■■ ■ "
Rum facepta:
D e i i q u i
d o l o r e !
r i o n s e q u e
empel .,»;
_tt=^ """""'1
_Sb^_I
n«_,,.„ 	TIMES T O D A Y
Fernatur _
r t 	T
. ________ fVS, 	i fl 	<-%

-- 11 of 15 --

February 2010
FOR 	LESS!
The Top 12
Methods 	the 	best
cosmetic 	surgeons
use to shave 10 years
off 	their 	patients' 	looks
PA I NTHE 	NEW
NATURAL 	CURE
BUILD A HEALTHIER 	PRACTICE:
5 	Steps To A Patient-Focused
— P r a c t i c e ^ *
OouJd 'f/Jj-jlE
B/BsikihrouQ^
py ,_$
A
^ ' ™ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ™ O
1 / 1 ^ ^ ^ ^ ™ 	•
c _ 	=- 	_ l
— = n « r o
	-1)
c/) 	; o 	W Ph	Physician Times Today: Voted the industry's finest journal 2009
p g 6

-- 12 of 15 --

New Body
Sculpting Solutio:
Lives Up T	o Nam
wm m^&rmmm
Ideal For Many Lifestyles
Everyone has one: an area of the body that no diet or exercise
routine has been able to tame, and that taunts you day after
day. For some women, it's a post-baby or menopause abdomen;
others may have great legs—except forrhe "saddlebags" that
a million leg lifts haven't slimmed. The jawline and neck is
another common area of concern, and of course exercise
can't give you back the non-existent jowls of your youth.
For men, it's most often their love handles. Not to worry,
says Dr. Christopher Peers - one of the first surgeons in the
country to be trained and use a revolutionary 3rd generation
new technology called AquaLipo®. In just one treatment, Dr.
Peers can instantly and permanently remove unwanted fat
from targeted areas on the body. •••}>
^	W	-
«* 4
Dr. Peers shows how small the cannula

-- 13 of 15 --

Traditional And 2nd
Generation Liposuction
Liposuction has been around since the 1970s.
Traditional liposuction was a brutal process
done under general anesthetic with varying
degrees of success. Lumps and uneven
contours were common.
A few years ago two new technologies
were introduced in this country: laser and
ultrasound assisted liposuction. Performed
with just local anesthetic, a skilled doctor
could produce results far superior with less
pain, less downtime, less bruising and better
results than the old method. Both methods
had their advantages and disadvantages.
But one of the biggest disadvantages of both
methods was that since so much numbing
saline solution was injected into the procedure
site during surgery, compression garments
had to be worn 24 hours a day for up to 6
weeks afterwards so the body could eliminate
all the fluid. And the final results were not
seen for a full 6 months. And then there was
the problem of potential damage from the
heat with the ultrasound technology.
3rd Generation Liposuction -
Almost Instant Contouring With Very
Little Pain: AQUALIPO™ _
That has all changed with the revolutionary
3rd generation water liposuction combined
with Smart Lipo called AQUALIPO™.
If you think of your fat cells as a cluster of
grapes...
• The doctor in traditional
liposuction went in and with
forceful jabbing just tried to suck
out the fat. A general anesthesia in
a surgery room was required.
• With 2nd generation Vaser and Smart
lipo he/she melted the fat and then
suctioned it out. Although a major
advance over traditional liposuction, final
results were still several months away.
• Now widi 3rd generation water assisted
liposuction, the surgeon uses water to
gently break the fat cells apart while
at die same time suctioning them
out. Gentle and instant results.
Patients are awake during the entire
procedure and can either listen to music
or chat comfortably with Dr. Peers and his
assistant
Simple Process With No
General Anesthesia Required
"After a local anesthetic is applied, we insert a
tiny tube called a cannula into the skin," Dr.
Peers explains.
"The only thing the patients feel is a small
pin prick (similar to being numbed by a
dentist) when the local anesthetic is applied.
The cannula we use has a hole for the water
jet spray and a second one for suctioning. We
break the fat gently apart and suction it out
simultaneously. It is the gentlest liposuction
available.
And unlike other procedures, there are no
unattractive pockets of skin or bumps left
afterwards. We finish with Smart Lipo to
tightened and tone the skin."
Water assisted liposuction produces no
heat and because of the suctioning process,
the fluid that's left in the body flushes within 6
hours. "That's a huge benefit for my patients,"
says Dr. Peers. "1 am better able to finesse the
contouring and the results become visible
almost immediately. My patients love it."
The results?
• Patients are back to work in a day or two.
• Minimal pain and swelling.
• Veiy little bruising.
• Almost instant contouring.
• Cost is a fraction of traditional liposuction
because there is no general anesthesia
or hospital/surgery center expenses.
Another Huge Benefit:
Viable Fat Harvesting
Because the fat during AQUALIPO™ has
not been altered or destroyed through heat or
puncturing, the fat can be harvested and used
to inject in other areas of the body that needs
filler - like the face or hands.
This transfer of your own body fat is called
NaturalFill™.
Unlike temporary tissue fillers and
implants, NaturalFill™ uses your body's
own fat to achieve exceptional, permanent
results, with less risk, no downtime, and no
need to return for frequent maintenance
treatments.
"As we age, the dermis beneath the skin
thins and loses elasticity", explains Dr. Peers.
"Facial lines, wrinkles and folds can develop
and cheeks can start to look hollowed and
sunken. Instead of the rosy, frill glow of
youth, your face can begin to look gaunt,
tired and old. NaturalFill™ can help."
During the AQUALIPO™ process,
pockets of unwanted fat are gently flushed
from targeted areas of your body, and the
intact fat cells are immediately harvested
and ready for transfer. Your natural fat cells
are carefully injected into selected areas to
increase volume and youthful fullness.
A Dramatic Result
Ruth Bigler was a 57 year old mother of
2 preparing for her daughter's upcoming
wedding when she decided to have
liposuction.
"1 had been going to the gym for 2 years but
still carried the belly fat. When 1 heard about
Smart Lipo 1 did 10 months of research to find
out if it was worth it and what doctor was
. ■ ■ n ■ * * . j
No procedure is right for everyone, and
a good physician will be up front about
who's a good candidate and who's not.
When it comes to liposuction, patients
should ideally be a non-smoker in good
general health and within 30 pounds
of their normal body weight. Potential
patients can't be pregnant, have a skin
r infection iat.he_pl3one.d ..treatment area,
or be on a blood thinner. If you pass
these tests and are determined to be a
good candidate, you can expect to see
results from AQUALIPO™ immediately
and continue seeing improvement as
the minor swelling diminishes.
While its bene ts are impressive, Dr.
Peers warns that individuals interested
in a complete body makeover need
not apply. "This is not a procedure
for people who are looking for a large
amount 	of 	fat 	removal," 	Dr. 	Peers
con rms. "AQAULIPO™ targets relatively
small areas that haven't responded to
diet and exercise." Some of those areas
include the neckjawline, arms, breasts,
abdomen, waist, inner and outer thighs,
and knees ■

-- 14 of 15 --

the best one to perform the surgery should 1
choose to go ahead with the procedure. In the
end 1 chose Dr. Peers from Goshen, Indiana
because of his level of experience combined
with the fact that 1 could personally speak
with 3 of his patients who had nothing
but glowing comments, explains Bigler. "It
was a nice bonus that his prices are very
competitive."
"I only wished 1 had done it sooner. But
now that I've had it done once and see how
easy it is, 1 am definitely planning to have Dr.
Peers finish my transformation with his new
AQUALIPO™".
In the News
Dr. Peers, a native of Toronto who has
received training from some of the best
schools in the world—from Indiana to
Paris, France—received his surgical board
certification in 1987 and has practiced in
Goshen, IN, for the majority of his career.
Not practicing in an area of the country
known for their hotbed of innovation and
technology, this gentle doctor's success
caught the eye of the network news
stations anyway and he was contacted
about performing the procedure in front
of live cameras. It was after his TV debut
that word about him spread and overnight
he became a phenomenon. Now one of the
country's most experienced Lipo surgeons,
he has teamed with Dr. Bassin of Orlando
Fl. Together they embrace the gentleness
and versatility of Aqua liposuction, and the
beautiful natural results of Natural Fill fat
transfer for their patients.
Their progressive techniques with state-
of-the-art equipment make Dr. Peers and
Dr. Bassin cosmetic trendsetters.
And it's not going unnoticed by the
media.
AQUALIPO™ has been featured on Dr.
Oz, Good Morning America, Fox and ABC
news. They are both sought out by the
media to help clarify advances in cosmetic
surgery and techniques.
So What Does AQUALIPO™ Cost?
Cost varies depending on how much fat
you have to be removed. The more fat, the
longer the surgery, the more the cost.
But the good news is, at $3,500 for one
area, it is far less than the traditional
method that required general anesthesia
in a hospital surgery room and weeks off of
work for recovery!
Choose Your Surgeon Carefully
It's important for patients to have all of
the facts before making a decision about
cosmetic procedures, and that includes
being sure they've selected the right
professional to perform the treatment.
The latest technology with the most skilled
surgical hands is a must when choosing a
surgeon for liposuction.
At Peers Cosmetic Laser Care, Dr.
Peers and his staff pair his cutting edge
medical expertise with a cozy, comforting
environment that puts patients at ease.
They understand that patients want to feel
comfortable with the people they entrust
their body and face to. For all patients,
confidentiality is guaranteed. It's no wonder
patients come from all over the world.
Another thing that makes Dr. Peer's
unique is his 100% commitment to the
patient.
With a staff busy on giving world class
cosmetic results, he hired a Director
of WOW to focus just on the patient
experience! Whether its chatting on the
phone, answering your email questions or
helping out-of-town patients with their
travel arrangements, there is no doubt -
this is an unusual cosmetic office.
Developing a personal relationship with
clients also allows the staff to recommend
multi-faceted approaches to solve all of a
client's skin and body needs.
More Trendsetting Techniques
Peer's Cosmetic's mission is to provide
their patients with the best cutting edge
cosmetic technology with the least amount
of downtime.
For skin resurfacing, their Affirm CO2
skin technology creates fresher looking skin
in as little of 3 treatment. Their cosmetic
lines like Jane lredale and Epionce - all-
natural cosmeceuticals proven to keep skin
healthy - keeps their patients skin glowing.
Whether it's sun-damaged skin, a double
chin, or that pesty muffin top at your
waist, you don't have to simply live with it
anymore. There are affordable options to
create a fresh new you.
Dr. Peers is available for free consultation
about AQUALIPO™ and NaturalFill™
either in person or over the phone for out of
town patients.
To discuss your needs and the options
available, call (888) 809-8051 or visit
www.WashFatAway.com ■
^_f Physician Times today

-- 15 of 15 --

