Glazer s ,
Example 	of 	the 	Month
m t 	| 	T>_Y»/>y)
Bill Glazer S %%S <& b" (swipe and deploy)
Example of the Month
This Top Secret sealed WS & D" packet with your newsletter
contains a complete "Swipe & Deploy" Sample of a tested, proven,
universally applicable marketing item-
one month it may be a direct mail piece, another something to use at a website, another a seasonal
program, another a complete tele-seminar or webinar campaign, etc. etc.
Our goal is to get as close to handing you a Turn-key, Ready-To-Use Marketing/Promotional Tool as is
possible, given there are literally thousands of different kinds of businesses making up Glazer-Kennedy
Insider's Circle™ membership. To anyone who uses just one of these a year, this at least QUADRUPLES THE
VALUE OF MEMBERSHIP, and makes every month a quick-to-moneymaking-action month.
IMPORTANT NOTE: These are intended ONLY for use of GKIC Members.
Further, whenever possible, helpful vendors, suppliers or facilitators will be
provided should you wish to use them.
%%
Webinars i t
One of the BEST Safes Tools EVER

-- 1 of 13 --

Although Webinars involve a few more steps than some other forms of media, they are DEFINITELY WORTH
THE EFFORT!
If you think you can't use Webinars in your business, you're probably dead wrong.
Below is a list of people I've spoken to within the past 30-days who have told me they are using them SUPER
Successfully.
Coaches, consultants and trainers
Information marketers (naturally....every
Info-Marketer should be using them)
Teachers
Architects
Realtors
Chiropractors
Insurance agents
Mortgage brokers
Pest control
Contractors
Accountants
Attorneys
Basically, anyone who needs to demonstrate a product or service to a large group of people could (and
should) be using them.
Here are SEVEN REASONS you should consider using Webinars as a Super
Media in your business:
1. Webinars are an effective and economical way to communicate with hundreds of people at the same
time, regardless of location, to tell them about your coaching, products or service.
2. Webinars make it easy to GRAB their attention and KEEP it as long as necessary to make a
complicated sale (ex: coaching, insurance, financial services, elective surgery, info products).
3. Webinars are a great way to build a massive email list!
4. Webinars are a great way to get the Big Players in your niche to work with you!
5. Webinars are a great way to pre-qualify prospects ...so you can spend more time and resources on
those who are actually interested in your service or product!
6. Webinars are the FAST and EASY way to create products whenever you want!
7. The BIGGEST Reason: Webinars are great ways to sell products or services. In fact, next to face-to-face
selling or selling in a seminar environment from the stage, they are the best way I know today.
This month's S&D example comes courtesy of Webinar Expert, Stephen Beck, who will be one of our featured
breakout session speakers at the upcoming lnfo-SUMMITSM*.
At the lnfo-SUMMITSM, Stephen will be presenting..."ADVANCED Webinar Tactics & Strategies"
Next you will find a ready-to-swipe-and-deploy 4-Step funnel you can use as a template for your own
Webinar. Included with each of the 4-Steps, Stephen was kind enough to include commentary to explain each
step.
n
1

-- 2 of 13 --

"S & D" (Swipe and Deploy) Webinar Funnel
^ The 4-Steps are:
1. Send three Before-Webinar Emails
2. Send a Voice Shot
3. Do a Webinar Presentation
4. Send three After-Webinar Emails
Before-Webinar Email #1 (5 days before the webinar)
Stephen's Note: The main idea of this email is to arouse curiosity and zero in on the biggest benefit to your
reader. Why should they care about this information? What will knowing this information allow them to do
(make money, save money, save time or save pain)?
This email is written from the perspective of someone who is introducing me to their list ...like an affiliate or
joint venture partner. You can change the voice to 'first person'' if you are only inviting your list to the webinar.
Subject: He Credits All His Success To This One Tool...
I have a friend who makes a high six-figure income on the Internet and he credits all his online success to
WEBINARS.
And he wants to show YOU how to do the same thing - using Webinars in your own business ...both online and
offline!
^ My friend is Stephen Beck and you are invited to an absolutely free, live webinar he's holding THIS Tuesday,
especially for you, my valued customers and subscribers.
http://www.WildlyWealthyWebinars.com/register
Using the latest webinar technology, Stephen will reveal the webinar models that have
skyrocketed his online business exponentially ...webinar models that YOU can take and use IMMEDIATELY
after the webinar!
BUT, most importantly...Stephen will reveal how you can use Webinars to EASILY and QUICKLY build a list,
create a product, land a big joint venture partner and pre-qualify prospective customers - concentrating your
precious time and marketing dollars on those who "raise their hand" on your webinar!
Plus not only will you be able to HEAR him, but you'll also SEE and WATCH it happening in real
time on your computer screen, complete with real examples and case studies! (And it doesn't matter what
connection speed you have or even if you have a PC or Mac).
The strategies revealed during this event will allow you to experience more freedom and income than you
have ever dreamed possible! Webinars are the MOST EFFECTIVE way to sell products online...bar none!
He only has 400 spots for this event. So it's a SURE BET this webinar will FILL completely.
Claim your spot here while you can: http://www.WildlyWealthyWebinars.com/register
Don't delay and kick yourself later.
Sincerely,
NAME OF AFFILIATE PARTNER

-- 3 of 13 --

P.S. - Stephen has something VERY special cooked up for those who attend the webinar LIVE. It
will be worth your while to be on this webinar, I guarantee it!
http://www.WildlyWealthyWebinars.com/register
Before-Webinar Email #2 (the day before the webinar)
Stephen's Note: In this email, I am giving more information to entice those who haven't registered for the
webinar on the first email. I include bullet points about what I will be covering on the webinar, but every bullet
point has a benefit attached.
It is important to "connect the dots" for people on the Internet. Subtle marketing does not work well in an
email because everyone has ADHD on the Internet - so keep your sentences short, your paragraphs shorter and
the "what's in it for me" in every bullet point!
Subject: Did you register for Tuesday's special event?
2nd Notice
In case you didn't see my last email, I wanted to contact you again before a FREE webinar takes place this
coming Tuesday evening.
<%
My friend, Stephen Beck, has made an extraordinary living on the Internet by using one tool in particular
...WEBINARS! That's right; he presents information to hundreds of people at a time
and recommends his product at the end of the webinar.
And he wants to show you how to do EXACTLY what he does and how he does it!
http://www.WildlyWealthyWebinars.com/register
Here are just a few secrets Stephen will be revealing...
- Why Webinars are the most effective sales tool (second only to live events) ...and how you can use them to
sell more of your products and services, consistently day in and day out!
- 5 webinar models that make extraordinary profits and give you tremendous freedom ...so you can spend
time on what matters most!
- 3 ways you can use Webinars to create an information product from scratch ...put the effort in one time and
sell it over and over and over!
- The difference between an information webinar and one that REALLY sells (it's more than what you think
...and you'll discover how confusing the two will cause you to crash and burn)
- How to use webinars to Pre-Qualify your prospects so you can concentrate your marketing efforts and dollars
on THEM ...instead of wasting time and money on prospects who will never buy from you!
- The secret ingredient to getting Big Players in your niche or industry to invite their huge email lists to your
webinar ...thus exploding the size of your email list overnight!

-- 4 of 13 --

- How a successful Internet Marketer raised his sales letter conversion from 3% to 30% using Webinars
...almost by magic!
f* Bottom Line ...On this 70-minute Webinar, you'll discover more about how to get in front of hundreds of
prospects and how to grow your offline or online business by leaps and bounds...than you've ever heard
anyone reveal before!
It's happening THIS Tuesday especially for my valued clients and subscribers.
Right now, over 250 people have already claimed their spots...which means only 150 spaces are left.
At this rate, it's a sure bet the call will be completely booked -- so make sure you register below while you still
have time!
Here's the full scoop:
http://www.WildlyWealthyWebinars.com/register
Not only will you be able to hear Stephen talking about using webinars to explode your business, but you'll
also get to SEE and WATCH it happening in real time on your computer screen, complete with real examples!
Don't miss out!
Sincerely,
NAME OF AFFILIATE PARTNER
P.S. - Some have asked if there will be a replay. Technology being what it is we cannot promise a replay...so my
advice is BE THERE LIVE!
http://www.WildlvWealthyWebinars.com/register
Before-Webinar Email #3 (the day of the webinar)
Stephen's Note: You will get best results from those who attend live, so do everything you can to entice them
to attend live instead of waiting for the replay. That is why I included a reason to attend live in the PS of this
email.
Subject: {FIRSTNAME}, only 63 spaces remaining
Final Notice
Hi {FIRSTNAME},
It's your last opportunity!
As of this morning, only 63 spaces remain for tonight's FREE webinar about "Getting Wildly Wealthy With
Webinars!" presented by my friend, Stephen Beck.
His online business DOUBLED, then TRIPLED when he started using webinars. In fact, webinars are one of the
^"EASIEST and FASTEST ways to build an online business!
Stephen will also reveal the webinar models that have increased his online business exponentially - webinar
models that you can take and use IMMEDIATELY after the webinar!

-- 5 of 13 --

This WEBINAR is absolutely free. You will be able to see and hear Stephen on your computer, but you must
register NOW to lock-in your spot!
http://www.WildlyWealthyWebinars.com/register
Here's just a few secrets Stephen will be revealing...
- How a successful Internet Marketer raised his sales letter conversion from 3% to 30% using Webinars
...almost by magic!
- Why Webinars are the most effective sales tool (second only to live events) ...and how you can use them to
sell more of your products and services, consistently day in and day out!
- 3 ways you can use Webinars to create an information product from scratch ...so you only put in the effort in
one time and sell it over and over and over!
- The difference between an information webinar and one that REALLY sells (it's more than what you think
...and confusing the two will cause you to crash and burn)
- 5 webinar models that make extraordinary profits and give you tremendous freedom ...so you can spend
time on what matters most!
- How to use webinars to Pre-Qualify your prospects so you can concentrate your marketing efforts and dollars
on THEM ...instead of wasting time and money on prospects who'll never buy from you!
- The secret ingredient to getting Big Players in your niche or industry to invite their huge email lists to your
webinar ...thus exploding the size of your email list overnight!
Bottom Line... on this 70-minute Webinar, you'll discover how to explode your online (and offline) business
using webinars!
In case our last messages to you didn't make it, we're sending this final reminder about tonight's one-of-a-kind
webinar.
You can get the full story here:
http://www.WildlyWealthyWebinars.com/register
See you soon,
NAME OF AFFILIATE PARTNER
P.S. - Webinars allow you to CRUSH your competition. They are so powerful, they should be illegal!
P.S.S. - He has something VERY special cooked up for those who attend the webinar LIVE. It will be worth your
while to be on this webinar, I guarantee it!
http://www.WildlyWealthyWebinars.com/register
-
*

-- 6 of 13 --

Voice Shot Script
Stephen's Note: I average over 20% MORE live attendees at my webinars than my competitors. That means
more sales and more money in my pocket each and every webinar! One of the reasons for this is using a
programmed voice shot about 30-minutes before the webinar. I use a company called VoiceShot
(www, voiceshot.com). Here is my script:
Hi, Stephen Beck here to remind you about our FREE Webinar called "Get Wildly Wealthy With Webinars!" The
Webinar is TONIGHT, Tuesday, (date and time)...which is in just about 30 minutes!
You can hear and see me on the webinar, just click on the webinar link in the email I just sent you. If you want
to know how to use webinars to get your message out and help more people while making more sales, then
you need to attend this webinar!
And we will be having an exclusive bonus for our LIVE attendees, so don't play hooky and wait for the replay or
you'll miss out! Be there live! We just sent you an email, so check it for all the details.
This is Stephen Beck saying "See you tonight at (time) ...which is in about 30 minutes!" And if you'd rather not
get any more phone reminders, just press 9 or send an email to steve(5)familvebiz.com
During the Webinar
Tip #1 - create a webinar presentation that gives good content, but actually makes people take action at the
end. That could be calling your office for an appointment, clicking on a buy-it button for an information
■^ product or signing up for a live webinar class. Don't make the mistake of being a popular presenter that has no
sales at the end of your webinar. My home study course will show you how to avoid that trap! I show you
step-by-step how to create a presentation that gets people to pull out their credit cards and purchase your
offer. What to say and how to say it!
Tip #2 - use the poll feature during your webinar. This will help keep your audience engaged during the
presentation. They select an option on their screen and you will see the results. You can even show the results
to your audience. It will also help your audience identify their own weaknesses as well as tell you what their
"hot buttons" are.
Example of a poll question:
What is keeping you from using webinars in your business?
1.1 don't have time to learn a new technology
2.1 don't know if webinars are right for my business
3.1 don't know if webinars are worth the effort
4. I'm not sure what to say on a webinar
Stephen's Note: Can you see how valuable this information would be to me DURING my presentation?
Tip #3 - use the exit survey function of your webinar service to gather testimonials and create a list of "hot"
prospects!
^- 	Example 	of 	an 	exit 	survey:
1. Did you enjoy the webinar?
2. What was your biggest take-away?
3. Based on what you have seen tonight, would you recommend this product to your friends and
family? Why or why not.

-- 7 of 13 --

4. Do we have permission to use your name and comments for marketing purposes?
Stephen's Note: The exit survey does two things for you. First, it gives you a bunch of testimonials that you can
use in follow-up emails (only the ones that give you permission in question #4). And second, it identifies those
who would recommend your product, or had a great take-away, yet didn't buy your product. That might be
worth picking up the phone and giving them a little nudge!
r	>
After-Webinar Email #1 (30 minutes after the webinar)
Stephen's Note: I believe it is very important to have a fast mover bonus on your webinar. Something to get a
few people to buy quickly so you can use that as social proof in subsequent emails.
Subject: FIRSTNAME, follow-up from tonight's webinar
Hi FIRSTNAME,
Stephen Beck here...I'm working on the webinar replay right now, but I wanted to send you a follow up from
tonight's webinar. The feedback pouring in has been nothing less than INCREDIBLE!
I guess webinars have struck a nerve ...everyone wants to jump right in and do a webinar in their niche!
So, to eliminate any confusion, we wanted to recap the details of the special offer I made during the webinar.
First 3 investors - we will COMPLETELY RUN your first Webinar for you! And we will edit it and upload it to
your server. All you do is show up!
First 7 investors will receive a FREE ONE-ON-ONE 30 minute Private Consultation with Stephen!
http://www.WildlvWealthyWebinars.com/go
Deadline Alert!
The deadline for my SPECIAL WEBINAR PRICE for the "Get Wildly Wealthy with Webinars" Home Study Course
will expire this Thursday at (time).
Take advantage of the low price by going here:
http://www.WildlvWealthyWebinars.com/go
Thanks again - we appreciate you spending time with us tonight!
Sincerely,
Stephen Beck
P.S. - Using webinars will give you an unfair advantage. You will CRUSH your competition. In fact, these
strategies should be made illegal!
http://www.WildlvWealthyWebinars.com/go

-- 8 of 13 --

After-Webinar Email #2 (the day after the webinar)
Stephen's Note: It is very important to give them a deadline. There must be a consequence for NOT buying
^now. Webinars make it easy to create a point-in-time EVENT that has built-in deadlines. This is very hard to do
with static salesletters. I go through all of the different scarcity strategies in my home study course,
Wildly WealthyWebinars.
Subject: Replay of Our Webinar From Last Night!
Hi! Stephen Beck here with some great news about our webinar last night "Get Wildly Wealthy With
Webinars"...we got the whole replay posted online for you.
Which means if you missed out on the live event, had computer difficulties or just wanted to watch it again,
then you can view the video of the entire event again.
Here is the link for the replay:
http://www.WildlyWealthvWebinars.com/replay
But don't forget...
You can claim your "Get Wildly Wealthy with Webinars" Home Study Course for the special LOW WEBINAR
PRICE ...but only until Thursday. And we have a 2-pay option if you prefer that.
But after the deadline, the course returns to its original price. Save by acting quickly!
OFFER DEADLINE: Thursday, December 10, at 11pm (eastern)
^"You can get that by going here:
http://www.WildlyWealthyWebinars.com/go
A comment from last night's webinar...
This is where you paste a great comment from the exit survey
Thanks again - we appreciate you spending time with us last night!
Sincerely,
Stephen Beck
P.S. - Webinars are the best sales tool on the Internet ...bar none!
» 	http://www.WildlyWealthyWebinars.com/go
Here are more comments from last night's webinar...
Again, here is where you would paste the rest of the comments from the exit survey. Use that exit survey for
maximum results!

-- 9 of 13 --

After-Webinar Email #3 (the day of the deadline)
Stephen's Note: This is your last shot at the "undecideds." Make sure you cover objections, especially the
objection that they configure the problem out on their own. Sure there's free stuff on the Internet, or books on ^
the topic in Barnes and Nobles, but how much time, money and pain will they waste trying to do this on their
own? This is the time to make your course, coaching or service an indispensible part of solving their problem.
Subject: Low Webinar Price Ends TONIGHT!
Just a friendly reminder that the Special LOW Webinar Price for my "Getting Wildly Wealthy with Webinars"
Home Study Course will EXPIRE TONIGHT!
Some of you may be thinking that you already know how to do webinars ...or that webinars are easy to figure
out.
Well, the technical stuff is a small part of what makes a successful and PROFITABLE webinar. It's how you lay
out the information in your presentation and how you craft your offer that makes ALL THE DIFFERENCE IN THE
WORLD!
And honestly, that's where I excel.
I would love to help you craft your presentation so that people pull out their credit cards and take action ...and
even the people who don't buy will come away thinking the presentation was
well worth their time.
Sales vs. Content. Not an easy balance to achieve. But I know how to do it and want to show you EXACTLY
WHAT I DO in my online webinar course.
So don't forget...
The deadline for my special LOW price for the "Get Wildly Wealthy with Webinars" Home Study Course will
expire TODAY, Thursday. Save $500 by acting BEFORE the deadline!
Take advantage of the low price by going here:
http://www.WildlyWealthvWebinars.com/go
Thanks again - we appreciate you spending time with us on the webinar!
Sincerely,
Stephen Beck
P.S. - Don't try doing this alone - it could cost you thousands of dollars!
» 	http://www.WildlyWealthyWebinars.com/go
*
1

-- 10 of 13 --

"S <& D" RESOURCE:
Enclosed is a Fax Back Form with A SPECIAL Offer to get Stephen's "Webinar Home Study Course" that comes
with a 60-Day MONEY BACK Guarantee.
This Home Study Course provides EVERYTHING you need to run your own profitable Webinars!
Stephen will show you how to create a super profitable presentation that will yield incredible sales
conversions even if you've never done this before. He will also help you brainstorm and mindmap your first
presentation for maximum content and sales.
Here's what you get:
• 	Learn 	from 	the 	comfort 	of 	your 	own 	home 	• 	How 	To 	COMPLETELY 	Run 	Your 	First
• 	I M M E D I AT E 	A C C E S S 	t o 	o n l i n e 	t r a i n i n g - N o 	W e b i n a r !
W a i t i n g ! 	• 	H o w 	T o 	R e c o r d 	Y o u r 	F i r s t 	W e b i n a r
• 	Step-by-step 	videos 	that 	show 	you 	• 	Virtual 	Assistant 	CD 	- 	You 	can 	hand 	to 	your
E X A C T L Y 	w h a t 	t o 	d o ! 	v i r t u a l 	a s s i s t a n t , 	s e c r e t a r y 	o r 	t e c h 	p e r s o n .
• 	Complete 	Layout 	Of 	Your 	First 	Webinar! 	You 	don't 	have 	to 	know 	this 	stuff 	- 	delegate
• 	P r o f e s s i o n a l 	P o w e r P o i n t 	P r e s e n t a t i o n 	i t 	t o 	s o m e o n e 	e l s e !
R e a d y 	T o 	G o ! 	• 	W e b i n a r 	S e t - U p 	C h e c k l i s t 	. . . S o 	Y o u 	D o n ' t
• 	H o t 	W e b i n a r 	R e g i s t r a t i o n 	W e b 	P a g e 	M i s s 	A n y t h i n g !
T e m p l a t e s 	• 	F o l l o w 	U p 	S t r a t e g i e s 	. . . T o 	S t o p 	L e a v i n g
• 	E m a i l 	Te m p l a t e s 	. . . To 	G e t 	M o r e 	S a l e s ! 	M o n e y 	O n 	T h e 	Ta b l e !
r Take a few minutes to read what people have said about Stephen Beck's "Webinar home
Study Course."
"Webinars have sold my info products at 30%+. Getting folks to email out for you is good. Hosting
teleseminars is great. But the absolute conversion tool is webinars. A mail shot may convert at 3%, or a bit
more if you're lucky (more likely 1% or less) but by hosting webinars I have converted at more than 30% and
never less than 10%. All I do is log in on the day and present the webinar. What could be simpler?"
Peter Woodhead, MillionDollarPublisher.com
"Webinars used to scare me. But now, Steve and Kerry have put together a course that is really revolutionary
for me. The price I could put on this information is worth 5 times the investment. I've got all my templates, all
my files, all my "how-to's"...lf you can get in on this course, do it and take action."
Carrie Wilkerson, the Bare-Foot Executive
"After my first webinar using your course, here are the results: I had 332 on the webinar at one time (the avg
before was 22!). As soon as the webinar was over, I had sold 8 courses @ $595 and 3 more at 2-payment
option ...and am up to 16 sales so far!
Will do another email tomorrow...Hope to get another 10-20 to sign up for the course. With any luck I'll
generate at least $20K from this!

-- 11 of 13 --

Thank you - The money I spent with you was by far the best money I've ever invested in any educational
program. Your format and the email templates made it all possible and they really work!"
Dan Baumann, ChiefExperts.com
He 	actually 	made 	$27,604.00 	on 	his 	FIRST 	webinar 	after 	getting 	Stephen's 	course!
"Thanks to your webinar training, we signed up a total of 22 new clients. Each client generated about $150
each per month, so that's an additional $3300 per month. It does not end there, as I plan to introduce more
new products that I will sell at a higher rate. So our plan is to use webinars at the heart of the promotion to
generate $1M+ of sales within 12 months of taking the webinar seminar."
David White, WebOptimser.com
"I would highly recommend Get Wildly Wealthy with Webinars by Stephen Beck. It's a tremendous product
which has changed the way I look at online marketing and creating information products. I know that by using
the principles and the practical training in Steve's course, I will continue to be able to generate other streams
of income, even during the current recession. It's worth every penny... and more! Thanks, Steve."
Jim Bob, StartSavingWithCoupons.com
COMING IN YOUR October 2010 "S SC D" SEALED ENVELOPE;
A sneaky, slimy marketing strategy that most Glazer-Kennedy members are going to love...

-- 12 of 13 --

Wildly Wealthy With Webinars!
Yes Stephen, I want (no ...must have) your CORE Product, "Webinar
t
"Take-Action" Home Study Course that will show me everything I need to know
about creating and selling information products through webinars!
To see a webinar with more details, go to www.WildlvWealthvWebinars.com/bill
Webinar "Take-Action" Home Study Course
• My Webinar System that is proven to get more sales
conversions!
• Complete plan of your first webinar presentation designed
for maximum sales!
• Professional power point presentation ready to go
• Hot registration web page online & ready for traffic
• How to COMPLETELY run your first webinar!
• How to record it, edit it and put the replay online
• Step-by-Step Videos
Webinar 	Home 	Study 	Course 	$ 	1,497.00
A l l 	5 	B o n u s e s 	5 9 9 4 0 0 *
Total REAL Value: $5gP^Jb
Special Investment for Glazer/Kennedy
Members is 3 easy payments of $397.
Or save $194 with a single pay option of $997!
Hurry! Deadline for this Special Investment is Sept 30!
My No Questions Asked Guarantee!
If you are not happy with the Webinar "Take-Action" Home Study Course for any
reason, tell me within 60 days and I will cheerfully return your investment!
First and Last Name
Address
City
(Address that your credit card statement is mailed to)
S t a t e 	Z i p
Phone
Email
(PLEASE 	PRINT CLEARLY!)
C r e d i t 	C a r d : 	V i s a 	M a s t e r C a r d 	A M E X 	D i s c o v e r
Credit Card #
Name That Appears On The Card
Signature
Date
Exp Date. 	CVC code
Shipping Address (if different than above)
Providing this information constitutes your permission for FamilyEbizto contact you regarding related information via mail, email, fax and phone.
Please Fax this order form to Glazer/Kennedy at 410-825-3301

-- 13 of 13 --

