Glazer 	s 	j
Example 	of 	the 	Month
CSW/Y£ 4-
Bill Glazer S %%S & D" (swipe and deploy)
Example 	of 	the 	Month
This Top Secret sealed "S & D" packet with your newsletter
contains a complete "Swipe & Deploy" Sample of a tested, proven,
universally applicable marketing item...
One month it may be a direct mail piece, another something to use at a website, another
seasonal program, another a complete tele-seminar or webinar campaign, etc. etc.
Our goal is to get as close to handing you a Turn-key, Ready-To-Use
Marketing/Promotional Tool as is possible, given there are literally thousands of different
kinds of businesses making Glazer-Kennedy Insider's Circle™ membership. To anyone who
uses just one of these a year, this at least QUADRUPLES THE VALUE OF MEMBERSHIP,
and makes every month a quick-to-moneymaking-action month.
IMPORTANT NOTE: These are intended ONLY for use of GKIC Members.
Further, whenever possible, helpful vendors, suppliers or facilitators will be
provided should you wish to use them.
This month's example is called....
* 	Don't 	"WORRy"...Be 	Happy!!/
(The Power of 3D Mail)

-- 1 of 11 --

Before I talk about the specific "S & D" example included with this month's envelope I thought it would be
good to review with you some of the basics about the POWER of 3D mail. So this is going to be a bit more
lengthy than normal. « ! >
Now, don't complain about the fact that it's a lot of information. Instead think about how your life would be
withOUT all the good information Dan and I dish out to you each month. Okay, now that I have that off of
my chest here we go
Below is taken from "The Definitive Guide to Using 3D Mail in Your Marketing Campaigns" by Keith and
Travis Lee.
Why 3D Mail Gets Such Great
Results for ANY Business
What is 3D Mail?
When it comes to 3D Mail, 3D says it all. A regular envelope has length and width, but very little depth. 3D
Mail has length, width and depth. It can be an envelope with something in it that makes it 3 Dimensional. It
can be a box, or a mini garbage can, or a bank bag, a message in a bottle, a treasure chest, or any one of
thousands of items.
Why Does 3D Mail Get Such Huge Returns??
What would you do if you HAD to make your next mailing work? What if you could only mail ONE
letter and if you didn't get a response you would, quite literally, be beheaded?
- Gary Halbert
Why does 3D Mail get such huge returns for those who use it? First and foremost, do you really care why it
does? Every great direct mail guru will tell you it really doesn't matter why anything you test works, what
matters is testing one scenario verses another and using the one that performs better... and we've never heard of
a direct mail expert who doesn't advocate at least testing 3D Mail.
If Your Mail Doesn't Get Opened and
Read, It Can't Be Successful
One of the biggest advantages of direct mail is how easy it is to measure and test one campaign verses another
and measure your response rate and your Return on investment (ROI). The fact is we've never seen a single
test in which 3D Mail didn't increase the response rate. The question then becomes, "Does the improved
response warrant the extra expense?" With that said, let's continue with our discussion of why 3D mail
outperforms the same mailing without the 3D item.
It Turns Your Mailing into "A" Pile Mail
Good Housekeeping did a survey to find out the first thing people do when they get home from work. They
found that the first thing they do is open their mail! And guess what? They open it over their trash can!
You, and I, and everyone else, open their mail the same way... They put their mail into piles... at least in their
mind.

-- 2 of 11 --

r
r
The first pile is the "C" pile. You don't want your mail to end up in the "C" pile. The "C" pile screams to
the recipient, "I'm Junk Mail!" I'm from someone you don't know, trying to sell you something you don't
want." Often "C" pile mail ends up in the trash can without even being opened. If it does get opened most of
the time your message never even gets out of the envelope.
The "B" pile is the, "Well I guess I ought to open it pile." The best you can say for "B" pile mail is that it's
better than being in the "C" pile. But you still have a huge obstacle to overcome. No one is excited, eager,
curious or inquisitive when they open "B" pile mail. If your mail is in the "B" pile and you have a great
headline you might have a chance of getting a response.
The "A" pile is where you want your mail.
That's mail that says to the recipient "YOU GOTTA OPEN ME!"
Let's say you went to the doctor and he said he wanted you to have a biopsy on some skin tissue and let's
assume one of your parents died from skin cancer. So the doctor tells you that you'll get the results in the mail
in a couple days.
Now, you come home from work and get your mail from the mail box and you see a big manila envelope from
"Skin Test Laboratories". Do you even get into the house before you open it? Probably not. That's the kind of
response you want your mailing to have. You want your client, customer, patient, member, or prospect to be so
curious that they can't wait to rip your mailing piece open right away.
3D Mail is Different - 3D Mail Stands Out -
3D Mail Creates Curiosity
3D Mail Simply Needs To Be Opened and Read
People Are Bored and Overwhelmed and They Love To Be Entertained
People are bored with the marketing and advertising they see. And they see a lot of it these days. It's estimated
that most people see over 3,100 advertising messages each day, and that number is only going up.
People love to be entertained. 3D Mail is entertaining and it gets your prospect or customer involved! When
you actively involve your prospects, they'll stay with your mailing longer. Any good salesman knows the more
time you spend with your prospect, the more of your story you can tell, and the more you can sell! When you
tie your sales message to 3D mail you'll entertain your prospects and customer and keep them involved and sell
more.
People are eager for a 'personal' approach to selling. They don't want to be part of the masses. They want to
be singled out amongst the throng and 3D mail does that.
People are People and Buyers are Buyers!
Some people will say that "my clients are too sophisticated for such gimmicks" or, "my clients are too smart for
that kind thing", or "that might work with Business-to-Consumer marketing, but it won't work in Business-to-
Business"... Hogwash!
Keith and Travis Lee actually started 3D Mail Results because they have a business-to-business distribution
company where they use 3D Mail. Keith and Travis were tired of running around looking for 3D Mail
products. They have one 3D letter that has produced well over $10,000,000.00 in business - yes that's 10
Million Dollars. It is the x-ray letter you'll find in their Guide.

-- 3 of 11 --

i>
They have another 3D Mailing that was used to sell a $10,000.00 product in a Business-to-Business
environment that produced a 3,333% Return-on-Investment! Some of the most successful 3D Mail campaigns
have been sent to multi-millionaires for investment opportunities.
Why Does 3D Mail Work So Well In Business-to-Business Campaigns?
Again, direct mail professionals really don't care why something works; we just want to know if it does. 3D
Mail works incredibly well in Business-to-Business environments. With that said, 3D Mail works great in
Business-to-Business campaigns because people are people and buyers are buyers.
Businesses don't buy anything! People in businesses buy things! And, as I said, people like to be
entertained. People like to be singled out. 3D Mail is different. It stands out and it creates curiosity. 3D mail
simply needs to be opened and read.
It Cuts Through the Clutter
Because people are overwhelmed with the amount of advertising and marketing they see today, it is absolutely
imperative that you cut through the clutter and boredom and give your prospects or clients something interesting
and out of the ordinary.
People are so overwhelmed, that they often spend 3.5 seconds or less with information they've requested!
If you can't keep your message in front of your prospect, you'll have no chance of making the sale. If you think
that's bad, some studies show that business recipients throw out 48% of their unsolicited mail without opening
it!
Any message that isn't opened can never be acted on! When an envelope shows up with something inside -
3D - your client or prospect MUST open it. They simply have to know what's inside.
The huge majority of direct mail ends up in the "B" or "C" pile and then the trash. It lacks the power and
ability to break through the clutter. It doesn't offer a strong incentive to act, and it doesn't have staying power.
Your mailing must have an impact!
If a Stack Doesn't Stack, It Can't Be a Stack
Whether at home or at the office, we all get a stack of mail every day. One sure-fire way to cut through the
clutter is to make sure your mailing piece ends up on the top of the stack.
If your mailing is in a regular envelope it can end up anywhere in the stack. But what if your mailing piece is in
a box? Or, what if your mail piece is in a mini-trash can? Or what if your mailing is in a real vinyl bank bag?
Or what if you mail aplastic 'Message in a Bottle.' Or what if your mailing is in an envelope with a bag of
shredded money inside so if it gets put anywhere other than on the top of the stack the stack will fall over? 3D
Mail has to be on the top of the stack or the stack will fall over! Neither the mail man, nor the mail room,
nor the receptionist can stack a stack that doesn't stack.
3D Mail Has Sticking Power
Let's face it; most days nothing different. Nothing worth talking about happens either at work or at home. So ^^\
mailing that is different, innovative, and maybe a little humorous ends up being talked about. 3D Mail has
sticking power. People show it to their spouse, neighbor, friend or coworker.

-- 4 of 11 --

But Doesn't 3D Mail Cost More?
Sure, 3D Mail will normally cost more than a mailing that is not 3D, but not all of the time. But are you really
^interested in what the mailing costs or what your return on the mailing is verses the cost? If I need to convince
you of that, you really should be interested in the results rather than just the cost (Your Return on Investment);
you might as well go do something else right now.
In almost every instance, the results from 3D Mail are a better ROI than the same mailing without the 3D item.
In addition, I highly recommend that you send laser
targeted, 	clutter 	busting 	mailings, 	multiple 	times,
rather than sending out more pieces of untargeted, non-3D mail.
In this case, less truly is more
If you're on a marketing budget (and who besides Nike, McDonald's and Microsoft aren't on a marketing
budget), I've never seen a case in which multiple 3D mails to a smaller list hasn't outperformed one boring,
same-as-everybody-else mailing to a large list.
3D Mail Can Also Be Used As A "Freemium"
A freemium is a 3D premium gift that is delivered FREE, in the mail, up front with no obligation. (Example:
FREE pen enclosed).
When you send somebody something of value for free, their human instincts kick in. They feel obligated to at
least give your mailing their time. They feel obligated to take you up on your offer. They feel obligated to
^-respond. Sending a 'freemium' cuts the clutter, motivates the prospect to respond, actively involves the reader.
It has staying power.
Now, with all that being said, here's one caveat. No matter how great your 3D mailing, or your copywriting
abilities, or your offer is, they all mean nothing without the proper list. If you don't have a good list, you don't
have a good mailing. If you're trying to sell sandals in Nome, Alaska in February, you're probably not going to
do well because it's the wrong offer to the wrong group.
Here Are Just A Few Things
That 3D Mail Can Do For You:
Increase the size of an order
Generate leads
Reduce returns
Reactivate lost clients
Drive traffic to a location
Stimulate referrals
Increase the frequency of purchase
Get more business with current clients
Increase the size of the purchase
Find qualified prospects at a trade show
Improve response to non-mail advertising
Launch a grand opening
Turn prospects into customers

-- 5 of 11 --

This month's "S <& D example" uses a
"3-D" Guatemala Worry Doll 1	>
A Guatemala Worry Doll can be used for a lot of different campaigns. Probably the most common use is one of
my favorite strategies which is lost/inactive client reactivation. By way of background, Worry dolls are
traditionally made in Guatemala. A person (usually a child) who cannot sleep due to worrying can express their
worries to a doll and place it under their pillow before going to sleep.
According to folklore, the doll is thought to worry in the person's place, thereby permitting the person to sleep
peacefully. The person will wake up without their worries, which have been taken away by the dolls during the
night.
Parents may remove the doll during the night, reinforcing the child's belief that the worry is gone. Some parents
involve the child in making the dolls to further increase the psychological benefits of releasing worries.
I tell you this because it is smart to include the story in the letter itself. People love stories. It draws them in
and helps to explain why they received the doll in the first place.
Below is an example of the Worry Doll letter for reactivating lost customers. A lost client is a past client who,
for whatever reason, has not made a purchase with you after a certain amount of time. The time where a client
becomes 'lost' varies from business to business. For example, a lunch spot by your office may say you're lost if
you haven't been back in for 2 weeks. For a dentist, it's every six months. A high-end jeweler may say it's ^^
every 1-2 years. As the marketer of your business, you need to ask yourself what logical time frame a happy,
well treated customer should come back for another purchase. You want to find that number and send those
clients something right before that time. This Worry Doll is great way to do that.
As you can see, this is a great template that can be used in just about any business. (Included inside your S&D
Envelope is the actual example).
Worry Doll Sales Letter:
I'm Worried about you...
f 	« • 	■ > 	> • * 	1
on
j mtiiii iipn Hani iii i ii i i» [
6»n ilii tim—M
W _ i U . \ H c r > D o . - ! '
"- ■•-—
•
_-____.-.,—_.„,,_._.,_—
^

-- 6 of 11 --

Outside of Envelope:
Tra\-is Lee
6205 S. 231* Street
KcnlWA 98032 	w
Bill Glazer
401 Jefferson Ave
Towson, MD 21286
'S <& D" RESOURCE:
The Glazer-Kennedy resource that provides the Worry Dolls (and can do the entire campaign for you) is 3D
Mail Results. You can use the enclosed form to have a Representative contact you for a FREE Consultation.
^Below are answers to some of the "Most Commonly" asked questions about the
Worry Doll campaign answered by the folks at 3D Mail Results:
Q_l Please describe the process (in GREAT detail) that GKIC Members would take to get this project going for
themselves. This includes production timelines, things they'll need to provide to you vs. what you can provide
for them. Do you have an art department (if applicable) that will be able to help them with design?
A__ If a GKIC Member is looking to do this themselves this is a very quick process. The item is in-stock and
ready to ship the day the Member orders. They would have their worry dolls within 5 business days, or sooner.
Most small businesses could order the worry dolls, have a local printer print their sales material, and fulfill the
mailing themselves for around $1.50-1.75. Many of our clients order a few hundred every month or quarter,
identify their lost clients for a given period, and have their staff fold, mail and send the item. Some even pay
their kids, nieces/nephews or neighbor kids to do it as an after school job. This does not have to be an
expensive campaign.
3D Mail Results can also do complete implementation for you, meaning printing the letters and envelopes,
folding the letter inserting into the envelope, and affixing postage. All we need is your mailing list and your
version of the S&D'ed sales letter. This whole process takes two weeks, usually less. Complete
implementation is generally around $1.00-1.25 per piece depending on your quantity.
S3D Mail Results can also help with layout and design. There is a minimum $97 set up fee for any design work
we do based on the client's needs. 3D Mail Results can create almost anything a client could need.

-- 7 of 11 --

QiWhat are some of the differentjndustries that have used the Worry Doll Campaign?
A^ Just a few of the industries who have used a Lost Customer Reactivation campaign include:
B2B distributors
Martial Arts
Insurance
Coaches
Dentist
Optometry
Manufacturers
Realtors
Printers
Consultants
Accounting
Restaurants
Retailers
Chiropractor
Mailing Services
Info-marketers
Flooring
Martial Arts
Auto Repair shops
Financial planning
Health care
Contractors
Carpet cleaner
Museums
Q: How soon can I get my worry dolls?
A: We have them in stock and if you place your order before 1 PM Pacific, they will almost always ship the same day.
If ordered after 1 PM Pacific, they will likely ship the next business day.
Q: Do you have other samples of your letters so I can write my own copy, but have a jumping off point?
A: Yes, just give 3D Mail Results a call or email them at info@3Dmailresults.com and tell them your industry and
they'll try to send a sample of your industry. Of course, they don't have every business type under the sun, but they'll
do their best to help you out.
COMING IN YOUR December 2010 "S at P" SEALED ENVELOPE;
A promotion that's more than a promotion...it's an EVENT! r%

-- 8 of 11 --

Fast Action Response Form
As a Glazer-Kennedy Insider's Circle Member you'll get 10% off this item.
The prices below represent the 10% savings. Special pricing
Expires November 30th. Minimum order Is 150 worry dolls.
Travis, I'd like to schedule a 30 minute consultation on how to best use the worry doll
lost client direct mail piece in my business before I order. Your office will call to
schedule a time to speak one-on-one. (Please complete contact information below,
no credit card required.)
Travis, 	I'm 	ready 	to 	move 	on 	the 	worry 	dolls 	and 	don't 	need 	the 	consultation. 	Just
send me the worry dolls and I'll arrange fulfillment on my own. (Please complete billing
and shipping information below. Credit card required to complete order.)
S t o c k 	N u m b e r 	1 5 0 e a 	5 0 0 e a 	l O O O e a 	2 0 0 0 e a 	Q T Y
D 3 111 0 - W o r r y 	D o l l s 	$ 0 . 2 9 e a 	$ 0 . 2 5 e a 	$ 0 . 2 0 e a 	$ 0 . 1 7 e a
C O N TA C T / B I L L I N G 	I N F O R M AT I O N
Name
Total:
Company Name
Address
C i t y 	S t a t e 	Zipcode
Email
P h o n e 	F a x
EHVisa 	□ 	Mastercard 	U 	American 	Express
Credit Card Number
□ Discover
Exp
Signature
All credit cards are billed by American Retail Supply, Kent, WA. 3D Mail Results' Parent Company
SHIPPING 	INFORMATION 	(No 	PO 	Boxes) 	DSame 	as 	billing
Name
Company Name
Address
C i t y 	S t a t e 	Z i p c o d e
Fax Your Order or Consultation Request to:
410-825-3301

-- 9 of 11 --

Travis Lee
6205 S. 231st Street
Kent, WA 98032 W
f c O * '
\ j j O
~_
Bill Glazer
401 Jefferson Ave
Towson,MD 21286

-- 10 of 11 --

I'm Worried about you...
Dear Tom,
Yes, I really am worried about you. Judy (our office manager) was checking on our past clients and she realized that
it's been too long since we've heard from you at My City Dental Care.
In order to keep a healthy smile you should visit the dentist every 6 months to
be sure your mouth is healthy and free of cavities and other problems that can
sneak up on you.
For the next month when you book your next appointment, we'll give you
either of the following great deals:
$97.00 	Teeth 	Whitening!
(Regularly $400.00...Save $301.00)
O R
$100.00 Savings Certificate towards your next visit!
Can be used toward any out of
pocket expenses in our office.
(Perfect for patients without dental insurance)
But you've got to call and make your appointment before June 30th to get in on
this great opportunity. Call 000-000-0000 to schedule your next appointment
and mention that you received the worry doll and we'll be sure you get either
the $97 teeth whitening or $100.00 saving certificate towards
your next visit.
What Is A Worry Doll?
Worry dolls are traditionally made
in Guatemala. A person (usually a
child) who cannot sleep due to
worrying can express their worries
to a doll and place it under their
pillow before going to sleep.
According to folklore, the doll is
thought to worry in the person's
place, thereby permitting the
person to sleep peacefully. The
person will wake up without their
worries, which have been taken
away by the dolls during the night.
Parents may remove the doll
during the night, reinforcing the
child's belief that the worry is
gone. Some parents involve the
child in making the dolls to further
increase the psychological benefits
of releasing worries.
Sincerely,
tDtJafitifDee
Dr. John Doe and the Staff at My City Dental Care
P.S. Remember, this great deal is only available until
the end of the month so be sure to call 000-000-0000 today!
P.P.S. If a friend or family member could use our services
too, just give them this letter and tell them to call
000-000-0000 and we'll be sure they get the same deal as you!
Your logo, letter head, etc with hours, location, phone and contact information.

-- 11 of 11 --

