Glazer s ,
Example 	of 	the 	Month
(sw/V£ 4-
Bill 	6\QZer 	S 	"S 	& 	D" 	(swipe 	and 	deploy)
Example of the Month
This Top Secret sealed "S & D" packet with your newsletter contains a
complete "Swipe <& Deploy" Sample of a tested, proven, universally
applicable marketing item...
^
One month it may be a direct mail piece, another something to use at a website, another
seasonal program, another a complete tele-seminar or webinar campaign, etc. etc.
Our goal is to get as close to handing you a Turn-key, Ready-To-Use Marketing/Promotional
Tool as is possible, given there are literally thousands of different kinds of businesses making
Glazer-Kennedy Insider's Circle™ membership. To anyone who uses just one of these a year,
this at least QUADRUPLES THE VALUE OF MEMBERSHIP, and makes every month a quick-to-
moneymaking-action month.
IMPORTANT 	NOTE: 	These 	are 	intended 	ONLY 	for 	use 	of 	GKIC 	Members.
Further, 	whenever 	possible, 	helpful 	vendors, 	suppliers 	or 	facilitators 	will 	be
provided 	should 	you 	wish 	to 	use 	them.
%%
CD 	Self 	Mailers
And 	other 	sneaky'stuff
n

-- 1 of 6 --

What do I mean by other sneaky' stuff?
To find out what I mean about that, you'll have to listen to the entire CD that's included in the envelope that
says....
Ooops...I goofed!Disregard the OUTRAGEOUS CD I sent you last week
Bit
But 	in 	this 	months 	"S 	A 	D" 	write-up....lets 	talk 	about 	the 	virtues 	of
CD Self Mailers and why (and how) you should use them in your
business.
Let's start with a basic marketing principal which is... "Diversity Leads To Stability."
What does that mean?
It means that when you are marketing your business, you want to use as many diverse medias as you can
because different people respond to different media.
Some people will:
• Read a 24-page single spaced sales letter
• Read a 1-page sales letter
• Read a 4 inch x 6 inch postcard
• Watch a 3-hour DVD on their computer
• Read everything on a website
• Read a long form email
• Read a short form email
• Listen to a 70-minute CD while they're driving
Hopefully you get the idea that different people will respond to different media.
Now let me tell you about the simple discovery that nearly doubled
my response.
When I began in the Info-Marketing Business, I was selling a Home Study Course called BGS Marketing to the
Menswear Retail Industry. I began with a simple 3-Step sales letter sequence to leads that were sent 14-days
apart.
-
t

-- 2 of 6 --

The response on all 3-steps combined was pretty good....around 3%*.
*lf 3% doesn't sound that good to you, it's because you're concentrating on the wrong number. The real number you
want to concentrate on is 'Return-On-lnvestment' (ROI). In the case of the early 3-Step sales letter sequence for my BGS
Marketing System, I was taking in $8.00 for every $1.00 a spent on advertising. I was later able to get that return much
higher as I tested and tweaked my funnel.
Now let me tell you about a simple test I did that jumped the response to 5.8%.
On the 3rd step, instead of sending the unconverted leads the printed 3rd sales letter, I had a professional
voice record it on a CD and I mailed it to the people who didn't respond to the first 2 letters.
It was amazing and it taught me a HUGE lesson which has made my clients and I millions throughout the years.
Now, it is easier than ever to mail CD Self Mailers as the technology to mail them has become cheaper and
cheaper thanks to the Post Office being able to send them through the "wiz-bang" automated machinery
they've 	developed.
In fact, you can get them out the door today somewhere between a buck and two bucks each, depending on
how you package them, the quantity you buy and where you mail them.
In 	addition 	to 	the 	simple 	CD 	Self 	Mailer 	that 	I've 	included 	inside
this month's "S <& D" sealed envelope (which also contains the other
'sneaky' 	stuff 	I 	mentioned 	to 	you 	earlier), 	below 	are 	some 	photos 	of
other 	CD 	Self 	Mailer 	formats
'•■•ijc

-- 3 of 6 --

Just about anybody should be using these in their business. Below is
just a quick list I came up with of Entrepreneurs I know who are
using them now:
Attorneys
Doctors
Chiropractors
Information Marketers
Car Dealerships
Martial Arts
Business Opportunity Market (MLM)
Financial Advisors
Education System (private school/college)
"S A D" RESOURCE:
The resource that I use and endorse is McMannis Duplication and Fulfillment.
Enclosed is a Fax Back Form with A SPECIAL Offer to find out more and get started.
Or you can call them at 602-628-4411 or look them up on the web at www.mcmannisinc.com
COMING IN YOUR November 2010 "S at D" SEALED ENVELOPE:
We're not going to tell you but...don't WORRY, you'll be happy!

-- 4 of 6 --

ONLY AVAILABLE FOR GKIC MEMBERS
200 FREE CD mailers
when you order 1.000 ■
OR
20% off when you
order less than 1,000
WWW.MCMANNISINC.COM
YES. Please contact me for a FREE consultation to develop my CD mailer.
NAME:
/ * * \ 	Address:
YOUR CUSTOM
CONTENT HERE
City, State, Zip
Phone:
Email:
Website:
Go to www.mcmQnnisinc.com or fax this form to 620.628.4487

-- 5 of 6 --

Ooops...I goofed!
Disregard the OUTRAGEOUS
CD I sent you last week
Bill

-- 6 of 6 --

