So real quick, I want to kind of introduce Sidney as I've met him throughout the weekend, but just so you guys can get to know who he is and why, like he's one of my favorite people in the world. Last year at Funnel Hacking Live, he didn't have money to attend Funnel Hacking Live. So instead of doing what poor broke people say and I can't afford it, he's like, how can I afford it? How can I afford that? And he started hustling and he got some people to give him money in exchange for building funnels. He built some funnels, had somebody fly him out there. And how many of you guys was there last year? Everybody? Whoever wasn't, like you better be here this year. Anyway, he was out there and he didn't actually have enough money to pay for a hotel room. So I think he did one or two nights. But the night we did the hackathon, that night he just stayed up all night long because he didn't have a hotel room, slept in the lobby, woke up the next day, came back and went through the whole process. And I didn't know that at the time. And he was finishing school over in Rexburg, Idaho and basically like it was a week later, two weeks later, something a little bit afterwards. Two days later, he applied. I don't know exactly how, but one of those Brent told me, he's like, there's some guy from Rexburg driving across the state to come up here to interview. And I was like, all right, well, we're not really hiring anybody right now. He's like, yeah, but he's in really cool. He's in the middle of finals, but he's gonna come interview, then drive back and take the rest of his finals. And then he's supposed to be moving to Florida. But I think he's a really cool guy. Maybe he'll be a good fit here. So he drove clear, I mean, how many hours drive from Rexburg? So four hours came here for like a 30 minute interview, then drove four hours back. And he came in and talked to Brent first and after Brent called me, I wasn't here. He's like, dude, you need to come meet this dude. This guy's special. I don't know where we're gonna put him, but we need him here. I was like, all right, that doesn't normally happen. So I drove in. That's when I saw him. I peeked through the window and I'm like, hey man. I did my little weird nerdy thing. And I was excited. I met him and I think we just connected right off the bat. And I was like, I want someone to sit by me to help me with funnels. I'm doing all this stuff. I'm also doing a million other things. If I had nothing else to do all day, I would just be in click funnels. Nothing gives me more pleasure than just being in click funnels. But I have unfortunately other responsibilities too. So I'm like, I want someone next to me. So he literally for the last eight months has sat like this far for me, looking over my shoulder back and forth as we're building funnel after funnel for us, for friends, for client, all the cool stuff we're doing. Like I said, over 150 funnels he's built with me in the last, this is eight months, 10 months. And just someone who I have so much respect for, have so much fun with. And he's someone who is making a bunch of money on his own doing like he's doing this, but he's still part of this because he believes in like the bigger vision of what we're trying to create inside of click funnels and who we're serving. And he wakes up every morning inside of Zion and it's so much fun. And just grateful to be around him and grateful to have him here and excited for him to show you guys how to build a funnel. So everyone that stand up for our hands together for Stephen Larson. All right. So what I'm going to do is go to the funnels itself that you guys will be building out here. All right. So does everyone have the webinar share funnel itself? You guys downloaded that? Okay. All right. Well, hey, while it's queued, what we do need you guys to do is start downloading the videos that you'll be using inside of each one of these pages. So do you guys know the Facebook live videos, right? Did you record them? You guys did a combo of Facebook live and recording, right? So do you guys not have to download Facebook live videos? No. We'll show you that real quick. This is awesome because you can get all the engagement, but then go put it right on YouTube. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to put each of the... So this is Russell's origin story, right? And then the first video is the indoctrination number one, two, three. So let's go get them real quick here from Facebook. All right. So I'm just going to click funnels official. All right. So here's a little trick, right? So here's his origin story. So when you click on the actual page, you got to start the video. This will pull up and expose the video URL in Facebook. So I'm going to click, you can immediately pause. Then I'm going to right mouse click on the video and you can show the video URL right here. Copy it right here. And this is not always high quality. If you do it landscape, you'll get a better quality. Then inside these WWWs, I'm going to put in the letter M for mobile. Yeah. Just going to pull up the mobile version here. This seems a little crazy. This is a little hack though. Then I'm going to click play again and then you can download the video right here. Upload it right into YouTube. Kind of cool. All right. You can. You can. If you free. So you learn little workarounds. Yeah. So if you come in here, so that's one way to do it. The other way is click on the actual date itself that always pops up inside the post. You can link straight in. And a cool way to do this in email. This is a cool way to do this in email. So open up the actual date inside of the post and it will pull up just the post inside of Facebook. No other distractions. So you can copy that URL and we'll use these inside of the indoctrination emails that come up. So you can say go check out the Facebook post. And what's nice about that is that it pulls out all the social media that you're talking about before. So see all the things that were there from the last time you guys did it. So all right. So keep those in the back pocket. I'm trying to stall. Do you guys all have this downloaded? Well, all these funnels are downloading. Let's look through Russell's page. There's a very specific things he's done inside of this page to make it more effective. All right. Right off the bat. So you guys remember the Domino's statement? The number one how to without statement. That's obviously going to be right here in the very front. So this is right inside. Right. My weird niche funnel is currently making me 17 grand a day. And what we want to do is we want to break up for the eye certain headlines and sections. All right. So I have 15 design principles that I use when I actually build his funnels out. And one of them is grouping. If you guys step way, way back. So I do this still to him. If I step way back from the page and I squint at the page, it starts to make shapes and blocks. And you want to make sure that there's certain groupings and layers in between as you do this. And he's done this with this headline already. Russell's a natural designer. He doesn't even know it. He's awesome at this stuff. So my weird niche funnel is currently making me 17 grand per day. A lot of temptations. A lot of, see me guys have really long headlines. What we want to do is we want to break those up into two separate headline elements. And then he fades out a little bit. The one on the bottom, see how it's slightly gray. That lets the eye capture one topic and then have time to transition before the next topic happens. Those little tricks like that will actually make your people consume more than normal. The other thing that Russell does is you remember I was saying how he doesn't always bribe people to the end to stay till the very end of the, what he does though is he can do that for the registrants to actually get people to register for the webinar itself. This is where he'll throw in the little cookie form. Plus get a two week free trial of the click photos, right? Now he's using, Russell uses a, you guys know the term SLO, the self-liquidating offer. He puts a loss leader in the front of this thing right here. So right, so here's the registration page and the actual thank you page itself. On the thank you page, one of the reasons why webinars are so profitable is he sticks on here an SLO, right? That's what he puts down here in this bonus. Plus get a two week free trial, right? That's a cool place to do that as you guys do this. So free little nuggets, you know, right? It's a free week trial. You know, those are good places to put products where you guys can make sure you recoup on your ad cost. You can put SLO right there and it links out to another funnel from there. So let's go inside the actual, I'm going to jump inside here. Right, this is the template that I just built for you guys. Pretty standard template. All right, so stick inside of right here. Put your main how to without statement. You guys got that in? Hey Stephen, would you say web class instead of webinar training? Absolutely, yeah. And some of it's dependent on the market that you're selling to. Yeah. Can't be that hard to fast-rolling that one. Free web class training reveals. One of the things Russell always yell at you about is a lot of your logos, a lot of you guys have sent me your funnels and your pages from me to review. One of the consistent things we see is your logos are too huge. They don't do anything for conversion. They're just all for your ego. So make them tiny. So do you guys know how to do that? So you got to click on the actual, this is an image that I put in. Right over here on the right says image height. Come inside here and you toss in the actual pixel height. Is anyone stuck? No? All right. All right, now what Russell does also in his webinars you'll see is it, so register my seat now. He always uses copy and text inside of his funnel that is very action-oriented, obviously. Register now. So that when they click, they're already committed to doing the next thing that's going to pop up. All right, so the actual text inside of the button right here, he has it set to a pop up. So if you click on the button, come down a side right here. This is how you set the pop up on here. So he says one of the options right here, open pop up. This is an action the button will take. So right here, see the, this is the button, register my seat now. So you're going to click there. All right, so it says URL action. Come down here to open pop up. All right, now you're going to go over here to show pop up. So you actually edit it. I'm going to show you guys, I'm going to make you all designers right now. You guys ready for this? You going to change your life? All right, so this base color, let's look at Russell's screen right here. This is out of, one of the design principles that we use is, I don't know what to name it, but you guys have way too many colors. Sometimes you'll send me stuff and it looks like you got a rainbow going on there, right? It's way too much for your eyes to take in. It's very exhausting for your head to take that all in. And so we use a color scheme, or it's just one main accent color. Now obviously when you look at Russell's, his is this reddish color, right? So I'm going to come inside right here and there's some chrome extensions that you guys should get that makes you really fast at this stuff. Go get a chrome extension called the color pick eyedropper. If you guys get this, it will make you be awesome. This is good stuff. So what this is going to do is it's going to expose the color code that the computer needs to be able to pull up this color. This is good stuff, isn't it? So right here, color pick eyedropper. So you can Google chrome extensions, look up color pick eyedropper. And as you guys pull up your images or you have logos that you like, right? Pull up the actual logo and go drag over top of the logo, choose the color you want to be the base color. And then take that hexadef, it's called hexadecimal code. Take the color code right here and you're going to open it up inside of a system called Palatin. Let me show you here, P-A-L-E-T-T-O-N dot com. And we're going to use a color wheel to show us what color is going to complement this red wall. So I'm going to come down side right here and I'm going to paste in that red that I just saw. And these are the different colors that would naturally highlight against that red wall. That makes sense? It's like when we built biohacking secrets, this is totally how we did it. And then we have this red wall that we used to call his up sail pages. He's got that cool blue with like the, you guys seen it? This DNA cool blue colors that goes across. We grabbed the blue and we found this really cool accenting orange that went with it. It makes you really, really fast with this stuff. So then you just make a solid color in the background, you know, kind of a secondary, you know, red color and then a little accent splash on there and then you're, then you're good to go. Obviously, the thing we don't want you guys to do is get bogged down with building the funnel itself. So we're going to do this all the time. So really simply, this is, this is how you guys can do it. So, sorry, Steve, if you just really quick to show the screen again, like where are you? So you pasted the hex code right at the base? Let me show you. Let me use the actual template you guys have just so. All right. So I'm going to click on the color pick eyedropper, let it load for a second, drag across. It's the base color, I'd say on here's red. And you come inside a palaton, palatin, right here in the bottom left, this is RGB. Paste the color in itself. And these are the accent colors you can use to actually make a little cool splash as a color. So are those like the complementary colors or like where I recommend you? Saying like, that should be the two colors you should do. It's just the red. People's whole career after, you know, this type of theory for sure. So you can just keep it simple and just click up here. And see different accent colors as you go along. So let's grab this green color and I will make it the button. We're just looking for one color, right? Yeah. And keep it consistent throughout. Now the second thing you'll see when you look at Russell's funnel itself is, this is kind of a weird picture, right? The color he wanted is really interesting. But he does it on purpose. You know, that's what the master does that is because he, oops, still got this selected. It's because it makes you go like, what? You don't want the mind to settle. You don't want to everyone to, you know, like, oh, I already know what that is. You don't want anyone to come to any conclusions. He even says the word weird in the headline, you know? So choose a picture of yourself. You can toss it in there as a big background picture. We'll go grab a picture here real quick. I was kind of messing around earlier, so I'll go grab another one. Is anyone stuck? Y'all got your headline in? Yeah. Got your headline in? You chose on a base color off of your logo or a picture. I was racing Russell. I was trying to make a funnel real fast while he was pitching so he could have a place to send people. I didn't know he was doing it live. So we'll load this picture up. Now one of the major reasons why people will leave your pages right off the bat, one of the major reasons is because your file, your page doesn't load fast, right? Page load time is a huge thing. You know, people have like three second attention until they're gone. So if you're paying for people, it can be really expensive if the page does not load fast enough. So these pictures themselves, if you right click on them and click get info, you can see the file size of the actual image itself and that's pretty big. You don't need expensive software. You don't need anything like that to make these smaller. You just double click on them and decrease the actual size itself. Go to adjust size and shrink them down. Yeah, it's nice because a lot of you guys spend a lot of time trying to get background image sizes right and that's a frustrating thing. I'll just shoot for a width of the 1920 width pixel size by at least 1080 heights. Now I'll give you guys a fast, this is how we can build them really, really fast. This is the template behind building funnels quickly that I use. You can decrease the size there. 19, 20 by 1080. 19, 20 by 1080 at least. This is really nerdy stuff. You guys getting this? Yeah. You see how this gets applied in your business? You guys starting to see how this will make you money? Yeah. So we've got three colors going on here, which is two, two and three. I want it most two. I'm going to come back here and I'm going to make this red, this green, the red color again. Get rid of the green. All right. So I'm going to move on because we talk about design principles a lot. So right here you can toss in a little bonus. If you don't have anything yet, that's fine. You can go delete it. If you look at Russell's page here, he wants to put a little urgency and scarcity in there because obviously that's what does the hardcore selling and action taking. So he has a bar here, the same color as the button to draw attention to it, but also break up for the eye. All right. Special web class with Russell once this week, very limited seats registered now. He tells them to register like three times on this page. Register, register, register. If you leave the page, the Exapot says register. So you can honestly leave this here as you want to, obviously switch out the name. And then right here, you're going to put your three secrets in. You guys can go ahead and do that now. So go ahead and the titles of the three secrets is what goes on underneath. Just like Russell said, you don't let the cat out of the bag, but you also want people to be pulled along as you start to do this. Is it even stuck? You guys getting it? It's not downloading? I did that and it came back in the queue. So now it's bleeding. And then I tried to separate. I got off this wifi and then on his little bill and then I tried myself. I'm sorry. It's okay. I'll come back and make sure that it's good. You guys getting the three secrets in? Now that you guys have the assets, this is going to go really, really fast. And when we build the pages, the fastest, the hardest part for me when I build these pages is getting the first layout and design right. So I got a big swipe file of pages that I think look cool. Russell will go. Hey man, I was up till three o'clock. I got a new idea. It's called Funnel Immersion. We're going to launch it by five. Let's build it all. And that's how Funnel Immersion was built. And I had to build that whole funnel in a day by two, two o'clock. I think that's where we launched it. I pulled up my swipe file of all these cool looking sites, made the design off the front of something else I saw. That's how we pounded it out really fast because we're out of the assets. You guys already have the assets. So now you're just choosing the page design. Loving the purple. It's looking good. That's awesome. All right. You guys have the three secrets in. What you can do for those of you guys that are waiting, click on the yellow button right above that says add new funnel. Just build the funnel still and you can start along and I'll show you how to make it a template. You can pull it into any other funnel after that. That makes sense. So go click add new funnel and then click host webinar. It'll be the next screen. And then just click live webinar. And you can build out the actual thing right there. Is anyone stuck on that? Now click funnels. The great Todd Dickerson over there, schemed click funnels with Russell and everyone else, right? It's built in layers. So this green box is called a section. The next blue is called a row, you know, for columns. And inside here we put elements. There's actually one more place though in these we could put an image, which is the actual background. So you have to think of it kind of as a way in the background section row element. Does that make sense? So what I did when I put this image in is I clicked on the gear inside of section. I clicked on the blue plus right here afterwards and I put the picture straight on. Straight on the actual section here. So on your background photo, like is there any design principle in terms of like for me, I'm so I'm like the cool stuff. I mean, somebody's bad, somebody looks good. I would choose somebody who's your attractive character or who represents that. You see that the image that I chose has a girl, Allison's daughter is a 15 year old, right? I chose a young girl. Her face is towards the opt-in, the place I want them to click. That is a huge, huge thing. So try and pick somebody's whether their face and their head is turned toward the attention is turning towards the thing you want them to do. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, Russell's got himself on there. You can definitely have yourself on there. Right? And these aren't always hard, fast rules, but these are kind of the fast hacks to get it done. Look at Russell's. He's not necessarily looking at it, but his arm makes the line all the way to the opt-in form. So like little NLP things of design, right? His arm goes all the way to it, like he's serving it up almost. It still works really well. I don't know if this was intentional, but he's holding up something that says Amazon.com. Yeah. That also adds another layer of mystery. Sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You can go really deep in this for sure. It says weight over his left shoulder. You know. I was just going to tell you those things out, but some are awesome. Pretty cool. He did plan it out. That's all on purpose. Yeah. Yeah. That's what we peak curiosity at. Yeah, he's going like this. He's not smiling. You know, it's kind of in between. He's not frown actually. He makes you wonder the colors, not a normal color you'd see in an ad. There's a lot to this page that makes you say, weight, read the copy. Weight, read the copy. Register, register, register. Exipop, register. Well, have you guys tested other words besides register, like act now or sign up here or sign up now? Register just sounds like a very... Hold my spot. Stuff like that. Yeah, you can try that out. And register works best or? I don't think it's a specific word we've protested. It's just act now or sign up now or take action. You know what I'm trying to do? I'm trying to hook and dab or register. Oh, to registration form. I don't know what it is they're doing. I feel like register has like a little bit of an intimidation factor. It's a really good Facebook guy because it's RSVP. Cool. And RSVP for men. He's been tested a whole bunch of other people. That's what I'm saying. Cool. Well, Russell said he registered with Wett and R.C. Yeah. I'm just curious. All right. Yeah, yeah. All right, do you guys have the three? We're at like 60% as I might get to do it. Yeah. You guys got the three... Who doesn't have three secrets in? You guys got it? I'm just going to ask what size image to do with it. Yes. Absolutely. So what I do is I go full 100% width in the background. So right here, you know, or you can go full center. It depends on what you're doing. It's obviously too big, but... Just drop it beforehand if you want to do it. That's what I do. You can get really intense with it, but that's the fast hack way to get this done. Yeah, 1920 by 1080. Yeah. All righty. You ready to move on from this page? Oh, let me show you guys one more thing. Metadata is huge. Okay. So what you're going to do... So many people leave this out also. Go up to settings here on the top right. You're going to go to meta tags and social settings. Right here, Russell, I've noticed he often will name the end result that they want to take. That's what he names the page. So webinar registration. That's the name of the page he wants the end result action to be. So put the end result here as the actual page name. That's what this turns out to be. And then for page description, one of the things that I've been doing, and it seems to work really well, is I will literally take the call to action copy and put that in as the page description itself. So I'll come inside here and I'll take... So whatever your how to statement is, I'll copy that. They're going to come inside settings, right to the page description. I'll paste it right on in. This is what's going to show up inside of Google when someone finds your page. A little subtext that pops up. The other thing too is I would choose two keywords. So if this was... This is Allison's page. Allison Prince and then the topic itself. Or the other way around. You just want to make sure there's at least something in there. The other thing you're going to do here is put your name in. It could be the name of the company. It could be your personal name. That's very much your call. But I would have it be consistent across all your pages as well. This is how it will get ranked quick as well. Really indexed. That's what Steve Larson said. Can you avoid it too? Yes, you can. Just keep it in commas. Does it make any difference on your page from a keyword perspective? Like ranking too? I mean it could. We're such believers in driving traffic rather than waiting for it. Now the image that shows up when people share your URL, you go paste the URL and you go put it inside Facebook and it brings up that picture. This is where you're going to choose that image right here. So you're going to click the blue plus right here. Let's say it was this keynote picture for some reason. I'd add the image in. And ClickFunnels will tell you if there are things that it still needs for it to actually function well. So look down here in the bottom right and when I click save it's going to disappear, meaning all right, it should be good now. You can always click these notices sections right here and it will pop up and let you know what's going on. Does this make sense? I can't ask any questions. I don't remember without thinking I'm trial closing. I know the register in my seat now is going to do the pop up. Do you customize that and you just leave that alone? Oh yeah, no, 100% I do. So if you click inside here, so I'm going to grab the same color as this red right here. So I'll show the pop up. Obviously we want it to be this pink color that creates conflict. Call it a tangent. You don't want any tangents. The only tangent we want them to be having in their mind is should I register? So I'm going to go inside here, toss that red color in. There's a few different tactics here you can use. One thing we have found out is that asking more than their email address will drop your conversions. So just ask for the email address. Sometimes the thing that we'll also do though is ask for their phone number explicitly for the reason to follow up with SMS text notifications. Hey, your webinar is starting with the link going out. I'll show you how to do that. Any questions so far? All right, so to collect the phone number, right, this first field right here is the email. And I named it the email type so the system knows the look for that. All right, and you can edit it as you'd like to. But the second field here, and when I added in the actual element, type in input form, meaning we want to collect data. Just kill this. And then now I need to tell ClickFunnels, hey, what kind of data are you looking for when it's passing through here? So I'm going to go inside and set to phone number. Enter your phone. Is there a reason that you'd use the input form for the SMS sign up? You certainly can do that as well. Equivalent? Yeah, that's a, just so you see that method as well. SMS sign up. I'm probably showing the long way. Use this one. So click an SMS sign up and actually pop in this whole field for you. Wait, where's that? What's that? A lot of that's for the checkbox confirmations to stake them. Gotcha. Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah. So they need to be able to opt in. That's right. That's where we do that. If you click on this plus right here, add in the actual element, just search for SMS. What service actually does that? Twilio. So we can connect that with. Uh-huh. Absolutely. Yeah. So that's an integration here I can show you as well. So kill it. So look like this, right? You want to customize some things, but I'd like to receive SMS. This is huge. I mean, most email has like what a 10% open rate. If phones have a 90 something percent open rate for text messages. So this is a big deal. I would definitely add this in. So do you collect your first thing and last thing? No, there's no reason to. Even on order forms, often we'll collect just their email and credit card. That's all you need now. You don't even need billing address as much anymore. Have you ever tested incentivizing or the number or do you think that would stop? Incentivizing for someone's cell phone number. I mean, it might, they might think it's scammy at that point, you know, but hey, like this is a logical reason. Oh yeah, I would want to text, you know, reminder. Any other questions on this? Yeah. I just wanted to point out that if you're using the SMS on the plane with webinar jam and the integration is to just use the input tool to integrate and go to the webinar. So you wouldn't actually use the SMS input. You could just use the telephoning input, integrate webinar jam and it will push you through. That's the best way to think about it. Absolutely. Yep. Per situation there are certainly other ways to, you know, things got to get done on here. So, all right. Now the other thing you want to do is you, you have paid, right? Russell said an average of three to five dollars for this person just to come and hit this page. Three to five dollars per registrant. You want to, you can afford to bother them one more time, right? So if they're leaving, we want this exit pop to show up and say, wait a second. Register. Do you know what this is? So I'm going to go hit edit pop up settings. Scroll down to the very bottom here. It says, see it says don't show on exit. I'm going to change that to show on exit. Did you see that? Yep. Absolutely. So I'm going to show the pop up. I'm going to edit pop up settings. It's right down here at the bottom. I'm going to scroll all the way down and it says show on exit. You want to change that to show. What does that do exactly? Let me show you. So let me preview it here. This is the new page, right? Obviously it looked better than this, but as I go out of the page, the pop up is going to scroll up. Boom. Mind blown. Cool. What do you guys see for your average rates on that increase? I mean, I don't know the exact percent, but you can certainly, I mean, there'd be a lot of stuff left for it for sure. Yeah. Yeah. And if they check this box right here, then it'll pull up the actual mobile code as well. Yeah. So for the SMS, all I did is I came back inside right here. So let's act like it's not here. So I'm going to go click add new element. Come up here to the search bar. Let's see if we want to look for it below. Type in SMS. Just double click pop it in. Yeah. What questions do you have? You guys got it? All right. So you guys got the three secrets in, right? So we're just plugging and playing right now. So you got the three secrets. You got that main headline in. You got a few elements in there to make sure it captures their attention. Let's exit the page. I'm going to go to this next one. All right. I want to build for Russell. This is literally what I'll do though is we'll, we draw it out on a piece of paper just like this. As I move down page as I make X's across, so now that I've built it. All right. So I'm going to go to the webinar confirmation page now. So we're going to build the thank you page. Hey, thanks for registering. And we're also going to make sure we got a little SLO in there so that your ad cost gets recouped or gets closer to being recouped. So click on webinar red confirmation. I'm going to edit the page. I'm using the first version of ClickFunnels just because it's what I dream in. I'm not as familiar yet with the new version. You got 150 down. Thank you. Two shake. All right. So now this is where Russell will often say like, he wants to get them excited at this point, right? He wants to say, oh my gosh, thank you so much for this. I mean, I'll put your origin story in right here. Right? So I would go into YouTube and let me show you this. All right. So we went and we grabbed, you guys did your origin stories yesterday, right? You went and you said, hey, this is why I'm in this. You're trying to do an epiphany bridge with them. Let's get this uploaded into YouTube. Does anyone not know how to upload into YouTube? Okay. So I've uploaded this into YouTube. I'm going to grab the share link down here. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah, definitely. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of different video services for sure. I'm going to go inside the actual video element itself. I'm going to click on YouTube or whatever service you uploaded it into. Just paste the URL in and then auto play your video. Always auto play your video, especially on these pages. Auto play the video. I turned their controls off. I don't want them to be able to pause the video. Unless there was some training. Awesome. So we tested that and I'm pausing the video at all by chance. I'm not versus not. We have a broadcast room for our broadcasts for replays. It's a number one thing that ticks me off. It's annoying. I got to have to reduce some. But it's live. It's live. All right. So if you guys got to, what's that? Yep. Absolutely. So just to go over that again. So this is the video element itself. So I'm going to open it up. I went to YouTube on the side or whatever appropriate service you're using. I pasted in this share URL. And then I go to auto play, take the controls off. All right. Now all you're trying to do is at this point you're trying to pre frame them, get them ready. Hey, this webinar is going to get started. You're trying to get excited. And so we put a countdown clock here. So whenever the webinar is actually going to start, countdown clocks do amazing things. Put the actual time that the webinar is going to start. I do that by clicking on the actual countdown element itself. And this is starting 2025. Here we go. Yeah. Can't wait that long, right? All right. So let's say it's the next month on the 31st. And we'll be 1 p.m. Cool. All right. Now this is where Russell will put his SLO offer and his self-liquidating offer. If you look at his page right underneath this, he says, step one, get your two week trial of the click funnels. There's not even a step two. He's just step one. And so you click right underneath there and you get a trial of click funnels. And that will start to push people into that indoctrination sequence as well, right? To get them prepped for the actual webinar. So that click goes to the sales page for the click funnels trial. Yeah. So it's not an order form. It's just like. Yeah. You can literally just tie it into your other products. And then what indoctrination, so would they click that in the triggering? So. The free trial? Yep. That was already, so it's like a separate funnel, right? You don't, a lot of you guys already have all these products built. You don't necessarily need to build another one. You know, as long as it is complimentary to the webinar and doesn't scratch the same image, you don't want to buy a $47 product and lose that on the $997 sale. You know, this is certainly, it's not as a, don't stress about this part as much. Obviously the core is to do the webinar. But as you're starting to do this, recoup ad cost, you know, by tossing and other stuff. Don't stress about it. You said that there was another series or sequence when you click that. Are you using like a smart funnel to kick the series to the trial, like a new sequence? Are you? Are you sure that can? So for Russell's, right, he's got the 21 day ignite, your funnel series. That's all that would start like a normal click funnel's trial. Oh, after they buy it? Yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, oh, yeah, I don't know. Yeah. So this is kind of like a trip wire, essentially, right? Like, what if you're like actually selling something with a, you know, because this is obviously a free trial. So right low-barry, right? Right. It's like, you know, I'm selling my $27 or something cheat sheet. I mean, just put it there, right? Yeah. Click here for more information and then it takes it to like a little sale page. Yep. Put the order form right there or? Yeah, yeah, yeah, absolutely. And, uh, well, right now we don't want you guys to worry about it. I don't want you guys to worry too much. Well, I was just trying to illustrate that that's where an SLO could go to recoup ad costs. Okay. Yeah. You'll have to play with it a little bit. Okay. The danger with it and what I'm trying to warn you about is putting something there that will scratch the itch and makes them have no reason to get on the webinar. So it's got to be something that is, I can't really blanket statement answer that. You'll have to tweak that and play with it. Or something, you know, something else, you know, they might, they probably won't. Yeah, yeah. Like, hey, this is really cool training. By the way, this awesome little software that is made, I don't even know if it's any good, 47 bucks, whatever. If it's cool, whatever. You know what I mean? Kind of that. Exactly. Yep. Yeah. In this example, it's just an affiliate link. Two click phones, right? To set up. Sure. I don't have to load up action. I can just redirect that. Yeah. I mean, if you're selling something, you know, crazy, you know, or whatever, it may not make sense. I have a click phone was trial there. But yeah. The video, the video, you said you can't pause it? Like, I never was able to get that. Like, even if like, remove these. That's not that, that controls thing just removes the bar. Right. Right. You just don't pause it. It's something that's not going to last for a long time. Got it. So, yeah. So, on this specific page, you can pause it. Yeah. So, let's see the controls. So, it's not as, is that the same. No, that's an excellent question. So, the question was, is this the video that is also coming in this first email? And the answer is no. So, this, what you're trying to do at this point, now that you've gotten the registration, you've gotten their information from them. What you're trying to do at this point is you need them to fall in love with you. They need to start falling in love with the attractive character. They got to start knowing who you, who are you? You know, now that I've actually gone through and registered, you've given me pieces. All right. Now, I'm going to tell you more about myself. Is that the origin story video? Exactly. So, this is the origin story video right here on the thank you page itself. Yeah. And I don't know if you said this or I'll put it out for you. Do you know what your conversion is on cold traffic on that free trial? Roughly. I mean, any bump work at all? No. Todd would know that better than me. Yeah. It's completely cold. Like they haven't even gotten the information. So, just curious. Right. No, absolutely. So, I get in the 20s. You get in the 20s. 20% take the SLO. No, no, no, no, no. So, I do the same exact thing. I get in the 20s. What's your free trial offer? 31 days. That's huge. That's awesome. Yeah. That's cool. Congrats. That's crazy. Yeah. Pure profit on the back for the actual webinars. Yeah, Anthony. Thank you. You're welcome. You're welcome. Sorry, I have to go. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Thank you. Okay. Yeah. Great. You're welcome. You're welcome. I'll go ahead and start. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. You're welcome. Thank you. Okay. Yeah. You're welcome. I'm not sure if you're gonna try it. I don't think so. I don't think so. All right. you you st f ? n n능 Yeah. I have a really dumb question. What do you think for the creator of free ClickFunnels account? Like where does this go? Like what do I put? It would have to automatically go. Great question. Great question. All right. So the question is we got this button here. How do we tell people, you know, how do we tell the button where to go when someone clicks it? So I'm going to come down here and I'm going to click on the actual button. Like anything clickfunnels is how you toggle it. Just click on the thing. All right. Then I'm going to come down here to the URL action. And let's say, let me grab Google. I'll just grab Google's URL, go back inside and on the actual URL action itself. I'm going to post inside the right there, the URL. Now, I want this page to stay open. I want them to hear my entire indoctrination or my origin story. Right. So make sure if you want, you know, unless you got some other reason, go here to URL target right underneath and put new tab and window. That way a new window or tab will open up on their browser and keep the other one still playing so they can keep hearing it. You know, as much as you can keep them inside that funnel. You've paid for them to be there. Yeah. Our origin story doesn't mean, at least mine doesn't have any mention about the webinar or anything. Is that... You could certainly change that. If you wanted to mention, like, and I would be sharing... Yeah. I've seen a lot of people do that. And I would do that to personalize it. So excited you guys registered. This is going to be great. I'm really looking forward to this. Now, when I started way back in the day and you go on your origin story. So anyways, I'm going to tell you more about that and why the next three secrets are important. I'll see you guys on the webinar. Look for three more videos that are going to come to me. Tell any more about it in between then. You know, so you're introducing the indoctrination series. You want to know people, or let people know the plan is the whole way if you can. You know. So, all right. So in the actual meta tags itself and the actual data again, we've got thanks for registering. Again, I wouldn't leave the page description blank. This is like telling Google, hey, here's the title, but here's what it really is. So I'm going to come inside here and grab the congrats. You're booked. I usually just grab my main headline or the headline of the video. I'm going to toss it inside right there. For the actual page description, again, I'll, you know, put in the actual tags themselves. However it relates to you. So let me show you right here. All right. So I'm going to back right on out. I'm going to grab the registration URL right here. And I did assign a social image to this page. So let me go inside of, let's say, let's go to Facebook. And let me post in that URL that I grabbed before. And you wait a second. It should pop up. So there's the URL. So let's go to Facebook. And then I'm going to go to Facebook. And then I'm going to go to Facebook. And I'm going to go to the URL that I grabbed before. And you wait a second. It should pop up. So there's the image that I tossed in before. Yeah. It's the image that you put inside right here. So settings in the actual metadata tags right here, the social image. Right. It just pulls it from the URL page. All right. So I'll back out here. Does this make sense though? Are there any questions about this? So we've built out, you should now have your domino statement, your origin story video in here. Next thing we're going to want to do is we've got to trigger the sequence. We actually got to get this video sequence going out to them. And typically we'll spread it a day apart. If Russell is focusing on getting people to register Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, you know, that's three days. We're going to put them about a day apart usually. Right. And if they sign up on a Wednesday and the Indoctrination series keeps coming after the webinars happen, that's totally fine. That's not a big deal. So let's get this sequence going. All right. So what I'm going to do, let's go set up this page first. And if you haven't already, let's pull up the actual Indoctrination emails and load them into YouTube. What's your request? Did we get, did those we transfer? You know we did it. Okay. That sounds good. Hold on. If you can actually grab some video of Batman or something similar. Yeah, okay. Yeah, I'll see it. All right. So let's go to YouTube. I'll grab Batman. This looks good. Yeah. All right. Russell calls the office back there the Batcave. Everything's Batman. So he doesn't know. He is the original Batman. You know my boxing channel is the Batline. The Batline. All right. So we've built this page, built this page. Now, obviously we need an email so that it's going to send out to these guys. Right. And the email has got to point to another page where they can watch your video. Right. So we both need an email sequence, but we also need three pages as well. So if you look inside the funnel that you've got inside your accounts, indoctrination one, two and three inside of the funnel, that's these pages. We need to go put the emails together though. All right. We'll do that next, but first we're going to actually do the pages themselves. So you got the asset for it. All right. So let's go inside click funnels and I'm going to just open up indoctrination one right here. Edit the page. All right. Now right across the top on your indoctrination one, put your secret number one headline. Here are all the little keyboard clicks. Awesome. Any questions with that? Alrighty. Now I'm going to go paste in my indoctrination number one video. So I'll go over to YouTube. All right. I'm going to go down here to share. Grab this URL right down here. I'm going to go click inside of the video element on this first page. Go to YouTube and I'm going to paste in that URL. Stephen, do you actually like did a custom embed or you just use the regular YouTube URL? Typically just the normal YouTube. What's the difference? Not really. ClickFunnels already built the shell, you know, so you can just paste it right in. It's almost the same thing. So I've got the auto play on. Now if you're dropping really cool stuff, you know, and you could, you don't have to have it on, you know, actually hide the controls. You could leave the controls on or off, but. I'm wondering what your, if you guys are seeing like anyone clicking on the YouTube and just leaving the site, you know, because you two forces like it, right? On the bottom corner. Where Vimeo like allows you to just, yeah. That is one of the benefits of using other services like Vimeo and such. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Now what we want to do is constantly remind them, oh my gosh, there's this event coming up and you're part of a big community, right? And so we put the countdown clock also at the bottom. So while they're watching this, they're seeing it, set the exact same time right here to what you had it before. And then this confirmation event URL, right? You can change the text of this, but you're basically saying, hey, you know, confirm that you've got the right URL, you know, go to the waiting page, right? So what we do, what I do is I'll go take, let me back out right here. I'm going to take the webinar confirmation URL right here. So you click inside the funnel step itself and copy it. And go to the indoctrination number one. Preloaded Batman. Actually make it the action that happens when they click the button. And I have it open up in a new tab. Any questions about that? All you're doing is you're linking them together so that if they see that, yeah, it's going back to self-liquidating offer, it's going back to the confirmation page because the confirmation page, and we'll do this in a second, will redirect to the time that you set over to the new live URL. Does that make sense? You'll email out that link to them. You'll set that link for the confirmation page to happen at a specific time. So all you're doing is you're just, it's like building a, it's kind of like building a river. A little dam, you're putting them all together. Yeah. So then if you are going to do these things every single week, you just have to kind of go back in and just update the countdown timers, I guess. Literally, that's it. Countdown timers, and if you're doing it live, then you'll just update the actual URL for the spot. Let's say you're using go to webinar. They've got the specific URL of the event URL that pops out every time for you. That's the only thing you'll have to update because this URL is going to the page, not the actual event. You just change it one thing. Yeah. And the countdown clocks. That's it. What text needs to get there? Honestly, I just broke that. Confirm that you have the right, oh yeah. Not that. Yeah, reconfirm your seat. Yeah, reconfirm your seat. Make sure that you've, did you see this offer? Go back to the SLO. You have to test that for sure. See, every single adoption page goes right back to the SLO. Yep, so these pages, the way we set it up, let me grab this different color here. What we're doing is just making a link. Remember it's here, remember it's here, remember it's here. Because these indoctrination series, the whole purpose is to address those three secrets, which is supposed to knock down more dominoes. You're trying to basically get them sold before they get on the webinar. Does that make sense? Yeah, trying to sell them as much as you can before they get on the webinar. That way all you do on the webinar is closing. Just a rustle's doing it for like 40 minutes on his. How do you get them to the webinar? Sure, now we'll go through that for sure, yeah. Does that make sense? So, yep. Are you using ClickFunnels internal webinar service? Or do you guys use webinar jam? Usually go to webinar. We do, yeah. I just wanted to add an additional one. I thought that I had because to make a button that asks for a question, if they have a friend that might want to see this to share it. Love it. And then underneath the button, if you're flowing Facebook ads, if you go and find your turret or find the purple link to the ad you're running, have that be the link you're sharing so you'll get free organic juice on top of your feed. Yeah, absolutely. You want to say that here? You want to say that again? That was awesome. Yeah, James got a cool tip for this. Whatever you want to do on the button, but one thought I had was to, in your text on the button to pose the question, ask, you know, do you have a friend or a family member or somebody that you think needs to see this? And then in the link, go into your PowerEditor on Facebook and find the permalink for the Facebook ad you're running and have that be the link that you're going to share so that you'll get organic, essentially organic results on top of the paid ad that you're already running. I don't know if that makes sense for people. What would that be? Inside the PowerEditor in Facebook when you go find your... I mean, I found that one. Yeah, you can do it right behind the button itself. What was the mic up close or what works out for that? So I was saying you could either add an additional button below that one or make it that button, but asking and posing the question of, you know, if they have a friend that you want to share this funnel with, like, do you have somebody else? Now that you've seen a couple of videos, there's somebody else that you feel should see this along with you. And then go into the PowerEditor on Facebook and find the link to the ad that you're running, the paid ad you're running, and have that be the link that you're going to share when you click that button so that you'll be getting organic traffic to that ad on top of already paid traffic. So, something like that. Absolutely. Absolutely. There are a ton of more things that we could do on this funnel. I mean, infinite amount. Totally open up a can and I'm holding back, okay? But this is the basic, how do you run a webinar? This is the upsell. Right. How much do you pay for it? That's what I'm waiting for. Also, ask me if you're too late for a webinar. Those 100k funnels we were talking about? So this is like the base level to how do you actually get a webinar going, because there's a lot of stuff we could do with this to make it awesome for sure. If you watch Funnel Fridays every week, we go on and use and make the funnel. Pretty dang awesome. Which is in two days? Got a countdown calendar? Alright, so what we've done though is we've made this first page, right? So I'm just going to move kind of quick, because it's the same process for these next two pages. Grab your indoctrination video URL from YouTube or whatever service. Put it in this page for number two. Same thing for number three. I'm going to do it with you guys. I'll meet you right here. Alright, so I just finished page number two. All you're doing is you're updating two links again, just the video URL, and then that confirmation URL to go back to the thank you page. Alright, so we're going to do the next step, which is email. We've got to trigger these pages so that people can actually see them, right? So I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to make an email sequence right now that's one day apart that will let these people actually see these pages. Alright, so I'm going to come inside here. We built this page. Now let's actually go through and build the actual email sequence itself. Alright, so let me show you a little trick to make the speed faster on how to do this in click funnel. So what I do is if you hold command on your computer, click this indoctrination funnel step, then click the second one, then click the third one. All you're doing is opening up tabs. Let me just back out of all this stuff here. Woo. Alright, so now I got the actual URLs exposed for number one, two, and three. Alright, now we're not going to go over how to set up custom domains right here because it's a big process. But what I want to be able to do is if people are really hyper, right, there's going to be a percentage of your audience regardless of the number. If you're an audience regardless that already love you, you barely even spoke to them. They barely know you. They just love you, right? They saw your origin story. They're like, I identify with that completely. I need more info and I need it now, right? This is the equivalent of having a whole bunch of upsells. So what I do, and you'll see this, Russell did this especially in the 21-day Ignite Your Funnel series. He has igniteyourfunnel.com forward slash day one, forward slash day two, forward slash day three. So that when people are really, really hyper, they'll go through and they'll start finding the videos faster. The cool thing is they think that they figured something like crazy secret out. Yeah. It makes them feel like, you know what I mean? Oh, yeah. Yes. Yeah. So all I'm going to do is I'm going to change this path because what we're going to use, we're going to use that actual URL inside these emails in just a second here that we set them up. So I'm going to change this path to day one, the path. Does anyone not know what I mean when I say path? You just set it in a direct link to that funnel. To this page. Yep. So it's the forward slash and then after that, that's the path. So I'm going to go inside here on the first day and I'm going to click on publishing. You got to do some two different spots for it to work in ClickFunnels, right? So I'm going to come inside publishing and then you can come inside here, load up your own custom domains, put whatever you want in here. We're not going to go over that right now. But I'm going to come inside and I'm going to put, you know, secret one, you know, secret dash one. And I'm going to copy that. I'm going to click update funnel step. And then come back down here to the gear. Now what I've done is I've named the funnel step, which is all the funnels on the left, but now I got to name the page itself, this part. So I'm going to come inside and click the gear. You see, it looks really, really similar. This is very useful in split testing, but we don't have any setup. So this is fine right now. So secret number one. So you can put the same on the path as in the first step. You can only on the path and the, or only on the page and the funnel step, not on the actual name of the funnel. So, so like if I was the name, the funnel itself as a whole, I can't call it secret dash one. It'll put tons of strings and numbers behind it. Yeah. All right. So then I'm going to go down here to number two, but I'm still going to leave that tab open. We'll use them and make it faster in a second. I'm going to do the same thing. Copy it. Change it in the actual page itself again. Update the page. Go to the third step. Secret dash three. Same thing on the page. You got it. Woo. All right. All right. So what we need to do is we need to trigger this email sequence to happen as soon as they log in, right? As soon as they register for the webinar. So you think they're okay when what happens, something else has to happen, right? So when someone registers here and is passing right here, I need this to actually start going. So I'm going to come down to the actual registration page and we're going to click on the automation tab. This will actually set up the strand for the emails to happen. So click on webinar registration. And then click automation right here. Any questions? Sure. So on the webinar registration page itself, the funnel step, I mean, then I'm going to go click on automation right there. And you see there's a whole bunch of emails I've already preloaded in there for you. So for this, there's no integration here. I mean, I would still customize them for sure. You know, make them your own. So this is not action edicts actually. This is straight off of the funnel step itself. So there's several emails that are going to happen here, right? There are three emails that are going to happen over the next three days. We also at least obviously need to let them know, hey, you've been confirmed. So we got to toss in another email, right, for confirmation. And then we should have probably at least two more emails that come out prior to the webinar starting. So it's like, hey, it's starting in two hours. Hey, we're starting in five minutes, right? So we're going to put an email that happens right before the actual webinar starts. So we'll do like three hours ahead of time, minus three hours and then minus like 15 minutes. That makes sense. So we got five emails going on here, which I think is, yeah, we got five emails already loaded up in the automation tab. So all we're going to do is go in and put the correct time. Now, if you look down the side right here, see it says negative one hours, right? This is from the time of the actual webinar itself. Anyway, let's go through here and first we'll just finish this loop and then I'll come show more on this. So let's get the emails going for the actual indoctrination page as the happens. So that is, see it says part one, part two, part three. All right, so I'm going to come inside here to registration and we're going to open up this one right here, right? This is part one. We want this email to come about half an hour. This is an hour. It's about half hour after they actually registered. That's not a hard, fast rule. You just want to space them out. The minus one hour is like an hour before the webinar. Exactly. So we'll go in a little bit and we'll say, okay, click false, all that's starting at this time and it'll be based off of that. So I'm going to come inside right here and click edit. This is still have some stuff in here from a different webinar rebuilt for someone else. But I want this email to go to everybody. All right, then I'm going to click inside open email editor. I just left dummy text in here for you. And again, I'm going to be pushing them from this email back to this indoctrination video, right? So whatever you write inside here has got to be curiosity producing enough for them to click that link. So you can use funnel scripts for that. It's up to you. I'm going to go through that now. Just the mechanics of how to set it up. Yes. So this is, so back here from the automation, I'm editing part one. So think of it as secret one, secret two, secret three. So just click on open editor. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So all of this is using a, it's called SMTP. It's anyway, it's what ClickFunnels slaves to be able to send email from within ClickFunnels. So you can go get a free account at a place called sendgrid.com or I think mandrill charges now. There's a whole bunch of them. Sendgrid is the one we love. Yeah, it's like, yeah. And there's awesome, awesome videos to show you exactly how to. Yeah. It's like 10 bucks a month. Yeah. Yeah. We can only have three from emails. Yes. How do you get around that if you have time to? That's a hard question. Yeah. Currently, there's not a way around it. We just basically were talking about adding an additional plan that would have more options like that at this point. Yeah. That was more or less it. I thought you could like, there is a bigger plan. There is, we have a thousand dollar plan too. That's just not listed that we can set stuff up. Yeah. And then you've got like much higher limits on all that stuff. That's up to Russell. I'm not sure what we're bringing. We've got details for that. And then you can also, that's really a domain limit. So you can change like the name and like the person, but it's a SMTP domain. Yeah. It is, but it'll get you in spam traps and stuff. If you do that. Yeah. If you just change the from address without all the other setup stuff that goes along with it, then it'll just end up in spam folders. Maybe then at that point, you can't kind of like a more generic. Yeah. That could work too. Like we use click funnels notifications for autonomous stuff, for example. And it's just no reply to that. The from name can be Russell Brunson in her circle, like to be all kinds of stuff. Yeah. So we can use that for that. Cool. No, no, they do not. There's a ton of benefits. Actionatics extends, but you can do this all natively inside the, yep, the inside one. So, um, so you'll set up with SMTP, like send grid, things like that. So what I'm going to do now though is I'm going to link these two together. All I'm going to go do is grab the actual page URL and I'm going to go paste it inside of the actual email itself. So I'll do it with the first page into the first email, second, second, third, third. So let's grab, this is the first email that's indoctrination email number one. So I'm going to come back over to my other tab and I'm just going to grab this funnel step URL right here. This is the first indoctrination one. Click back in and where I was like to add an image. Um, and then, uh, include the link as a, as text and then also a button if we can toss it in as many times again. So I'm going to come inside here and actually change the link URL. So if anyone clicks the image, it'll take them now to this indoctrination. Steven, I take it since you guys are using send grids, like one of the highest level somebody writes. They do like us. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Awesome. All right. There are any questions you guys following us? So all of it is I took the page URL and I just dropped it inside of the email. Any questions on that? Awesome. Awesome. All right. So I'm going to click save here. So Steve, what happened to the secret one? Is that where you're leaving it or is that the video? Uh, yes. Yep. So I should have changed the actual text right here, but I'm going to show the link. Then I'm going to copy the link and highlight it. I'll click this little link button up here at the top, the chain link, and drop in the URL for the first final step. I'm sorry, the first indoctrination video. I'll click save. Then I'm going to close on out. So for the indoctrination email, are you leaving the link to the webinar? Yeah, I should have taken it out prior to this. Our purpose is here. All right. So then I'm going to do the same thing. So all we did is we just linked the first email to the first page right here. All right. So then I'm going to go do the same thing with these others. That make sense? So I'll meet you right here. Sounds good. All right. Now, if you guys want to test these emails, make sure they actually go to the right place. Go ahead and click save up at the top bar, and then click preview, which is right next to it. You click that, it'll open up as if it's a new page. And then you can click your links. There we go. Number three. Yeah. All right. Up to this point, what are your questions? Those were the emails that you were changing, right? I just want to make sure. Yes. Those are like the other things. Yes. Yep. I thought if you had to leave an example in there. Yeah. So this definitely helped clarify some stuff for me. I've had some confusion. Okay. Like when I'm emailing help, it's namely the fellows versus action addicts. I know you use goals. I know one of the main differences is like this doesn't allow broadcasting. That's what actually I think stuff is right. Right. This is not broadcast email. You have to schedule them. So if I were ever having actions within the funnel where I, you know, they take a specific action, and I need to bridge that to action funnels, is that through how I was getting it started? Sure. Maybe you can add something later. Yeah, absolutely. I'll answer that later. But yeah, it's actually really simple, which is awesome. So I'll show you that though for sure. So all right, up until this point, starting with the question. Yeah. So this model that we're doing our perfect webinar live on Thursdays. But what is, what is it like we're running Facebook traffic? Let's say someone optional Wednesday, they're going to, we have this at 48 hours later. So how do we? That doesn't hurt conversion at all. These are just indoctrination pieces. You can't change the timing on it too. And even then we don't. That would be a disaster. Even then we don't even change it. So we just let it go. You still run Facebook traffic the day before or up until, and then if they just happen to do these things after the webinar, is it just more? Absolutely. And the reason why is because these are just going to shoot them back to indoctrination pieces. You've got a whole three days or follow-up sequence. So they have time to get both on each side. You're not going to cut. And then, okay, and then no one's going to care if they go and then all of a sudden it says, it's going to be next week or something because they just got on and they don't want to care. No, because at that point after the webinar you'll be promoting post-webinar videos and replays. And have you ever done this also on Facebook ads? So these videos triggering on pixels like after they signed up, the exact same thing. But yeah, Facebook video ads. Yeah. That's actually what we were talking about a couple weeks ago. We were like, oh my gosh, another version way to do this is just have these links in the email go to your Facebook live post rather than the page. Yeah. Absolutely. Awesome. So at this point then, we've built out this whole system. Any questions? Everyone's there? Any questions about that? Yeah. Test send email. So that'll be through Actionetics again to actually test send an email. But what we'll do before this is you can just opt into your own system and you'll start to see all the sequences happen for you. Yeah. So how do you build SMS in here? Do you build an SMS for one, one, one? So I will show you that also in just a moment. So I got to show you SMS still and then redirects. And then just to clarify the timing, like so like the people they signed up for the webinar and then 48 hours later they'll go to the parents part three after the registration. Uh-huh. Okay. Yeah, that's totally fine. But in the negative one hour, they'll get that. Negative one hour before the webinar starts. I see. Yeah. So I got to show you how to set that up with two. Stephen, on that, you can, let's say you've got like a Wednesday and they register like on Tuesday. Uh-huh. Can you set it up with that just for 48 hours and just in 24, half an hour and one and they register prior to the 48 hours? It'll still go at the 24, the 48, all the automations will still happen on there. On there. But if it comes up. Even if they. They won't get the 48 hours. Would they still get the 48 hours? Uh-huh. Yep. They'll still get the four, they'll still get those three because there's no logic in there that we've put in like, hey, if they registered, don't send them this one. They'll still get the same three. So those emails more quickly. Yep. Yeah. All of those get more emails. So if they had registered last day out, they might get three emails like right away. And let's say worst case scenario, someone gets, it's not really the worst case though. They register two minutes before the webinar. They're still going to get all these sequences, right? All you're doing is reinforcing those three secrets anyway. I mean, it's not going to hurt it. So. Absolutely. Yeah. All right. Any other questions? All right. Let me show you how the SMS works. That's not good. So you've gathered their, their phone number now. See, we got to do those two. Okay. All right. So we still need to base this off of the registration time, right? So all I'm going to do is I'm inside the webinar registration funnel step. I'm going to click on automation. It's kind of like reload, reload. And literally I'm going to click add new SMS text. That's so hard. Isn't that nuts? Is that crazy? I know. Then I'm going to collect my, a select my integration here at the top. So you'll have to integrate with Twilio and we got a, we got awesome support articles on how to do that. The condition is I want everyone to get this, right? Because at this point, everyone is registered at this point. The message is, uh, hey, we're starting, you know, X, Y, Z, whatever your domino statement is. You know, in one hour. And then you can put the actual link for the confirmation page inside the actual email. I'm sorry, at the text. Toss the link in there. And then we're going to say, hey, minus one, minus one hour. And then I'm going to delay from the actual webinar time. Any questions on that? Create the text. It wouldn't even fire probably because it's from the time that you, you're setting off of a future date. So it'd be one hour from right now, but backwards, which wouldn't, nothing would happen. Because it's got to be negative. Yeah, get the DeLorean. Exactly. All right. So, any other questions on the SMS at all? We've noticed obviously very high open rate on text opens, but if you're going to abuse it, they'll opt out of you quick. So I would only send one, maybe two. So there's, there's that there. All right. So now it's kind of backtrack a little bit, right? Some, now they've registered. You guys have got your domino statement in. You got your three secrets, the three pages right here. Got all the emails to get them going. Let's make sure that they're also getting a confirmation email that happens. So right from the moment that they registered. So this is the confirmation, the, the, the name of these guys, their webinars ages, just a number. So I could come inside and see us as immediately. This is the confirmation email itself. So I'm going to come inside. I want this to go to everybody. I want there to be zero delay. I'm not setting it off the time of the webinar, which we still need to select as actual subject to the email. We'll open up the actual editor itself. And then literally exact same as before. If I let me open up this page. Literally the exact same as before. I want to put in this confirmation funnel step as well. So I'm going to go back inside the email right after they register. They get this webinar says, woo, you know, thanks so much. So excited to have you guys. This is going to be awesome. By the way, if you haven't seen, you know, you don't know, maybe they actually, uh, something died on their browser or whatever. Um, you want to be able to send them and have them see the origin story at all costs. So I'm going to toss in the origin story confirmation page. That a link. All right. That's pretty simple on that one. Any questions there? We're going to do the same exact thing for the email that goes out one hour prior to the actual webinar starting. So I'm going to come over here. Email delay. Now this is really key obviously because you got to select from the time the webinar starts. So delay from webinar time, negative one hour or a point seven five or whatever time minutes you want it to be. Yeah, this is, hey, it's starting soon. Like get ready. Do you remember you did this? It's been three days, which feels like an eternity sometimes. Got to remind them again. So open up the email. I'm going to drop in this confirmation URL. All right. So now it's all set. One thing you want to make sure you do as well as inside the preheader, you know, you guys open up the email on your phone. And it's got the subject. It's got the name. It's got the subject and then like a little preview of what's actually on the inside. You actually can choose what that is. So inside of the actual editor itself, click preheader. You can put whatever you want right here. So I put crazy curiosity, you know, producing stuff in there. Like if the subject didn't get into open it, then let's put something else in there. Sometimes it's like I'm in the middle of the conversation. And that's all the loaded unless they're an hour. What? That's all we want. What? Let me see that. Open them up again. All right. Any questions up to this point? That's a lot of stuff. I don't. Wow. All right. So we've created the confirmation email. We've created one of the emails for, hey, it's about to start just a little bit. Make sure you're all just going to be crazy. You know, baby. So now let's go select the actual time that the webinar is going to start. This is a huge deal, obviously. We need to click funnels to know that so the rest of this automation can go correctly. So all I'm going to do is I'm going to go to the webinar confirmation page step right here. Funnel step. It's actually inside the gear. See, it says webinar event time. That's how you select it. So I'm going to go choose the future date. I'm on the webinar confirmation page, right? And what I'm going to do is I'm going to come inside here. There's two things we have to do to make sure that this webinar goes on time. The first one is number one, click the gear inside of webinar confirmation step. And you're going to actually tell the page, hello page. This is when it's actually starting webinar event time. You're going to set it right there. Choose the date. Choose the on the hour time. All right. So I'm going to go ahead and update the page. Okay. Now we got to go tell click funnels also one more spot. And it depends on what you're integrating with. Go to webinar. Other services will have you go in and they will have you sync up. Go to webinar with the confirmation page. There's certain things you got to do. But for right here, let me show you because there's that can get a little intense. Let me open up the page itself. Now we need to be able to tell click funnels page. Hey, after such and such time or at this time redirect to the live link, right? So we've got, so here's the live webinar. We got all sorts of stuff going on before this. We need this page. Right. We got all these redirects. We got all these links go into the indoctrination page and the indoctrination page is sending it back here and emails are going back here, back here, back here. But we need the actual redirect to happen to the live page. Right. So if you're going on go to webinar, go to webinars, got its own platform here on the front. So we need to grab this URL and we're going to put it inside of this page on the redirect. That makes sense. So let me show you here. So we got this webinar starts in, right? And as a countdown timer, there's a crazy simple. So I'll just click right here. So it says redirect URL. So I'm going to come inside right here and select the time that the actual webinar starting 2025 again. It has a well planned webinar. Some failure to launch there. All right. So let's say it's March 2nd at, you know, 1pm mountain standard time at that time redirect to this live URL and you'll put the URL in right there. So the whole page will redirect to that live link. So someone keeps hitting it. Boom, boom, boom. Even past that point, it will continue to shoot to the live webinar. So if someone's 15 minutes late, it will still shoot them over to the live webinar. It's happening. Makes sense. So there's some manual parts to this like Russell was saying, but as you do this over and over and over and over again, the times that happen when you actually automate it, it's smooth like butter. Yeah. What's the link you're using for that? So what I'm going to go do is let's say I'm going to use... Go to webinar. Yeah, go to webinar. You know, there's a link that they pop out that says, hey, send everybody here for the live thing. You're taking that link and you're putting it outside of the redirect right there. Kind of cool, huh? Yeah. Is there like a time that you found that gets the best response time in the live webinar? You know, if that's per industry, if they're internet marketers like Russell says sometimes they're late night people, that could be a good time to go. If you're going for moms, I wouldn't go late night. You know, I'd go in the... Yeah, mid-morning, afternoon. So this redirects to the live webinar when it's time. But then we were saying like if someone gets this third in doctor email two days after the live webinar, where does this redirect to? So it'll still go to the live link, but if the webinar's over, it'll say this webinar is over. So sorry. Oh, you don't show it? You show it? Yeah, I do. Replay. Yeah, so you can shoot right to the replay, but... You can redirect that URL and plug it into the replay. Steve, a question for you. If that's live, Brian had this really good question. Yeah. If the link that you normally get to a webinar is like a link to register, right? This go to webinar where it's live and it's like when they click it, will they have to register again or will it just go to a live one? The two should sync together, right? When you actually register in click funnels, you tell click funnels, hey, this is... Yeah, we don't link back to the go-to webinar registration page. We can have them in click funnels and then they're email, they can email the login link for that. So... Just grab that link and have that be the 40. Whatever the link was for the go-to webinar registration page, yeah, which is this. Yep. So they... If it's after the fact, they'd be forced to go to the registration again. Let's say it's 15 minutes into the webinar. They should be able to join straight in. Go to webinar and let's you jump on the way to the... Really? Yeah. Oh, that's cool. Yeah, which is awesome. That's the beginning. Every time we do it, I'll watch around his shoulder and you can see the number of people that are in coming out. It's constantly adjusting. It's not like it's locked. Yeah. On the emails that you sent, do you want to change every single page like this or do you just do it on this page and this article? So from... That's a great question. So from these emails themselves, the link in this email is this page, right? And then from this page, that button right there, you said, hey, you want to check out the SLO? That's a great question. And then from this page, that we don't keep changing all in the future. That'd be a huge pain. So all you're doing is switching out this redirect link. Yep. Thanks. Yeah. You know where in the version 2, the redirect is? It should be on the exact same... It's the countdown clock. The date countdown element. Now, it's literally just the element itself, which is awesome. There are other versions of that as well. So, questions? This is like baptism by fire a little bit if you haven't used click funnels. So really, what's the big red button for? Not this big, but the indoctrination page. That sends from here, the indoctrination, right here, to this page where you've got your SLO to try and recoup at cost. So after the webinar is over, right, you've done the live webinar, right? At this point, you can go send out more emails to them, obviously, say, hey, get back to it. You guys should know, you know enough of the mechanics now of how this stuff goes. You can go make the pages, right? I'm sorry, the webinar replay page. And you've got emails going out to them and say, hey, check it out. Hey, check it out. It's going down. Russell's model that he shows here is Friday he does the replay. He's got it there. So Friday, his email topic is, hey, we got the replay. Hurry, go check the replay. Right? And then he's got to add scarcity and urgency. So Saturday is, Saturday's replay plus the cliff notes. That's how he does it. If you go register right now, if you go get it right now, watch the replay and his closes. You know, hey, if you go by it right now, I'm going to add in the cliff notes for you, right? But only if you go get it today, right? He's starting to pull back, starting to pull back scarcity closing as he goes. So now we got the cliff notes. What's that, something you buy? Yeah, you're using it as a tactic to close them. Yeah. Which everyone's going to get, right? He's just pulling out little elements to say, better jump in, better jump in. It's already part of it. You know what I mean? He's just putting out something out there. All right, now today bonuses are gone. All right, tomorrow, prices are going to rise. You know what I mean? Different strategies that he uses. So he does, and this last one is big urgency and scarcity as well, very strategic testimonials like he talks about, you know, this last day's replay. So it's all this is the day before plus there's more urgency and scarcity, you know, three emails falling up towards the very end of the day, five hours left, three hours left. Look at all these success stories. People are buying, someone's already made money, you know. And so you can orchestrate that per your industry itself. Does that make sense? That's kind of how the, this is a lot of stuff for sure. But you've got at least enough of the mechanics down that you'll be able to put that together quickly. The other thing is going to go over that. Is there a way in which we specify that, like in the entire phone, there's a ton of places we specify, like the day and time of the webinar. Is there a way with merge tags that we can, like if we need to add that, we can add it to one place and have that push through on the table. So he's talking about merge tags, which is a piece of short code is what we call it. It's hashtag, you know, webinar time, hashtag. So all you do is put that in there and it will automatically grab the date and time and put it in your email so you don't have to keep updating stuff. Absolutely. If you literally just go, yeah, if you literally just search merge tags and side click funnels, you'll know which ones to pull in. Yeah, they have one minute. Any other questions left? Any at all? Cool. Nice guys, thank you very much. Appreciate it. Appreciate it. Yeah.