How you guys doing? Cool, cool. For those of you guys who's your first time in ClickFunnels, the first time is kind of like weird, but after you play with it a little bit, it gets easier. And soon it's like the coolest, most easy, fun thing in the world. And if you haven't been using it, highly recommend go to funnelfridges.com. Every Friday we do a fun thing. We pick a random product, we make some fun funnels, but you like, we're always showing those things, the more you're watching it and doing it. And all the back archives of our show are there. Like just doing it is the biggest thing. And if you know you're not going to do it or you're scared to do it, highly recommend getting it to our certification program or setting someone on your team through it. It's for the best way to like really become an actual master or hire one of our certified partners. It's awesome too. So I just think everyone should learn how to do it because it's like the best part of what I do every day is just hanging on a quick funnel. So that's how much fun it is. All right. So I'm going to go probably for like less than 30 minutes because I know that we are all tired and I don't want to just make us all explode. So I just want to kind of end with one core concept. We talk about a lot. I talk about it a lot and I just want to kind of wrap with this because this is how we get people into our funnels. And I just want to make sure that I talk about it a lot, but not many people besides me actually do it. I keep hoping someday that everyone's like, wow, we should do that thing. There's always talks about it because it works really good and he does it and he keeps talking about it. So it's a thing called the dream 100. How many of you guys have heard me talk about it at least 100 times? And you guys have never actually done it yet? Who? Okay, let's come back. So who here has heard me talk about the dream 100? Keep your hand up if you actually have done it. You have done it. Do you have done it? If you're working on it, I'll give you that. All right. I'll give you that. That's kind of cheating, but you can have it. Okay. So the dream 100 and the dream 100 is basically a concept I learned originally from chat homes. I'm not going to go the whole backstory, but he was using it first off to get the Fortune 500 companies to be his clients. Then he used it to pitch a film, a movie that he wanted to, he wrote the screenplay and he got someone in Hollywood to buy it from him and actually produce it in the movie. And we've been using it for the last seven or eight years to get people to promote our products. I talked to, I think Jill mentioned yesterday, like asking about stuff outside of Facebook. And I look at Facebook as Mark Zuckerberg is one of my dream 100, but that's only one. And if all your business is on Zuckerberg, like if he changes, cause I know what happens when it changes. I've been through this man for 13, 14 years now. So initially my business, my dream 100 was Larry and Sergey from Google and then they screwed me. And then I switched to the other platform, the free Google and then they screwed me. And then it was like, then my space, then how do you know who owns that? And then it just disappeared overnight. Like, whoo. And then like, it was thing after thing. And like, so I become very like nervous about like having everything in one. How many of you guys business 100% is like all Facebook right now? Okay. So yeah, like two people admit it. There's more than two people. All right. Okay. So those who will be willing to admit it. So remembering just Facebook, Google, whatever, like that's just like one partner. So for me, the way the dream 100 basically works is it comes back to, we talked about day number one. Okay. We got our three markets. So you're either health, wealth relationships and you go out to your sub market and then you've created your own niche. So the dream 100 usually is coming one step back. Okay. Which I think is the next slide. So if you've got three markets, you're, let's say you're in wealth, you're in real estate and you've created this, my dream 100, I'm going one step back to the sub market. Cause I want to capture everybody that's in the real estate space are my dream 100. And if I actually created a new market as opposed to just jumping in an itch, there's like 1500 people in. If it's a truly unique thing and a blue ocean, then what's cool about it is all those, all the people that would have been your competitors now can become your greatest partners in the whole world. Okay. So I'm looking at that. And then what I do is very simple and very easy is I make a list. So I say, okay, who are all the list owners that have my potential customers on their, on their list right now? And I make a list of as many people as I can, 20, 20, 30, 40, 100, as many as you can think of. Then who are all the bloggers whose, whose blogs have all my dream customers on it. And I make a huge list of all the bloggers. Then who are all the podcasters? Who are all the people and social media influences? Who are the Instagram people, the Facebook people, the Twitter people, all the people that have huge following of my dream customers, people that I want to give me money, who already has their attention? Okay. And so we do this, we, we did a couple of years ago, we kept adding the point, our dream 100 is about 500 or 600 people. Recently for the new book launch, we started from scratch, kind of redid this whole exercise, which was about three weeks ago, four weeks ago. And it was really fun. We sat down and we said, okay, who are all the list owners that have our dream customers? And we had four or five of us in the room. Every single person we think of made a list of, I don't know, 40, 50 people. And then we went through bloggers and I'm not just talking about this, we're doing it. We're still doing it. And then what we're doing for my book launch is after, after I know who my dream 100 is, there's different ways to get hold of them. It's known, but my favorite thing is we aggressively market them by sending them cool crap in the mail. So this is the box that got shipped out to all of our dream 100 yesterday, yesterday, this one out. Who wants to see what's inside of it? You have to promise for my book when the Glantz skin, that's the only way it works. Okay. So if they get this box and they open it up, cause it's a cool thing. I don't know about you guys, but I'm super busy. I have a million things happening every single day, but the second the UPS two shows up, everybody knows, it's not from the middle of a webinar. They will interrupt me and bring me the box. Like, I don't know if you guys are the same way. Like it's the only way to get past the gatekeeper directly to me. And if there's somebody, and Melanie knows this, everyone knows, like, don't open my boxes. Like that's like Christmas every day. So I order, when I order things on Amazon, I order them at different times throughout the day. And I order them in one box. I want two boxes. So that's just how I am. And I think most of us are like that, right? So you open it up and there's a letter at the top saying, welcome to the ClickFunnels dream 100. And then I explain like, Hey, I'm Russell. And I talk about this. I talk about this thing is happening and why we're trying to build ClickFunnels and take over the world. I got this new book launching and by promoting the book, you can sell ClickFunnels. Here's our Dave's and Kevin's contact, our Philly managers. And we send this cool letter. So letters cool, but then it's like, if I make a letter and they get it in the mail, no one's going to bring it to their office. No one's going to hand it to them. It's just going to get piled away. So I have a box full of cool stuff. So when we got ours, it's first off, I gave them all a copy of the expert secrets book that's empty because the book hadn't been written yet. But I was like, I got to promote a book and then like just there's this book I promise is coming out. It's going to be awesome. So this is like least tangible and they can like, they can read the back. So it's like, they know what it's about. And then they're like, oh, so I sent them all a blank copy of the book, which is kind of cool. So we sent this out as it started going out. We've already had a couple of people say, hey, if I promote, well, I get a copy of the book early. So I haven't been blank pages. It's actually a very smart strategy because they're getting all of them starting to increase curiosity and they're like, well, I want to see what's in there. So I would highly recommend every angel book through a 3.5 watch, you always send it out with blank first. It was the first time I've ever done that. I wrote the letter and talks about the book, the book, and I was like, they don't know what that is. So I messaged my team. Like, can we like just print a book with the cover? And anyway, week later, we had 200 of them in the hour warehouse. Then we, so the whole like us versus them finding common enemy through a rock. So we like a big believer in that. So we made our own comic book, the ClickFunnels Avengers comic book, where initially we fight Loki pages and we beat the trash out of them. And then we go on after this big enemy called Confusionsoft. And it's this whole like comic book telling the story about what like ClickFunnels plans and their goals are. And I am Iron Man. I'm Thor. Todd got to be Iron Man because he's the smart billionaire and I'm the dumb guy with the hammer. Anyway, so we have the whole story. And the end of it is basically telling them like, like, hey, if we're going to defeat this Confusionsoft, this huge enemy, we need your help. Do you want to come and be part of our Dream 100? So it's kind of a fun thing just to like get them to have. And then this thing you talk about and I always want to send weird crap. So when people are other marketing seminars, I was like, you said weird thing. We're also sending them out, which helps really good. We're trying to do something. And then we send them all like a doll of an Avenger, which you got a whole bunch of ones, right? Like some people got Thor, some got Hulk, some got different things. And so that was like the first package in the sequence is going out. Now with our Dream 100, we have, we have a monthly schedule of stuff going out to them like this. Because some people are going to get this and they're going to be like, that dude is weird. Why is he like having his own comic book? And they're going to think weird things. But if I am consistent with it, keep getting it, eventually like, who's this dude that keeps sending me stuff? And eventually they're going to contact me and it opens up a whole bunch of doors. So I'm a big believer in sending stuff in the mail to my Dream 100. So they're very aware of me at all given times. And so that's a big part of it. As we move to the book launch, we'll be sending out things every single month. When we did the Dotcom Secrets book launch, we sent the books, people, and then we were giving away my Ferrari. So I got on Amazon, I got five or 600 Ferrari keychains. I sent Ferrari keychains to everyone. We had little tiny Ferrari's another week, another month we sent a Ferrari's to everyone. Like kept sending them stuff so they're like, I keep getting Ferrari's and keychains and all this crap from Rust. Like what is this book he keeps talking about? And it's like being aware, like being in front of them so like they're always there. And like you're at least once a month, like they're getting something hand delivered from you from the mailman that they're opening and they're like, this is the cool new thing. So it's a really good way to build relationships. Now, in my perfect dream world, yeah. Is there any secrets to getting people's physical addresses? Yeah, it's really easy. So you email them on Facebook, hey man, I got a gift for you. What's the best address to send it to? That's it. If you email them, they never respond back. You're doing anything but Facebook, I was like, hey, we got a gift for you. What's the best place to send it? And everybody except for one person gave us their address. No questions asked. One person's like, well, what do you send to me? So we kicked him off the dream 100. He's out. You don't trust me. You're not going to smell my stuff. Anyway, so my biggest thing, so after I've kind of created my dream 100, there's two parts of this. The first half of this on the left hand side is you got to dig your well before you're thirsty. If I just go and message someone, hey, my book's launching, promote it. That's just not cool. It's not awesome. Relationships come first. So I'm starting this process a long time before I'm asking for anything. So I do that. All these people, I follow all my friend. I'm going to subscribe to them. I comment on their posts on Facebook. I get to know them. I buy their stuff. I'm always trying to figure out how I can serve them. If I had a podcast, which I don't, but if I had a podcast with any of the people, I'd be interviewing them because that gives you a chance to get to know people at a really personal level. I'm trying to figure out how in the world I can provide value to my dream 100. Because the cool thing is if you want one person to dream 100 to say yes, that can be worth, a lot of cases, millions of dollars. So I'm trying to think, how can I kiss these guys' butts? And I do that in a lot of different ways, but that's what I'm always looking at. People always ask the secret to good marketing and it's like relationships. It's just getting to know people and being cool with them. Even the people that are horrible, people will back to you. If you're still cool to them, you never know what's going to happen. In fact, one of my close friends, as we were launching ClickFunnels, I'll say his name, it's Mike Phil's name, one of my closest friends forever, we were about to launch and ClickFunnels, we were coordinating this whole thing together. I was all excited. And then the launch happened and he didn't respond. And he'd been talking about it a week earlier. And I'm like, hey, man, you there? What's happened? What's happened? Nothing, nothing. And then three days and he's like, hey, turns out I'm partnering with Kyle Gramm on 10-Minute Funnels. Looks like we're making petters, man. Ha, excited for the whatever. And I was like, I was like, I was just like, dude, I thought you were my best friend. And I wanted to stab him and kill him and fly to his house. And eight months earlier, he was going through a really hard time, had him come to my office. I spent all his time with him while my wife was home puking. And I did all the stuff for him. And I was just like, oh, I had so much rights to go and want to destroy him. And instead I was like, hey, man, don't worry, I totally get it. Good luck. And I just left it and didn't destroy that relationship no matter how bad I wanted to. And three weeks later, he realized that Kyle Gramm software sucks. And the deal was going to work through. And he came back and said, hey, man, I apologize. I think Kyle didn't work. I was like, no worries, man. That's cooling my help to click funnels. He said, yes, come to my event in three weeks and give a presentation. So you're thinking $1,000, which forced him to write a webinar, did the webinar, pitched it there, launched click funnels. He did three webinars to his list without any reciprocation, did over $1 million in sales, introduced this to about 15 other people. And from that one relationship that I could have screwed up, I probably made $9, $10 million in the last two years off it. So just remember that one person, all of your networks, your Dream 100s are small. There's a lot of connections. And even if people aren't good to you, just be good to them no matter what, because you never know what's going to happen. So I'm digging my will, trying to figure out the value stuff. And then the next side is, how can I work with these guys? So the first level of it is them to promote. That's my dream. If I get them to send an email, promote, post on Facebook, whatever, that's my biggest dream is to get them to do that. If they won't do that, I know Tony Robbins is a good friend. No matter what I do, he's never going to promote my book because he doesn't do that kind of thing. But I do know that Tony Robbins is my Dream 100. I know he's got 1.5 million followers on Facebook and over here. So now I go directly to Zuckerberg. I'm like, hey, man, can I promote on Tony's face, on his wall? He's like, sure. And then I can buy ads and I can target Tony's audience. So we target all the audiences in our Dream 100. So step one is getting them to promote. They say, no, cool. We're just going to go directly to your customers through the different channels, through YouTube, through Twitter, through Instagram, whatever we can go. That's the second path. And then the third is doing actual true joint ventures. Like, how do we integrate together? Like, how do we do cool stuff with those people? Jim Edwards is a good example. He had funnel strips in his customers. We had ClickFunnel. We did this partnership. We co-created products together, and that's the other thing. But that's the Dream 100 strategy. And it's the basis of everything we do for our traffic. Everything is tied to that. So nothing external always comes back to that from ads to everything. It's like, how does this come back? Who's our Dream 100? Who already has our customers? And trying to figure out. Like I said, for most of you guys, Zuckerberg should only do this that's on here. So it's time to start diversifying. Because I have almost gone bankrupt three times. And every single time is because I was focusing on just one thing. One traffic source, one merchant account, one. Anyway, so one is a scary number. So diversifying and finding these kind of things is big. And if you go through it kind of the way we're showing you, like, I don't know if I've been chatting homes seven or eight years ago. We've been doing ever since. And it's just fueled our businesses. It's done everything. And it's awesome. So Dream 100 is a big thing. That's an example of our package. One last cool thing that we're doing, it's not live yet, but on RussellBrunson.com, I'm going to do a blog. And I hate blogs. But I'm going to do a blog that's like a journey blog, like a timeline going through things. And the goal of the blog is I'm going to show everybody how we go from zero books sold to a million. That's my goal. And we're going to blog each week. I'm blogging on the process of what we're doing. And I'm showing pictures behind the screen. So I have three blog posts done. They're not live yet. The first one was us doing the Dream 100. And I walked through the strategy. And the second one. So you guys will be able to kind of watch that process as I'm going through it and seeing week by week what we're doing, what we're sending Dream 100, what we're like all these pieces that all comes off this one foundational piece is the Dream 100. So I've said it a lot. I say every time we meet together, it's like this is the strategy that'll help you go from every rat and just start layering on traffic and conversion to people and just keep growing and growing. Yeah, Becky? So I finally have a mass market offering. So I'm not just doing a little therapy space in the month. But you have a big name. So I mean, I could see, you know, Frank Kerr and all these people would be great for me because what I'm going to be offering, blogging services, everyone needs content. But I don't want to be the stalker of any, right? Who the heck am I? I start sending them stuff or whatever. I mean, how did you start when you were really no name? The same way I just told you. I got to build a Dream 100 list and start sending stuff. Guess the way, like, so you may think you have no name, but guess who has no idea? All you know is like, I got this weird box of crap from Russell and I opened it up and I'm like, oh, I got a doll. This is cool. Like, who's this guy? It looks like he's 11 years old on this picture. Like, half my Dream 100 have no idea who I am. Like the ones that are no I am, I just email them and they do. Like most of these people are not people that are my warm market or have no idea who I am. It's just kind of putting it out there. And that's how you become part of the network. That's how, when they keep seeing your face everywhere, like, who is Becky? Like she keeps sending me stuff. Like she's got to be like a big player if she's that consistent. Like, what's, I need to meet Becky. Like what's this, and all of a sudden, like, that's how the connections meet. It opens up doors for you to do phone calls and all the other kind of stuff. Yeah. Can I tell a story, girls? Please do. I don't have a Dream 100, but I have certain people that I like really like wanted to work with. I'll have one after this meeting. So, but I used to follow this gal named Heidi Powell who is huge in the health and fitness industry and she has a TV show on ABC called Extreme Weight Loss. And I was just like a fan girl and saw her put on a blog. So she would have been in my Dream 100, but I just didn't know. Like I was like, you know, what you just said, she wouldn't have known me. I wouldn't have known her. And I saw her put out a post about this concept, the perfectly imperfect and it went viral and it went on, having been posted. She said, I'm going to hand pick some bloggers to help me promote this campaign. I thought, oh my gosh, like, I want to help her with that campaign. So I'm like so stoked. So I went to her website and I was like, I'm going to email her and tell her, I am your woman. Like I'm going to help you with this campaign. And I went to her no contact button. There's no way for me to get a hold of her. So I'm like, correct. So I was like, I really, really, really want to help her with this. So I, I guessed. So I tried like 20 versions of an email address Heidi at Heidi Powell.net, HP at Heidi Powell.net, contact 19 came back bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce. One of them worked and her assistant run me back. But in the email, what you have to do, you can't just say, Hey, I follow you. I want to help you with this campaign because I get now I get a lot like that. What you have to do is you have to put so much. You have to make it one really easy for them to say yes. So it can't be like, make it feel like there's a lot of work for them to do. And secondly, you have to really like, no, do a little bit of homework and know them really well and no understand like what their, um, what their intention and prerogative is and what they're trying to promote and expand on. And then you give them ideas on ways that you can help them with that. And so that is when I created that video that you saw the perfectly imperfect video that went totally viral and I got over a hundred thousand new Facebook followers from that one video because like, I was like, I just guessed on an email address. And I had this great, you know, I had this idea that I wanted to help her. So, um, I do that now. And just FYI, 99 times out of a hundred, I never hear back from the people on my dream 100 that I reach out to. And now that I have a following, it gets easier and easier, but especially at the beginning, you have to like just know that like one will eventually like get back to you and that one could explode like you said, make you 10 million or however much you want. Awesome. So two, two kind of things on that. I agree. Like even us, like we'll contact a hundred people and we'll get 30 to say yes and we'll get six to actually do it. So it's not like I'm bad like 6% and like 6%, like a three or four million dollar launch. Like it's like awesome, right? So that's part of it. The second thing is what you just said is interesting. And I'll tell you kind of story behind that. Anybody here know who Tellman Knudsen is? A couple of guys. So Tellman was a friend and I met him initially because he called me. I think I was on his dream 100 back then. He called me and he's like, Hey man, I got this thing I'm creating. It's called list crusade. And basically I'm setting up a squeeze page and then I want you to email your list to my squeeze page and it'll, the people will join my list and then I will promote your products to your people. I was like, dude, that's the stupidest I've ever heard. He's like, no, I'm going to get like a hundred people to do this off a huge list and then I'll promote your stuff. I was like, like, you're not going to get a hundred. I'm not going to. I'm like, yes, that offer. It's horrible. I kind of made fun of them and then we like it ended. I was like, what the like horrible, right? But I didn't know behind the scenes is Tellman called me. He called one person two, three, four, five, six, and they didn't call him like 48 people and everybody told him the same thing. Like you're an idiot. And then the 49th person was Kevin Wilkie. He pitched Kevin Wilkie. Kevin's like, huh, that actually might work. He said, shoot, tell me I'm in. He's like, okay, cool. So they hung up the phone and they called the next guy and his list said, Hey, I'm doing this project with Kevin Wilkie. He comes in and I'm in and I do one of this thing. He said, sure. He said, yes, yes. And then he said the next like 30 people in the row all said yes. And six months later, I saw this launch where every big name Joe Vitale, all these people that I looked up through all emailing Tellman squeeze page, told him to the list of like a couple hundred thousand people and made a million dollars in the first 12 months. And I was like, this is insane. So the lesson behind this, how many of you guys ever seen the movie? Never been kissed. All the ladies raised their hands. I heard about it from somebody I know, but I've never. Okay. So there's a scene. So Drew Barrymore is like this nerdy girl in high school, never been kissed, right? That's the name. And then she becomes a reporter and she's like, becomes this cool reporter and she's still never been kissed. But then she gets this job from newspaper, like go back in high school and try to like write some reporters, write some articles. So she goes back to high school and immediately she jumps right back into like the nerd clubs and all this stuff. And she's writing these articles and her boss is like, these are like the stupidest, like nobody cares what the chess club is doing. I want to say, I want to say, I want to say articles about what the cool kids are doing. And so she's like trying to get in with the cool kids and nobody, like nobody will let her in, right? Then her brother who's played by David Arquette, he sees that she went back to school and he was like, like super jock in high school who's like a loser now in his life. And he's like, I want to go back to high school too. So he sneaks back into high school and he gets back in, you know, playing the system and he gets in there and he starts playing baseball and stuff. And he's watching his sister and he's like, you got to hang out with the cool kids. And she's like, it's not that easy to get to be in with the cool kids. He's like, yeah, just watch this. So he's in the cafeteria, he walks over and he grabs the coleslaw, big old tub of coleslaw. He gets up on the table and he starts eating the coleslaw, like trying to eat the whole thing. And the whole thing, like it's just an entire like cafeteria is around and like, oh yeah, yeah, yeah. And he eats as much as he can. He slams the thing down and like suddenly he's the cool kid and he comes back to her and says, okay, now watch this. And he starts going to all the popular girls. He's like, hey, do you know Josie over here? Like we used to date, but she totally broke up with me. And they're like, really? Like, yeah, like she's so cool and whatever. And then she walked away and then all the girls like want to become, you can start becoming friends with her. And Dave Arquette says something powerful. He says, all you have to do is get one cool kid to think you're cool and then you're in. Like that's the key. For Tellman, as soon as Kevin Wilkie said yes, he had one cool kid and then he was in. And so that's the big thing is like, you may have to ask a hundred or two, like a whole bunch of people, but as soon as you get that one connection in, then it's easier. Like it becomes easier and easier and easier. I said, after Mike Philstein promoted, then he made all his friends, hey, Brunson's webinar is killing. You guys should all, you know how to pull off this. Next week I had seven webinars lined up. I was doing two or three a day. And then those guys all told there and there's just like, boom. So that's kind of the dream 100 works. And the biggest thing is like, don't think that you're nobody, like you're somebody. And as soon as somebody connects with you, then it becomes easy. The other thing that's kind of interesting is like, I have a lot of people who ask me like, hey, what can I do for you? I'm like, I don't, I have no idea. I don't know how to answer that question. But people kind of be like, hey Russell, I noticed you in this. I could do this. Why don't you do this thing for you? I'm like, oh, it'd be awesome. So thinking about that, also Sean Stevenson, I had called him a while ago and the way he approached it was really cool as well. He's like, hey Russell, what are you working on right now? And I was like, oh, we're doing this TV show called Fun Lackered TV and I was like, he found out what I was excited about. And he's like, oh, that's cool. He's like, how could I support that? And I was like, do you want to be on an episode? He's like, that'd be awesome. And then like this instant connection, it was like he asked me first what I cared about. And I told him, he's like, how can I help be part of that or facilitate that and then open up this huge door? And it was awesome. Trust? So I'm just going to share one of the things that I've done. So as I looked at my Dream 100, there's certain people that kind of feel unreachable. But what I started doing is I said, well, what circles does that person run in to people who are reachable? And so I found kind of the same people that I went to. What I would start doing is I would go to different events or coaching or whatever to one of those people. And when we were done, I would actually say, hey, you know what? Can you make a quick video about so and so? And then I would be on the video and that person would be like, hey, so and so. Just got this quick message or and then I would Facebook it to that person. So what I started doing is associating myself with all these other people that were in that circle. And it started to make me a little bit more well known with those people. I've gotten three videos like that from Travis, by the way. And I've gotten two Dream 100 packages, both which are on my shelf right now. Anyway, he does good. The big part about two is don't be like that person who's like the only reason I'm contacting him is I want something out of him. Legitimately, I try to become friends with these people. And when all of a sudden, we do business, people we actually like. Like, yeah, we're going to read my book. I don't care. Like, this is like open up a door, but I'm trying to become friends. The Dream 100 strategy we did with the first book, I didn't know any podcasters at the time and we sent it to like kind of 50 or 60 podcasters. One of them was John Lee Dumas, who like a week later messaged me like, dude, I read your book. It's freaking amazing. And I was like, all right, I didn't know who I was. I don't think he knew I was before either. But I was the connection and like we became friends. I think I've been on the show three or four times now. He's done the click phones one or twice. He's won cars from us. He's made insane amounts of money and he's never asked for anything and reached like, he's one of the coolest guys ever. But it's like we have a general like, like friendship and connection now, but it came off of like, that was the thing that opened the door. And now it's just like, there's so many cool things that happen from that. So it just opens doors, builds relationships, friendships and open. Like it just, it becomes really cool. So the rule for all you guys, if you're at this next event, you haven't done something dream 100 related, which we do with my kids. I give him swirly's. So I grab them flip upside down and walk in the bathroom and at first like it was a bad thing. Now they all love it. They're like, give me a swirly and it's a horrible like anyway, it's really fun. So maybe swirly's, but we'll, we'll, you guys know now we have a bathroom. We can do our own swirly's, which should be awesome. So all right. The last thing I want to end on then you guys is just, I know that there's a lot of people who are like, I know that for all of you guys, you're different spots in your business. And I know we talked about this as kind of our, our theme for our event in a week and a half from now, but I just want all you guys to remember that like no matter where you're at, if you're beginning, you're the middle, you're at the end, like wherever you're at, like whatever your goals are, whatever that result is you want to get, like you're legitimately one funnel away from that. Like, and you guys are here with my story, the week and a half of the fun walking live, like, like my journey has not been like, the whole time it's been like, and every single time it was a funnel that like, that turned it around for me. It's not the mechanics of a technical funnel. It's all the stuff we talked about today, the message, the market, figuring out the right offer and like getting people exactly what they want. When you do that and you serve people that level, that's when, that's when things take off for you. And so it's, if nothing else, like being consistent with it, being consistent on building funnels, putting your message out there, being consistent with those things, you don't know which ones are going to hit, which ones are going to be, you know, singles, doubles, which ones are going to be home runs, but the more of it you're doing, that's how you have success. Okay. The more times up at bat you have, the more likely you already hit it out of the park. And with that said, we want to appreciate you guys for coming to Boise, especially during Super Bowl weekend and for hanging out and had a great time. So thank you guys so much.