But it'd be easy to do my own products. I want to do somebody else's products. It'd be more fun if I'm pitching somebody else's product. I want to show you guys how much fun. At one of our inner circle meetings, I did this. We had three people in the row where I just did their whole webinar, and then I pitched it live-ish, and it was awesome. So, I'm going to go ahead. It was fun. Robert Jones, dude. Everyone's fighting. Everyone's fighting. You can do it. Yeah, I'm not going to do it. I want you to do mine after if you want to do that. I actually want to do Allison's. Did you want to let me do yours? Yes. All right, come on up, then. Come on up. So, come on up. Skip a round of applause. Come on up. I'm not going to stream it live, but I'm going to do it recorded so you can see me pitching your stuff, because I want to see what it is. You carry that? It's like you're in the ride. Welcome to Disneyland. It's a small world after. I have little tea cups, and I'm just spinning around. So, all I need to know is a couple of things. So, first thing, tell me about, oh yes, does your have a microphone? Yeah, almost. Okay, so tell me about the market here, and so I understand that real quick. Okay, so part of this journey is I'm a serial entrepreneur, and squirrel, squirrel, squirrel. Welcome to our family. And I am trying to focus down on the one thing that's going to get me the most bang for my buck so I can do it with my family, whatever I want to do. So, I'm going to just tell you one of the products that was successful. So, three, no, just a couple of years ago, my girls were sleeping in and being lazy. So, I said, okay, you have an option. You can either do more tours or start a business. So, they started a business, and jumping to nine months later, they sold $100,000. Okay, the beauty of this, I know you lie, seriously. Okay, is it not on? Oh. I might get a listing on it. So, my daughter, who was in San Francisco to come home, and she was crying, mom, I can't open up my locker. I don't know how to open up my locker. I mean, it's so funny. You just sold $5,000 today. Please don't want to sell. So, what were they selling? Skars. They sold Skars. So, what's the process? What do they do to create them, or I want to understand that story? So, I import a lot of them, so I do have some connections, which is beautiful. Part of my courses, they help people find their products and find what type of quality they want, whether they want quality or the market quality, I think we would get them into the right manufacturer to get their product. So, I have them decide on the product that they want, because they need to have a passion about it. So, they sold these Skars, they chose the designs, we brought them in, and I have them take out a loan, and they have its ender son, right? You can't just go get free money, and I wanted to show them the whole process of how running a business works. And so, they chose it, and it's okay, now what do you need to do? And it's opened through the whole process, so you can use the whole website, you can have an email, and they're like, let's email. Email her for old people. No! Consider on like Instagram, and so like that. She just doesn't... Emails for old people. Seriously, I felt like each and every one of them. But that's what you can do, right? And so, this is such a crazy ride, it seriously is. So then, I said, okay, now, you've got everything set, you've learned how to do inventory, you've learned how to put your pictures on the site, you've got this beautiful car, all the people that... Now, you've got to drive it. So, you're going to drive this thing for cells, and so you're sort of going through the process of, you know, what is the next idea, what's the next idea to do? Am I going to write it or... Yes, you're wanting me to go. I need your stories, I'm going to tell you stories, this is good. Okay. This is really good. And so, the first one they did, they ended up doing... Well, she came up to me right before we did the first launch, and she's like, mom, what if we don't sell any scarves? I'm going to be in debt to you forever, and I'm like, honey, you already are, don't worry about it. And she's like sweating bullets, and as a mother, I'm just like, this can be so great, I'm so excited. Either way, she's learning, right? Whether she fails, fails, whatever, she's not going to fail. Or whether she succeeds, this is such a good learning opportunity to teach your children that they can do whatever they want to. And so, she had her first sell, and they made, I don't know, like $4,000 or $5,000, and she's like, whoa, mom, this is so great. So, I sat her down, and I said, okay, now let's compare babysitting hours to what you've just made. Okay, so fast forward to November, she gets up, and she went to this mini shark tank spill. And she won second place and won $1,500 for the next product that she wants to do. I sat down with her again, and I'm like, okay, let's talk babysitting hours. It would have taken her like three years to earn what she just made in this pitch, and she's like, where else can I pitch, mom? Where else can I pitch? She doesn't have a product, she just has an idea, and she's learning how to do this. How old was she? She's almost 16, it scares me to death. She doesn't even want to get her driver's license, she just wants to build businesses. She's going to Uber now. So anyway, so this is what, this is the webinar that I was selling. Like, this process is so easy that even kids can do it. And it converted pretty well, but I didn't have any of my processes in place, and then this is a whole, let's go back to praising Russell on this, is when he's talking, and I'm like, okay, where do I put this or where do I put that? Like he's already answered it faster than I can even process my question. So thank you. Thank you. Awesome. We're close. Can I go sit down and take notes? Can someone take notes for me on how to pitch this? We're at the recording, we'll give you a copy. Okay, thanks. Okay, so this is the webinar. Here we go. So we're actually taking notes. Two or three notes. I said I want to see that tomorrow. I was too busy, too. We're just taking notes from outside. I'm going to sit down and take notes. Can someone take notes for me on how you pitch this. We're at the recording. We'll give you a copy. Okay, thanks. So listen, these are awesome. This is gonna be way easier than I thought. Sure. Yeah. Kiff, what do you sell the course for right now? I'm not going to tell you. What are you selling for tomorrow? I would sell it for 9.97 tomorrow. But how you're going to sell it for? Just kidding. I'll tell you later. Okay. Awesome, and is it for kids? Okay. Awesome. Is it for kids or for the parents or for just anybody who's wanting to learn how to do that? So, I was pitching it towards, so I have this audience that's called How Does She? It's got 1.8 million Facebook followers, and a lot of them are just moms trying to figure out how to do it. So, what I'm trying to build is my entry, just like the drip wire type thing, and this is more of my entry level and I'll just give them pieces, just a part of it to see if they're interested and then build something deeper for the people that want to take it to the next level and then work with the people that are really interested, not the people that are like, how do I get a URL? What's a URL? Yeah. Like just have that entry to filter through those that are really going to work. So, just have that as a drip wire, kind of that's my drip wire story so easy kids can do it, and then build into something deeper for more serious mom entrepreneurs and how to get them to the next level. Cool. Would the processor showing them is an e-commerce like finding stuff China? Okay. Cool. So, how to find trending product, how to get it on a website and how to sell it. People do it. Cool. How many of you guys think that I will see like two ways I pitched this? Like one is like to the moms, one's like to the families like, because I heard that story like, I might not necessarily want if I want my kids to all do that now. So, that's my daughter's business that she's building right now. I said, I've got a click funnel for you. So, she's building a click funnel that she wants to sell to her friends because all her friends are like, wait, what? They can't even comprehend 100,000. They just don't understand that concept. They don't understand it. Cool. So, she's 15 years old? She's 15. So, what's like a specific like how much do you think he actually made so far? Because more specific, the better it's going to be. It's like a hundred, I don't know, a hundred and the hundred thousand, I could look on the course. 27. 27. Perfect. Thank you. We'll take 27. A hundred. $9. Isn't that amazing? How long is the process for her to go from beginning to? We did it in nine months. Well, we had to buy the URL, teacher URL, and she had to get the product in. So, probably a year, but from the day she launched her website to the 100,000, it was nine months. Just nine short. Hang on, let me get my processes. We have a whole buyers in here. I sold it. Let's own something. I'm renting from a gal where I'm staying and she's like, what are you doing? I'm like, oh, I'm here with learning this stuff. 30 seconds into the conversation, she's like, can I buy your course? I'm like, I don't even have it done yet. Hang on. She's like, you better not leave until you give me your information. I'm talking to the higher price. I know. I know. This is why I'm here to learn from you guys. How you guys do it? She's doing pretty well. Yeah. She has. All right. So this right here would be like my headline, so my that. So how my 15-year-old made $100,000, $279, and just nine short months, and how you and your kids can do it too. That's how any massage is really quick. Cool. OK, now I'm coming back down. I'm looking for three secrets. OK, so when people, when you first explain to people what's like the biggest fear they have about like the e-commerce, China, like all that kind of stuff? Biggest fear is they've got to come up with a next sharp tink idea. They're like, I just don't have an idea. And I'm like, really? You don't need to have. They sold scarves. How many billions of scarves have been sold? You just have to find the trending product. Let me show you where to find the trending product. Don't come up with the next new idea and invest your kids' college funds into that idea. You've got to test it. Don't invest a lot of money. Find out what's, am I giving you the answer? Yes, keep going. OK. Don't try and build the next sharp tink idea with all your money. Just find something that's trending and something that is working for someone else. Don't copy them, but compliment them or change the design. Like the girls, they wanted to do scarves for adults and children. They had a hard time finding scarves for children. So they made it just a little bit smaller so that they could sell to both markets. And then they got to choose the design. And I showed them, OK, these are the hot selling designs. And they're like, oh, OK. I like that color, that color, and that color. So you take them to a place where they can succeed. If I said, I don't want to just come up with a product, oh man, I should have written the list down. They would have come up with. And I wanted to set them up for success. And I knew if I showed them, these are the trending products, they could choose a product easier and be more successful. Cool. All right, so secret number one, why having a sharp tink idea will actually cause you to fail? Oh. What? OK. You guys heard the angels singing on that one. I love it. OK, so now we know that's their biggest belief by the vehicle. So next is like their own internal beliefs. What are their fears about themselves actually being able to do this thing? Money. They're afraid of investing a lot of money. They're afraid that they've got to have huge social media followings. Because they do look at me and they're like, you have 1.8 million Facebook followers. Like, of course you can do it. And I proved to them through another business venture that I had that had zero social media following that you can do it. You don't need a lot of money. You don't need a huge social media following. What was the product you did with zero social media following? It's the pillowcases. So I wanted to see if I could take a product and go from zero to a million. How fast I could do it with three skews. It's basically the same product. Just one's, it's a pillowcase. One opens on the back, one opens on the side and one's a square. And we did it in about 18 months. We grew it from zero to a million dollars in about 18 months. Cool, huh? They're so soft, you guys. They're the best things ever. I was like, oh, they're soft. They are amazing. Yeah. But I did it. I wanted to prove it. And I think, like, I just like to prove things when people are like, how do you do that? You can't do that. I'm like, oh, watch me. And it's a pillowcase. How many thousands of billions, you know Amazon Kings, where are you? Yeah. How many billions of, seriously. And I did it in like 18 months. 18 months. What was the actual number? You said a million. Can I call my accountant? No, I just guessed him it. A million and one. And 72 cents. And how long was it? 18 months? Yeah. About 18 months. A million more a friend. Yeah. I know your numbers. I was using that all on Amazon. No. I just started. OK, I don't know Amazon. I know, you guys. Seriously. So I put those pillowcases on Amazon in, like, October. And just in the two and a half months, part of October was me going, wait, what? Wait, how do I put this here? What about this? What about that? Anyways, by the end of December, I think it was around $20,000 themselves. So I was pretty excited about that. You gurus, apparently, this is a good thing. But I'm just learning the Amazon space, because I don't like how Amazon takes my money. I don't want to pay Amazon. I like to pay other people. They do give you money. They do give you money, yes. OK, so I got this might not be perfect, but the little note trick was sold $1.1 million in pillowcases in less than 18 months, starting with zero followers of fans. Fans. I like that. All right, now number three. What are their external, like, well, let's see. So what they're like, cool. I believe that, like, that's the vehicle I could do e-commerce stuff. Sweet, I don't have to have a following or anything. But, like, I can do it because of that thing. What's that thing that they're like? Time. I'm so busy as a mom. So busy. OK, so my girls, they're in school. They've got band. They're the biggest dorks. I love them. They're like trumpet band geek, and they're proud of it. And it makes me more proud that they're so proud of it. It's awesome. She's in deca and band. My dream child right there. I love it. No, not yet. I think she's a little bit nervous about that. I forgot where I was going now. No time. I'm so busy as a busy mom. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I get so wrapped up in some of my stories, you guys. This is so great. OK, so, and then the fellow case business. I don't have time. I'm running another company that I haven't even talked about. I've launched two companies, and I've got a blog, and I'm trying to grow my Facebook following, because that's our biggest converter. We can sell Amazon products. You guys that sell Amazon products, give me your link, because we can convert on Amazon like mad. So I'm running all this stuff right. I don't have a lot of time. This fellow case business takes me one to two hours a week to run it. How about initial setup? Initial setup. I threw myself in for about two months, and found the product. But I really just dove into it for about two months, and then I set up all my processes, hired the right people, hired the sales manager, trained her on how to do it. And so really, and that's kind of evolved in those two hours a week. So it's about two months solid, and then it trickled. Like I started getting more and more off my plate as more and more processes were set into place. So I do about two hours a week on time. So I tell them, you guys can do this when your kids are napping. You don't need to have a huge. That was cool right there. That was cool. You do it. You do it. So I'm going to tell you another story, because I've got the microphone so I can't. Go for it. I love it. So my sister, so my daughters did it, right? And my sister, she's like, seriously, I want to make money. And she has three little tiny babies in tow. So she can't even go to the grocery store by herself. Like it's just mad house, right? And she's like, I need a new roof. I need a new roof, right? And so I'm like, OK, let's get you a new roof. So I started showing her this process, and she did $129,000 in nine months. Then she took that money and is now building her dream. This is giving me the chills, you guys. Just wait. This gets even better. She's now building her dream company. And she's doing personalized capes for kids, which she's going to donate some to the hospital for sick kids. Kate, wait, I'm done. This is like that snack thing. We'll bring her more. There is more. There's so much more. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I love this. Making my job so much easier, yeah? My soul. So, OK, you guys, she has infertility issues. This next chunk is going to help by my nephew. This, her dream business, is going to buy. And I know it's saying buying babies is like bad. I don't think it's the correct way to say it. It's going to cost her $40,000. She gets to have a kid. My nephew. My nephew. This business gets to grow my family. And I know I'm bringing it back. It's all about me. But kind of it is. I'm so excited. I am so excited for this baby. That's awesome. Oh, you guys, that's awesome. All right. Secret numbers. I just got a webinar. Oh, yeah. I have to run up and down the stairs to get my energy out before. So I come in, I'm like this sweaty mask, and I'm like, you guys, I'm so excited. Oh, man. All right, secret number three, the two hour week part time job that you can do while your kids nap. Is that good? All right. Beautiful. It is. It is. And could pay for your kid. All right, now we're going to do. OK, wait. I need to change your word. I'm sorry. Sold. Instead of me. Sold. So if I said made, scratch that out of your right sold. Russell, is that important that you say sold? Because there's a cost of goods, there's a cost of advertising. So the more you do it, the more you get it. I have no idea. I have a lawyer guy. He tells me I break the rules, but I'm not in that. I'm usually. You're a good lawyer. Yeah, I'm not good at that. All right. OK, so now let's talk about the offer. So when I give you $1,000, what's the first thing I'm going to get as far as like a training thing? So it's now a six weeks training course. It was a seven year module job. It wasn't drunk. It's beautiful stuff, but it wasn't like simplified. So now it is a six week course. What do you call it? A six week course. That sounds like in school. I hate school. What's the product called? What's the? This is what I came here. All right, what should we call it? Fast practice or test. No offense, but that's not going to resonate with women. At least my tribe. They'll think that's spammy. So keep going. Wonder woman. Wonder woman. How does she bread? I can't. Because this, how does she? There's three of us that own it. You want to keep all this money, not a third of it. Super mom. What about she rocks or something like that? Or she, you know, she slays or she has something like that. She makes a heck of a lot of money. She. Can you play it off of like backpack, action edicts, or something that a woman packs with her, then now she's got this arsenal. Not like a diaper bag, but like. Studies like Barton. This is for teens. I want to be for, I'm going to pitch it as both. I think it's important. But. How about teenage millionaire? She's a millionaire. Or mentor or something. Something that mom and kids. Mom to millionaire. But I'm afraid if I pitch millionaire, my gals will be like, pssh. Allison can do it. That's so unobtainable. Is there a name right now for moms and their kids together like tribe or. That's a good question. They're a cool name for that right now. Is this there? Moms are using for themselves and their kids where you can make it a teen thing. If there is, that's awesome. I don't know what that is. Make your full time mom. I like. I mean, you don't want to say full time. What about part time, part time, full time income? But the concept here that you're working with is the entrepreneur, the entrepreneurial family. Yeah, that's exactly how. So I don't know how. It's like it's not the family entrepreneur. It's like the new family business. I don't have the right words here. There's a company on Amazon called the Selling Family. And they teach people how to sell on Amazon. OK. Allison, it's a tragic spot. Mom and kids, right? So I was selling to moms, but my daughter's going to come in and sell to kids. What's your daughter's name? Mykayla. Mykayla. But you can call her Mykayla. She'll respond. She responds to just about anything. What's your last name? Prince. Prince? Yeah, Scott's on the list. Yeah. I married my prince charming. The artist formerly known as. All right. So we're going to call the first thing. I can't believe I stumped you guys on this. Prince and princess. Prince and. No, Prince and princess. I'm talking with mom for the princess and online. Yeah. Princess mom. From here to, you know, a princely, something's princely profits. Are you a princely profit? Sugar monstery. Sugar monstery. Sure. I think a lot of sugar. Where are you at? I think a lot of sugar monstery is not enough. So once you've tapped into that and you're like, instead of being like, I'm a failure, I failed at this, and I failed at this, and I'm not enough, you're like, I know what it was like to fail, and now I know what it's like to succeed. And then like, somehow you've tapped into that. I know I'm not soft type. But like, that train of thought, because I think that was like a motion to resume with mom. That's a great idea. Is your mom pretty or? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, she's got a pretty good society president. I thought that was my type. So is this, is this mother's and my type? I like that one. Mother's. We're not reclaiming your identity. I mean, my type is good. Because that assumes to be your mom's number one. OK, so I was just thinking, like, mom, so really, we're not like, you know, we're like, I want to be on tour, because it sounds like it takes time away from our family. Yes. It sounds like only one. My family's good. You call it something on, and I have to let money on. OK, wait. What about nappreneur? Nappreneur. So they build this business during nap time. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Baby. Oh, yeah. I know. I know. I know. I'm going to keep. I'm going to keep. Nappreneur. Yes, spell that, you guys. Could you think of a way on the words, France, because I know it would be like the whole Prince Charming thing. So could you turn Prince, your last name, there's six steps or six letters, turn that into an acronym for the steps in the system. So it's the Prince. I like that. And your angle could be like, listen, we've been fed a line of practice women. We've got to find our Prince Charming. This is the Prince system to ultimate freedom. You can create your own Prince Charming in your own life. I like that. Where's the families like, here? I'm the principal. Principal. Oh. Principals. I love that. Prince Ables. It's not about kids, not about the mom. It's just like, this is how we live. Like, it's your culture. Like, these are the principal. Yeah. I think you could start a movement and focus on mother, daughter, mother, daughter, mother, daughter, millionaire club. And the reason I say millionaires is I know you don't think millionaires is good, right? But the thing is, is that you want to attract people that have high aspirations, right? Yes. So someone who sees millionaires like, dude, I want that. Those are going to be people that are going to get success. And if you say mother, daughter, millionaire club, you also build that on a little bond to the mother and daughter that you build through the process. We've learned a lot together, this little Makilla. You lose all the money. True. True. True. I want to hear your idea. Get the mom and daughter. Because to me, it's like your niche is really a kid and a mom, right? That's when your whole story is just based on a mom and a kid being an entrepreneur together, right? Yeah, it's teaching her that she doesn't have to go work for someone else, for pennies, like the babysitting idea. Which a lot of parents want to be able to have their kid be do things together, right? And teach these principals. So it's something that's like the prime to the kid's mom. How about this? Have I written a markers that's not changing? But I want to hear Jill's idea and then we're going to move on. I think it's really important to stick with the mom. That's really powerful and go with label. And if you say mom's money or something like that, just keep it simple. Like, they're going to say, oh, that's me. I'm a mom. I'm going to be a mom with money or something like that. Like, I'm going to settle for it. Just settle. Yes. OK. One more. Mommy and me. Like, the natural and the mommy and me is like two. It shows that's a brand new mother and a kid. Yeah. All right. As of the second, it's called an app repair. She can change it later. All right. Moving on. So number two. So after a move gets the training, like, sweet, I understand the concepts. What are the byproducts of what you guys have created that will help speed up their success that I'm just stressed out about? Stuff. Contracts, people in China, anything that's like? So I give them a list of manufacturers that I use. Not my super, super top ones, because I'll give those to ones that buy into the program more. So where they can just go buy commodity type products. Things that are going to help them be successful faster. So that list of guys, this manufacturer works this way. Here's their email address. This is what you can expect. Saved me. Like, if I would have known that, it would have saved me thousands and thousands of dollars. Just having those contacts, knowing how to package stuff. Contact. It's either Laura or Lori. I don't know. Some of their names are. I'm working with a Peter Pan. Is it called a black book when you have like people? Is it black book? Yeah. Roll a deck from black book. Is it black book like for dating though? For what? Dating. What's that? Don't call it black book? Black book is really anything secret. It is that secret thing. Like this is black book. I'm calling black book. You can change it later. OK. I'm rolling that. Yeah. It's called the black book. And I carry around a literal black book of all my notes too. Yeah, perfect. OK. So now coming back to secret number one. So this is why charting is actually fail. So what can we create or what do you have that will show them the trends instead of having to? So another black book. So I guess black book B of all the places where I go and find the trending products. So they can go here in luck. They can go here in luck. So the other thing you could do is potentially, I don't know, creating some software that goes and scrapes those things and brings it back. This is my hot market generator and just makes the perceived value up. It's just scraping things and pulling them back and showing to them. So. OK. Let's talk later about that. That's a conversation of the day. So let's just call this the trend, my secret trend generator. Can you call that the black book of Lane or something like that? This one or this one? The one before the black book seems to be a name. Lane. OK. Trend generator, that's worth at least $9.97. All right, back here. OK, so this is like the start of zero fans. So in this process, do you show them how to get tons of fans? No, they don't need them. So you never had fans ever? You still did that? Well, at one point, I'm like, I want to see if I can get some fans. I got 2,000 Instagram followers in a week, but I don't ever use them. OK. So how did you actually do that then? That was with the giveaway. But honestly, with this, now that I know about ClickFunnels, I'm going to show them how the ClickFunnels process is going to save them so much time to where they can get it to. I guess this would be more here, the two hours. How do they get traffic for this? How do the people? So they work with bloggers. So this is like the secret, you guys. How my girls did this is they went to the bloggers and said, hey, I've got this product. I'm going to pay you X amount per order, not per item, per order. And then they had great sales copy. And then we tested it. And I said, OK, converted. Can we tweak a little bit? And I went back to the drawing board until we nailed our copy. So I show people what copy works, what copy doesn't work, and then give them a list of bloggers that they can pitch their idea to with a template of, this is how you pitch ideas. Because as a blogger, I get probably 200 to 300 emails a week of just junk. You know. Yeah, and it's just like spam, spam, spam. So how do you get in there? And how do you meet these people? I'm just going to talk to you. Can you give me a form to come straight? Because the word common most people might not know that one. Good. Good. Thank you. Yeah, I like that. So that's another little black book of bloggers list. And I'm not guaranteeing that they can get on this bloggers list. I'm just giving them some that have converted well for me. And they're pretty cool people. Cool. OK, down here, two hours. So here you're talking about you can use click funnels funnel, just something like that. So like your secret funnel that did blah. Yep. Because they are afraid I've got to set up a website. I don't know coding. I don't know this. And so that's why click funnels is a perfect fit. So my guide, you can set this up. I'll show you how to do it real quick. Cool. I've already built it for you, go, or whatever. Now, if they buy during the webinar, what cool thing could we give them that's not included in this right now? So I've got oodles of physical products. I can send them a pillowcase. And I was thinking, you know how you were given that plaque or whatever? I can send them a pillowcase with like a dollar on it and says, your dreams are becoming true. Dreams are becoming a reality of sleeping and money. I don't know, something like that. That's cool. But I can send them swag. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. That's the story. Yeah. What about if your daughter likes a letter or like a book or like the other? Like, if I buy your product, I want to get a letter from her. Like, the letter. 10, 12, 15, 15. Yeah, I like that. I just, part of me is afraid to do it as a team, because if the mom's motivated and the daughter is like nine months, it's not going to really work, right? So that's why I was trying to really target the moms and then let my daughter really target the teenagers. And I don't know if the teenagers' parents will invest in a thousand dollar program. Or if you're on your phone, will you? Mm-hmm. You can send them a text. I'll have to criticize them too, if you start to kind of be turning around. Let's say to us, it's probably zero for them. And you're exploiting my thoughts. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. That's a good idea. What about like a video of Amazon? Like, getting started in the first steps. Do you want to help me know that? Yeah. I don't know. I don't know how to do Amazon. I just put stuff up there and it's sold. That was awesome. OK. So I think I have all the pieces I need. So this is like the cheat sheet stuff I'm going through. It's like, what's the new opportunity? I think what's the big domino? What's the special offer I can create? What's my origin story? What are the three false beliefs? What are the Pifty Brits' stories I have for those? I think I have all those. You gave me all those. So I think I have everything I need. OK. Any other questions? Who wants to see me try to pitch this? I'm so excited. OK. Now you can sit down if you want to. Just give a round of applause, by the way. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.