All right, so we got one more session for tonight, and then we're doing something afterwards that some of you guys are going to freak out about, but it's going to be good. So even if you guys know everything that is about your market, I still think everybody should be doing these Ask Campaigns. So what we're going to do is after this is done, we're all going to in this office or outside or whatever, including me, I'm doing it too. So it's not just, I'm part of the club too. We're all going to do Facebook Live asking our question, and the goal is throughout tonight to get responses. And we may not get 100 by morning, but I want to get responses back. So we've got something that you can be working off of. There's so many things. There's so many, even if you don't use this to create a product, using it to understand the selling process tomorrow, the stories, like there's so much stuff. And so I want everyone to actually do one tonight. So what's going to happen is John's going to show you guys four different ways on Facebook to do them. So maybe you guys already have a following or whatever, it would be easier to get. Something he says they don't. You have to start boosting and put a little bit of money behind. He's going to show you guys kind of that process, but it's going to be awesome. So just get prepared, make sure your phones are all booted up and ready because after John's session we're going to be breaking into different parts. Everyone's going to do a Facebook Live for their Ask campaign. So this is how simple it will be. I have a pretend like this is a phone. I don't have a phone. Can I borrow one? Okay. So this is me. It doesn't have to be long. And so because we've got like 50 people, it might be like we're taking turn, like everyone can find different corners. Maybe each of you take a minute, but a basic, been pushing live. Have you guys never done a Facebook Live before? Or a periscope? How many of you guys are scared to death? You want to kill me right now? Yes, age. All right. So what we're going to do is basically this. I click live. I'm like, everybody, how's it going? This is Russell. I'm so excited to see you guys. Hey, before we get started, I want to make sure there's a lot of people here. So if you want to share this down below with other people that might be interested, I got a question for you guys. This question is really, really important. But those of you who answer the question, I'm going to give you guys a really cool gift. In fact, next Wednesday or whatever, next Friday, I'm going to be doing a special session where I'm going to show you guys how I get traffic in my funnel. How many of you guys want to learn how to get traffic in your funnels? Yay! Cool. So what I'm going to know is what's your number one question about how to actually fill your funnel with people? How do you want to get people into your funnel? If you just post your number one question down below in the comments, that'd be huge for me. Then I'll know exactly what to cover on this training. But by default, by just you putting in that thing right there, I'll give you a free ticket to come to the training. Okay? How many of you guys want that? And this could be a, this could be setting, like honestly, if you're doing a webinar later, this could be setting people up to come to your webinar. Like there's so many different cool things you can do before. But put your number question down below and I'm going to be doing a call next week and I'll give you guys all a special secret link for anyone who posts their number one question about this. You guys cool with that? All right. You got to answer your question before midnight tonight because at midnight I'm shutting this off. So you got to answer your question right now. And if you didn't know anybody else that also wants to come on this training, forward this to them tag them in it so they can come as well and watch this video. And that way you can get at least 100 questions. If I get 100 people to respond back, I'll do the class for free or whatever that is, right? And that's kind of it. All sorts of smoothies and stuff happening. Man. I'll leave that there. So that's what we're going to be doing afterwards and then after that we'll be done for today. But first we're going to have John. So I want to give you guys some background on who's going to be presenting. Some of you guys in a circle have had a chance to work with John. He's amazing. John's been with me for almost 10 years now and a lot of different things. Anywhere I put him, he just thrives and prospers and makes things magic. And so anyway, I think like three or four years ago, we're trying to figure out this Facebook thing and I watched like three Facebook courses and I was like, I can't figure this out. Like it was so far over my head. And I was like, hey John, you want to learn Facebook ads? He's like, yeah. So he jumped right in and went from being good to being amazing. And right now he's spending anywhere from $150,000 to $250,000 a month in Facebook with us just for our own stuff. So I don't know any, but there's very few people I know that are spending as much money. They're doing this day in and day out as him. And he's got just a unique perspective and does a really cool thing. And I know he's been doing it for Anthony's business and it's been blowing up. He's just got a talent. So the stuff he's going to be showing you guys is amazing. It's not something he's making up. This is like testing with a lot of my money every single month. And but it's all profitable, which is the best thing. So I tell him, spend as much money as you want because everything he does comes back profitable and it's pretty powerful. So what I want you guys to do, I want to give some John some love and some energy. So let's all stand up, put our hands together for John Park. I want to give you some background on who's going to be presenting. Some of you guys in your circle have had a chance to work with John. He's he's amazing. John's been somebody who's been with me for almost 10 years now and a lot of different things. Anywhere I put him, he just thrives and prospers and like makes things magic. And so like anyway, I think like three or four years ago, we're trying to figure out his Facebook thing and I watched like three Facebook courses and I was like, I can't figure this out. Like it was so far over my head. I was like, hey, John, you want to learn Facebook ads? He's like, yeah. So he jumped right in and went from being good to being amazing. And right now he's spending anywhere from 150 to $250,000 a month in Facebook with us just for our own stuff. So I don't know any, but there's very few people I know that are spending as much money. They're doing this day in and day out as him. He's got just a unique perspective and does a really cool thing. And I know he's been doing it for Anthony's business and it's been blowing up. But he, he's just got a talent. So the stuff he's going to be showing you guys is, is, is amazing. It's not something he's making up. This is like testing with a lot of my money every single month. And but it's all profitable, which is the best thing. It's how I tell him, spend as much money as you want because everything he does comes back profitable and it's, it's pretty powerful. So what I want you guys to do, I want to give some John some love and some energy. So let's all stand up, put our hands together for John Park. All right, am I on? Cool. Thank you. Okay. You hear me, right? All right. Cool. I had to turn my, my butt on. Okay. Cool. So I need the clicker. Where are we? Oh, well, it looks like a pen. Awesome. Cool. Getting traffic to your ass campaign. Okay. So Facebook is awesome. I don't need to tell you guys that, but it basically has all the traffic in the world, any demographic, if you are male, female, young, old, middle, old, but don't feel like you're old, any of that, it all fits on Facebook. Okay. You can, it basically has billions of people now. And every month they're increasing. People might tell you that they're not, but they are every month. If you look at their user base longer and more. So Facebook's the place to be. Okay. So when you're running these ass campaigns, there's three sources that I could, that I came up with that you can get your answers from Russell wants you to collect a hundred or as many as you can before tomorrow up to a hundred. And there's three sources I can think of. So one is your existing Facebook fans or Facebook groups you may be in. Okay. So don't, I mean, I'm trying to get you to think outside of the box here. So what's a group that you're in that would be a similar demographic where you've contributed and they'd listen to a post that you would make, right? That right there would get you some answers. Um, where you're existing fan page, some of you have significant fan pages already built. You can just do a post to them. Um, and existing email subscribers, I'll show you really quick how you can send an email to your people, driving them to this specific Facebook post and they can then comment on it, adding to your, adding to your answers. And then, um, lastly, I'll teach any of you who need to pay or want to pay to get Facebook engagement on the post. Maybe you don't have a big enough fan base yet. Maybe you do and you just want more answers and more thorough dive into, into your responses. Um, or maybe, you know, maybe you're just starting out. So there are four types of ads that we're going to talk about. There's the Facebook live video. You can do it from your desktop now, which is awesome. You just pull up as if you're going to make a post and one of the many colored icons is a live video post. So that's kind of nice. If you're more of a desktop person, mobile, I'll show you exactly screenshots on how to pull up a mobile Facebook live. If you've never done that. So those are the two ways you can do Facebook live video. Um, the next one is the Facebook page posts. So this is a post right on your fan page. It'll have a slightly different structure than a Facebook image ad, but it'll act similar to the image ad. Then there's Facebook image ad and I'll tell you the pros and cons of doing that. And the Facebook lead ad for the overachievers. Okay. Cool. So Facebook live video. Why should you do the live video? Um, as Russell was getting into that, you get attractive character, right? This is attractive character enhancing. You're going to let people see who you are. They're going to see your face. They're going to see your sincerity and wanting to get answers to this question. Um, and, you know, that, and you just get, you just get this raw, real live experience. And you get a lot of good response from it. Right. You get to connect on a more personal level with them. It has the potential to go viral. Sometimes we see videos that where you show the right emotion or you hit, you know, you hit on the right, just the right topic and people start sharing it out. And then Facebook, when they share, then you get free organic traffic and, um, it can go viral or what we call forced viral, which means it has a good enough share rate that if you put some money behind it, it kind of just blows up, right? Whether or not it goes viral on its own, you can kind of force it to go viral. But if it's not doing that, putting money behind it, just like putting money in just like running your head against the wall. So if it doesn't have a viral nature, then, then you can't really force it to go viral. Um, and the fact that they're easy to create on the fly, like that's what probably most of you will do tonight is just hold your phone and do a live video. Really easy to do it. Just simple and you're done in five minutes and very little prep other than jazzing yourself up and kind of figuring out what you're going to say. Cool. So why would you then do a Facebook page post instead of a live video for this ass campaign? Well, you might already have a rabbit fan base. Some, you know, your page is already crazy and everyone on there is all wild. You may not need a video. Just a little text post might get you a whole bunch of responses. Um, it's cheap and it's free because you can just post on your page as is the live video, um, but it's, it's going to be cheaper if you want to try to get boosted for responses. Um, it'll be a little bit cheaper likely to get those engagements and then it's super fast to create because you just type go, right? And then why would you do a Facebook image ad slightly different? Um, potentially the cheaper answers on this one. Um, in the sense that if you take this one live, this one's going to be cheaper answers than the video is my, is my assumption from all that I've seen. And if you don't want to do the video thing, I know some of you are kind of nervous. I don't think Russell will get, let you get away with not doing a video at all this weekend, but it's a way to not do the video thing. And then lastly, um, you get the ability to split test different images. This is the, this is the way you can do that. The other ones you don't want to be able to have that option to drop in multiple images. Okay. And then lastly, a Facebook lead ad this style here is going to, in my opinion, going to give you the highest quality answers. And it's actually going to capture the leads for future marketing. If you want to do that, and it's most likely the most expensive way to get your hundred responses, but if you're okay with that, then they, you know, it's going to get really high quality. So it's like, you know, pay more to get the higher quality. So, um, your call on that one. Okay. So here's a video that shows you how I make the images for these posts. Um, it's just a five minute video. I'll go ahead and click again to play it. I'm assuming. Okay. Today I want to show you how to make images really fast for ads. Okay. So I go to canva.com, C A N V A dot com to free service. It's a super easy to use, especially for people like me who don't know how to use Photoshop. This is a simple way to do it. Okay. So you come to canva.com. Um, you can start with a pre built layout. Right. So you look through here to any of these kind of look about look like where you want to head with your ad, and then you can just refine it from there. So let's say we want to do this one. Throw it in here. Okay. I like the big, the big block letters and I like a background image. So these aren't what I want, but let's start with this. Okay. Um, starting with this now, anyone in canva, you can also search for any kind of an image like let's say potato, right? We're going to do potato guns. This is a whole bunch of stock photos for a dollar a piece. Right. So all kinds of stuff. Um, I don't know if they'll go as specific as potato gun, probably not. Yeah. But you get the idea. I mean, maybe you're, maybe your product is, you know, about moms or something. There's a whole bunch of stuff. You can grab them right here. You don't have to go to any other stock photo service. These ones only cost a dollar. Good to go. So super simple place to build out, um, ad campaigns and not images. So I got a couple of pictures, um, about potato guns. Okay. So I want to build out an ad. About potato guns. Okay. So I want to build out an ad about potato guns. So I'm going to go ahead and remove the background image that's already on this template, put in an image that I've got, adjust the image. So it's better. Take my words, adjust them so they fit better. I'm going to take the work, you know, the box, bring it up here. I'm just going to write your number one question. Make sure I size it so it looks good. Cool. I like that. But with potato guns, I want more of a, let's see how this works. Yeah. Up there's good. Look at that. Super simple. Got it there. Maybe I'll bring the image down a little bit. So it's not crowning the word, but I still want to see the potatoes. There you go. Your number one question. And then we'll put text around it, but I just created an ad image that's good enough to launch with. Anyway, super easy. Maybe I want to do something a little bit different. Maybe I want to do a plus sign. There's a plus sign that I like this one. And I want to put in here. Potato gun. Let's go to Google. See if we can find a potato gun that we like. Cool. I like the plans. I like kind of that look of the plan. So I like this one kind of broken out. I mean, I don't necessarily have rights to run with this image long term, but if I just going to do a quick ask campaign, this will be fine. Just a 24 hour quick thing. I don't think anyone will notice. So just throw it in here into Canva. Super easy. Drop it up here. It's a gun plan. Still a plus sign. I think it's red. Let's do like a, maybe a book. Question. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Question. It's a simple question mark. Right. Then I just resize these. Okay. So I just put an equal sign, resized everything. It's good to go. I have an image. Just as easy. You know, is this one or this one? I mean, make a few of them, make a few unique ones. I made a few of them here. You can see, I just grabbed a couple of images and a number one question. This one with this image big and this one. So now I have a few different split test variations and I can see which one will perform better. Again, I'm not going to run this campaign long term. So I'm not spending a ton of time making this super professional, but this is a very quick way to get images. You know, I'm not a Photoshop guy, but I'm a Canva guy. So hit me up if you need some Canva help. No, but it's just a really quick way to throw out a bunch of images, right? I wanted to just show you that because I didn't know that sometime when you guys freeze up, put an ad, but I don't know what to make, how to make my ad. So that's an easy way to do it. That's how you do all the ads. I have so many ads that way. Some of them I hire out, but I do a ton of them that way. And almost the more raw they are, the more they actually fit on Facebook and they just work really well, right? You don't have to be all professional and polished. Okay, so when would I use a Facebook page post? I would use a Facebook page post to my existing fans. That's the whole idea. It goes on your page to groups. You just do a post in the group or even like I said, you could link back to your email list. Okay. So this is what it would look like because it's to your warm audience, to your existing fans. It's okay that it has more copy here. Okay. Typically this might be a little too long for a cold audience would be my opinion, but on your page, people who like you, you know, who like how to make potato gun page, they're going to, they're going to read this. They're going to see that this from that and they're going to, they're going to be cool with it. So this is just the same copy that Russell has in your book and in your workbook there. I just filled in the blanks, right? So this would be the post. If you wanted to make sure that this post gets to all of your fans, because maybe you have a fan page and you've got 10,000 fans on your page. Facebook doesn't have enough space on their newsfeed to show you everything that's happening with all of your friends and all the pages you like and stuff like that. So you only get a limited reach of all of your fans. You reach 10, 15% of them, right? So if you want to make sure that you reach more of them, just put some money behind it. Make sure you turn this post into an ad and I'll show you how to do that just and put, you know, 50 bucks behind it tonight and make sure you just reach all of your fans, right? Or as many as you can. Cool. If you want to send this out in an email, you just click on that date right there. It says 11 minutes ago you made this post. If you click on that, then all of a sudden the address on the top of your browser becomes the exact link to the post. Copy that, drop it in an email, send it out to your email subscribers. Any questions on that? Yeah. This is the post on Facebook. Click on that date right there. And what it does is it then re, it looks like it just reloads the post for you, but it changes your URL in the top of the browser. So if you, so now it's specific only to that post. If you copy that URL and then you send an email to your email subscribers and you have that be the link, you know, the call to action in the email. Hey guys, come over here, check out this post and drop your comment below on your number one question to yada, yada, yada. Right? That will drive them back exactly to this post so they can interact with this post. Yeah. Yep. That'll work. Yeah. That's what it does. Yeah. Yeah. You could put that link anywhere in essence. Yeah. Anywhere you have people who see it. Yeah. You could even take that link and shorten it and snapchat it. Right? Yeah. So wherever you go, you can just go to the email subscribers and you can just go to the email. Yeah. So you can just go to the email. Snapchat it, right? Yeah. Yeah. So wherever you have people who follow you. Is there a advantage to doing that if you're just taking that comedy and putting it in an email and asking them to have a vlog? So why I think it's cool is that it concentrates the engagement. It pushes everybody to engage in the same place so they see that everyone else is answering too. That's why I would do it. Yeah. Oh, I think that's right. Instead of like your emails go to a woofoo form. Yeah. Yeah. Technical question, but let's say you do the face with Live in a group and then you do have a little trick to grab you around and you send it to a group. Those people aren't inside the group. Ken, Ken. Yeah. Yeah, don't send out a link to a group. Send out a link to your page only. Yeah. Facebook Live video. So why would you use a live video? You'd use it to your existing fans. You'd use it in groups. You would use it as a paid ad and you'd use it to your email list the same way that was your question. Just copy that link and do that. So how do you do a Facebook Live? Everyone watch this. Russell wants you to know how to do this. OK. Today. This is my phone. I just screenshotted this just right now, so it's up to date. OK, so that's the Pages app. You need that app. If you don't have it, find it in the App Store. You click on it. What happens is it pulls up your page or pages. Just find the page you want. Everyone with me so far? Pulls up your page. Right there it says, well, do you want to write something? Or do you want to put a photo up here? Do you want to go live video? That's what you want to do. You just tap that. Next thing it shows you is this screen. You're going to see yourself behind it. It's already turned your camera on. Nothing's happening live yet. It has you type out your headline or your question. What's your number one question? Make sure it's specific unlike this one. I guess this is pretty specific because potato gun's already pretty niched. But Russell says be specific. OK, be specific. And then so you got your first you're going to type that out. Don't be scared. No one can see you yet. Then you click this Go Live button and it does count you down 3, 2, 1 before you actually go live. OK? Anyone scared? Yeah? OK. I'm not scared. I'm not scared. Yeah. Is that like your alter ego, Nate? Yeah, who the heck is that? Yeah, he's a potato gun partner. He's the guy that Russell did potato guns with. Yeah. Cool. He's a potato gun, 100 air. You were hoping it was a cooler answer than that, huh? Cool, so it'll count you down so you can get really nervous 3, 2, 1 and then you're live, right? But here's the thing. Your video is going to drop right in someone's news feed under Aunt Jemima's pancake recipe and right above your neighbor asking whose dog pooped in his yard. So you'll fit right in even if you're really awkward. You'll fit right there. Cool? Yeah? If you're asking specifically about a time period in some of these life or problems you're having, is Facebook going to reject the ad? Like if I say what's your number one question about a lot of law in your 50s, are they going to reject the ad? No, most likely no. And more likely no if it's a video. They're not going to watch your video. They're going to look at the text. Yeah, so you go video. Any other questions on this? Yeah? Two questions. If you don't have a sign that faces the page for my current business as e-commerce, these guys aren't interested in Amazon. As well as I said, don't sell it to broke people, they'd probably be interested in 101 stuff. To reach my market, I don't have a. Create a brand new page for you. Awesome. Yeah. And the second thing you want. And it's super easy to do. I can show you how easy it is in a slide. I didn't intend, but there'll be a spot in a slide where you can click a button and mix new page. That's how easy it is. And if I do that, no one's going to see, which is fine, like the practice and all that stuff. You just put money behind it and force it to go to people. Awesome. My other question is, what's the policy of going to groups and doing this where you're not selling a service, you're trying to offer value, but it's done in a, for instance, if we all posted in the click-funnels, not us, because we're in a random person who posts in the click-funnels, would you guys be like, that's awesome? Or you're like, ehh. So there's no policy against it other than the group itself's policy. So my policy would be, have you contributed in this group? Are you a cool person in this group? And so they don't care that you ask something? Or are you coming in here just scalping, right? You pop in the first time and you're like, hey guys, maybe you're like, it's a group you're part of. Yeah, they want to help you out. Typically if you ask it the right way. Yeah? Hey John, I know some of my demographic is coming on Facebook. My email list where they can just submit a form. Is there a click-funnels page? I'll just create a form application or like, what I'm going to do is just ask for an email list or just call the action where they don't have a Facebook. I guess you could send out an email that says, hey, go to this Facebook or just go to this woofoo form or survey element inside of click-funnels. Is that live? I haven't built one yet. I'm just going to put some questions in the email. Yeah. Yeah, you could do that. So you could just go to a page. So I could just create a quick page. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. You have both a page and a group. Would you post it to the page and then share it to the group? Or would you redo it? Yeah, good question. So you could post to the page first and then share that into the group. If you post to the group first, you can't share it out. Yeah. And that way, again, you're trying to concentrate the engagement. Keep it in the same. Yeah. Cool. Yeah. Would there be an advantage to keep them separate so you could see the group questions versus a general question? Yeah, I could see that if that's something that you want to see the difference between them two. Yeah. OK. So the Facebook image ad. So when you were using image ads, slightly different, you'd use it to existing fans and as a paid ad. Why is an image ad different? I didn't get a good enough screenshot to show you. But you guys can probably imagine it inside a Facebook. You've got the text above. You've got an image. And then you actually get a headline and a button, right? That's the benefit there. That's why it's slightly different, is you get the headline and the button. And the headline can be, what's the number one question? And that you might feel like you're a little bit stronger of a poll than the Facebook page post, which is just a bunch of text, right? Also, you can split test a variety of images. Maybe you make three or four images. Don't know which one will take. You can throw them all in there and split test image ads, or you really couldn't on a page post, unless you wanted to have four posts on your page, which could be annoying, right? OK. I'm going to show you right here. As I walk through how I would create the page, the image ads, OK? Or basically anything that you're going to put money behind. So one thing I want to point out here as I do it is that I'm using this type of objective. So this right here probably is the place that most of you get a little bit nervous. And Facebook is when you start creating your campaigns, right? There's campaigns. There's ad sets. And there's ads. Facebook has done a nice job of breaking it out here. What is a campaign about? It's about the objective. The objective you guys want is comments, right? That's called engagement. So don't run it to get clicks to your website or to get anything else, or even video views. Run it to get engagement because that's what you want, OK? For this specific post. For other strategies, call me on Friday, and I'll walk you through different things, depending on what you want to do. But for this campaign, do that. For the ad set, you're going to choose who you're going to show it to. And I'm going to walk you through this in this video, right? Who's that Dream 100 or where are your people congregating? Where are you going to place the ad? And on this one, I restrict it to just Facebook. Why? Again, to concentrate the engagement, we've got one day. We want to see all those comments in one string. And so everybody can see that everyone else is posting, so they might as well too, right? So we're going to concentrate the engagement, the placement, just to Facebook. Budget, I'll just go over the budget because I don't think I'd do it very thoroughly in the video. If you already have a fan base, you can just run this to your fan, boost it with $20. You'll probably get enough, right? If you have an active fan page. If you don't, you're going to have to spend more, maybe $50, to get 100 comments. And so that's what you would say your lifetime budget is. Try to spend $50 before tomorrow morning-ish, right? Whenever you need this. So yeah, if you have any questions on that, ask me. But again, it's about $20, $25 if you already have a fan base, $50 if you don't. That's what I would say for this campaign. And then your ad. It's going to be your media, so whether it's the video you did or whether it's the images you made, it's going to be your text, the page you're going to show it on, and that right there. What's your name again, Brian? What's your name? Sorry. You wanted to talk about new pages? Oh, yeah, my name's Dave. Right here. Dave, sorry. Right when we get to that step, there'll be a little button. Click Create a New Page. Right there. You'll be building out your ad. And right there, you can just create a page on the fly and put your ad on it. Super right there. Yeah, easy. And then you type out your text. OK, any questions on this before I start the video? The video will probably answer. I'll take questions after. OK, so this is how I would create the campaign. I would choose Engagement, because that's what you want. You want comments, right? In the Ad Set, on the Audience side, right here. On this one, I'm going to restrict my age to people who are likely to want potato gun advice. I'm going to assume that most of them are male. Even though there may be some females, what I'm looking for is how can I make sure that no of my ad spend dollars, none of my ad spend dollars go to the wrong place, right? So even though we might lose some women who might be interested in it, I want to be as targeted as possible. That's kind of the mindset when you do choosing target audiences. OK, I would do at least a double layer of interest targeting. So there is nothing, since we are so niched in potato gun, there's no such thing as potato gun interest that you can target in Facebook. So then you have to start thinking outside of the box, where else are my people congregating, right? So I did a layer of fireworks and pyrotechnics and smoke bombs and Roman candles and stuff like that. Assuming if you have a 18-year-old or 35-year-old male in the United States who's interested in fireworks and firecrackers and Roman candles, they might also be interested in potato guns. I did a second layer just to make sure. And I would suggest that most of you do this, a second layer of interest for outdoor enthusiasts, hunters, hiking, fishing, hunting, camping, outdoor recreation. So they need to be in both of these pools. They need to be in this pool somewhere and in this pool somewhere in order for them to see my ad. So I feel like I am fairly targeted with this. Placements, I would not place on Instagram for this specific ad, because you're looking for Facebook comments and you want them to kind of congregate together. So I just restricted it to Facebook. Budget, I mean, this is an engagement ad for $50 to $75. I really hope you'd get enough comments to flesh things out. So that's what I did as a lifetime budget at $50. And then with the ad, so I took the images I created. I just clicked on single image. I browsed. I mean, I just clicked on upload my images. They all dropped in here. I fill out the text. And boom, I'll have my ads. And I'll have them in. I haven't finished the text here. But I'll just have all these images ads that can split tests. So that will be awesome. Any questions on what I went through? I know this one is you guys get kind of nervous about audiences targeting something like that. You had a question? So we're just doing the live video. Do we shoot the live video? And then once we're done, then go into that campaign and just choose that. Exactly, yes. You'll come in here. And when you're in this section right here, it will actually ask you if you want to use an existing page post at the top. And then you can choose your page and choose the post you already did, the live video. You select that. And then it'll just follow the rest of your instructions as to audience and placements and stuff like that. Yeah. Sorry. That's all right. Yeah, Dave first. In my example, if you don't have a page yet and you want to shoot a live video, then you'd have to create the page first, shoot the live video. Use an existing post. Yeah, this was just for images. Got it? Yeah. Are you considering ROI at all? Or just because this is engaged when you don't really care? There's no ROI here. You are completely spending in order to dig into your audience and figure out what they want. Yeah, because all you're asking for is comments. There's no ROI on that immediately, right? It is. It's like $2,500. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But definitely when I run ads for other reasons, I'm all about ROI. Yeah. Is it really bad you can't do a live for whatever reason that you just do a regular video and upload it? That's fine. That's fine. Yeah. Facebook used to, like say, six months ago, favor the lives like crazy. But it's pretty much on par now. So yeah, create, record a video, and then put it up. That's fine. I feel like it's about the same. Any more questions on this? Yeah. Do you have a secret to getting live on desktop? You don't have it. Oh, you don't have it shown up? No. You can't force Facebook to give you a feature. Yeah. You have to use mobile until it does show up. You have to use Chrome browser. Chrome browser, or then it'll show up. There you go. No. No. Facebook does. Facebook does roll out features in phases, and it's just annoying as to whether you got it or not. I've got 20 ad campaigns. Make sure I get it somewhere, right? What's the software used for, like, screen share? I know it's, like, possible to do a screen share on Facebook live. So. Be live.tv, or are you using it? Yeah, be live.tv. Be live.tv. That does screen share as well. Yeah. That does screen share. That does screen share. Blue jeans. So it was quick time. OK. Yeah. Well, how we do face it, we do it, is you do it mobile, and then you talk, and then you show your screen, and then you talk again. I don't know. I'm trying. All the time. Be live. If you want to be as successful as Russell, you can do that method. OK. I was going to mention on audience targeting. So, you know, Russell talks about where are your people, what are your Dream 100, and stuff like that. So when you're following that model, that's what your interests are. So you go and you think, well, which of the people, which of my Dream 100, and their people, where are they on Facebook? They're probably congregating on that person's page, right? Brennan Bouchard's page, or Mike Phil Sames' page, or Frank Kern's page, or things like that. And so then I would throw them in as the interest, right? But then you can layer it again with the second thing, or even a third layer. Anyone confuse about the layering? Yeah. Yeah. So when you spoke about layering earlier, you said this and this. Yeah. Can you do this or this instead of this and this? Yes. So the pools, I said they had to be in this pool or in this pool. They let the fireworks and then the hunting. Yeah. If they're inside of that pool, then it's or logic. OK. They have to let Roman candles, or they have to like firecrackers, or anything in there. What about fishing, hunting, or fireworks? You would have two separate pools. So yeah, you make another pool, and then that's the and logic. So it breaks to an s. I mean, they have to be here and here. So you're narrowing when you make breakout pools. Does that make any sense? But is it one pool or the other pool? If I'd pushed them all together, that's what the effect would be. Yeah. If I'd put them all in the same. Yeah. Would you recommend again for the email list, if you're emailing out the links, you have to put in the body of the email. Just follow the copy in your expert secrets book. When Russell talks about Ask Campaign, he's already written it up for you. Same copy. I think so. Yeah. I mean, make it personal, but that same idea. Can you target to a private or a closed Facebook group? No. Cannot. No. But whatever those people are, they're probably somewhere on a public page. Yeah. I had a question about the layering. If you target a specific person, would you suggest creating an end interest underneath that? Or I mean, I've never tried it that way. Yeah. Yeah, it's a good question. So it kind of depends on who you're targeting. If I'm hitting Tony Robbins, I'll probably go more narrow. Because I mean, you might like Tony Robbins, but you're completely niched in him, a different niche. And you both like Tony Robbins. So yeah, depends on where you are. But if you're hitting specifically mom-pronurial people, that might be good enough. Who do you customize? Yeah, if you've got custom audiences, use them, for sure. Yeah, I'm showing you. Yeah, I'm assuming if you have them, then you probably already know targeting enough to use them. Yeah. You see a value in marketing to direct email addresses, but you already have? Yeah, that'd be a custom audience. If you already have that list, go for it. That's great. That's better. Cool. Any other questions? So what I was saying with the Dream 100 is you throw in a bunch of thought leaders in your industry in one pool. And then make a second pool that kind of makes sure that they like your specific niche inside of that. Does that make sense? So one niche I would be, if I was running a quick funnels ad, I would say Tony Robbins and Zig Ziglar and Michael Sam. Anybody who's like a thought leader in the space that's entrepreneurial, right? And then I'd make another pool and make sure that they like marketing software. Maybe they also like SEO Moz and they like our competitors and they like this and this and this. And so those two are contrasting each other. They have to both be entrepreneurial as well as like marketing software. And then I might even add a third layer where I say, OK, but they also have to classify themselves as entrepreneurs or CEOs or presidents of their company or things like that. So I know that I'm hitting entrepreneur-minded people who like marketing software who are the decision makers in the company. So it's like, there's my triple layer and I run that. Make sense? Yeah? Two questions. How big is the audience have to be? Today, 10,000. And when you said that you could put money behind it first for a period of time, is one day the minimum amount of time? Yeah. You can't go. You can't say bye tomorrow morning. Just do one day, right? I want to. Yeah, get to do one day. Yep. And so like since we are working on a really restricted time, you know, since we just have like tonight to run it, if you can't get it to say like as short a time as you want, you could even do daily budget of $50 and then just stop it tomorrow morning. Or as soon as you hit that 100 comment point, just turn it off, right? OK, any more questions on this? Yeah? General bid spend and cost per. So just do automatic bid. Oh, OK. Yeah. We're not going to get into manual bid. That's really advanced and automatically perfect for tonight. Yeah? So what is your pay-in on boosting versus ads manager? I always go ads manager because I can be really, I can be a lot more specific and I can have more control. So yeah, I would suggest. I have an audience, then boosting is fine. I always still go here. Yeah, boosting is a little, there's some really intricacies. If you want to talk to me after, I can kind of break it out for you. Desired ROI on your six figures among the Facebook ads. I mean, is there a range? Every offer, we have a ton of front-end offers, and everyone has a specific cost per acquisition that I've got in my mind. Does that make sense? Is there a range we should aim for? Oh, it's totally dependent on your offer. Yeah. OK, cool. Any more questions? OK, I'm going to show you really quickly just a couple slides. So the slides I'm going to show you right now are when you're down in this area. OK, we're going to talk about lead ads, and then I'm done. Lead ads. So what a lead ad is, is in your Facebook news feed, you've got just what looks like a normal ad. But when you click on it, instead of it taking you somewhere, it's actually going to just open up a form right there inside of Facebook. It just opens up this little form box, and you fill it up. And now, suddenly, that person's your lead, right? So you can use it for all kinds of lead generation, but for today, you can use it for collecting your 100 answers from 100 people. Any questions on that idea? Yeah, it's really cool. It's like as if you drove them to a page with a form or a survey, but you don't leave Facebook. So it's really quite simple. You go through this exact same process. Your objective at this point is going to be lead generation right there. You've got to make sure you choose the right objective. Lead generation. You're going to go through the same, choose your audience and your placements and your budget ad set system. And then when you get here in the ad area, the format, it just has you start building out a lead form. And you just say it's a new lead form, and you click Next, and it just walks you through. Tell us what you want to ask, and give us an image to put up here, and then you're done. So it's not that complicated. Again, what you're going to pay for for an engagement, it's going to be different for each one of your niches and where you're targeting, depending on how competitive the people you're trying to reach, how many other ads they're trying to stuff in there. So your prices will be different as well, depending on how good your copy is in your images. But I'm assuming that you're going to get post engagements for no $0.20 to $0.50 per engagement. Some of you will beat that, and a quarter of those will be comments. So I think that the $50 mark will, you know, $50 to $75 for a cold audience will be fine. If you're just trying to get it to your fans, if you guys already have a fan page, I'm sure you know how to do that. Your comments will come cheaper. And the leads are probably going to cost a couple of dollars a pop or more. So to get your 100 leads this way, they're going to be way high quality, and they're going to be people you can market to again, because you're going to collect their emails and everything like that. But you're going to pay $2 to $3 per. And if you're cool with that, do it. Questions on this? Cool. So that's what I've got. Is there any questions in general? I have a question. Yeah. How many of you guys want me and John to do this live right now? Woo! Yeah! I want to do commercial Facebook live right now. And when it's done, John gets over here and does it. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Don't want to do that? Yeah. OK. That's good. I'm so excited. I was like back here jumping around as soon as I had the idea. Anyway, OK. So this is what I'm going to do. I'm going to do Facebook live. Nor and I are actually working on the Fill Your Funnel program right now. So I'm not going to put you on the spot to make you be on the video. But I'm going to find out from our group what the number one question is about filling their funnel. I'm not going to do a live thing, but I have a chapter that I didn't put in the book about traffic. So anyone who gives a comment, I'm going to send them the lost chapter. That would be my bribe to get them to comment. I think that's about it. OK. So I'm going to get this all set up here. And we'll see how it goes. So you can also just do the normal Facebook app, because I don't have the pages one. So you get the same thing. So are you able to pull up just the fan page when I start going? But turn the audio off so you guys don't get the whole echo thing. OK. So I may, I don't know what I was going to say. Yes, I may include you guys. I may not. If you do, get all excited. If not, then don't worry about it. OK. So I just clicked on live video, and it has me describe my video. So I'm going to put in what's your number one question about how to get, getting traffic to your funnel is so generic. So how to get rich people into your funnel. Say something like that. Oh, buyers. Yeah, proven buyers. Proven buyers into your funnels. GIF, let's see. Bribed if you, let's see, cool bribe. Cool bribe if you answer. OK, so it says, what's your normal question about how to get proven buyers into your funnels, cool bribe, if you answer. That sound good? Yeah. All right. So good that I'm getting in like two seconds. I have to listen around. When you able to get the, OK, so when I start, you'll be able to, it should pop up there in a minute, right? OK, so I'm going to go live. You guys excited? Excited? All right. Ken, we're going live in three, two, one. Hey, everybody, this is Russell Brunson. How are you guys doing today? I've got a question for you guys. And if you answer my question, I'm going to give you an awesome bribe, which would be pretty cool. But before we do, I want to make sure that there's enough of you guys on here to be able to participate in the bribe. Because I need to at least, how about this? I need to get 100 of you to comment down below the answer. And if you give me, if I had 100 of you guys, I'm going to give you all you guys a GIF. If I only get like 20, then I'm not going to do it because you guys aren't that excited. But if you are excited, it means I need 100 of you guys to comment down below. Sooner or later, 100. I'm going to give you guys a really cool bonus. That means, yeah, you guys are excited here. That means if we only have like 20 or 30, tag your friends down below that way, they come as well and they can comment. So my question for you is, what is your number one question about how to get people into your funnels? Not just people, because you don't really want broke people coming into your funnels, right? You want people that have money. Because if they have money, they can give you some of that money. I don't know. It seems smart to me. So that's what we're going to do. So my question for you is really simple. What's your number one way to get people, to get buyers into your funnel? And it can be anything. It can be from a, I just lost my connection. Do you love that? This stuff happens all the time. Try and reconnect. Try and reconnect. We're going to have 18 comments. Crap. All right. I'm going to tell them it's round two, and we'll make fun of this, because it'll be more fun that way. This is like character flaws, right? Like, hey, guys, I should have the whole thing crashed. We're starting again. So hopefully this gives you guys permission to screw up, because I do almost every time. I know I got to bring it back. Let me redeem myself. OK. Your number question about how to get proven buyers into your funnel. Answer. Credit card number. Very cool. Yeah, put your credit card down below. That's, you know, you got to cult when they just do that. OK. I'm going to say take two. All right. OK. Three, two, one. Hey, everybody. This is Russell again. So I just started Facebook Live a few minutes ago. I was super excited. And then turned out my internet just crashed on me. So too many of you guys are excited about this. So let me kind of give you the backstory. So what we're doing right now is we've been here. I'm at an event right now in our office. This is our new office in Boise, which I mean, you guys haven't even seen it yet. And we've got a bunch of people here. You guys want to see everybody? Hi. So what happens is they were all still in the internet, which crashed my phone, which screwed up the whole thing. So we're going to take two right now. But the same thing is true. So we've been talking about building it. This is called our FAT event, funnel hackathon event. And we're talking about how to get people into their funnels. And I was like, I wonder what everyone's biggest questions are. So I've asked these guys, but I want to know your opinion. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to bribe you guys, if you will tell me what your number one question is about how to get people into your funnel. And not just, I don't think any of you guys really want broke people. Like how do you get buyers, people with cash, to come into your funnel? That's the question. So what's your number one question? It could be about anything about Facebook ads, or Google ads, or SEO, or anything. Like whatever your questions are, I want to know what it is. So down below, you don't have to have a product. I don't care if you have a product. I want to know what your question is. If you have a funnel, how do you fill that funnel full of buyers with cash in their hands? So what's your number one question about that? And what I'm going to do is I'm going to bribe you guys. If you will answer that question, some of you guys have read my book. Have you guys read this book, dot com secrets? Have you guys all read it out here? Yeah. All right. So in this book, initially there was a chapter I wrote that talked about how to fill your funnel full of people. And then I did not put it in the book. How many of you guys want that chapter out here? Yeah. OK. So what I'm going to do is anybody who comments down below an actual good question, or not a good question, but a good question, yeah, a good question. If I get at least 100 questions and comments down below, what I will do is I will message each of you guys indirectly. A link to the missing chapter that's not in here. That's all about traffic. And hopefully that'll give you at least a head start. But I want to make sure that the stuff we're doing, talking about traffic and filling your funnel in the future that we are covering everything you guys want and everything you need. So if you can just comment down below, whatever your number one question is about, how to get people, buyers into your funnel, that's all I need to know. But I have to get this as a rule. I have at least 100 of you guys to comment. Otherwise, I'm not going to send this all out. I want some engagement. So I see a bunch of you guys coming in, which is kind of cool. Awesome. Questions keep coming. I need at least 100. If I don't get 100, nobody gets it. So if we get at least 100, I'm giving this out. So that means if you know somebody else who might have questions about filling their funnel, tag them down below in the comments. And as soon as we get 100 people, the next day or so, I'll show you how to link to the PDF of the missing chapter, which is all about traffic. So that's the game plan. You guys all cool with that? All right. So with that said, you guys, comment down below. Appreciate you all. And hopefully I'll see you guys in the next Fat Event here in Boise if we ever do it again, which I don't know if we will. But if we do, you should come. Join the circle. And these guys need to join your circle. Yeah, this is for inner circle members only right now. But that's the game plan. Anyway, that's all I got. You guys, thanks so much for hanging out today. Let me know your number and question down below. And I'll send you guys the bribe. Thanks, everybody. All right. We had what? Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! So we got 118 people. So now, John, you want to show what you would do from this point forward? Yeah, for sure. I just turned my mic on. Is that cool? Yes. OK. One thing I want to point out here, guys, look, we didn't put any kind of link in this top right here. OK. And in the text above, all we did was what's your number one question. So what can they do? All they can do is comment. There's no other way to engage with this, right? Other than like it and comment. Don't be all tempted to put your link in there. I think it'll be distracting. Cool. Comments are thrown in down here. You saw me while he was going. I shared it with some other groups we have and stuff like that. And the other page we have. So when I hop over here into the ads manager, and I create an ad. By the way, every time you Facebook Live, John jumps me laugh, or this is the next step. So it's like getting good at like, OK, the ad's done. Boom. Let's go like push some money behind it, get some people watching it. Exactly. While he was on, I shared it with our groups and our other page if you have those available or if you don't create some. And so that way we had extra live people seeing it. And then afterwards, we're going to do this. So the campaign on this one, we want engagement, right? Because we want those comments. We want post engagement. We're going to name this ad set fans, just so I know who it's going to. I'm an ad set. The biggest thing in my ad set is who it's going to. So I always name my ad set as to who it's going to to keep myself sane. Cool. So right here, United States is good. We'll take Canada. Our audience is in United States, Canada, Australia. And the United Kingdom. That is the bulk of our audience, so we can do all of those. I'm not going to be specific on age. Everyone matters in this one. But what I'm going to do is I'm going to come down here. This is for people who already have fans on their page. You're zooming in. OK, we're zooming in a little bit. There we go. OK, so we're going to do add a connection type. This is where you're going to find the people that are on your page. So people who already like your page. People who like your page. There's two pages I'm going to put this on. People who like Russell Brunson's page, and people who like the ClickFunnels page. Would you put in like this? You didn't have an audience yet? Would you put in other people there? So you can't. This connection is only people that you own. Yeah, if I didn't, then I'd go up here to detail targeting. And I would say, I'll do this for you so you can see the triple layering. Anybody who's interested in, first I go super broad, then I go more narrow, then I go super narrow. So anybody who's interested in lead generation and digital marketing, and I just let Facebook feed them to me. Online advertising, social media marketing, email marketing, right? And I'm going to make this big pool. I would keep going. I'd keep clicking on anything that looked good. I won't take the time to do that. But you can see I've got a huge audience at this point, and it's very not targeted. Yeah, let me get down the roll. I'll show you a budget. OK, so here I've got really general, right? Like, ugly general. Never, ever run an ad just to this, OK? Unless you ask me permission first, and there's only a certain specific instances, I'd let you do that. OK, then you narrow the audience. OK, so they need to be like online marketer people. But let's make sure that they're also follow thought leaders, right? So Amy Porterfield, and Ryan Dice, and Jeff Walker, and Evan Pagan, Mike Filsame, Mike Dillard, Andy Jenkins. Once you start putting a few in here, Facebook starts to say, OK, I know where you're going. I'll feed you the rest of them. And as long as they're good, you just keep choosing them. Ferry Belcher, Digital Marketer, Russell Bronson, Armand Moran, J. Abraham. Right, so I get all my thought leaders in here. So this is super broad with the biggest interest. Can you see there to the right? We're talking about 72 million people on online advertising, 8 million in email marketing. This is too big. So we cut it down. They have to also like these thought leaders. So now we're in the thousands or hundreds of thousands. And then also, I'll even narrow even further and make a third pool. And here they have to actually like marketing software if this is click funnel. So I would say SEO Moz, marketing software, SEMrush marketing software, SpyFu, Kismetrix, Unbounce. So here I'm putting in these. And so now I have a triple layer. Any questions on this? Really broad, more narrow, super narrow. And now I'm really targeted. Cool? OK. I don't need to do that because I already have fans. So I'm canceling them all out. And I'm just going to run it to our fans. Would you put in Fusionsoft in there? Yeah. Yeah. Fusionwork? On this one, I'm going to edit placements. I'm going to take off Instagram. And on Facebook, I'm actually going to take off right column only because I'm looking for comments. I love right column ads, by the way. Don't let people talk you out of that. But I'm going to take them off here. So all we've got is in the feeds. Cool? I'm accepting all of this. I'm going to run a budget on this one. $75. Oh, we already have fans. $50. The reason why you build a cult is it gets easier and easier every time you go. It does. It gets cheaper and easier. Cool. And then you just continue. OK, this is the tricky part right here. All of you. So instead of running with the create a new ad, which is what's going to be on default, instead you're going to use an existing post. We already created it. It's on our page. We've got to go find it. So find the page you want to run it on. Make sure you find the right post. That's it. Ad captions, if you have time to do that, that's always good. And you're good to go. I mean, you can flip through and see what it looks like on the mobile, on the desktop. Does it automatically add the captions or do you use red.com to the transcript? So I would click right here to add captions. And I'd go through the process of generating it. And then just to make sure that I'm not running it on the process of generating it. And then just double checking it. I just read through, make sure it doesn't say something weird. It's a pretty good app, Facebook, John. Yeah, it'll get it. So it'll get 90% if I'm right, but that 10% it gets wrong is weird. So you've got to make sure you click through it, right? You should read through it. Yeah, read through it. Anyway, but yeah, that's as fast. And then I'm placed the order, right? We're done. I did that in what, five minutes? Yeah. You always do desktop and mobile? Yeah, for this one I would, yeah. So when you read the captions, you generate captions down and then you wait and it shows up. You give your chance to reveal it. It does, yeah. Yeah. Cool, we're done. And there it is. Boom. Thank you. Hey, John, one more thing. So we're going to have all you guys do this right now. We're going to go find a corner here, outside or somewhere, and do a Facebook Live. And a couple of things. Some of you guys are nervous, I understand. Some of you guys may, it may interfere with your existing marketing schedule. If that's the case, what I'd say is make a page, because we're going to be doing videos tomorrow as well. And also on the third day, we're going to be then using those videos in parts of the funnels we've been building on the third day. So we need to make sure you're making these. So if you don't want to do your own thing for whatever reason, because you're scared and you don't want people, whatever, you want to show them real quick how to make a fan page, so they can just create one real quick and then that you can do just that new fan page. And that way, at least you have the video assets, because we are going to be using those assets to actually build out the funnels as we go. But for every reason you need to, you can go and create a page that's the demo one that you can kind of store these at and we can pull the videos off later. Any questions about that? Is that a hand? Sorry, there's a light right there. Yes? So I do have a question about the video, like the content. So if I already, is it possible to use this to use it as content for a webinar that's coming out? 100%. For webinars, for products, for messages, for, the more times you guys ask this question, the more data you get back, and most people never ask, and then they're trying to guess and something like, your audience will tell you everything they want. You don't have to ever wonder. And in the worst case, it gets them all excited and even if you never do anything with it, I ask that question. We got, I don't know how many hundred comments we'll get. Everyone's going to be excited. I'm going to set up a free thing. Most people are going to love me even more and drink a little bit more of my Kool-Aid and eventually they'll be in this room as well. So it's like, yeah, even if you don't use it, it doesn't matter. Just getting people, so it happens, like keeping people engaged in the conversations and stuff that's happening. And so it's just a fun, easy way to do it. Like we did, I mean, some of you guys probably saw, we did a huge Ask Campaign during the summertime. We sent multiple emails and a whole bunch of stuff. And then you guys haven't seen anything from that later. But we're using all the data for a bunch of stuff that has been useful for us. But it was really engaging. People loved it and it got people, you know. So there's multiple benefits besides just you getting the questions. Like it's a cool way to get people excited. Any other questions? I don't know what is. I'm personally, I've never taken a survey online, but people love this kind. They love to be able to give their opinion and their feedback. And so like, you put the message in front of the right audience, people that are interested in relationships. And like, what's your number one question about how to get your husband to actually show up? Like, they're going to be like, I don't know who you are, but like, I'll tell you my question. People love to give, as you notice through the elections, everyone wants to give their opinion whether you want to hear it or not, right? And so like, just having that thing out there is the key. It may not come as fast, but you can get them. So don't spend any time with one or two sentences or just go right. Who you are? You could. Yeah. I mean, anything you do, building and track character stuff starts at the second someone first meets you. Like, I would grab the kombucha bottle back there and be like, eh, I'm like, I would do something or whatever that is. But like, to cause that, yeah. Yeah. Biggest part is your personality. All you guys have different personalities, whatever like you're comfortable with and however you would talk to your people anyway, like having some fun with that and do it. So any questions? Is nervous? Excited? I really want you guys to do this. Like, I don't know how many times I teach people stuff and like, I'm going to do it and they go home and they never do it. This is funny. Yesterday, Brandon and Katelyn were in my office and I have a picture of Katelyn in my book where we'll talk about this actually on day three, like the perfect webinar hack. And I was like, there's a picture of me doing it. And I was like, remember you guys did like a month later and she's like, we didn't do a month later. Mike, when did you do it? She's like, while you were doing yours, we were planning ours. And when yours ended, we launched ours right afterwards. Like, that's the difference between them and like, most people I know in the world, like they're implementing the second it's happening. So I don't want you guys to be like, oh, cool, I'll do Facebook live on this. And then next week you're like, what was that thing again? I want you to do it now while you're in the moment, while you remember why it's important, why you saw me do it so you don't forget and we can get it. And in worst case, this will be the worst one you ever do. The next one you do will be better. Every time you do it, it gets better and better. But we just needed everyone to do it just to do it. So any questions about that? OK, and then tomorrow I'm going to find out once you can get more questions back than me by morning, or at least as many as me. All right? OK, let's turn to them. All right, cool. Actually, just don't turn music on because you guys need some quiet. So I say scatter. Maybe like, if you get in groups of three or four or five, find an area and take turns doing it, now we can get through everybody here in the next 30 to 45 minutes. And then we'll meet you guys back here again in the morning.