So recently, it was about a month ago, some guy sent me a message and he goes, Stephen, why are you so high energy all the time? And actually some of you have asked me that here today. Or yes, last night, you're like, I love the energy, keep it up. And so I'm gonna say, why are you so high energy? Why are you so high energy? And a lot of you guys know, where's Nick? Where are you Nick? Nick here? There you are, boom. So I'm in the Army, right? Nick has a military past, right? This is Nick as well. And a lot of it stems from when I was in basic training. And I had this drill sergeant, other drill sergeants called him the dragon. He was that freaky. I would walk in and this dude was huge, total quintessential Hollywood, you know, like massive guy. I mean, he would walk in and just start throwing crap. And he'd pick up all of our stuff and just throw it all over the room and be like, what are you guys doing? You're worth nothing, you know. And I went to basic in February, which is like the worst time to go, because there's snow everywhere and they put you in shorts and t-shirt and they totally take advantage of it, right? And so you're out there in shorts and t-shirt and it's raining ice and I was like, oh, this is amazing. I love the Army, Long Live Marica, you know. And I remember specifically one time there was just tons and tons of rain coming down, tons of it. And it started snowing and there was so much that there was an ice storm that came in. And there were puddles of water all over the place and we were practicing running into areas and taking over spots, which means you're in the prone a lot, you're laying down. And so I was running out, running out and they're like, you got to go run down over here, you got to go run down over here, you got to run down over here. I look where they say that I need to go sit down and it's 33 degrees, it's almost freezing. There's a puddle of water that's about six inches high. And I was like, okay, so I jumped in the water and immediately your body just goes into shock, right? You think about, where's Anthony? It's like the cry of something that you guys torture me with, you know. It's like, oh, this is amazing. And this kid next to me just starts freaking out, this is awful. How could we do this? This is terrible. Oh my gosh. I had this moment. Just my body's freezing, everything's shaking. You start to go in this uncontrollable shake until your body decides to stop wasting energy shaking and instead, which is true, you know, and then all the energy goes to keeping your organs warm. And I had this moment where I was like, you know what? This could be a very crappy experience where I could turn around and actually try to make this something that's awesome. And I started just yelling, whoa, yeah baby, whoa, yeah. There are drills I was like, shut up you. And I was like, yeah, in my head, yeah, this is awesome, you know. And I got up after the time and I started running when the other drill sergeants were looking. I started running and just jumping in the water. I was like, if I'm doing this, this is full baptism, baby. And I started jumping and all this and the rest of the soldiers there are like, Larson, you're freaking out. You know, cut up. This is not fun. This is not cool. Go home. Run away. Get kicked out. You know, that kind of stuff. You know, doing all sorts of stuff, threatening me with having to do the night shift so I wouldn't sleep the next day, stuff like that. And I learned something after that experience. I mean, we stayed wet and freezing in 33-degree weather while snowing and raining ice for, I don't even know how long, it was a very, very long time. And your mind kind of starts to go numb. And I realized that I have control over my environment, my situation is based on how I react to them. And so that's where, baby, comes from. That's where it comes from. When things get, when I got tired, you know, because people ask, Stephen, what is it like sitting next to Russell? Well, the first three months was like drinking from a fire. I was like, I barely keep up with the guy. So baby, you know, over and over and over again, I got to keep this thing going. Like, how do I keep up with a master, you know? And so I'm excited for you guys today. Please join and please join me in a, oh, baby. This spell H, positive VH, all caps, space, B-A-Y, B-A-Y, ba-bae. All right, ready? Stand up, stand up. You ready for this? Ready? Ready? Oh, baby! Yeah, because you're all tired and we need a lot of energy today. Oh, baby, welcome Mr. Russell Brunson. Isn't he awesome? Yeah, should hire that guy. That'd be awesome. We've had so much fun since he joined us. Hey, Stephen, what's your guess? How many funnels you've built since you joined us? What's your guesstimate? I think I'm about 150. It's about 150. So we're doing like, yeah, more funnels a day than most people do in a year. So he's getting the baptism by fire he talked about, which is fun. All right, how many of you guys are feeling a little worn out? You guys are feeling a little awesome and amazing? It's awesome. Cool. Awesome. Well, today's going to be fun. A couple of things. Today's morning session is not going to be super long. I'm going to go over one thing and then we'll be workshopping for a couple hours. And while we're doing that, Dan, the man with the camera back here, is going to be pulling you guys. Anyone who's had a good experience this weekend or any time hanging out with me and our team, he's going to be pulling out, kind of getting some testimonials or videos. He's trying to capture some of your guys' experiences so that we can use that. So if we ever saw this in the future, Inner Circle or the Expert Secrets book, he's trying to capture some cool things. So if you guys can take a minute and run back, and that gives you a chance to go hang out in our other office there, he's going to capture some of your guys' feelings and thoughts. So that'll be happening all the way from now until lunch as well. And it'll be cool. So with that said, we're moving into day number three. So I'm curious, I just want to hear some of, after having a chance to go through and pound through a webinar, which usually takes three or four days to build and do it, and like, I can't remember how long we did last night. It's all a big blur. Like, what are your thoughts or a haas or feelings just from yesterday as a whole? It could be from the story telling stuff. Like, I just love to get some feedback from yesterday, what you guys got from it. I think I got a new appreciation for the transitions and how things were connected together, the segues and doing it piece by piece, how disjointed it can get. And so that that sort of start to finish with the flow, I think has real value. Yes, it's interesting when you do like immersion stuff like this where if you're doing a webinar over like three weeks, you're doing piece by piece, you don't feel that where it's like, are we doing it all right now? And you're like, how does this link and you got to kind of put all things together? You know what I think? I thought it was really cool. You know about the trial closes, but the next level stuff where you're like, by now, are you getting this? I thought that was really cool. For me was really the importance of the story, the first 15 minutes and really that you are not being, what did you say, all about me, me, me, I'm so awesome, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And to your point, the transitions, of course, from that into the three segues. I really liked in each secret, I had a hard time before coming up with the name of each secret, but then you're helping us to realize that like we're identifying the number one barrier to the thing we're trying to get them to believe from that secret and then rephrasing it. So it makes it cool and sexy and everything. Oh, Caitlin, sorry. Oh, good morning. Good morning, Russell. I really just saw the power of like the if all statements, right, and the stacking and how it all just fit, like there isn't a word without a purpose or a slide without a purpose there. So powerful how you, how you can, you just lead them down a path. You guide them where they want to go, but it's a path that you put them on and they can only go one place. So it's just awesome. Yeah, if you do it right, like they either have to lie to themselves or they have to give you money. Just pretty cool. So I close 15% of these 85% of people are just kidding. I'll stop there. Anyone else want to share any of our thoughts? Yeah, I really like the stack because, you know, as you know, I do the preview seminars, which is the same thing as the webinar. And I've got, you know, you get this and you get this and you get this and you get this, but I don't stack it the same way you do where you kind of break it up. You show this and then you kind of go show the benefits and then you go to the next one and then you stack it like that. So I already do the if alls, which works awesome by the way. In fact, if you can do this on it, which just seems really embarrassing, but when you get to the last one, you say if all this would do for you is change your life forever, would that be worth it to you? Yes or yes? You know, and it sounds really lame, but like people go, yeah, well, and you do it in a live audience and you raise your hand every time after you say it. It's yeah, you just keep going like that and you just you get them to make a commitment. So yeah, cool. So the coolest thing I learned yesterday was when you started off on, I think a lot of us have technical babble like we've talked about before. And all of a sudden you're like, if you say a word like that, it's cool. Say it, but then stop. Say it's kind of like, like that was such a light bulb going off because like when I was doing the other, I'm like, how do you not use technical babble and yet train people at the same time, right? Right. Anyway, so like that was right. That was just so awesome to hear like I can use the technical word, but then I need to just give them a little explanation so they tie that in their head. And I just think it looks so powerful like it puts you in such a power play that you're not a you're still a nerd. Yet you can explain it if that makes sense. I that was like the all hot thing of being able to go. That's it. You don't look like a hillbilly trying to explain it all the time. You can just say this word, but that word means X, Y, Z. And then all of a sudden their minds just go, oh, yeah, that's cool. And he is so smart. I like being smart. Did you want this? Okay, so I have been in the 100 club for like 72 hours. Like I am so new to all this stuff. I've had more epiphanies in the last 72 hours in my entire life. My brain is on fire. You know when you go to Disney World as a little kid and you're like, this is the best thing ever. Like this is my Disney World right now. But thank you. I was over complicating things and saying, oh, you can get this and this and this and this and this. And I was losing people and you helped to simplify the process and show them the dream and the vision. You sell visions. You sell dreams. You don't sell product. And I love that you're helping me line all that up because that's what I want to do is sell the vision and not a product. So thank you and everybody. You guys are rock stars. I'm so grateful to be here. Thank you. Anyone else want to share? Brent? So amazing. Man, I just love how we basically reverse engineered the most amazing sales copy, aka the secrets, by using the false beliefs. Because you don't have to guess. Like, what do I say? How do I convince them? Like, you literally take what they're thinking in their brain and you just reverse engineer your copy from that. You don't have to guess. Because I looked at ours and we've done really well with our webinar, but it was like taking the top things that they're thinking and that they're saying in their head and then turning that around and creating the solution. And it's like the way that you reverse engineer your product from what they want, but you kind of did the same thing at a deeper level with the copy. And I just love that because it just makes it like you just can't mess it up when you do it that way. And I just love that process. Thank you. Anyone else? Cool. Well, thanks guys. That's awesome. So a couple things. The theme for today we're going to be going through is the funnel. So I'm going to be sharing a couple of things this morning. We're going to do a couple of cool things. And then after lunch, Stephen's going to come up and we're actually going to be opening up some of the funnels and building it. But what I want to share today this morning just to kind of get your minds thinking. So when I first, so I learned this whole process from being a stage seller, getting on stage, traveling on the country and doing that. And then after like three years of it, I was actually in the Boise airport. It was like one o'clock in the morning. I was flying out somewhere and I'm sitting there in the airport all by myself and I was sitting there on my phone depressed. And I was like, this sucks really bad. I'm like my wife. I just had twins the time. Like my wife, my kids are home. I'm flying out again to go someplace a bunch of people I don't want to hang out with to go do a thing which is fun and then go back to the hotel room and sit there for like another 18 hours before I get to fly back home. And I was like, I don't want this for my life anymore. And so I texted my wife one morning. I said, I'm quitting speaking. This is my last time that you go back. Yeah, right. Love you. See you in a couple of days. And so then my mind, the whole rest of that trip was like, how do I stop speaking and traveling? I don't want to keep doing that. And I was like, well, how can I do this more and more online? And so the time in tele-seminars is a big thing. So we're doing a tele-seminar and then webinars came and I got better and better at doing it on webinars. But for me, that was the only way it kind of worked was just webinars, right? And the pitch and everything went through the last, yesterday was something that's been evolving for the last 10 years for me. It's kind of like the point where now it's, like there's always little things were changing, but it pretty much works. That's why we call it the perfect webinar. Like it's perfect. In fact, I've had probably four or five of you guys who like, I did the perfect webinar. I didn't work. I'm like, oh, why not? Well, I changed this and I tweaked this. And I'm like, are you telling me I give you something called the perfect webinar? It's perfect. And then you changed it. Like, anyway, so it's just perfect. It works. Like in every market, like we've ever tried it in. But recently over the last, probably year and a half to two years or so, and the first time it happened out of kind of a fluke, I was, one of my friends, Mike Phil, same as me, has known him. He's been a new product and he wanted us to promote it. And I wasn't going to, but he's like, when I first got started, he's like my first friend. We got started at the same time. And for the last like 12 years, like he's been like my closest friend in this whole business. And so he's like, I really need your help, man. We're trying to do this thing. And he's like, we're doing an affiliate contest and the winner gets a BMW and this whole thing. Right? And I'm like, Mike, I don't want to promote. I don't have time. We're doing all this other stuff. And anyway, so kind of left it at that. And then he did the launch and people were coming and there's leaderboards, everyone's fighting and all this stuff's happening. He's like, man, you got to help. You got to help. I'm like, do you ever know what's already promoted it? Like it's kind of too late. And then I think it was like three or four days left in the launch before it ended. And he's like, dude, what's it going to take? Like just something like, and finally I'm like, all right, I'll do that. But there's only one condition. I was like, I don't really want a BMW. But a BMW costs, I think about $50,000 when he had. I'm like, I do want a Cryosana, which is $50,000. If I win, will you buy me a Cryosana instead of a BMW? He's like, dude, you are so weird. And I'm like, he's like, what is it? I'm like, showing the pictures. He's like, so what do you do? I'm like, you get in it and you freeze yourself for like three minutes. It's really cool. And he's anyway, he's like, whatever, if you win, I'll give you that fine. I'm like, cool. So then I was like, okay, well, I got to promote this, but everyone in their dogs are going to promote the same for the last like three or four weeks. Like everyone I know has already bought it. Like how am I going to come and compete in this short period of time? And I was like, oh, I'm going to do a webinar. So I had this thought. I'm going to write a webinar. And then I got to the office and like the day went on. There's like so much stuff happening and it takes for me, you know, a couple of days to like really do a good webinar. And finally I was like, I just, like I don't have time to do it. And he gave me a message. He said, oh, you got to help me. And finally I got down to like 48 hours left. He's like, come on, man, help me. Finally I was like, go. And then I had this like pop in my head. I was like, what if instead of like doing all the slides, what if I just opened up Facebook live and I just did a webinar like off the top of my head and just see what happens? I was like, that's the only shot I had left. So I'm like, okay, so I sat down in front of a whiteboard. Here's a picture of it. And I was like, okay, what's, what's my one thing? And so he was selling automated webinar software. So this is like, this is not perfect, but this was with like three minutes of prep time. So it's pretty dang good. So I was like, okay, what's the one thing I didn't even believe? I got to even believe that the webinars are the future. So how to make that sexy. How to make at least, I think it's how to make at least eight figures a year without with this new webinar model. So I'm like, okay, so I wrote that on the whiteboard. I doesn't know one thing. Get one of my three secrets. Okay. What's their, what's their fear about that? I wrote down secret number one. I wrote down that. What's their, their internal fears. And okay, and secret number two, I wrote that down, wrote that down. I said, okay, if they buy for me, for someone else, what should I give them? I'm like, okay, here's my offer. I wrote down this and wrote down, I wrote down all those things there. And then I took a little piece of white paper and I like covered up each of these, each of those little things. Melon is like cutting paper and taping him in the back and we're like taping him up. And then within like five, 10 minutes, right? Okay. We got the webinar and I was like, I can't remember if it was Brent, whoever had it. Like we had one phone on Facebook live, one was on Periscope and they stood there and they went quick and they started it. And I was like, hey everybody, welcome to the, to this Facebook live. And I just did the whole thing. I'm like, I'm gonna talk about them. I talked about that and I make secret number one. I talked about it. Secret number two and I talked about it. Secret number three. And if you sign up right now, you're going to get, and I pulled off the thing, you're going to get this, and you're going to get this. And I did the whole stack and whole everything. I think it'd be in 26 minutes and like 32 seconds was my, my entire time and ended. And I was like, who am I doing? I was like, anybody buy it? And then they, I don't know, it's logging into the fill account and sales are like, doon, doon, doon, doon, doon, doon. And so then John jumps on and he's like, man, sales are coming like crazy. So he started boosting it. And over the next like 48 hours, we had over a hundred and like 50, 160,000 people watch this. We did over $250,000 in commissions and I want to cry Osada, which was awesome. Now unbeknownst to me at the time, as I am doing this, Brandon and Katelyn are watching it. And because they are the biggest action takers I've ever met on planet earth, instead of waiting a month like I thought they did, at the exact same time, they were writing out their stuff on a white board and writing out their secrets on a piece of paper. And how did you do the same day or the next day? How? I think it was like, we did it, we did exactly like you did, like the paper and she would like crumple it up and like throw it. It was so funny. And then I think it did like, I want to say 20,000 live and then the next day I think it did 60,000 because we boosted it. And then like we were getting like, like 10 or $12 acquisition costs like at $10 ad spend for $150 product. And then I think by the end of it, we did almost 100,000, like once it kind of finished and then it got disproved because it said weight loss on it. But I was really sad. But we figured it out now. Do you want me to talk about the next one? This is the... So, it's like every time we launch anything now, we just do a Facebook live in our group. If it's like a hot, like it's a product for like our group, like instead of sending an email and getting into a webinar, like we push everyone who signs up for our program into our group and then we do a live in the group. So like we use it for everything now because it's just like the fastest delivery mechanism to like give the best pitch because you just can't do that over an email, you know? And then... This webinar now, the Facebook live has like 1.5 million views on Facebook. Yeah. So, I just think like how much money you'd have to spend on like Legion and like on a regular funnel to get a million and a half people to like watch your webinar. And I think we did like over a half a million dollars with the last one. That's running right now. And that was in like three weeks, I think. It was crazy. I should read you guys all the boxers. The first boxer was like, dude, we just did 60K live. And then like next morning, just like, I don't know, six hours later, we're at 120K. And he's like, we're at 250. And I'm like, and they kept coming in and it's like, then our whole team was like freaking out. So like, I kept boxing you because I'm like, everyone's like, what are they up to now? They're 350. Oh, we're like freaking out with you guys. Like it was so exciting and awesome. How many times have you guys done it? Facebook live version? So the first one we did like our core offer, then we launched this like $27 product and we did like 150 grand with a $27 product on this live. Just because you can reach so many people. And then the third, the last time we did it was in November and that was when we did the half a million on it. And then we just have a new one that's running right now. It's just consistently every single day because it's like you do the webinar and you crush it and it works. And then you literally can just perpetuate it and like automated webinar just by regretting the ad. Let me say something. Okay. So the trick to the Facebook live webinar is this. I'm in the community and I'm like, hey, lady bosses, like I know that it's changed your life so much. And you guys love being a lady boss. There's so many more women out there that we could help. So today I'm going to do a Facebook live at one o'clock Eastern time and I would love for you to be on a share testimony. So the first thing I do when I start that Facebook live is I say, where are my lady bosses at? Like if you've had a transformation, post it in the comments below and tell everybody what it means to you to be a lady boss. And then it's just flooded with social proof of the program. So like they're sold before I even get to the stack. Yeah, like, because literally you have your entire user base singing your praises and answering questions for it. And like sitting it, because you know, when you watch a live video, you're just like watching the comments scroll, right? And so you have your entire user base just like singing your praises while you're pitching your product and they're all like, it works, it works, it works, it works, it works, it works, it works, it works. And like, and so it's just like, we're like, yes, yet, right? And it's no one believes what you say about yourself. But when you have all those people on there, it's like, so, so that just like set a date and then tell them. And then, and then you literally can perpetuate that the thing also that like if once you get it going, I know this is kind of like, but I mean, it's not hard to just set it up. If you already have a webinar, you can just do it live. But once you get it going, and I just literally figured this out yesterday, is like for some reason our cost of acquisition kept going up over like the last couple of weeks. And I couldn't figure it out. And I, because the way you set it on Facebook is you set top comments to show up and then you comment on all the best testimonies and they roll to the top, right? Like you do that on your ads anyway. But like what I realized is that when people watch the live and they pull it full screen, like they see the ad, they click it, they watch it, it'll insert the comments of people like afterwards at any point, like whatever point during the live stream they watched it, it puts their comment. And so we just had a bunch of hater comments. So basically you just sit there, you click it on like live comments and then you watch them and we deleted 700 negative comments. And the cost of acquisition went from $90 to $50. So like, and so like hopefully it gets better because it just, we just started. Yeah, so this is like, you know, this is weeks after it's been running because it's just on auto right now and like literally cut the conversion costs in half because like you just delete all the hater comments out of it because that influence of what they're reading while they're watching you and what everyone else is saying is like the reason they buy, I think. So I have an ad guy, so I just told him to go through and delete it. I think it took him like two hours, but like, it was like, if it's bad, delete it and just the comment moderation. Yeah. So it's amazing. That cool guys. Yes, sir. I think the coolest part about that whole thing is the fact, I mean, we talk all the time about webinars being, you know, $1,000, you know, $497 to $29.97. It's a $147 product. And I remember we were looking as far as coming up with the actual number and I think you'd said it was like $500,000 and brands like, no, that's $600,000. No, it's $650,000. No, it's so the numbers are crazy, especially on that low of a ticket, which you never would ever think you'd get. So congratulations again. All right. So the big reason why I wanted, before I talked about this, I wanted to go into the whole webinar structure and do the slides is because for most of us, it's more like, you've got to go through the process before you can just go live and just go. But after you've gotten your pitch and understand it, like this is an awesome way to do things really, really quick. I've done it two or three times since then and every time it just works really, really awesome. And that's what I want to do right now. How many of you guys want to see me do one right now? But it'd be easy to do my own products. I want to do somebody else's product. It'd be more fun if I'm pitching somebody else's product. I want to show you guys how it's fun. One of our inner circle meetings, I did this. We had three people in the row where I just did their whole webinar and then I pitched it live-ish and it was awesome. So, I was going to hand it. Everyone's fighting. Everyone's fighting. Yeah, I'm not going to do that. I want you to do mine after if you want to do that. I actually want to do Allison's. Would you be willing to let me do yours? Yes. All right, come on up then. Come on up. So, come on up. Skip a round of applause. Come on up. I'm not going to stream it live, but I'm going to do it recorded so you can see me pitching your stuff because I want to see what it is. You carry that? It's like you're in the ride. Yeah. Welcome to Disneyland. It's a small world. I got a few tea cups and I'm just spinning right now. Okay, so all I need to know is a couple things. So first thing, tell me about, oh yes, does your microphone. Yeah, almost. Okay, so tell me about the market area and so I understand that real quick. Okay, so part of this journey is I'm a Sierra Leonepreneur and squirrel, squirrel, squirrel. Welcome to our family. I'm trying to coax down on the one thing that's going to get me the most bang for my buck so I can do it with my family or whatever I want to do. So I'm going to just tell you one of the products that was successful. So three, no, just a couple of years ago, my girls were sleeping in and being lazy. So I said, okay, you have an option. You can either do more tours or start a business. So they started a business and jumping to nine months later, they sold $100,000. Okay, the beauty of this, I know you guys. That's awesome. Seriously, hey, is it not on? Right here. I'm not realistic on it. So my daughter, who was in San Francisco, came home and she was crying. Mom, I can't open up my locker. I don't know how to open up my locker. It's so funny. You just sold $5,000 today. Please don't want to open up my locker. It's awesome. Right on. It's awesome. It's real. So what were they selling? Skars. They sold Skars. So what's the process? What do they do to create them or I want to understand that story? So I import a lot of them and so I do have some convention, which is the other part of mine. Of course, they help people find their products and find what type of quality they want, whether they want a dollar to quality or whether they want to use quality. I think we would get them into the right manufacturer to get their product. So I have them decide on the product that they want because they need to have a passion about it. So they sold these Skars. They chose the design. They sold them the design. They sold them the design. They sold them the design. They sold them the design. They sold these Skars. They chose the designs. We brought them in and I had them take out alone and they have its ender son. You can't just go get free money and I wanted to show them the whole process of how running a business works. So they chose it and said, okay, now what do you need to do? I took them through the whole process. They said, okay, we need to set up a website. You need to have an email. You don't remember old people. They were on Instagram and so like that. This doesn't get old. You know it's for old people. Seriously, I felt like each and every one of them. That's what you can do, right? You need to follow it. So this is such a crazy ride. It seriously is. So then I said, okay, now you got everything set. You learned how to do inventory. You learned how to put your pictures on the site. You got this beautiful car. All the people that know you can drive it. How are you going to drive this thing for sales? And so we started going through the process of what is the next idea? What's the next idea you need to do? Am I going to go in there? Yes, great. You want me to go? I need your stories. I'm going to tell you stories. This is good. Okay. This is really good. And so the first one they did, they ended up doing, well, she came up to me right before we did the first launch and she's like, mom, what if we don't sell any scarves? I'm going to be in debt to you forever. And I'm like, honey, you already are. Don't worry about it. And she's like sweating bullets. And as a mother, I'm just like, this is going to be so great. I'm so excited. Either way, she's learning, right? Whether she fails, fails, you know, whatever she's not going to fail. Or whether she succeed. This is such a good learning opportunity to teach your children that they can do whatever they want to. And so she had her first sell and they made, I don't know, like $4,000 or $5,000. And she's like, whoa, mom, this is so great. So I sat her down and I said, okay, now let's compare babysitting hours to what you've just made. Okay, so fast forward to November. She gets up and she went to this mini shark tank spill. She won second place and won $1,500 for the next product that she wants to do. I sat down with her again and I'm like, okay, let's talk babysitting hours. It would have taken her like three years to earn what she just made in this pitch. She's like, where else can I pitch, mom? Where else can I pitch? She doesn't have a product. She just has an idea and she's learning how to do this. How old is she? She's almost 16. Scares me to death. She doesn't even want to get her driver's license. She just wants to build businesses. She's going to Uber now. So anyway, so this is what, this is the webinar that I was selling. This process is so easy that even kids can do it. It converted pretty well, but I didn't have any of my processes in place. Then this is a whole, let's go back to praising Russell on this, is when he's talking and I'm like, okay, where do I put this or where do I put that? He's already answered it faster than I can even process my question. So thank you. Awesome. We're at fun. I'm at Prairie Don't Miss Now. Can I go sit down and take notes? Can someone take notes for me on how to pitch this? We're at Rannies Recording, we'll give you a copy. Okay, so this is awesome. This is going to be way easier than I thought. Yeah. Kase, what do you sell the course for right now? I'm not going to tell you. What are you selling for tomorrow? I will sell it for $9.97. What are you going to sell it for? Just keep it until then. I'll tell you later. Okay. Awesome. Is it for kids, for the parents or for just anybody who's wanting to learn how to do that? So I was pitching it towards, so I have this audience, it's called How Does She? It's got 1.8 million Facebook followers and a lot of them are just moms trying to figure out how to do it. And so what I'm trying to build is my entry, just like the drip wire type thing. And this is more of my entry level and I'll just give them pieces, just a part of it, to see if they're interested and then build something deeper for the people that want to take it to the next level. And then work with the people that are really interested, not the people that are like, how do I get a URL, what's a URL? Yeah. Just have that entry to kind of filter through those that are really going to work. And so just have that as a drip wire, kind of that's my drip wire story, so easy kids can do it. And then build into something deeper for more serious mom entrepreneurs and how to get them to the next level. Cool. Is it, would the process you're showing them is like e-commerce, like finding stuff, China? Okay. Cool. So how to find a trending product, how to get it on a website and how to sell it. People do it. Cool. How many of you guys think that, I almost see like two ways I pitched this. One is like to the moms, one's like to the families, like, because I heard that story, like, I might not necessarily want it, but I want my kids to all do that now. So that's my kid, that's my daughter's business that she's building right now. And I said, I've got a click funnel for you. So she's building a click funnel that she wants to sell to her friends because all her friends are like, wait, what? Like they can't even comprehend a hundred thousand dollars. They just don't understand that concept. They don't understand it. Oh, you're cool. So she's 15 years old? She's 15. So a hundred thousand, what's like a specific, like how much do you think he actually made so far? Like a hundred thousand, because more specific, better it's going to be. It's like a hundred, I don't know, a hundred and a hundred thousand. I could look on the course. Twenty seven. Twenty seven. Perfect. Thank you. We'll take twenty seven. Hundred. $9. Isn't that amazing? How long was the process for her to go from getting to? We did it in nine months. Well, do you know what? We had to buy the URL, a teacher URL, and she had to get the product in. So probably a year, but from the day she launched her website to the hundred thousand, it was nine months. Just nine short. Hey, I love you. My whole buyer's in here. I sold it. Let's sell him something. I'm renting from a gal where I'm staying and she's like, what are you doing? I'm like, oh, I'm here with learning this stuff. Thirty seconds into the conversation, she's like, can I buy your course? I'm like, I don't even have it done yet. Hang on. She's like, you better not leave until you give me your information. I know. I know. This is why I'm here to learn from you guys. How you guys do it. You need to do it pretty well. Yeah. All right. So this right here would be like my headline. So my dad taught my 15 year old made a hundred thousand, $279 in just nine short months and how you and your kids can do it too. That's how any massage is really quick. Cool. Okay. Now I'm coming back down. I'm looking for three secrets. Okay. So when people, when we first explained to people, what's like the biggest fear they have about like the e-commerce, China, like all that kind of stuff? The biggest fear is they've got to come up with the next sharp tink idea. They're like, I just don't have an idea. And I'm like, really? You don't need to have, they sold scarves. How many billions of scarves have been sold? You just have to find the trending product. Let me show you where to find the trending product. Don't come up with the next new idea and invest your kids college funds into that idea. You've got to test it. Don't invest a lot of money. Find out what's, am I giving you the answer? Yes, keep going. Okay. Don't try and build the next sharp tink idea with all your money. Just find something that's trending and something that is working for someone else. Don't copy them, but compliment them or change the design. Like the girls, they wanted to do scarves for adults and children. They had a hard time finding scarves for children. So they made it just a little bit smaller so that they could sell to both markets. And then they got to choose the design. And I showed them, okay, these are the hot selling designs. And they're like, oh, okay. I like that color, that color, and that color. So you take them to a place where they can succeed. If I said, I don't just come up with a product. Oh, man, I should have written the list down what they would have come up with. And I wanted to set them up for success. And I knew if I showed them, these are the trending products. They could choose a product easier and be more successful. Cool. All right, so secret number one, why having a sharp tink idea will actually cause you to fail. Oh, what? You guys heard the angels singing on that one. I love it. Okay, so now we know that's their biggest belief about the vehicle. So next is like throwing an internal belief. So what are their fears about themselves actually being able to do this thing? Money. They're afraid of investing a lot of money. They're afraid that they've got to have huge social media followings because they do look at me and they're like, you have 1.8 million Facebook followers. Like, of course you can do it. And I proved to them through another business venture that I had that had zero, zero social media following that you can do it. You don't need a lot of money. You don't need a huge social media following. What was the product you did with zero social media following? It's the pillowcases. Okay. So I wanted to see if I could take a product and go from zero to a million. How fast I could do it with three skews. It's basically the same product. Just once, it's a pillowcase. One opens on the back. One opens on the side and one's a square. And we did it in about 18 months. We grew it from zero to a million dollars in about 18 months. Cool, huh? They're so soft, you guys. They're the best things ever. I was like, oh, they're so soft. They are amazing. But I did it. I wanted to prove it. And I think, like, I just like to prove things when people are like, how do you do that? You can't do that. I'm like, oh, watch me. And it's a pillowcase. And it's a pillowcase. How many thousands of billions, you know, Amazon kings, where are you? There. How many billions of... Seriously. And I did it in like 18 months. 18 months. What was the actual number? You said a million. Can I call my accountant? No, I just guessed him it. A million and one. Okay. And 72 cents. And how long was it? 18 months? Yeah, about 18 months. 18 months on a friend. Yeah. I know your numbers. Alison, is that all on Amazon? No. I just started... Okay, I don't know Amazon. I know, you guys. Seriously. Yeah. So I put my... I put those pillowcases on Amazon in like October. And just in the two and a half months... Part of October was me going, wait, what? Wait, how do I put this here? What about this? What about that? Anyways, by the end of December, I think it was around $20,000 themselves. So I was pretty excited about that. You got... You gurus, apparently. This is a good thing. Yeah, but I'm just learning the Amazon space because I don't like how Amazon takes my money. Oh, I want to pay Amazon. I like to pay other people. They do give you money. They do give you money, yes. Okay, so I got... This might not be perfect, but the little known trick is sold $1.1 million in pillowcases in less than 18 months, starting with zero followers of fans. Fans. I like that. All right. Number three. Awesome. What are their external... Well, let's see. So what they're like, cool. I believe that that's the vehicle I could do e-commerce stuff. Sweet. I don't have to have a following or anything, but I can do it because of that thing. What's that thing that they're like? Time. I'm so busy as a mom. So busy. Okay, so my girls, they're in school. They've got band. They're the biggest dorks. I love them. They're like trumpet, band, geek, and they're proud of it, and it makes me more proud that they're so proud of it. It's awesome. She's in DECA and band. My dream child right there. I love it. No, not yet. Not yet. I think she's a little bit nervous about that. I forgot where I was going now. No time. I'm so busy as a busy mom. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I get so wrapped up in some of my stories, you guys. This is so great. Okay, so, and then the pillowcase business. I don't have time. I'm running another company that I haven't even talked about. I've launched two companies and I've got a blog and I'm trying to grow my Facebook following because that's our biggest converter. We can sell Amazon products. You guys that sell Amazon products, give me your link because we can convert on Amazon like mad. Okay, so I'm running all this stuff right. I don't have a lot of time. This pillowcase business takes me one to two hours a week to run it. How about initial setup? Initial setup. I threw myself in for about two months and found the product, but I really just dove into it for about two months and then I set up all my processes, hired the right people, hired the sales manager, trained her on how to do it. That's kind of evolved in those two hours a week. So it's about two months solid and then it trickled. I started getting more and more off my plate as more and more processes were set into place. I do about two hours a week on time. So I tell them, you guys can do this when your kids are napping. You don't need to have a huge... That was cool right there. That was cool. You do it. Okay, so I'm going to tell you another story because I've had a microphone so I can't... So my sister, so my daughters did it, right? And my sister, she's like, seriously, I want to make money. And she has three little tiny babies in tow so she can't even go to the grocery store by herself. It gets just mad house, right? And she's like, I need a new roof. I need a new roof, right? And so I'm like, okay, let's get you a new roof. So I started showing her this process and she did $129,000 in nine months. Then she took that money and is now building her dream... This is giving me the chills, you guys. Just wait, this gets even better. She's now building her dream company and she's doing personalized capes for kids, which she's going to donate some to the hospital for sick kids. Okay, but wait, I'm not done. This is like that snack thing. There is more, there's so much more. I'm sorry. Oh, I love this. You're making my job so much easier, yeah. I'm sold. So, okay, you guys, she has infertility issues. This next chunk is going to help by my nephew. This, her dream business is going to buy... And I know it's saying buying babies is like bad. I don't think it's the correct way to say it. It's going to cost her $40,000. She gets to have a kid. My nephew, my nephew, this business gets to grow my family. And I know I'm bringing it back, it's all about me, but kind of it is. I'm so excited. I'm so excited for this baby. Oh, you guys, that's awesome. All right, secret numbers. I'm going to do you on a webinar. Oh, yeah. I have to run up and down the stairs to get my energy out before. So I come and I'm like this sweaty mess and I'm like, you guys, don't say it. Oh, man. All right, secret number three, the two hour week part-time job you can do while your kids nap. Is that good? Beautiful. It is. It is. And it could pay for your kid. All right, now we're going to do... Okay, wait, I need to change your word. I'm sorry. Sold. Sold. Sold. So if I said made, scratch that out of your right sold. Good. Good. Russell, is that important that you say sold because there's a cost of goods, there's a cost of advertising? So the more you do... I have no idea. I have a lawyer guy. That's good to know. He tells me I break the rules, but I don't know anything about that. So I'm using... You can afford a good lawyer. Yeah, I'm not good at that. All right. Okay, so now we'll talk about the offer. So when I give you $1,000, what's the first thing I'm going to get as far as like a training thing? So it's now a six weeks training course. It was a seven-year module job. It wasn't drunk. It's beautiful stuff, but it wasn't simplified. So now it is a six week course. What do you call it? A six week course. That sounds like in school. I hate school. What's the protocol? What's the... This is what I came here. All right, what should we call it? Fast practice, success. No offense, but that's not going to resonate with women. Correct. At least my tribe. They'll think that's spammy. So keep going. Wonder woman. Wonder woman. How does she brand? I can't. Because this... How does she... I have... There's three of us that own it. You want to keep all this money? Not a third of it. What about a super mom? What about she rocks or something like that? Or she, you know, she slays or she, you know, something like that. She makes a heck of a lot of money. She... Can you play it off of like backpack action edicts or something that a woman packs with her and then now she's got this arsenal, not like a diaper bag, but like... Stunny's like Bartlett. Is there something? Is it for the moms? I want to be for... I'm going to pitch it as both because I think it's important. But... How about teenage millionaire? Or mentor or something. Mom to millionaire. Mom to millionaire. But I'm afraid if I pitch millionaire, my gals will be like, Pshh. Allison can do it. That's so unobtainable. Is there a name right now for moms and their kids together like tribe or... That's a good question. Is there a cool name for that right now? Is there? Moms are using for themselves and their kids where you can make it a teen thing. If there's, that's awesome. I don't know what that is. I can make your full-time mom. I like... You don't want to say full-time. What about part-time? Part-time, full-time income? But the concept here that you're working with is the entrepreneur... The entrepreneurial family. Yeah. Right. Yeah. I mean, I don't... It's like, it's not the family entrepreneur. It's like the new family business. I don't have the right words here. There's a company on Amazon called the Selling Family. Oh. You know, and they teach people how to sell on Amazon. Okay. Allison, is there a good project for mom and kids, right? So I was selling to moms, but my daughter's going to come in and sell to kids. What's your daughter's name? Mykayla. Mykayla. Mykayla. But you can call her Mykayla. She'll respond. What's your last name? She'll respond to anything? What's your last name? Prince. Prince? Yeah. It's got something there. Yeah. I married my prince charming. The artist formerly known as. All right. So we're going to call the first thing. I can't believe I stopped you guys on this. Princess. Princess. No, I'm trying to add princess. That's something with mom. Princess and online. How about mom and princess? Princess, mom. Princess, mom. Princess, mom. From here to, you know, a princely, something's princely profits. What's princely profits? Sugar monstery. What do you mean princess? Sugar monstery. Sugar monstery. I think a lot of people are like, I think a lot of them are. I'm a sugar monstery. Oh. Yeah. I'm tapped into that. And you're like, instead of being like, I'm a failure. I failed at this. I failed at this. And I'm not enough. You're like, I know what it feels like to fail. And now I know what it's like to succeed. And then like, somehow you tapped into that. I don't have some time. But like, that train of thought, because I think that was like, emotionally resonating with mom. That's a great idea. Is your mom pretty or? Yeah. Yeah. She's got a pretty society president. I like that one. I like that one. Mother of God. I'm reclaiming your identity. I think my name's good. Because that's soon to be your mom's number one. Okay. So I was just thinking, like, moms don't really, they're not like, you know, like, I want to be on tour. Because that sounds like it takes time away from their family. Yes. So what if you call it something on the line to like, money mom? Yeah. Okay. Wait, what about nappreneur? Nappreneur. So they build this business during nap time. Oh. Oh. How about? How many people? No. Nappreneur. Yes. All that, you guys. Okay. I think you can play on the words, friends, because I know what it's like, but the whole like, Prince Charming thing. And you could, so could you turn Prince, your own, your own, your own, your own, your own, your own, your own, your own, your own, your own, your own, your own, your own, your own, your own, your own, your own or odd. Like Flip Evans? Yeah, sooner in Prince, your last name, two, six steps of six letters. T Richmond, that, it's in. The go, like with that. And your later could be like, butbus, we've been. That, a line of dunno, we've got to find your pin's charming business. To tip. Race, Pawleg to, to, ultimate freedom. You can create your own Prince Charming. You know, online, I love that. Right, because then it's not about the kids. It's not about the kids. It's not about the mom. It's just like, this is how we live. Like, it's your culture. Like, these are the principles. Yeah. I think you could start a movement. And focus on mother-daughter. Yeah. Mother-daughter millionaire club. And the reason I say millionaires is I know you don't. I know you think millionaires are good, right? But the thing is, is that you want to attract people with high aspirations, right? Yes. So someone who sees millionaires like, dude, I want that. Those are going to be people that are going to get success. And if you say mother-daughter millionaire club, you also build a little bond with your mother-daughter. They build through the process. We've learned a lot together, this little McKinney. You lose all the money. True. True. I'm not going to give you a chance to know her. I don't hear your idea. You're going to give mom a know her? Because to me, it's like your needs are really a kid and a mom, right? That's what your whole story is just based on a mom and a kid being an entrepreneur together, right? Yeah, it's teaching her that she doesn't have to go work for someone else, for pennies, like the babysitting idea. Which a lot of parents want to be able to have their kid be induced things together, right? And teach these principles. So it's something within, that's like the brand. Kid mom. The mommy and the money. How about this? Have I written a markers that's not changing? But I want to hear Jill's idea and then we're going to move on. I think it's really important to stick with the mom. Like that's really powerful and go with label. And if you say like mom's money or something like that, keep it simple. Like they're going to say, oh, that's me. I'm a mom. I'm going to be a mom with money or something like that. Like I'm going to be a mom. Yes. What is mom like? Mommy and me. Because like the natural and the mommy and me is like two. It's like shows that's a brand. And they're like, yeah. All right. As of the second, it's called the nap, if you can change it later. All right. Moving on. So number two. So after we get the training, like sweet, I understand the concepts. What are the byproducts of what you guys have created that will help speed up their success? They don't have to stress out about stuff. Contracts, people in China, anything that's like. So I give them a list of manufacturers that I use. Not my super, super top ones because I'll give those to ones that buy into the program more. So where they can just go by commodity type products. Things that are going to help them be successful faster. So that list of guys, this manufacturer works this way. Here's their email address. This is what you can expect. Saved me. Like if I would have known that, it would have saved me thousands and thousands of dollars. Just having those contacts, knowing how to package stuff. Contact. It's either Laura or Lori. I don't know. Some of their names are. I'm working with a Peter Pan. Is it called a black book when you have like people? Is it black book? Yeah. Roll a deck from black book. Is it black book like for dating though? For what? Dating. Then black book goes. What's that? Don't call it black book? Black book is really anything secret. It is that secret thing. Like this is part of it. I'm calling black book. You can change it later. OK. I'm rolling that. It's out of date. Yeah. It's called the black book. And I carry around a literal black book of all my notes too. Yeah. Perfect. OK. So now coming back to secret number one. So this is why why Shark Tank Edges actually fail. So what do we create? Or what do you have that will show them the trends instead of having to? So another black book. So I guess black book V of all the places where I go and find the trending products. All right. So they can go here in luck. They can go here in luck. So the other thing you could do is potentially, I don't know, creating some software that goes and scrapes those things and brings it back. And it's like, this is my hot market generator and just makes the perceived value up. It's just scraping things and pulling them back and showing to them. So. OK. Let's talk later about that. That's a conversation with the day. Yeah. So let's just call this the trend, my secret trend generator. Can you call that the black book of Langler or something like that? This one or this one? The one before the black book. OK. Trend generator, that's worth at least $9, $9. $9. $7. All right. Back here. OK. So this is the start of the Zero Fan. So in this process, do you show them how to get tons of fans? No, they don't need them. So you never had fans ever? You still did that? Well, at one point, I'm like, I want to see if I can get some fans. I got 2,000 Instagram followers in a week, but I don't ever use them. OK. So how did you actually do that then? that was with the giveaway. But honestly with this, now that I know about ClickFunnels, I'm going to show them how the ClickFunnels process is going to save them so much time to where they can get it to. I guess this would be more here, the two hours. How do they get traffic for this? How do the people? So they work with bloggers. So this is like the secret, you guys. Like how my girls did this, they went to the bloggers and said, hey, I've got this product. I'm going to pay you X amount per order, not per item, per order. Then they had great sales copy and then we tested it. I said, okay, converted, can we tweak a little bit and went back to the drawing board until we nailed our copy. So I show people what copy works, what copy doesn't work, and then give them a list of bloggers that they can pitch their idea to. With a template of this is how you pitch ideas. Because as a blogger, I get probably two to 300 emails a week of just junk. You know. Yeah. It's just like spam, spam, spam. So how do you get in there and how do you meet these people? Good. Good. Thank you. Yeah. I like that. So that's another little black book of bloggers list. I'm not guaranteeing that they can get on this bloggers list. I'm just giving them some that have converted well for me, and they're pretty cool people. Cool. Okay. Down here, two hours. So here you're talking about you can use click funnels funnel or something like that. So like your secret funnel that did blah. Yeah. Because they are afraid I've got to set up a website. I don't know coding. I don't know this. So that's why click funnels is a perfect fit. So my guide, you can set this up. I'll show you how to do it real quick. Cool. I've already built it for you, go or whatever. Now, if they buy during the webinar, what cool thing could we give them that's not included in this right now? So I've got noodles of physical products. I can send them a pillowcase. And I was thinking, you know how you were given that plaque or whatever? I can send them a pillowcase with like a dollar on it and says, your dreams are becoming true. Your becomes dreams are becoming a reality of sleeping and money. I don't know something like that. That's cool. But I can send them swag. Yeah. Yeah. What about you actually getting share files? Yeah, that's the story. Well, that's a share file. Yeah. What about if your daughter likes a letter or like the other? Like if I buy your products, I might want to get a letter from her. Like the 10, 12, 13, 14, 15. Yeah, I like that. I just part of me is afraid to do it as a team. Because if the mom's motivated and the daughter is like nine months, it's not going to really work, right? So that's why I was trying to really target the moms and then let my daughter really target the teenagers. And I don't know if the teenagers parents will invest in a thousand dollar program. Or from a long loan. Mm-hm. So you can send them text. I'll give you a text. I'll give you a text. I'll give you a text. I'll give you a text. I'll give you a text. I'll give you a text. I'll give you a text. I'll give you a text. That's a good idea. What about like an intro to Amazon? Like getting started for steps or getting a product on it. Do you want to help me know that? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know how to do Amazon. I just put stuff up there and it's sold. It was awesome. Okay, so I think I have all the pieces I need. So this is like a cheat sheet of stuff I'm going through. She's like, what's the new opportunity? I think what's the big domino? What's the special offer I can create? What's my origin story? What's the three false beliefs? What epiphany bridge stories I have for those? I think I have all those. I think you gave me all those. So I think I have everything I need. Okay. Any other questions? You guys can think of them? All right, who wants to see me try to pitch this? I'm so excited. Okay, now you can sit down if you want to. Just give her a round of applause, by the way. Okay, so I'm going to just for the moment, I'll top my head and we'll see what we can do. Pull your credit cards out though because if I sell it, pretty sure I can't hopefully. Every good entrepreneur has to be good at doing it. Okay. All right, you guys ready for this? Am I ready for this? Everyone's phones are popping. I'm all nervous now. Just kidding. All right. Wait, wait, sorry. I'm totally going to screw up half the stories, but I'm going to try to get the whole stories, but you can tweak them when you do your real one. Okay. All right. You guys ready? Hey everybody, welcome today to my web class. My name is Allison Prince. I'm so excited to have you guys here today. Now today, what we're going to be covering is something that most people don't even think is possible. And I'm guessing that you probably saw the headline before you got on here. Probably that's not really possible, but you're curious, right? Like you want to find out what in the world this is even about, right? If that's true, this is the title. It's how my 15 year old sold $100,000, $270,000 in just nine short months and how you and your kids can actually do it too. Now how many of you guys would love to have your kids instead of like bugging you and you know, begging you for money or actually producing money? How many of you guys want that for your kids? Okay. Now that's the first thing I'm going to be covering. Now what's interesting about this is the way the whole thing started is that my goal was never for me or for my kids to be like entrepreneurs. I do things entrepreneurially. Like I love having businesses and things, but one day my daughter was sitting there and she wanted, she wasn't cleaning the house. She wasn't even a homework. It's kind of frustrating to me. I said, look, you've got two options. Actually three. One is you're going to move out and you're going to be gone out of my life. Number two. All right. Number two is you've got to do your homework and clean up your room. Number three, you've got to start a business. You can pick whichever one you want. Now my daughter is very smart apparently because she didn't move out and she didn't do her homework. She decided she decided to actually go and start a business. But the problem is she didn't really know how to start a business. And so I kind of knew things about, you know, I've run a business so I totally gave her some guidelines and stuff, but I wanted her to do it. I wanted her to do her success or to fail on her own. And so I kind of gave her some basic guidelines and it kind of helped her in a point in the right direction and I let her run. And what was funny about it is for her to be able to start this business, she did have to borrow some money. So she borrowed some money from me and my husband and we actually lent it to her, but with interest because I'm not going to, we don't give away free money. That's not something we do, right? So we gave her some money and she went out there and she went through this process. Now my daughter is pretty amazing, but she's just like any other 15 year old girl. She's not a 4.0 student. In fact, she got a 2.3 last semester, which is kind of setting my husband and me, but we still love her. So she's not like a genius, but she went out there and did this process and she went through the whole thing. And it was crazy is that when she did the very first thing she went and she took the product, and I'll show you guys the product here in a second what she did, but she took the product and she started selling it. And her very first week after we launched it, she made $5,000. Can you just imagine what you'd like to make $5,000, especially as a 15 year old girl? Like it was insane. And so I had this really cool teaching moment. I actually took my daughter and I took her inside and I had a pad of paper and I mapped this side and said, you made $5,000. Now when you babysit, how much do you typically make as a babysitter? Which is well, depending on if the people are cheap or if they're rich, whatever it is, but on average maybe $10 an hour. I said, okay, for you to make that same $5,000 babysitting, how many hours did I take in you? We did the math and it was 500 hours. Do you mean diapers she had to change? How many late nights she had been up? How much, all these other things like it would have been hard, but she did that the very first month after she got her product launch because she had this little business. Now that inspired her so much she started getting more and more excited. She actually went on this little pitch tank show and she had a chance to pitch her product and from that she made $1,500. So again, I used that as a teaching moment for my daughter. We brought it down, we sat down, I showed her and she realized to make that same amount of money she would have had to babysit 150 kids over the period of time to make the same amount of money. She made from doing one pitch. And the next question for me was like, mom, where else can I pitch this stuff? And that's the kind of thing that's really cool. And since then she's gone on and over the last few months she keeps doing this process and the coolest thing is in nine months, she's made over $100,000. Is that cool? Not about you, but most of my friends aren't making $100,000. Most parents aren't making $100,000. My daughter did it as a nine-year-old or 15-year-old, which is crazy. And the funniest thing is all her friends are so confused about why in the world she's able to do all these things. In fact, she's about 116 and she said, I do not want to get a license. I'm just going to use Uber. My 15-year-old daughter is going to get Uber and just have them take it around because she can do that. Can you imagine? That's the society we live in today because of this. So that's what we're going to be talking about today. And I'm going to show you guys, first off, the process how my daughter did it. But second off, more importantly, is how you can do it. And the third thing is how many of you guys have kids? If you have a kid and you want to spend more quality time with them, you can do this with them just like I did. In fact, you might be able to let them pay for all your stuff and you can take a break. How many of you guys want to break? All right, cool. So that's what I'm going to talk about. So I'm going to cover you covering three secrets today that are the keys to you guys understanding. The secret number one, I'm going to show you guys why actually having a shark tank idea will probably make you fail. A lot of people think that I have to have the big idea. If you have the big idea, nine times out of ten, you're going to fail. I'm going to show you why. Secret number two, I'm going to show you guys the little note trick. They made over $1.1 million in pillowcases. How many of you guys have a pillowcase? We made $1.1 million in just 18 months and I actually did it with zero fans. Some people say, well, of course you can do it. You've got some fans and people will follow you. So I wanted to prove it can work. So I picked the most boring, plain, vanilla product possible, known to man pillowcases. I started with zero fans, zero followers. This is a case study. We did $1.1 million. How many of you guys want to see that? All right, cool. I'm going to show you guys that. And then the third thing, because I know for most of you guys, I don't know about you, but I'm a busy mom. There's a lot that goes into my life. I've got to get kids to the store. I've got to go grocery shopping. I clean the house. I take care of my husband. I've got to get my own business. All these things are happening. So I don't have a lot of free time. How many of you guys have a ton of free time you can just blow on on side businesses? Yeah, none of us do, right? Neither do I. And so I'm actually showing you how we can do this exact same thing. In fact, I do my business as a public case business. I do it during two hours a day that my other kids are sleeping. So if you guys have two, I mean, you have at least two hours, I don't know how you do it, two hours a week. So she's like every third nap, I have a chance to go get in the business. How many of you guys, during your kid's nap time, could do this? You have two hours? If you don't have, your kids don't nap right now, that's okay. Maybe you put in bed at eight o'clock and from eight till nine, you do that. You got three days a week. That's just two hours, three hours. Okay? All right, so that's what we're talking about. So let's move on. How do I have a shark tank idea? What actually caused you to fail? Now the biggest question people ask me is like, this is cool, Allison, but like the problem is I'm not creative. I'm not like a big idea person. Like I don't know what my big shark tank idea is. Now I want to show you guys a couple of funny things. These are some shark tank ideas that completely flopped. Now I'd find the most random, funny like shark tank idea that's stupid. I show video and be like, okay, that's what happens if you have a shark tank idea. Those people spent $300,000 out of their pocket buying all sorts of crap and going to China and sourcing and creating this product. It turns out nobody wants. Okay? You hear what Mr. Wonderful said? He said, you're burning money. Okay? That's what most people are doing. So for me, I'm not that creative either. In fact, I don't even want to be creative. What I found is instead of being creative, what I'm looking for, I'm looking, what are the trends? What are people already buying? For example, like I talked about earlier, pillowcases. Everyone has a pillow, right? Like it's a big trend. Everyone's getting pillowcases. So I just found the trend, bought the pillowcases, $1.1 million later. We had a pretty cool little side business I was doing while my kids were napping. Okay? You do not have to have a shark tank business. No matter how much you think. In fact, as you start watching shark tank, notice how many people waste their entire life savings. Okay? I don't have life savings to blow on this and either to you. So we're going to show you how to just pick the things that are actually hot. That way there's no chance of failure. Okay? If you're selling what people are buying, that's the secret to success. Okay? Rule number one, sell what people are buying. All right. Secret number two. So a lot of people tell me that like, well, that's cool, but I don't have any followers or fans. I don't know how to get people on my website and I totally understand that because I didn't either. I'm not new today, but because a lot of people thought, well, you're successful because of that. So I wanted to prove that this was actually possible. So what I did is I picked a whole new market, a whole new product, something that I had no fans, no followers, and it was pillowcases. And this is what I did. We went to, I found out that pillowcases were a hot trend, especially a certain type of pillowcases. And after I found out they were a trend, then I did some reverse engineering. I found out this cool thing over here where people were actually looking for them. I met some bloggers who have blogs who actually get paid to talk about cool products. I found out these pillowcases were really cool. And so what I did is I sent five of these pillowcases to this blog over here. You guys may have heard of her blog. It's ourbestbytes.com right? You went there and she actually got the pillowcase and she loved it. And so what she did is she posted a blog post on her blog showing the pillowcase. And from that, we had 5,000 people who clicked on the link to buy the pillowcase. And from that, 200 people actually bought the pillowcase. Now, I spent $1.13 to buy the pillowcase in China. It cost me 50 cents to get it shipped here to America. I paid the blogger $2 for every pillowcase that they sold. That means I made $12 for every single pillowcase that sold. We sold 200 of them. That was from one blogger. How many blogs are there around the world? There's a lot. Like not 10,000s and thousands of blogs. And that was from one person. So then I went to the next blogger and I did the same thing and I guess what happened. She sold 312 pillowcases. That's a good idea. She made $500. I'm going to hear her here. And within 18 months, we had $1.1 million selling pillowcases for crying out loud. So if I can do this with pillowcases, which is the worst product I've ever... And honestly, it's not even trending that well. I promise you, if I show you guys the ones that are trending, this is one of our businesses. We've got other ones as well that are even cooler from things that are trending that are doing really, really good. Okay? All right. So secret number three now. So that's it for me and for all of us. We're busy. I get it. You're busy. I'm busy. And so for most of you guys, you may want that lifestyle. You want to go and to have a business, have all these kind of things, but you don't want to sacrifice your family time and the time with your kids. I don't want to give that up. As much as money is nice, it's not worth it to me to give up my family. And so for me, I was like, how do we make this work? And so in fact, I had one of my friends and this is one of my favorite stories. She actually was the roof on her house was falling apart and her husband was working super hard. She was working and trying to be a mom and worry all these kinds of things. They couldn't get enough money to repair their roof. You imagine that? Like they had water dripping when it was raining. Like it was cold and all these things and they can't even provide like basic shelter for their family. So she came to me and was like, what should I do? What can I do? I don't even have time to do anything. I said, well, there's a process I can take you through. And then at first it's going to be a little bit of a set of time. Like it takes a little while. Like with my public case business, the first two months, I just spend more time getting it set up. But after it's set up, it's like literally one to two hours a week. So I helped her and we spent some time and she took a weekend, two or three weekends off and we focused on getting this stuff built out and it was done. Then she was able to launch her business and she's the same process I just showed you. I took it to this blogger here, this person over here and within three months, she was able to buy a new roof for her family. Is that awesome? Here's a picture of the roof. Here's their family smiling. It's so cool. I want to know something else about this family picture here. So they have been wanting to have kids for a long time, but they haven't been able to. And as you probably know, adoption is not cheap. In fact, for them it's about $40,000 to adopt a kid. Now most people don't have $40,000 just laying around and they didn't either. In fact, they didn't have money to cover their roof until here. But they took this little business that saved them from the elements, that got them shelter and now they're saving money to be able to pay for the adoption. So this little business not only protected their family, it's growing their family as well. So this is what we're talking about here, you guys. This isn't just some way to get rich or anything like that. This is changing people's lives and it can change your life as well. Cool? Now, I have a question for you guys. I'm sure that most of you guys, you came on this web class probably not even knowing that you wanted to make business. Probably more curious like what I was even talking about, right? I want to ask you this. If you were to do what we talked about and not find a shark tank idea, but find something that's trending, right? And then from that, follow the same process I did where you take that and offer and let bloggers promote it and they start making sales and you're able to keep that money. And then you're able to do it after the initial step, you're able to do that just in the free time your kids are napping around the weekends. Do you guys think that you could have a successful business? Now, you might not make a million dollars like I did with Pellucase. That's a pretty cool story. But what if you made like my daughter and just made a hundred grand? Would a hundred grand change your life right now? Yeah. Now, what if you didn't even do as well as my daughter? What if you kind of screwed up and you only made, I don't know, an extra 10 grand? Like what would you do with an extra $10,000 right now? Would that pay off one of your student loans, some credit card bills? Like how would that change your life having an extra $10,000? It's pretty cool, huh? Well, I want to ask you guys a question. I know I've been going really, really fast on this Facebook Live. We've only, you know, I've been going for about 20, 25 minutes. I'm sure most of you guys are excited, but you're kind of like wondering what's the first step, right? Like I don't really know. I know this is exciting. I want to do it. I want to see the trends. How do I find them? And I wish I could show all that stuff to you guys right now, but my phone battery's about to die and I'm going to have to get off. But I'm curious, are you guys okay if I spend maybe five or 10 minutes really quick? Because I've got a really special package for moms like me who have family and kids who want to implement this. We have a really cool program put together that will help take them through this whole process so you can have one of these businesses as well. How do you want to decide business like that? That'd be awesome. Okay. Are you guys okay if I spend five minutes really quick kind of showing you what that is? Yeah, yeah, yeah. All right, cool. So when you invest in this program, we call it the Napperpreneur system because literally as a mom, you can do this while your kids are napping. You know, initially you're going to spend the first month or two, it's going to be more set up time. Like usually I take a weekend and like each weekend for a couple of weeks until you get the initial thing set up. But after it's done and it's working, you can step away from it and it runs. So we call it the Napperpreneur system because you're going to run it while you're napping. And in this, we're going to go through over the next six weeks, everything you need to figure out what's the trend and where's the product? How do you get this from China? How do you get it on a website? How do you get people to actually show up and show you step by step by step? So that way you have perfect certainty knowing that this is going to be a success for you. Okay? So that's the first thing. Now in the past, like when I went to college, I spent $38,000 on my college education and at the end of the thing, I got a degree but no actual money. So for me, the value of this is worth a lot more than $9,000 I put right here. I think it's worth a lot more than that. I think conservatively, because this process that I'm going through has made me a thousand times more than my college education in. It made my friend a whole much more than hers. So I'm going to say conservatively, this is about $10,000. But if you put this in next to like college education, like this is way better, right? All right. And the second thing is after you have the system you've gone through this, the next thing that a lot of times you get stuck with is like, well, who, okay, I have an idea. I found the trend like who do I talk to? China's far away, right? I've never been to China. When I first started my business, I spent like months and months and months on Alibaba and all these sites trying to find distributors and people that could make products. And at first I thought, this is so cool. I found a product and then I emailed the people in China. We go back and forth. They sent me this stuff. And the first time it was cool, I got this stuff and it looked really cool. So I started selling it and then they shipped me the big shipment. I wrote them a big check for like a thousand years. They shipped it to me and it got to America and guess what? I opened the box and the thing inside was not the thing they sent me the sample of. It was crap. It was a big, huge box of crap that I had now sell. We ended up just throwing it away because there's so many people in China you can't trust everybody. In fact, you can't trust very many people at all. But the cool thing for you and for me is I went through this and I probably worked with 300 or 400 different factories. And then from that I found like the seven factories that are the ones that I trust, the only ones I trust. In fact, I call it my black book. It's got all their names, their contact, their email, their phone number, and the actual names of people I work with. So those of you who are interested in the system, what I'm going to do is I'm going to actually give you my black box. This will save you 16 months on Alibaba trying to go through all this crap and actually giving you the seven people that can make your dreams become reality. Okay? And the value of that is at least $2,000, probably more if you take how long it took me to find these people, but they are the best in the business and I will introduce them to you and you will be able to create your products through them. Cool? All right. So what that means is what do you guys invest? Say you're going to get the NAPRpreneur system plus you can get all my contacts over in China so you can get all your stuff created super, super fast. Now, the third thing we're going to give you, I told you before, you don't want to have, you don't have to have a shark tank idea. In fact, that's going to be hard for you, but you have to find the trends. And so there's three websites I go to that show me the trends and there's a little mathematical formula I figured out today, which trends are hot, which ones are worth doing. And so what I'm going to do is I'm going to give you a really cool train that shows you how to find these trends. I'm going to give you the three websites. These are my three favorite websites. They made me millions of dollars because it showed me all the trends and I'm going to show you exactly how to find them. As soon as you find them, then see if it's actually a profitable market. If it is, boom, email one of these guys right here in China and within like three months that product will be sitting in your house. Okay. So that's the secret generator. Now the value of that is at least $97 because it's literally like looking at a crystal ball, like looking at that and saying, okay, where is the money at? And then they'll show you and you're like, cool. And then you just do it. Like it's the coolest thing in the world. Okay. So what that means is when you get started, you're going to get the mom, not NAPR, the new system, you had the black box, B bling, and you also get the secret generator. So well, she has to be successful. I want to make sure you guys have everything you have you need. Oh, the next piece is like the selling part, right? Now there's a whole bunch of bloggers, but the worst thing you could do is go to a blogger and then be like, Hey, I got this product. You should sell it. And like they're going to like look at you weird and you're going to do it wrong. And then the most embarrassing thing that happens, they'll tell you, no, what usually happens is mostly bloggers are friends. If you do a bad job of it, they're going to email all their other friends, be like, this person's weird. And then they're not going to ever, like you're done. Like you have a big house full of products that nobody's going to sell. So you have to be very careful. You have to do it the right way. Like one person will sell it and then they'll tell the friends and everyone's will start fighting to sell it as well. Like that's how we do it with the public cases. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to give you the actual pitch temp that we use when we go to bloggers. If you do it wrong, you'll screw up. You do it right. They'll tell you their friends and the single, just like grow like wildfire. So I'm going to give you the pitch temp that we use. And I'm also going to give you a list of my favorite bloggers, the ones that I've had, that I've worked with in the past that have sold my products for me. In fact, these are the exact same people that helped me sell $1.1 million in Pella cases. I'm going to give you their names, their actual blogs, their phone numbers, the email address, everything you need. So when your product's ready, you can use this pitch template to tell them about it. And if you just get one person to say yes, you're my daughter, she had one person say yes to $5,000. Can you imagine that? One yes is $5,000. That's all it takes. What if you get two yeses? What if you got three? Okay. And inside of my blog, my, uh, my bloggers have got 130 people. So the 130, if you get one or two or three, like you've made a lot of money. Okay. All right. Uh, and then the last thing I'm going to give you is a lot of people like, or like, I don't know how to build a website on my technical, all those kinds of things. And the cool thing about this is the, I don't actually have a website either. You don't need a website. There's this new fancy pants thing out there called a funnel and you don't even know what that is, but these funnels are the secret. Like you don't have to have a website anymore. You have a funnel and I know that's technical. I don't want to bore you with that. But the cool thing is that I have actually created six funnels that sell all my products through and there's a really cool system you can use. And I can actually push these funnels into your, into your account. Then all you have to do is go replace my product image with yours. And that's it. So if you can copy and if you can paste, then you have everything you need to have a website. That's all it takes legitimately. Copy and paste. Have you guys copied and paste? That's all you have to do. So I will give you these funnels and again, we'll have a train to explain this more. You don't even know about now, but all these, I'm going to push these funnels into your account. You will copy and you'll paste and that way they'll be done. And that's, that's it. Cool. So what we're going to do, so we're quick. What we're going to get when you invest, you're going to get the mom to per newer system, you're going to get the black box, you're going to get the traffic generator, you're going to get the pitch template, my secret formula. Total value of this is $14,997. Now I'm not going to charge you as $14,997. Even though if you look at this, like that's about a third of what I paid for my college education. Some colleges, that's what you pay per semester. And the end of it, you get a piece of paper. It doesn't really do anything. I'm talking about creating a system that you and your family can use in a little two hours a week to have an entire business that's paying you. And again, all you have to do is get just one yes to make money. My daughter got one yes. So if I did charge the $15,000 and if all this did was give you three yeses, it paid for itself instantly. So totally worth it, right? Now, if all that this system did was give you a chance to connect with your daughter or your son and help teach them how to be more entrepreneurial and get them from stop watching video games, start actually producing and creating things and set up their future, we were $15,000. I spent a lot more than that on my kids future, wouldn't you? Now, if all that this did was give you the ability where you could help your family financial situation where you can make a little extra money on the side. You can help prepare your roof. You can help adopt a kid. Whatever is this important to you? Would it be worth it? Yeah, totally. Cool. So what we're going to do is I've got kind of two ways we could price this. Obviously, I could have just made this free for everyone. That's cool. But I found like, I get things away for free. Don't really value them. And I don't want to charge a bunch of money, but I do want to charge what it's worth. And so I'd kind of two options. One was just to give away free and just hope people use it. Or number two is like have kind of accountability system where you pay some money because it really like make sure you're actually doing it and spend time and effort to make sure it actually works. So because that we are going to charge a little bit, it's not, it's not a lot. In fact, I'm not going to charge you the $14,000 of this right here. In fact, I'm going to give you a more than a 90% discount. How many of you want a 90% discount? Cool. This 90% discount is only available right now. If you guys want to do this in the future, it'll probably be closest, but I'm going to do a 90% discount. So I'm going to cross this out. Instead of paying $14,997, you guys can get started today for just one payment of $997. Now for some of you guys that may say make a lot and I totally understand that. So if that's a lot of money for you, I've also got a cool thing. We got a payment plan set up. And what that means is the payment plan is that you can actually do this over three months. Let's say it's $297 a month each month. Okay. And the way this works is you pay the first $297, you get in here, we're going to build this thing out. We're going to find your trend, create your product, get it all shipped here. Everything's going to be working. And you're going to have, you're going to have 30 days before the second payment. And most people within the first 30 days, they've got most of this stuff set up. Um, some people actually have their business done at that point and they have their first deal and then basically the first still happens and it's paid for and everything you have to have is just free. Some people might take them 60 days, maybe you got two payments and some people take the full 90 days, but usually within 90 days, your business is paid for. And it'll actually completely pay for this cost, which is the coolest thing. So your business actually covers it for you. The business we're building. Isn't that cool? Okay. So that's going to be cool. So what is this one payment of $997 or three payments of $297. Um, and I got one other thing cause I want to make sure that you guys, cause I know you're excited right now. You felt the excitement, right? And I, I know for me, like sometimes I get excited about something. I'm like, I'm going to do that. And then then, you know, I go to bed next morning. I kind of forget about within three or four days. Like I completely forgot about it. I don't want you guys to do that. Okay. I want you guys to change your life. You're feeling it right now. I'm feeling it right now. I want to make sure this happens. So I'm going to do one more thing for any of you guys who get started before midnight tonight. Um, I'm going to send you a gift in the mail. I'm not going to tell you what's in this, in this gift, but it's a box. Inside the box. There's a couple of really cool things that I'm going to send you. And, um, it's a secret though. It's not something I'm going to talk about right now, but it's something that's going to help you to, uh, to have more success in this business. It's something that means a lot to me and it's going to mean a lot to you as well. So any of you guys who signed before midnight tonight, I'm going to ship you in the mail a box with the secret gift in it. Um, and I think you guys are really going to love it. That's not cool. All right. So one of the last recap, what you guys get today. You get started, you get the NAPR, the producer system, you get the black box bling, you get the secret grand generator, pitch temple at the bloggers blacklist. You get my secret funnel and those who get started tonight, you're going to also get the box in the mail. My secret box was priceless. You told the value of 14,907 dollars. You can start today for just one payment of $997. Literally guys, as soon as your very first deal is done, my daughter made five grand from her first dose. She's five extra money. Okay. Let's talk about a return on investment. I put a, I put a, a dollar down. I get $5 back. I would do it all day long. That's business. Right. So if my daughter was able to do it with one, we think you can do. And what if you get two yeses or three or four? Okay. This is not a cost you guys. This is an investment. You invest a thousand dollars and you get back a machine, a business that could pay you that much a week, that much a day. I don't know how my sense feels right now, but it's happening all around. It happened for my daughter. She's 15 years old. She's not even on her student. She barely graduating. She doesn't even have a driver's license yet. It worked for her. It worked for me. I can't even believe he's made a million selling pillowcases for crying out loud. I don't know how that works, but it did. Can I show you guys how it worked? It worked for my friend. She got a roof on her house. She's adopting a kid. Now you have dreams as well. I know what those are. Everyone's is different, but whatever your dream is, like it can be possible for you as well. But what you gotta do right now is you have to go to the link down below in the comments. It's going to say the Napapreneur system slash go when you go there, you go to an order form. It's cost 997. And this business is going to fully transform your life. I'm excited. I hope you're excited. If you're excited, let me down in the comments down below. And that's it. Sign it down below and I'll see you guys inside the members area. Thanks everybody. All right. Who's next? Just kidding. That's one. How long was that actual pitch? I don't even know. 24 minutes. Cool. Dave's in. All right. Any questions about that real quick before we kind of take a break? I just want to. You're so. I think sometimes we go and we spend six months trying to build a webinar where it's like, if you know the stories, I don't even know the stories. I heard her say it once. You guys know your stories. Do you practice them a couple of times? You should be able to pull them out and just tell the stories. But legitimately, that's how this process. I the coolest thing is that we can go and create webinars with sliding. We should because it's going to help you understand your stories and the process so much better, but you get better and better at it. You guys should be able to do this. You should be able to walk in the morning, like I want to sell something and then put it together and then boom, go out and go out and do it. Any other questions about this at all or comments or concerns? So she should transcribe that video and that's your script. Don't read the script though. Become you because it's your personality. I don't mind. But yeah. All right. Yeah. Oh, that's a yeah. That's actually cool. I, if I was going through here, I would say something like that. Like this system at six weeks and the cool thing is you can go through this for yourself, but if you want, if you have kids, you have a husband that wants to do this, they bring them on as well. A lot of people listen to like their favorite family times. They sit down to do the lessons together. A lot of times it's the, the, the dad's creating business, the mom's creating business and the kids are creating it. And it's like this really cool family bonding activity. It's not just like a boring college system that you're not like, want to kill yourself, you're going to have like awesome bonding time. At the end of it, what if you get three or four business out of here? Like that's kind of like, yeah, something like that. Oh heck yeah. Have your daughter come in and have a scarf. They get, hey, bleep, bleep. I'm calling Uber or whatever you know. Yeah. He was funny. He was in the, in my first video, I did that the first face. So it was during Christmas time last year. And, uh, do you remember that? So embarrassing. Two years ago. And, uh, Melanie had this idea for all of our employees and Mike, instead of sending me a Christmas bonus, they get backpacks and it's full and full of cash. And so they're like, okay, cool. We'll get $500 in cash and put it in. I'm like, no, we get $501 bills, roll them up in his backpack. I want everyone to open it up on Christmas and like cash popping out, which was a really cool idea. So if the Melanie spent the next like three or four weeks rolling money in back. Anyway, but everyone, it was like the coolest Christmas, like Christmas bonus ever. Like everyone's like opening and all their kids are like, dad, you're rich. And everyone in our team's like pictures. I'm throwing money around. So we had stacks of, I don't know, probably $50,000 and ones in our office. And so I do that video. I grabbed a bunch of stacks. It's so embarrassing. Like people, but like that's the weird, it'd be weird to make it like these senior entertaining. So I grabbed stacks of cash on my fleet, like flying money the whole time and doing like dorky things. And anyway, it was fun. It was actually really fun to do that. It's worth buying like getting like $200 or $300 and ones with your kids and just doing that and like, they're just falling on them and they love it. So. All right, cool. So let's do this. What we're going to do, um, I want you guys to build this out. So I want you guys to get a piece of paper, right down your one thing, your three secrets and your stack. And then I want you guys to practice. So you don't do Facebook live on this unless you want to, but practice, go in the corner with someone and team up like two or three people and take turns. You kind of critique each other and I think record yourself. So get three people that say, find a foot corner, hold up your stuff, click, record and then do it and then take turns to kind of do that. And you don't have to do it as long as I did, but just to like get yourself doing the process once all the way through, maybe about 15, 20 minutes version and then take turns and help each other out and kind of do and critique each other. Um, just so you guys can all practice. Cause the more, again, the more times you do this, the easier it becomes and the better it becomes. So I want to make sure that between now and lunch is each have a chance to do it once with the thing we created last night, like the micro version. And if I just did it on a product I've never even heard of with stories and every heard of you guys can do it with your own stuff. Right? Okay. So that's the game plan. So let's turn this music up. It's the next 90 minutes. Everyone, everyone do it.