Like I said before, I think it's the next slide actually, the way we do that is kind of through this process. Back in the day, a lot of times traffic was a lot easier. So I would set up a squeeze page, I would drive traffic, and I would pay whatever I would pay, not that much. And then over here, I would sell something over here. And it was really easy to do it because there weren't a lot of people doing it and it was a lot cheaper, so I could make that work really, really, really easy. But then what happened is like all these people like you guys wanted to play in this game too and other people and everyone made it hard and everyone made ad prices go up because everyone was playing, right? So everyone starts doing the stuff, so all of a sudden it got more expensive to drive ads. Now my goal in every single funnel we do, which is, again, what we're doing all day tomorrow, is I want to create a funnel where I put a dollar in ads in and immediately I make a dollar back out. And why do I do that? Because those people just got converted from traffic I controlled, went through this process, I broke even, now, but my goal is to pay money right here, break even right here, now they're on my list, now I can sell my other stuff, right? So this is the filter. Because I can't just drive through a squeeze page now and break even. I drive through a squeeze page, go through my initial funnel, and make money. So when I first did it, we would just have one simple product that we would sell it and it would work. Put a dollar in, we get a dollar, dollar, fifty, two dollars back out, the back. Okay, and we get a customer. That was what we were doing. But then it got a little harder because everyone was buying ads and got more expensive and so what we did is we started figuring out different ways to make this work better. So what I would do is someone would buy this product and then I would go and I'd add an upsell. Before I add the upsell I put a dollar in and I make like fifty cents back out. I'm like, ah, this is a losing campaign, I'm not going to make any money. I add an upsell in there and all of a sudden I make more money and now I get the point where I put in a dollar in and I get a dollar back out and it works again, right? And so this is kind of this funnel game is you build a funnel, you drive some traffic and your goal is to put a dollar in, you get a dollar back out. Okay, if it's less than that then I got to change something. I got to add an upsell or tweak this or change this to a point where you put a dollar in, you get a dollar back out and now I got a funnel I can do to start growing my list as rapidly and as quick as I can. Okay, and our business that's all we're doing is building this funnel until it breaks even, drive leads in, now we've got these leads we can sell anything we want to in the future. And so tomorrow that's what the whole focus tomorrow is this funnel. I'm going to show you guys a ton of different iterations of how to build these funnels and what the best way and just a ton of ideas because this is where the game wins. As soon as you learn to build a funnel you can lease, break even on, game over. That's when you win this game. That's when your list starts growing as fast as you want. You can have a thousand people day to your list. It's growing, growing, growing and you can print money for the rest of your life. You guys like that? You guys want to be there? Okay, it's a good place to be. So our goal is to lease, break even. Obviously I want to make a profit on that front end. If I make a profit, typically the first time I put it out there, if we send something out and it breaks even because as you know what we like to do is all this weird split testing stuff we talked about here. If my initial test breaks even, we're like having a party. Like oh my gosh, we haven't even tested anything that's breaking even. Make a couple tweaks and also we double our money. And now we're making profit on the front end, then it's just like a party every single day. So that's what we want to be at. But even if you just break even, okay, even if you just break even that's a million dollar your business. And any market you want, almost not every market. In most of the good markets it's game over. Okay, because as soon as you break even you're building that list and you can just, I mean if I was to give you, or you give me a dollar, I give you two dollars back how often you do that? Much as you can, right? That's something that the other day asked me, what's your advertising budget? Like it's a bajillion dollars a day as long as it's profitable. Like what do you want me to say? Like if you can turn a million dollars into five million dollars a day, I'll do it. I'll give you a trillion dollars a day, like if you can turn it back out, right? So that's what you have to understand. As soon as you get this thing to work, then it doesn't, there's no such thing as an advertising budget because you're breaking even. You put a dollar in on Monday, the ad goes out, Tuesday the merchant account gets some money, Wednesday it's in your bank account and you start it over. Okay, so your ad budget disappears because you just crank it up. Okay, look at our supplement nurse cell. We spent almost a year trying to get the funnel to work right. We had some variations and finally in January this year it worked. In January we spent 20,000, or we made $20,000 in nurse cell. We're like, ah, that's awesome. Last month, which was March, so two months later we made $300,000 in nurse cell. Guess why? Crank it up, converts man, just crank it up. How much media can we buy? Just keep buying it, keep buying it, keep buying it because it works. Like just keep doing it. Next month, you know, we're half a million. How much media can I buy successfully? I'm gonna keep buying it, buying it, buying it because it's all, it's free. There's no budget. Okay, that's how you win this game. That's how you win this game big at a big level. Okay, you guys see what I went through, value ladder, all these other pieces because it's so key to understanding this part of it. When we understand this, the whole game becomes super, super easy.