Hey, my name is Russell Brunson. I want to welcome you to the Seven Figure Shortcut. Now, first, I want to congratulate you for taking action and investing in yourself. Of all the products I've created, this is one of the ones I'm most proud of. And the reason why is because I really think it's something that can get you from wherever you are in your business right now and quickly get you to the spot you're making over seven figures a year. I want to tell you really quickly my story. When I first got started online, I started doing all sorts of different things. I started making eBooks. I made software products. I made membership sites. And all these things were working and making me pretty good money, especially as a college. But I was never in the seven figure a year range. And I remember one time I launched a membership site, and people were paying me $30 a month for this membership site. And at that time, I was trying to figure out, how can I make more money? And how can I provide more value to these people? And so what I did is I took these members. I think at the time, I only had about 300 or 400 members. And I sent out an email to them saying, hey, how about this? I've got a high ticket coaching program I'm going to put together teaching you guys how to use this membership site. And I'm wondering if any of you guys are interested. And it was kind of interesting. I had a whole bunch of people writing back saying, yes, yes, we bought this thing, but we have no idea what to do with it. We love a coaching program. So I said, OK, I've never done a coaching program before. What should I do? And so I actually went out and I put a PayPal button out. There was just a PayPal button. It was $500. And I sent an email out to those members. And I said, look, I'm going to do a coaching program. It's going to be $500. If you're interested, let me know. And I sent that out. And I came back the next morning. I think in the morning, I made $15,000. And by the time that little promotion ended, I made over $30,000. I had sold a lot of stuff online. But I had never made $30,000 in a week. It was this big, huge, life-changing experience for me. The first time I had sold a back-end product. And then a few months later, I was kind of thinking, how can I do something similar to this? And I looked at it at the time I had an affiliate program. And I think I had about 10,000 or 15,000 affiliates at the time. And most of them weren't making me any money. So I said, how about I do a training program, just like I did for this membership site? What if I do a training program for my affiliates, teaching them how to sell my products? So I put it out there. And this time, I decided to charge $1,000. I was really nervous. I put it out for $1,000. I promoted it out there. And within seven days, I had 79 people send me $1,000. That's almost $80,000 I got in a week. At this point, I was hooked on selling high-ticket things. Now, fast forward about a year later, I was building my company. And I heard an interview of a guy talking about how he was selling $5,000 packages through the phone. And I thought, well, that's kind of interesting. And so we decided to test it out and see what happened. We sat down in an office and tried to figure out what would be the most amazing thing we could sell someone for $5,000. What would be the most value we could give our customers? We created a little program, sent an email for it. And within a week, we had sold 10 people in at $5,000. And so it's $50,000. And I was so excited. I couldn't believe people pay $5,000 for a coaching program. So we did that. And after that, we started really growing and scaling our business. We ended up hiring a bunch of salespeople. At my peak, I had over 60 salespeople. They were doing about a quarter million dollars in sales a week. And we ran that for about two or three years just making tons of money. And then I got tired of the whole call center and having salespeople. And we ended up letting go of our entire call center. But I missed that whole selling of high ticket products. And I tried a lot of different ways to do it. I tried webinars. I tried tele-seminars. And while those things worked, we made good money with it. But it wasn't until we launched our very first automated webinar that I was able to get that same kind of consistency in selling high ticket products that I did with the call center. And so we created this automated webinar. And in the very first 90 days of our automated webinar, we netted over a million dollars, which was really exciting. And then the second automated webinar, we launched it for a continuity program. And in the first 45 days, we added over 7,500 members into our continuity program, paying $97 a month. And that was really when I got really excited about automated webinars and things like that. So I want to tell you really quickly about what this product is about. Because actually, there's a couple of different pieces of this product. Now, the very first thing you're going to see down below, there's actually a workbook. And this is the workbook right here, the PDFs down below. And this workbook is actually the workbook that I gave our students at a workshop we did called the Seven Figure Shortcut, How to Make a Million Dollars with an Automated Webinar in Just 90 Days. Now, what's cool is that we actually did this workshop right after we had broken the million dollar mark with our automated webinar. So we just launched it. It was about four months after that that we did this workshop. And so everything is brand new. It's exciting. And we had probably 50 or 60 people in the room in this workshop. And you actually get the videos that entire workshop. Now, what's cool is I want you to take this book, print it out, have it next to you while you go through the videos. Now, each video I'm going to be going through a section in here. And I'm going to show you everything. I'm going to show you how to script out your webinar. I'm going to show you a bunch of different secrets and tricks. In fact, in here, I show you one little secret I did. They increased my conversion by 75%. I actually show you the words I use. This manual is like a labor of love. I spend a ton of time and energy putting it together. So I put that in here. I put together the stat clothes. If you see on page number 10 here, this is the stat clothes I learned from Arm and Mourn. This stat clothes is maybe tens of millions of dollars. And when you guys learn this, you can apply it to your webinar. You can get the same kind of results. I go through how I script out the webinar sales process. I show you guys the entire thing from the very beginning to the very end. And then we go into hardcore traffic generation strategies. I show you how to use solo ads. I show you the exact same solo ad vendors that we use. You get over 30,000 people a month to watch our webinars. Then I go on to more detail. I show you how to do SEO and media buying, and a whole bunch of amazing stuff. And everything in this video goes along with this book. So again, what you need to do is print out this book. And then if you look above me here on this video, there's a slider bar. And click on each little tab. There's going to be a video you can watch. So go through every single video. Now, the first workshop that you're going to see here is two days long. And I think there's 10 or 11 tabs up above that cover that workshop. And then there's going to be a tab that says seven figure shortcut part two. There's going to be another video of me kind of introducing that. But then there's going to be another workshop we did. Now, this is a workshop we did right when automated webinars first came out. And I did this workshop in a partnership with two of my friends, Dave Van Hoos and Dustin Matthews. So Dave and Dustin, they were in a company called Speaking Empire. And what they do is they actually script webinars and sales presentations for speakers. They take someone who's got an OK webinar. That person pays $10,000 to fly to their office, rewrites their entire webinar, and then they go and they basically record the webinar. And boom, they start making a ton of money. Now, I actually went through that $10,000 day with them. In the members there, you have the recordings of the $10,000 day with me. So you actually can see, like, listening on my power day, hear what I heard, hear them scripting on my webinar, hear when Dave pitched my presentation, hear when I pitched my presentation. Kind of a really cool bonus. But that was the $10,000 day. You guys get the audio recordings of my entire time there with Speaking Empire. And then you also get the entire workshop I did with those guys. And what's amazing is you get presentations for me showing the automated webinar sales process. You get presentations for me showing you our call center. I give you the sales scripts. I give you the training from our sales people. We give you everything that, when I had 60 sales people working, I gave you all the training I gave them to sell my high end product. So if you're interested in starting a call center or just calling your customers by yourself, I give you all that training. Very powerful. Now the next thing that you get is Dave and Dustin actually go up there. And they show you their entire webinar process. They show you how they script out their webinars. They show you what they take someone through during a $10,000 day. So you guys get access to that training as well. And then on top of that, we brought in some of the top traffic experts in the world. We brought in Luke Jayden, who's the best person in the world doing postcards. And he showed you how to do postcards for your automated webinars. I brought in Rachel Jackson, one of the best social media people in the world, showing you how to use social media. Brought in people doing media buying, people doing radio, a whole bunch of other unique strategies and unique ways to drive traffic to your automated webinar. And that event was three days long. You get all the videos to that event as well. So inside this product, there's probably five or six days worth of videos from two different events. You get a whole bunch of actually three events. So one section, I gave you an entire video from an event we did that shows you how to create your own coaching program. So inside this members area, there's more training than you can get in an entire college education. You're getting all here in one spot. And you guys know what you paid for this. It was an amazing deal. But it's only going to be amazing for you if you jump in and immerse yourself in the content and then actually go out and apply it. So I want to recommend you do that. So the first step again is print out this workbook down below, print it out, and then start watching the videos and go through the entire process. And by the time you get to the end, you're going to understand exactly how to launch your very own seven figure shortcut type business, where you can go from wherever you are right now, making seven figures in a very short period of time. Does that sound cool? OK, well, I appreciate you guys being part of this. Get started down below, print out the workbook, start watching the trainings, and I'm excited to hear about your success stories.