All right, so you guys are really in for a treat these next couple of days So I my name is Mike Ryan by the way I run click fusion the automated webinar affiliate network So a lot of you will be working with me and talking to me afterwards I've been working with a lot of you so far up until now Next couple days are gonna be awesome I spend a lot of time working next to Russell and just watching him just fly through business and develop systems and that make money and that are automated and it just kind of flows It just happens and so what we've done over the past several weeks is Really get in and dive in and figure out You know what are the processes that we do and let's get these all put down so we can teach people what? Russell does to get out there and make money so that he can kind of rub off on you and you can rustle eyes everything That you do in your business, so the next person is gonna come up I don't think really needs an introduction, but he needs a big round of applause Russell Brunson Thanks Mike Alright, well first off you guys are in Boise, Idaho in the middle of December You guys are crazy. I was like really surprised We set the room up for like 60 people and you can tell like there's all the chairs already taken So we have a great group of people who came out. We appreciate you guys coming out I am really really really really excited for this weekend something we've been putting together a lot This is the most prepared I've ever been for any event I've ever done It's gonna work to me for you know, I kind of I'm more like the top of my head type person in this book Like the first hundred pages book I put together by myself. So there's a lot of like lines and fill in the blanks so But I was pretty proud of it, so there's a labor of love that's so much I love you guys But first off a lot kind before I get started. I just want to recognize the caliber of people that are in this room You know some of you guys were very modest when you introduced yourselves We have some amazing people in this room I want to make sure that everyone who's here takes advantage of each other make sure you're networking and talking because We have some high-level high-level people in a lot of different industries that are in this room People doing a lot of money with their automated webinars right now people make a lot of money other ways So make sure you take advantage of the time while we're here together The other thing is I really want to Just kind of preface that like this all the stuff I'm gonna be talking about next two days isn't really my information I've been on a quest for the last probably I don't know eight or nine months. I'm trying to figure this whole thing out and trying to learn this whole thing and we've Gone to a lot of really great teachers and learned a lot of good stuff And my this is kind of me compiling all the things I've been learning together and kind of give it to you guys as a system In fact, if you look here in the book the last 150 pages The appendix is actually a report called supercharger marketing that rich chef and wrote about almost two years ago Kind of like prophesying about automated webinars about how they're their new future and took almost two years before people caught on to it And he let me reprint the the report back here So something tonight I would recommend when you get to your rooms Read this report and it'll kind of really open up your eyes to you know A lot of the reason why this whole thing works so well and why it's such an exciting thing to be part of Now The real reason why I'm doing this event again My goal wasn't to come and like plagiarize everyone and then go teach back their information That was why we do this whole event the real reason is we're in the process right now of launching two new companies One of them is called click fusion. That's why it says click fusion on the front of the book Well click fusion is actually an automated webinar affiliate network. So think of like something like clickbank We're building clickbank for automated webinars And so as we start kind of building this once we found a lot of people don't have webinars Don't have automated webinars and wanted to build a really good training Systemized training for everybody so they don't have a webinar that can build a really powerful webinar plug it into our system Be part of our affiliate networks. That's kind of one of the evil reasons why we're doing this whole event is just to give You know my goals have all you guys with an automated webinar in our network within two months from now So that's a big kind of one of the main main reasons and then the second company We're launching here probably on a March or April is the company called second upline.com And we're in the network marketing industry and we're gonna be doing automated webinars for network marketers And so same kind of thing This is gonna be the videos and the DVDs of this event and the workbook will kind of be a training system for people who are trying I'd create an automated webinar to either put into our affiliate network or for their network marketing program So one of those two companies so that's kind of the real evil reason So that's why we're doing this event and you guys have a lot of fun. I'm beginning 100% of my effort I'm not selling anything here today so you can keep your wallets in your pockets And just know that my whole plan my whole goal for next year is to give as much as I can and hopefully guys will get a couple ideas For those who have webinars if you can get one or two ideas from this event It'll be success for those who don't if you hang if you can get the vision behind and build your first webinar It'll be worth it. So that's kind of my my motivation. So I want to talk about Kind of like the last two years of my life and it also like kind of some stuff prior just kind of set the stage for This event and why I'm so excited by this topic If you look back when I first got started online Man it was in Josh Anderson's here. I'm excited Josh was able to come Josh and I shared an office back How many years ago is that like? 2004 yeah back in the day back when we were both like trying to learn this whole business and he was living in Rexburg, Idaho And he moved across here and we took my basement of my house We turned it to an office and he had a desk and I had a desk and we thought we were so cool trying to be internet marketing nerds and We had a really good time We're trying all these different things and learning about like everything and and it was this whole discovery about this whole thing Some of you guys are probably going through that discovery right now Some of you guys are have been doing this for a while But for me it was like the most exciting thing in the world and I was looking at these websites I remember some of the first websites I saw had these long sales letters and I first was really confused I'm like I don't understand why these ugly sites have so many words on here people don't want to read people want to you know I can it took me a long time to get that and we started seeing how well sales letters worked I still remember the very first sales letter I ever did was for a product called zip rander and I wrote the sales letter I thought it was amazing and I sent a I sent a copy of the software to a couple of people that were big internet marketers online This guy named Raymond McNally you got a copy of the software and the next morning There's an email my inbox. He said hey your software is awesome. This is great, but your sales that are sucks He's like so I took it a liberty and I rewrote it for you here You go and he wrote a whole long form sales letter for me like overnight He got so excited by the product and he sent it to me and I was like this is awesome So I put this sales letter up and amazingly enough people started buying the product I was like oh my gosh this whole thing the these things actually work They actually convince people to buy things so we started in sales letters for a long time and that was Kind of the first way I was starting to sell things online a little while later I met a guy named Alex Mendoza who he was ever heard of Alex or seen his stuff Yeah, and he had he put out a course called tele-seminar secrets And I was like this this sounds kind of cool It's like a lot easier to talk on the phone than it is to write a long sales letter So I signed up for tele-seminar secrets and I learned how he was doing tele-seminars to sell things I started doing tele-seminars to sell things and that was kind of the next evolution of my in my sales It was great. We get you know 100 200 300 people on the phone I talked for 60 minutes the end of it I'd offer him to buy something and a big percentage of people would run and buy the thing and it was most amazing thing I still remember my dad was in town one time. He's he lives in Utah And he came up and I was doing this tell seminar for a guy named Vince James He wrote books and he has made red called the 12-month millionaire and we do this tell seminar My dad's listing in and I do this whole thing and then we you know I told people go buy the book it was a $300 book and I can't remember how much we did It was like 20 or $30,000 in sales and my dad was flipping out He's like you made a phone call and you made $30,000 She's like most people work for an entire year and they don't make that much And I was like yeah this whole tell seminar things like the greatest thing in the world So that's kind of the next evolution was tell seminars And I really credit Alex for teaching me The process of how to do tell seminar if you guys haven't gone through his course It'll benefit you in your webinars or anything else the way he teaches I'm how to get people on a tell seminar what you do want to tell seminar Post-sale strategies a whole bunch of really powerful stuff that I've incorporated a lot in my webinars as well If you guys have a chance to go through this training, it's great Then after that a little while later We were rooting a lot of tell seminars and tell seminars then go to meeting kind of came out And that was kind of the next big thing and people started in webinars and so As it's kind of my nature instead of just going and like doing a webinar I got really excited and we put together a webinar summit. We had 90 different internet marketing speakers Each one was going to do a webinar and we did this big huge things called the internet more online internet marketer of the year Some of you guys may have remembered this and we had 90 gurus do webinars So everyone promote this big webinar thing made a whole bunch of money and then for the next 90 days in my life I had to promote and do a webinar and So it's more like there's like four or five months doing a webinar every single day and the end of it I hated webinars. It was the most horrible experience I like wanted to get my life back because all I was doing was promoting a webinar getting on the webinar selling protein You know, it was it was a long process. So Lesson number one don't do like 50 at once just do one like so much easier I promise but that's what kind of cut my my thing on webinars and really liked it The only thing that was kind of a downside of it was you had to be on the webinar Okay, again in four months into that thing I was so tired and so beat up and it's like this is a great way to sell but man It's it's not really what I thought it was gonna be not not um, all it's cracked up to be and a little while later This is probably the last two years or so everyone started doing sales videos and you ever seen a sales video Okay, these things were like the most fantastic things in the world It was kind of like a sales letter but way easier to write It was kind of like a webinar except for happened all the time And so we started building sales videos and for about two years It was like the greatest hottest most amazing thing in the world And we sold millions and millions of dollars worth of stuff just with simple sales videos and that was kind of next evolution We still do sales videos But that was kind of the big evolution for us was doing those and the next evolution we started we built a call center We started calling people on the phone and selling things through the phone, which was very effective as well and so that was kind of the the evolution of how we were selling things online, okay and And and if you look back two years ago actually two years ago in like three weeks at that time I had a hundred employees 67 were sales people on the phone dialing we had 12 coaches fulfilling on coaching was just we built a machine It was it was awesome. We were driving tons of traffic in the front we'd built a huge continuity program and and Everything was just going really really good and then two years ago last thing was January 14th or 15th We got all of our merchant accounts shut down Okay, now imagine this you have a hundred employees your overhead is over half million dollars a month well over half million dollars a month But everything when it's working everything makes sense, right? and then one day all sudden we had no money coming in just instantly like boom and That was the scariest feeling my whole life I had so much overhead like it was impossible to like move and react and like I got a right checks next week whether morning Money's coming in or not and it kind of got me stuck in this process And it was horrible and we got our merchant count shut off and about a week and a half later We got him turned back on and anyway a long story not gonna tell you the whole painful process But for about a year I was trying to like keep this whole machine running We have kept and cut people and cut people and finally in January this year It just got too much and we shut down the call center and kind of shut down a whole business Shrunk everything down really really small and just kept the eight or ten core people we needed and At that time I was like man this whole machine we built all this money was coming everything we figured out Just wasn't really realistic anymore in today's market. It was hard to keep doing it I was like, what do we you know what I want to do what I want to do when I grow up and that was the question I asked myself who here's ever asked themselves that question Okay, this is a good question I think everyone should ask themselves at least once every I know every every three to six months Because it really makes you kind of change your perspective and I sat there, you know, we moved into a little small office We had our eight people there and you know as my best eight people were still working everything things are going good And we kind of said I'm so you know what what should we do and I was looking at all different models and all different things We kind of looked at what everybody was doing out there And and one day I got a call from one of my friends He's a copywriter and he called me up and at the time he was working for Mike Phil same And he said hey Mike just laid me off and laid off like you know 20 or 30 other people I'm just wondering if you're looking you know looking for many employees right now It's like oh no we just laid off a bunch of people as well And so I felt kind of sick to my stomach for Mike and so I called Mike about person like oh man I know how you feel we just laid off a whole bunch of people and I feel so bad Tell me you know what's been happening to you and he's like he's like oh no it's been great and Mike What do you mean? He's like he's like we made this automated webinar We launched it was making so much money's like I cut all my staff I cut all my overhead all my people I shut down every other project except for this one thing because it was making so much money I was like are you serious like that's like what I just did except for it's the the good equivalent of what I just did I cut everyone because how much overhead he cut everyone because he just wanted to keep all the money and so He showed me that and he showed me this webinar and the webinar was Was making crazy money and it didn't take you know 60 people to sell the product Didn't take a whole fulfillment team to fulfill on it. It was just one automated webinar that didn't talk back to you Didn't want raises it didn't want Sales commissions. It just did this thing every single day day in and day out and so I was watching Mike do this webinar I was like that is amazing and and he told me said there's this report the rich chef from wrote you should go read it So I got this report similar to your manual and that night I read the whole thing and I was like holy crap This is like just just blowing my mind. I was so excited Okay, so this is probably in beginning of March of this year and then I was out at Bill Glazer's mastermind meeting and afterwards I went over and yonik silver was doing his big underground event So I was over there and lo and behold rich chef from was there at dinner So walking to rich I'm like dude where have you been? I haven't seen you like two or three years like he just completely disappeared off the map And I just assumed he went bankrupt or lost his business I just assumed that he just had lost everything right so they're talking to him. He's like yeah like three years ago We were going through the same struggle you're going through right now. He's like we shut down everything overhead was too much He's like we put all of our eggs in one basket. We decided we're gonna build an automated webinar We built out the webinar and he's like you know, I think his staff's like five people now He's like we're making millions and millions of dollars. I got five people. He's like it's the most stress-free life He's got don't go to events anymore. I don't speak. I don't sell anything. He's like I just have this one little webinar and it basically That's a good ringtone I Feel like I'm a fairy or something Or a leprechaun Anyway, so he's telling me he's like yeah, so I launched this webinar three years ago He's like that's why you haven't heard from you haven't seen me because I've just been doing this webinar And he's like I don't have to do anything else and I was like this is amazing. I said rich kind come out your office I just want to like pick your brain and see how you're doing it So next month I flew out to his office spend a day with him. He showed me his whole process I called Mike on the phone about 20 times picked his brain and just was trying to learn this whole thing and seeing ever you know how it was working and got really excited and And so that's kind of the first part and then and then from there, you know, we said okay What's what's the webinar we're gonna build out and spend a lot of time trying to think about that and a lot of you guys are here Part of our dot-com secrets IMA program and that was the webinar we decided to build out and It was kind of a nervous thing so we spent I spent about six months building the whole process from the webinar to the The back end to the fulfillment It was we spent a lot of time like rebuilding the whole thing getting ready for the webinar launch We had a lot of our eggs in that basket. I was really really nervous like okay Please let this thing work we launched the first day and and luckily it did it did really really good now Let me step back before before we launched the webinar Mike Philson has had been had spent probably I don't know a year year and a half building out this Automated webinar script. I should remember you sent an email to like 10 people and said hey guys this webinar I'm doing it's the greatest thing in the world. It's maybe more money anything. I've ever done the in the past This script's awesome. I'm not gonna sell the script anyone in the world Suffer a couple close buddies. So if you'll pay me ten thousand dollars and three percent royalty on your on your webinar I'll sell you the script. I was like sweet. So I said I'm ten grand I found out Mike Dillard sent him ten grand and I guess we were the only two guys that sent him ten grand and he was I think he was I think he was expecting like thousands of people to send him all this money And it was just us too and so and Mike actually launches webinar some of you guys have you seen the elevation group webinar right now They're doing a hundred thousand dollars a day with that webinar Okay, that's not exciting. We would like to make a hundred grand a day That's my new goal. Yeah, so Dillard did launch his it was amazing And then they launched Dillard's they came back to build out mine We started building it out and at that time Mike's programmer quit and this other guy quit and I was left with this script It was not that was not finished not completed and Mike's like sorry all my guys kind of disappeared I was like, it's alright. We'll figure it out. And so at that time I just started working with this programmer named Todd and And Todd was like well send me Mike's script I'm gonna look at it he looked at it really quick and then he disappeared for like a week I couldn't get a hold of him couldn't I'm like, dude He just ripped me off like I said in the script and he disappears off face of the earth and when he pops back up and Pops back up one day. He's like hey, how's it going? I'm like, dude. Where have you been like I need like I need some feedback on the thing he's like he's like well, I look at my script and it's pretty good There's some bugs on some things like that and he's like He's like we think about if we just built the whole thing from scratch right now And he's like you mentioned before building a webinar I feel like now we'll just build a whole network from scratch and we launch it'll be amazing And I was like I was like well, we don't have time for that, you know, and he's like why I thought you'd probably say that That's why I haven't been online for the past week. He's like I just built the whole thing and it's done I was like Are you serious like you built that entire thing in seven days and he's like yeah, so anyway It was amazing. So we put our webinar on that we tested out It's been we've been rolling it for the last four months or so it's been doing great We've got I don't know probably 10 or 15 people were building out webinars and network as well A couple a couple of actually be rolling out next week or so. So we're testing out the platform right now, but it's working Fantastic for us So we launched our webinar about four months ago right now. It's netting over ten thousand dollars a day Which is great. You take ten thousand dollars is basically we're running all our stuff through clickbait So clickbait takes their check they pay the merchant and what we get is about ten grand a day afterwards So if we look at gross for probably anywhere from twenty to thirty thousand dollars gross a day I was really happy and content with that until I was in Mexico last week and Dillard's partner was bragging about how they're making A hundred thousand dollars a month their webinar now. I'm angry. So I Hope that gets you guys motivated to set your bar really high because You told me a week ago something to do a hundred grand a day in a webinar. I wouldn't believe it now That's my new goal. So anyway in the last four months. We've grossed over a million dollars and Actually, yeah, the first 30 days we grossed over a million dollars and we could have gone a lot faster But we slowed it down for those of you guys who went through our IMA program The support side of we tried to really be good on we've hired for now support people were supporting it And so the growth was a lot slower just because we were trying to get people in place getting systemized find out the bugs But you can grow and ramp these things up very very quickly Anyway, so that's kind of what we've we've done the last 90 days And it's the most exciting thing in the world for me next year Our big plans are getting launched the affiliate network and then also the network marketing network and that's why this event's here So my goal for the next day and a half two days is to give you guys as many ideas and main things I've been able to learn the last six months or so with this and hopefully give you guys some tools to take your webinars and take Next level and that is the game plan sounds good. Yeah. Alright, okay, so I've got a lot to cover Anyone's ever heard me speak before I talk really fast. I've been told But hopefully you'll get some good ideas. So we're gonna be talking This first section we're gonna be talking about is Is your webinar timeline and this is probably gonna go tell about lunchtime? We're gonna go through this unless if you guys don't give me good feedback then I get really nervous and I go really fast for example Couple years ago we did these events here in boys and we did a bunch of radio ads and we drew these events We had three of them during the day and the first event had a group about half this size And the audience was really excited like you tell they're excited to be there And they you know they they gave me feedback and last like 90 minutes long and second audience They're like four dudes in the front right here and they're all kind of like not happy to be there You tell like they weren't happy and they have the exact same presentation in 20 minutes So a lot of this is gonna depend on like how much fun we have if you guys are just very quiet And I'm gonna get nervous and go really really fast or we can have fun and hopefully get a lot more value from everybody So if you turn your books page number two, this is the outline of recovery during this presentation. There's a lot to go over Again I want to give credit where credit's due a lot of stuff is not my own ideas. I spent a day out in Florida last December about a year ago right now with Dustin Dave and Imram these guys they did a power day with me I got a lot of elements for my webinar from them. I learned a lot of stuff from From a lot of it from Alex Mendoza from Armand more so this is kind of like from all my different teachers I've worked with this is what my formula kind of is right now Everyone's got different ways to do this is kind of my formula you can take what you want if you don't like parts Don't worry about it. There's no nothing set in stone I've been webinars of people that shouldn't have worked that worked really good and other ones people they have this script They follow it to a tee and doesn't work so a lot of us just kind of it's an art form It's not at least in my mind It's less of a science and more of an art form and something kind of got to fill out and play with and if something doesn't work You tweak it and you change it. Okay, you can ask my brother Scott the video guy We've done probably four or five versions of the dot-com secrets local webinar in the last 90 days We took the same webinar and they're like oh, let's do this We tweak little things and edit things and change things and so we're always adding in new things like decent You don't know if you see a new webinar You're in the new webinar and you're in the webinar so you guys are like we've you know We got some great testimonies. He's guys making great money So we put them back in the webinar and and so um and so this again something that nice thing about automated webinar Is it can evolve and change and tweak it doesn't have to be it's not like where you step up on stage You give your presentation you got one shot and if you miss it, you're like oh crap I just went home with nothing. Okay, this is different. This is something where you build it And it's always a testing and tweaking in a changing process until it gets better and better and better Okay, that was one thing that I got from rich chef for me said he said prior to them launching their webinar He said they come in the office. Okay, whatever you launched this week and they build something they want you Okay, what are we gonna launch next in this whole process of like continually launching business after business after business? Okay, we got in that cycle a lot in our business as well. It's it's a hard It's a hard thing to keep doing okay, you get burned out very fast. He said when he has webinar He said every day they walk in look at here's the whole webinar process. What should we tweak today? Well, let's try adding a music intro, you know, oh, see that help her. Oh, okay, let's pull that back out Let's try changing the headline. Oh that worked today and every day there's tweaking little pieces of this webinar So don't look at this is like this is a quick project It's in and out look at this is this is a long-term business you're building in for next year five years ten years You can keep tweaking and changing things and that's a good thing Okay, if you look at it that way, you'll you'll be less stressed about making sure it's perfect Okay, and a lot of people are so concerned about things being perfect We used to do these events once every quarter in our office It was kind of like a very beginning event like how to you know, create an info product and stuff like that I remember there was this lady with her family She was one of my favorite people it came through our group and I used to tease her because she was so concerned about doing things Perfect if she asked a question and I'm like we can do this She's like wait wait which one can which one I need to do I'm like you can do both I mean just try both and one will work better than the other. I don't know which one's try both No, I need to know what which is the right way to do it I'm like there's no right way to this thing okay It's kind of like little things you just fill around you play with a little bit So that's very much the same thing with this as well so again, I'm gonna give you guys kind of my timeline and Is this on? awesome Okay, this is called an elm. This is my new favorite thing. Hopefully it'll work well So when I create any webinar what I basically do This gonna work You guys see that very well Want to do whiteboard but there's a small hopefully this will work better I'm afraid if I turn lights off I'm gonna disappear the only camera should try that though. Let's see what happens Those lights on here Yes, how do you do that you think? pop on Who's our Who's our techno guys in the group I've actually got an automated webinar on the elmo lights. There's a bunch of lights think that'll be the right one Boom that's why we brought you guys along so you can help me with the technical part I'll speak and zoom out awesome Okay, there is my timeline so I like we did a webinar Man, I'm so horrible stuff like this So I get excited about something and then like everything's like focus on that for the next like 24 hours, right? So I decided for webinar I was like this is gonna be exciting so I emailed our list for this webinar tomorrow It's gonna be amazing everyone show up to it and we didn't have a webinar or anything like even remotely started yet And so I don't know if Josiah hears you Josiah's one guys who works with us He watched me on one of my whiteboard and I drew a big timeline this I started mapping He's like wait, let's get this whole thing on tape So you got a little flip camera and tape me for like 20 minutes time lining out this whole thing and I went and bust out slides Really quick and the whole process from from brainstorming to the webinar happening was like under an hour And that's creating the slides as well, and it did really really good. So it's kind of like my process I know everyone's minds don't think the same as mine But get hopefully take from these things the pieces that are gonna help you in your webinar. Okay? All right, so when I look at my webinar, here's the timeline of it before I get the timeline the very first thing I want to know about right here again on page number two You look the outline is is the hook in the story Okay, this is I think the most important part of a webinar Is how are you gonna get someone on to the webinar? Okay? If you don't have a good hook nobody is ever gonna show up To your webinar for example the other day we did a webinar with Brittany Lynch anyone here was on that webinar Okay, it did fantastic for us the copy. She gave me initially was really boring and really dry And I was like nobody is gonna come in it was like how to create a niche Facebook profile and make money I'm like that's not there's nothing exciting or sexy. You're like fun about that I was like what's what's gonna be exciting or what's what's the right hook on singing out for a while? And it was about Thanksgiving time I said okay, thanks or Christmas is like two months away and the thing on her webinar was really cool Is that she was gonna she was gonna pick a niche go into Facebook and make $10,000 in that niche in six weeks And everyone could basically just copy or like okay, but you make the same ad she did make you know Just kind of copier and theory if you copied her you can just do the same thing make ten grand as well in the same niche Right or pick a similar niche and just follow the process So the headline and the hook that I came up with was make $10,000 by Christmas Okay, now that headline that hooked was amazing I can't like the open-rated email was one of the best we've ever done click-through rate was one of the best ever done the Registration was one of the best we ever done show up rate was amazing and sales on the webinar were awesome as well I think we ended up like eight or nine dollar EPC on the webinar, which you learned tonight about EPCs It was amazing for us. Okay, we sold 250 copies of her $700-800 thing which was amazing just blew my mind that we would sell that many Especially this close to Christmas traditionally Christmas time for me has always been a something that struggled selling But we picked the right hook in the right angle and a work Okay, so for you guys I want to make sure that when you're when you're thinking about this process today What's the thing? What's the things and get someone onto the webinar? Okay, and a couple things on page number three here? When the big things is I always want to try to tie it to some type of an attractive character Okay, if you guys ever heard me speak before in my events I like to talk about attractive characters what that is is somebody that the audience can bond to you know Sometimes that person's gonna be me. It's gonna be me saying hey my name's Russell Brunson. I did this really cool thing Come check it out. I want to show you how this works. Okay now one thing about that That usually works a lot better when people don't know who you are after you know who you are for a while That works less and less effectively okay, cuz I like oh well crap you're Russell Brunson. You're a genius I'm like are you serious ask my wife my mom ask my friends? I am not a genius, but they think you are because you're in the spotlight right so eventually that starts We're being less and less effective. Okay, so when we started building the dot-com secrets local Webinar I didn't want to be like hey, I'm Russell check out how cool I am I wanted to find someone else to be my attractive character okay, so if you guys have seen the video Who's my attractive character for dot-com secrets local Brett Curry? Yeah, so Brett had gone through a system made a bunch of money So we use him as the attractive character Okay, cuz it's so much more powerful if I can say hey check out this guy over here how much money he made with it Okay, we're brekkins. I look what I did over here Russell's the person that showed me how to do it Okay, so for me more the longer I've been in this business the less I like making me the attractive character the more I like finding one of our case studies or students to be attractive character Because it's such a stronger positioning. Okay, people are it's a lot more believable to Lot of times and you saying that you're the person Okay, now if you're just getting in this business and you're brand new or whatever or people know who you are a lot of times It's good to tell your story especially if it hasn't been told a lot for me It's tough that told my story so many times and I apologize the most years have heard it probably a thousand times But find a good story and some kind of attractive character they can bond to okay for me Brittany Lynch We did her webinar. She was the attractive character that obviously okay. She used to work for Google She knew these insider secrets that nobody else knew about that's why she can do this and nobody else can do it Okay, so that's becomes a fun story people like oh crap she worked at Google of course You can do I can just copy what she's doing okay? So that's the first thing the second thing is figuring out what's your hook? What's your angle okay, and again these things all kind of tie together, but so important In our info product seminar we do we talk a lot about like the diet industry Okay, and I was in Mexico last week with all the big diet gurus, which was really funny like Mike Geary was there a bunch of those guys like that and we hung out in Mexico and they're also basically the same thing how to Look good right how to get a six pack how to look be a big bulked out whatever it is They all are kind of selling the same thing Can you look like the whole weight loss industry like has it changed very much in the last I don't know 10 billion years? Okay, like right now. I have a personal trainer. I've lost like I don't seven or eight percent body fat in the last like two months We're working out this guy's been great, and what's amazing is guess what? He's telling me to lower my caloric intake make sure I take the right kind of calories not the wrong kind of calories And I got a workout I go lift weights and I have to exercise Okay Yeah, and I'm paying him 50 bucks or 60 bucks per session to have him tell me this okay three times a week Okay, but what I'm looking for I'm looking for the results Okay, you look at the weight loss industry look at these guys. There were some of the best is is finding the hook Okay, I've won the hooks is the every other day diet, okay? You're like oh crap the every other day died I can eat whatever I want every other day okay, and the whole look of it is basically like starve yourself today Eat whatever you want today starve yourself and after like seven days in theory guess what you've done you've taken less calories in okay? Like it's the same thing So it's all about finding the hook and you guys make a little hook and boom they sell millions and millions of dollars worth their products Okay, so the hook is so important again look at the industries are really over saturated like that look at the weight loss Internet marketing these are over saturated look at the different hooks because I promise you the core system behind most of these things are exactly The same okay, it's just what's the hook and if you find the right hook that's what gets people to open the email It gets people to click on the link click on a banner ad show up on a webinar It's that hook okay the better the hook the more likely they are good to show up The next two things are on page three are specific tangible numbers and result based stories I know a lot of people are really nervous because the whole FTC thing they're afraid to share results I've I have dealt off my FTC attorneys, and I feel comfortable like kind of what we do with ours But if you can have some kind of result based story With specific numbers that's always going to do better for you Okay, if you can say hey so-and-so lost 63 pounds and six weeks using this that's me a lot more better a lot better than hey How to lose you know six inches from your waist okay, because as soon as you make it specific and tangible then they can relate to that Okay, you get rid of the specifics and tangibility makes a lot harder. Okay, everything will drop down Kind of the guidance we got mark FTC lawyer, and again. I'm not a lawyer. I don't even like lawyers You guys should definitely question a lawyer if you have anything I'm telling you like what I feel comfortable with I do not feel comfortable doing It's like Income-based things I would never say how to make a million dollars tomorrow crap. What's the headline on this? Before this this book goes live we need edit that everyone need to edit the headline So I did what I would not do and like a sales letter on the book here because on a book you guys aren't hopefully gonna go FTC back or Russell told me I'd be a millionaire 90 days You could and I'll freakin find you and track you down Basically what I feel comfortable with is is the income-based thing it the income-based thing is how to make a million dollars tomorrow Okay, what I what I feel comfortable with my FTC lawyers kind of given us, you know made me feel comfortable with his If I I can share like what you did I say how deep price made $2,500 Three days after our webinar because I'm not saying you're gonna make it. I'm saying this is hers Okay, now again, I know some people who won't do that because they don't feel comfortable And so I again I would recommend talking to your to a lawyer, especially like someone who knows FTC law Just because that's kind of a gray area, but the more result-based things and more tangible numbers You can put into something the better it's always gonna be okay, which is why the FC doesn't like just doing it as much because it works So dang good So just know there's a fine line there. Whatever you feel comfortable with and do do consult an attorney, okay? So that's the first thing is a hook and again The hook is gonna drive the whole rest of this thing the better your hook the better it's gonna be One of the best promoting webinars we ever did was mr. FBX and the hook on that one was how I built 100,000 person Facebook following in 48 hours, okay? That's just like a huge hook like 48 hours is tangible right 100,000 people is like a number that's or a million was a million people hundred thousand people It's a number like man if I had a hundred thousand followers, how much money could I make and it didn't 48 hours? I gotta be on this webinar Okay, so you can tangible specific things like that that people can see and be like I want that I want that result right now Okay, all right, okay, so now we're gonna get into the actual the actual webinar So here comes my timeline my timeline things out the first thing I'm gonna be doing here Is I'm looking for what is my attention grabber now? I do this I usually draw lines like this And I draw a little picture right here of what my slides gonna be and slide number two will go down here This is all like this is how I timeline out my my webinar again I usually sketch this whole thing out like this and I pull up my power points and start busting out slides as fast as I can Okay, so the very first slide I'm looking for something to do with an attention grabber Okay, and every was attention grabber can be different on the dot-com secrets local one It sounds a little bit like this. Okay, this is page number four. I have the script here. It says I Says I'm like hi, it's Russell Brunson. Thank you so much for being on this webinar. This may sound strange But congratulations on one of the most important decisions you've made in your entire life I know didn't seem like much but showing up on this webinar was Was a move I believe will change the course of your future for the better and I mean that I want you to understand How fortunate you are I want you to understand as you hear the sound of my voice right now There were hundreds of thousands of people hundreds. I think you would change that hundreds Maybe thousands a hundreds of thousands of people who want to be where you are right now I can actually see dozens of them trying to log in right now But they can't get in because it's already filled the capacity. I warned you to fill up It's already happened on cue because that's how we did dot-com secrets local This is the cat's attention like hey This isn't just like nice happy thing people want to be here. You guys slot do not miss out on that spot Okay, that's one way we got people attention Another way if you look at We've added a couple different tension grabbers the newest version of our of our webinar one of them was we create this really cool software Called your local shortcut and helps you find and scrape leads and stuff like that in your local market So we did is the tension next attention grabber you put in there said and by the way at the end this webinar We're gonna be giving you guys a free copy of the software the software normally sells for 97 bucks But if you save the entire webinar, we're gonna give it to you for free And this software so powerful look at this video testimony from Brian Delaney. He's one of our first beta testers in it He's been using plus eight months. Let me show you how much money he's made with the software And I got a little video Brian saying hey the software or also gave me his amazing month when we did this much What do we this much and he kind of showed his case to his software and I jump back in case so we want that software for free Make sure you stay to the end. I'm gonna give it to you everybody at the end. Okay, and what I just do I said a hook I grab their attention now that I crap. I can't leave some want that software I can be just like Brian and make a ton of money. Okay, so it works good So if you have something like that you can put at the end something to grab their attention and get them there Okay, I've seen people do it We're like at the end this webinar I'm giving away a free iPod or I'm gonna be giving away cash or you know something like that to grab someone's attention Okay, I like those things to keep some on and we added a software thing And you look at our analytics and stuff because our webinars long it's if you watch my whole webinar now It's two hours long It didn't start that way just keep adding stuff and keep growing and growing We had people were staying till the end there's always obviously percentage we're dropping off So we have that software thing in our increase people saying to the end is just skyrocketed Because everyone wants that free software and what's cool about it is it's like a watered-down version of software So they when I do my and I'll talk about this more at the end in the clothes They get that software for free But then if they want the souped out like tricked out version with all the bells and whistles They got to invest in the course and then they get the whole thing. Okay, so that's kind of another thing you can do But you would grab your attention is big All right now the next step now much the next after I grab their attention, here's my attention Tension here my next step my next slide or my next set of slides is gonna be called by like opening a loop Okay, now. I'm not gonna get a lot into like NLP, but if you guys want to learn cool stuff like go and study NLP It's the most fascinating fun thing to learn about One of the concepts in NLP's they talk about is his loops okay opening and closing loops Mark joiners was my very first like real mentor. He used to call this the the Zara Garneck effect I can never say it right which is a military term But basically what the concept is and you guys see this every single day we watch TV, okay? When you're watching You know if any guys like shows like the bachelorette, they are fantastic at this I don't watch that show personally, but if I did I know that Chris Harrison the end of every single commercial break Says when you get back and anyway, he hooks you right so up next you'll find out how blah blah blah blah And kind of hooks you on this whole thing You see like the most traumatic thing could possibly happen in the scene You're about to flip the channel cuz it's kind of boring and all sudden you're like oh crap I got to find out what happens, okay? That's called the Zara Garneck effect you're setting a hook you're opening a loop and you don't close that loop till further down Okay inside edition is great this the news is good this all these shows that they thrive off how long you stay on the show They're fantastic this they open a loop and they close it later on okay? What's interesting if you look at it usually say open a loop over here say open this right here saying hey The end this webinar you're gonna learn this this and this and this okay? Now somewhere during this webinar you close that loop okay? What happens in your mind is your mind subconsciously is gonna go crazy to someone To someone closes that that statement k till that loop is closed consciously you forget about it If I say can a few minutes from now I'm gonna show you one secret I use they got me 500,000 people to watch my webinar 24 hours before I get to that though I want to focus over here on the most important Okay, so I cut right there now for the next till I answer that question That's always gonna be sitting there your head and it's gonna you're gonna feel like on this uneasy feeling It's gonna drive you crazy Okay, you're not gonna be able to turn off the webinar because you want to find out that thing I just open okay now if you're smart about it I open that loop at the very beginning I close it over here somewhere in the middle But during this time during this gap in the middle guess what I've done I've opened some other loop here, okay, and I close it over here so I'm dragging you along and pulling you along this webinar Okay, so throughout I'm always opening and closing loops opening and closing loops okay now the very beginning of what I like to do On page number five here. I talk about it What I like to do is I want to first off if I told him a story about the webinar I want to kind of tell this I want to retell this story and use that to open my loop, okay So let's just say for example is Brittany Lynch's webinar, so I would say something like You know we're so thankful to have you guys on the webinar right here Now as I told you guys before Brittany used to work for Google She made a lot of money over there, but what we're gonna talk about is even more important than that We're gonna show you how she Excuse me what we're gonna show you on this webinar She's actually gonna pick a niche with you guys you guys pick any niche you want and during that niche She's gonna show you how to make ten thousand dollars and before Christmas using that niche Okay, it's gonna be really really awesome before we get to that I want to introduce Brittany and tell you about her okay, so I just open up the loop I kind of told this I retold the story that got them on the webinar Okay, because if you don't retell the story people can like am I in the right webinar? Am I in the right place so I kind of retell the story right here and then use that to open my first loop Okay, I'm gonna be promising the big solution. What's the big solution? They're promised they're promised Okay for dot-com secrets local you're gonna be promising and learn an opportunity you can do in your hometown working from home To make you know Brett courage make 96,000 bucks a year this so far. Okay, that's the big solution Okay, and all you guys should have some big solution you can promise people okay if not you need something like that Okay, your webinar needs to be a solution to some problem. They're having Okay All right, again a page or five talk about some giveaways. We've done that The free software to keep them to the end as well, okay So those are some good loops Alex Mdozian when he taught tele-seminar secrets he talked a lot about was timeline of a tele-seminar I still remember this when I went through the training the first time he said this is your tele-seminar They come in you got five minutes right here He's like the five or two the ten minute marks is when people start dropping off They can't get on see if my interested. Nope. I'm off So that you got ten minutes really here to get them excited about what's gonna be happening over here, okay? And over here you're at 50 minutes and over here at 60 This is right here your whole goal is to get them hooked get them excited give away free gift or whatever it is to get them To over here because if you can do that they're gonna save for the content piece So right here in the middle is all content and down here is where you start your your pitch basically, right? So your whole goal is to get them from here and draw them over here same kind of thing here So I'm getting that person in what do I have to suck them in so again? It could be take it could be case study could be free product could be there's a lot of things you do But some kind of something to suck them in okay You get everyone's gonna be different on that Okay, yeah grab my phone yes question so we can get the microphone so we can get um we can get it on Do you know what's Typical for a drop-off right in there like the the webinar that I said I have this doing well the last Promoted about a month ago had $11.61 cents EPC some for affiliates are for you To my own list okay, so However the drop-off rate in the first eight minutes was 54 55 percent That's killing me. I'm like so I'm assuming that's high. Yeah, that's high okay. What's typical? Or do you know do you have any idea? I what do you shoot for I can pull my stats tonight and find out a little more? How do you know anyone else who do a webinar here who knows their stats off off typical drop-off right here? See Okay, so from microphones he said basically the first time that's he's seen a big increase and then and then during later He's drops off now when you're doing live web is that a live webinar or an automated? Because okay, so with our automated basically like if you show up ten minutes late it starts like five seconds into it So sounds like you just caught in the middle, but it's still in so for us You will see the spikes it's all based off of when they you know when they start the the video Yeah, I'm not sure I would be that is obviously high What are you doing there now to hook them to to pull them through or no my structure is I just used the same way that I that? That I when I give the presentation live and in front of the group, so I'm it's when they can't leave exactly that's what I'm That's what I'm missing is the Anyhow, I've got some I'm already getting some ideas about how to rectify that cool, but I'm just wondering of like what would be I don't know anyone's webinar other than my own so I have no way of knowing like it's 20% good or 30 or whatever Yeah, I'll try to pull our stats tonight and let you know tomorrow what ours are about on top of my head Yeah, just a ballpark targets all I'm like, yeah, thanks. I say less than 50% of my first ballpark Yeah, yeah But one thing I would say like If you if you watch the newest version dot com to your local we're doing is we're sending a couple of loops like this Okay, one thing I talked about I shared these stories said look now this webinar is gonna be out 90 minutes long get ready But you know one of our students she watches and three days later. She made her very first sale Let me tell you about Dean. I tell her whole story She's a great grandma she had grandkids and great-grandkids and it's most amazing and she made me three days afterwards So just watch this whole thing and you could if you follow her system, you know, I'm not saying you will but man What if you did what just imagine that would be like, okay? She's looking really fast. We do the testimony one We do the software one and we do The big solution once we do three hooks at very beginning right there. Yeah over here. Yeah, no comment. No comment. Okay We have technical difficulties Okay, so yeah, if you guys are seeing The one nice thing about most of the automated webinar software The good ones at least is you're able to see the timeline like how long people are on where they're dropping off So we're doing now is like going back and fortifying the drop-off points Okay, so you see hey man a minute 43 I'm offending a lot of people because they're all dropping off. Maybe I should quit cursing during my webinars You know, whatever it is you kind of start seeing those things I just get out and curse I say crap a lot. That's my worst word. I'll ever say so I used to like when I do events I used to try to like always not say that word because some people was offended and I went to Tony Robbins event He drops the F word every third word. I was like crap. I can say crap, right? So yeah back here Russell who are you using to host your web your automated webinars? The whole some video or yeah video Amazon stream everything from Amazon. Okay, we're using stealth. Oh, so you guys just off So we have I'm talking early about click fusion or automated webinars. So it's our own platform. Okay. Yeah, we're off our own platform Okay. Yeah, there's some other ones out there that are good. None of them are great except for ours, but There's my open loop, okay All right, so I grabbed your attention. Okay now I've grabbed your attention. This is where you got to kind of prove that you are Worked listening to And this is like where I put in my credibility piece now and I went to Dustin Dave They talked about story up and story down right that you guys call it. Yeah, it's like build your story up It's like hey, I was a normal kid just like all you guys I was going to college and then I got married and found out It costed a lot of money to be married. You've been married. It's expensive, right? and so I tried to figure out how can work and make money and I tried it all sorts of things and I spent two years trying this and that and this and that and I fell here and I fell here And I fell here and nothing worked and all of a sudden boom something happened lights came down Everything made perfect sense to me. I went out there and I made this and this and this I made how much money and they start dropping All your street cred pieces. Okay, so maybe I'm gonna any of my webinars or any of my speaking gig. What are my street cred things? I'm not Tony Robbins and Fiji. I got an airplane. It says dot-com secrets air on the side of it All these people made money because they listened to me Okay, so I start throwing in all your like street cred. Okay, so all you guys need to start like building in your portfolio of street cred Okay, that's that's really important. Okay, and you can drop them a million different times Okay, I get so tired of telling my same story, but every time I tell it something's like you have an airplane That's the coolest thing I've ever heard. I'm like, yeah, well, you know, it's pretty cool But I'm tired of telling the story too. Okay, you you hung out Tony Robbins. I yeah, it's pretty cool Okay, and so those are those things that that build up your credibility So think about in your life even if something sounds stupid you can make it sound really really cool. Okay, just think about things like like Like Brittany Lynch used to work at Google. Okay, it was an internship. She's there for summer for a couple months And she was out man. She used to work at Google. She was an insider. She saw that blah blah blah Okay, what are your street cred pieces you have? Okay, because all you guys have some kind of street credit I promise you whatever whatever niche whatever market you're in and again It can be you can be things you do with your students, but you need to have those things in there Okay, so that so the story piece again It's usually like you want you're taking them on a journey with you. So hey, I was just like you okay, man If there's a way loss I used to be 500 pounds just like you and then I try this and I tried this and I tried this okay You're building empathy with him. I try the same things you did we failed here We failed here we failed here we failed here, but then I Stumbled upon something the holy grail the thing that actually worked Okay, that's the big the big thing you want to do and then you kind of tell because of that Here's the results that happened to me or the results happened my students the results that you know Whatever it is you share those results like that and now they've walked that path with you and they've come with you They're like man, I've tried everything to I tried that guy I tried all the other gurus are all scam artists They're horrible people and then boom you have this transition you kind of left in there and they're like I Want to I want to go there with you like I want to I want to come with you Please let me come with you okay, and that's what your goal is to do okay, so that's your story piece Okay, it's your story up your story down again the first piece of it at first parts empathy try build the empathy And then you're talking about how you found the solution something that changed your life, and now you're kind of bringing with you Come on. Let me show you what let me show you what life's like over here, okay? Dan Kennedy talks about he talks about the guru on the mountain. He's like you're the guru on the mount You're bringing them up you're having them come up to you okay, but come on Let me show you what I figured out over here Okay, you guys are here because four months ago we launched your automated webinar. It's doing great Okay, so I'm come let me show you this happening come on over here. You guys want to see this too come on Okay, that's what that's what I was doing with you guys That's how come freaking how many eight of you guys are here in Boise, Idaho on December in a freezing cold morning Because you had empathy first and you wanted to come afterwards. Okay same thing to do with your guys things okay? A lot of people get very nervous in their storytelling For me it was very difficult at first to tell my story first off because you don't think it's that cool and second off It's always kind of a weird thing to talk about yourself if you guys know me my real life I'm not the kind of person like meets you at a group like oh by the way I don't know if you know I hung out with Tony Robbins. Oh, I got me on plane Like I hate people like that I'm not like that typically and I know most years probably like that either in fact my personal life I'm really shy if you go to church with me no one in my church knows what I do or who I am or anything It's really cool So I'm really shy like my personal life, but right here. I've you've got to portray that poor Pro trued portray whatever that word you got to do that to people okay? If that's what's gonna get them to want to come to you Okay, it was very important to be willing to do that and know it's gonna be awkward and nervous and things like that at first But if you were willing to give out that kind of stuff, it's gonna attract people to you Okay, that's key this whole business Okay, if you really don't have a good story, you know get a testimony from a client or whatever it is use their story But make sure there's some kind of story because that's just gonna get people to want to listen to you and want to come back and Partake of what you've got okay. All right, so the middle section now we've covered your story those type of things in your middle section Here is where you're kind of covering all the content Okay, people got on the webinar because they want to learn something okay usually the hook you got them on is hate It comes to webinar you're gonna discover this thing you're gonna learn something really cool, right? So that's really important is there's some kind of content happening there in the middle, okay? Now with your content I've heard a lot of people You know kind of share different ways they do some things like that What I try to do I try to teach as much as I can I'm usually guilty of over teaching a lot of times you teach too much. It will hurt your sales But if you can teach Ryan Dice just to call he said needs to be Useful but incomplete okay, so like really good stuff that they can use but it's like oh, but I kind of I need something else You know like why that all makes total sense, but I need the software I need the thing or I need that whatever that kind of thing Is okay, so you get useful but incomplete now when I'm building out my content pieces there's three kind of core things I'm trying to do and On page seven is where I talk about this the first one is you want to make sure your content is prolific Or I mean my prolific is it needs to be something that people go huh? That's kind of cool because if you say something and people like yep pretty much everyone knows that okay They're not gonna be very excited and that's probably one of the biggest sins I see people doing webinars or tell seminars or anything is their stuff's not prolific It's like the exact same thing everyone else is talking about like number one secret about about Internet marketing is there's this thing called Google and on Google you can put ads on it and those ads will drive people to your website And people like yeah seriously like who doesn't know that okay? That's a lot of people to do it you want to make sure it's some kind of thing okay? Like if you ever see me speak when I talk about traffic generation I don't typically share like what the you know the core thing we do we get join venture partners We you know rent list things like that like we the core things we do aren't sexy because everyone knows that and they're not so I tell people stories I find like what are the coolest things we're doing that may not be have the biggest bang for the buck But it's the things people like holy crap that is awesome. I can't believe Russell figure that out Okay, because that's what people want to hear they want you to be prolific they want something different They want to be entertained they want you know they asked me looking for something different like that So that's what you want to be sharing with people okay, so make sure it's something different unique If you do that that's what's gonna get people excited It's funny. We did a I spoke at Dan Kennedy's event last April I was on stage for six and a half hours had four presentations I apologize for you guys were in the room for that long listening to me But it was funny because we did this whole thing on traffic generation and it's like all these have been trashed They wanted the whole presentation to be on Shiny objects the internet marketing shiny objects like that's the everyone the shiny objects I'm sure these shiny objects people are like flipping out They're so excited by this and that and all sorts of stuff and afterwards like one guy like everybody one guy care to me It's like so what says your traffic comes from shiny objects I was like serious like maybe three percent like all the rest comes from my traditional like the fundamentals And that's what I thought but I'm like the fundamentals don't sell people don't get excited by the fundamentals You gotta get people excited. Okay, so one of the most prolific exciting things you've got that's what's gonna get someone to be sucked in Okay, okay the next thing and during the content piece. You know people are gonna have concerns Okay, and typical concerns are price point. It's too hard for me. It's whatever it is all the major concerns people are gonna have I want you to list those out ahead of time. Okay, so I'm page number seven little spot there, but list out Here's the here's the here's the concerns and most people are gonna have with buying my product Okay, and the way you want to do is after you know what those concerns are you want to orchestrate your content to answer those concerns during the content Okay, so for example the first time I learned this was from a guy named Mike Chen He had a software called make your own software I think he was selling it for like two or three hundred bucks and we did a tell seminar before the tell seminar He kind of coached me through it He said so a lot of people the biggest concern with this product is that it's too expensive So like so what we need to do is one of the questions you need to ask me during this the tell seminar is I want you to say hey Russell Or hey Mike One thing that amazed me about software is the fact you're only charging two hundred ninety seven dollars for it You know people typically hire a programmer. It's like tens of thousands of dollars get software created yet You can create unlimited products with want with your software program for just 300 bucks. Why do you price it so low? Okay, so that was the question I asked and what did that do it instantly? Everyone had the concern of like man, this is way too expensive all of a sudden like crap that is a lot cheaper I could hire a programmer to spend ten thousand dollars I get for 300 bucks and crazy many as I want can we crush it on that on that tell seminar too So figure out those concerns are you just gonna be a pricing thing? Maybe a time you I don't have the time or I'm not smart enough to do it or you know I'm not technical or whatever the major things you guys are gonna have and you probably know what they already are right? I guess mostly has no your your major concerns are gonna be so feel those concerns are and you're gonna kind of resolve them during the content Okay, you weave those in and it's really fun like that The other thing I learned from Dustin Dave, which was really good. Oh, thank you Okay The one thing I learned from Dustin Dave that was really good. They said every time they share like a content piece So they share something like Like for example, let's just say it's it's Google pay-per-click, right? So I share hey Google pay-per-click Da-da-da-da-da and then the concern a lot people are gonna have my mark is like paper click sucks It's too hard doesn't work today's market because that's what the message all these like gurus are telling people right? So if I'm talking about pay-per-click, I want to say it and say now one thing I want to show a lot of people are concerned because a paper click doesn't work today But let me show you testimonial of someone who's actually doing pay-per-click today in today's market right now And you show testimony that resolves that concern Okay, real estate guys do a great job of this because nobody believes real estate still works right today We're here still believe in real estate like let's go invest our money in real estate Okay, yeah, there's still real estate gurus selling the crap out of the stuff Okay, and the way they do it is they say basically like here's our new short sell now I know I know I know you've been told on the news short sells don't work But check out this dude right here. He's in a short sell yesterday yesterday. He did it Okay by following my system he did yesterday this stuff still works Okay, so that's kind of what what they do and that's something you should be doing as well when you share something Especially some that might be kind of like people are confused about share a relevant testimonial It's gonna resolve that concern. Okay, again, it's all being happened during the content part of it Okay, and again that last part there number seven is strengthen these concepts with and concerns with testimonials Okay, one of the ones that I love we've used D a couple times in the webinar about was you know, she's a great grandma She hasn't made money online with other things before the passion to still work for so like my my I might say in the webinar Like you know a lot of you guys have you've tried a lot of programs before you've gone through other gurus things Let me share with you these testimony. There's a video for her kind of telling her in the video She said I've tried all these other things and none of them work for me I tried network marketing internet marketing none of them work. This is the first day. I made money with I was like that's gold That's like the greatest testimony cap so I plugged that in right in the middle of webinar So everyone in their heads you're saying, huh, I'm not technical You haven't I've tried internet marketing before and never worked from the past Okay, I want to plug that in right there when they're thinking that thing in their head and answers a concern and resolves it right there for And more ways I can resolve those concerns and knock them out the better Okay, any questions about the content part at all. Yeah, just grab a microphone over here Just A quick question about testimonials, especially when you're launching your a new product So I'm assuming what you do is you get your Your Automated webinar up and as you get testimonials as you go along you start changing it and putting in those testimonials Yeah, right now what we're doing is we're getting people to do the program and system now Trying to get testimonials, but I'm sure after a while Because I think that's the hardest part is actually getting those testimonials when you're about to launch a brand new product Yeah, I do 100% when we first launched ours luckily we had launched like a beta group of dot-com secrets local We had a couple people had success so we use those initially but even like in our registration video I need to change this but our registration video We didn't have any like video testimonials about dot-com secrets local. So what we did is we said I can't resist some script. We're really the script in a couple pages. They're basically something like You know your face Let me show you some videos some videos people who are faced with a similar thing just like you just a little while ago And they decided to work with Russell and I showed testimonials with them working with Russell not so much the program And that's what we did then but then after we got like D's and Russell a bunch of other people's testimonials are coming in then we start grabbing those and bribed them to give us video testimonials and slip those into the webinar and the registration all those other things when you say bribed What do you mean check out his cool shirt he's gone on? Seriously t-shirts are one of the best like you guys who has ever done through insanity before that insanity program Okay, if you go through insanity, what do you get the end of it if you actually complete it? Yes t-shirt people freak out for the t-shirt. So we did this we said let's do a 30 day challenge Anyone who completes it let's send him a t-shirt It says doc. I'm serious local on it and it's been great So everyone signs up they have 30 days to make one sale if they do that they get a t-shirt and and it works great And yeah, and then they got a cool t-shirt. They walk around there promoting your business as well and things like that That's what we've been doing Cuz I've always been really bad at getting testimonials so that was the first thing we did is like how do we get people so we a lot of People have success through stuff and they never tell you so if you can bribe them with something cool like that That that helps obviously that's what started getting people like sending us like life's closest deal too Oh, and then we do it so we get him like we talk about like we put it on our blog We send an email out things like that because we want other people saying man. I want to be like D I want to be like Russell I want to have success too and they start seeing those things and so we just keep putting it out and keep talking about when new ones come in We send them out just so everybody can kind of see them and put them out in the forefront Thank you. Yep. Any other questions about the content part at all or testimonials or anything? Okay, cool. Oh Cool page number eight. I forgot two other things Nothing number eight or see my page number eight in the content piece is you want to aggregate the problem or yeah aggregate the problem So what's the problem that your person's having? Okay, so first with dot com stickers local was kind of interesting because there's been four or five people that have really done a good job in the last two years teaching like local marketing right what's different from ours versus everybody else's and so The newest version of the webinar if you saw ours We actually hand sketched out this whole like storyboard thing where the first one was um, I wish I would have brought him with me I'll bring him tomorrow. It was a video about About Joe the Joe the the local consultant and Joe's like a little nerdy guy We sketched out a little nerdy guy and then there's like this cute girl Who's like Patty's pet store and Joe's trying to pitch Patty on like being you know why she's hired her as a consultant Can so sketched out an animation we did And the basically was like this is like if you buy any other gurus courses This is what I taught you how to do so, you know Joe walks in things like hey I want to be your inner marketing consultant and and and then he goes on basically saying Yeah, I can do SEO for you know all this kind of stuff and share asking questions and he's like well I've never actually done SEO. Well, I bought the course last week Well, I in kind of like you know what most people actually struggle with so that was like that's what most people's courses are They said now you become dot com secrets consultant. Here's the difference when you have doc on secrets Joe come in He's a big huge muscle dude He comes in he pitches patty's pet store and he knows the answer every single question and all the differences that we provide as a company So we played off of that okay, so we showed the problem with every if you bought any other gurus courses This is the problem. You're probably facing is it not right and most people like yeah, I'm facing that problem Okay, and I don't have this that I have this that are this with differences with us You can do this over here case for find that problem aggravating aggravating aggravating and showing what our solution is going to be Okay, if you get any good copywriting, it's all about finding a problem aggravating it and then providing a solution John Carlton Told a story one time that I heard about he wrote a product for Men's balding product and he said that if you would have read that sales letter and you were bald men And you would have been completely fine with being bald ahead of time after you read that sales letter You'd be so self-conscious about the fact you were bald you'd be freaking out you want to buy that product Okay, and he says that's the whole goal is it's find that problem just aggravate aggravated aggravated We do that gets people like really freaking out. Okay, so so Create a problem and aggravate it and then this is one This is one that I've been doing that works really good. It's called opening a math loop I'm gonna switch What's the trick to switch over to PowerPoint? This way input This something I started doing with one of my presentations Actually case first time ever did it was with First time ever did it was with a product we created Is it off off It's off, okay, I'll draw this out. Well, I'm good. So the very first time I ever did this was with a product We're teaching people about residual income. Okay, so basically it was a site where we were selling people done for you membership sites So you have membership site your membership site you have a membership site So this is this is kind of like a long journey It hopefully doesn't make sense to you guys conceptually because it works so great if you can put it in your product Some people can't but if you can figure out a way to get work it works so good So the way I pitch in the sales letter was basically say, okay, I Have a membership site and it pays me thirty seven dollars a month per member So if I put in one member I get out thirty seven dollars a month if I put in ten members I'm making No Three hundred seventy dollars a month I put in a thousand members making thirty seven thousand dollars a month right? So I put one member in out comes thirty seven dollars. I put ten members in three hundred seventy dollars put in a hundred Thirty seven hundred dollars in a thousand Thirty seven thousand case I show it. So this is my membership site. This is how it works. This is the math behind my membership site now Then I went on this tangent of Now for most of you guys thirty seven thousand dollars a month isn't really realistic doesn't make sense to you You're like, you know, that sounds really nice, but that's not that's like a pie in the sky dream So I want to talk to you guys about really quick or what are your primary bills? What are the primary things you guys struggle with right now? You probably a house payment you're paying. I don't know fifteen hundred two thousand dollars a month for your house payment You've got a car payment you're paying, you know, three hundred six hundred dollars a month You got this and this so what I want to talk to you about is just I want to help you replace your primary income Okay, you want to quit your job. You can't just quit overnight. So let's replace all of your bills What's your first bill? Your first bill is your is your car? Okay, and you're looking at five hundred bucks a month and you're saying car, you know, is your house and you're looking at whatever So what I want you to do is my goal is my first goal is to cover your car payment So if I can give you this membership site and if you get 20 people into the membership site just 20 people not a thousand Just 20 people to join the membership site. You're gonna be making Six what's that seven hundred and forty dollars a month? Okay, so 20 people is gonna replace your car payment Okay, do you think you can get 20 people to sign up for this program? Just 20 people if you get 20 people your car is free now, okay now Okay, so the car payments done now. Let's figure out next thing. So you got your house payment So if we can sign up I don't know that says 50 more people 50 more people that covers your house payment Okay, do you think if I if you spend eight hours a day folks and then she was like 50 people in the next three months He has one person every like third day. Think you can do that if you spend full time doing that. Well, yeah, that makes a lot of sense Okay, okay sweet. So we do that now your car payments test now your house payments done your car payments done Now all the money you make from your job is pure cash Okay, and this thing won't go buy a new car for example. I spot this new Lexus and I'm sat on the things an old Lexus now But when it was brand new when I was selling this thing, right? This Lexus I bought it was $600 a month car payment, but I didn't go pay $600 a month I want to sign up 30 new members that pays for my car. Okay, so I get them start thinking like that like this is the math Beyond how the whole thing works. Okay, so that's the math. I do right here now. This is working I'm gonna show you how I actually do this in my micro continuity presentation So I've done a lot of stage selling in the last few years But back what I was doing at the one presentation I did I did the most volume with was micro continuity and I used a really powerful math clothes in here See Okay, so some of you guys in here familiar with the whole concept of micro continuity It's like building a mini membership site and basically we'd talked about like giving away a free CD and you get someone in They join the program. So I talked about whole concept and I showed I said, let me show you some results So this is one of our products we did called Zubey and This product we sold 4,000 copies of it from the 4,000 people 4,000 people on continuity program paying us I Can't remember the money was so we're basically making hundred six yeah four dollars a month so hundred six thousand dollars a month continuity We're making off these four thousand people we put into there We had hundred eighty six thousand dollars in upsells So basically we made forty six dollars fifty fifty cents for every CD we gave away I used to be really fluid when I'd been given this presentation a lot, but it's been like three years So for every CD we gave away we made forty six dollars I mean a hundred twenty dollars in the continuity income if we soon they stayed on for three months means we average a hundred forty five dollars for Oh hundred forty five on the phones minus the hard cost so we made two hundred fifty nine dollars for every single CD We gave away okay, who thinks they give away a CD Okay, you want a day so that's going there. I say okay Now what if what if you think a Russell you're an internet marketing guru? Of course you gave away stuff So what if you're horrible you suck and you're not gonna sell you only do one third as good as I did with was Zubey Which was one of my worst products ever what do you as third as I did this Thursday? I good that means instead of making two hundred fifty dollars per CD you only make eighty six dollars per CD Okay, that means you totally screw this thing up you bought you up you only make eighty six bucks per CD What does that mean an actual hard number? Let's talk about that the first thing is if you give away one CD a day Do you give away one CD if you spend eight hours a day? Could you give away one CD a day? Do you guys like realistic for most of you guys? Okay? I just want to make sure I'm not like pushing you too hard Okay, if you do that that's a thirty one thousand dollar your job here's making more than thirty thousand or less than thirty thousand dollar year right now Okay, then you can quit your job and give a one CD a day and you're making thirty one thousand dollars a year That's not good again That's if you screw up and you only do a third as good as I do okay now Let's just more math what if you give away two CDs a day Okay, and I know some of you guys need really aggressive you're gonna work twice sorry You've got two CDs a how much money think that is you math that's Sixty-three thousand dollars a year you're gonna make if you go away just two CDs a day You know let's say you guys go crazy and you really want to you want a six figure your business Let's say you go and you give away four CDs a day get so much money that's gonna make I'll make you $126,000 a year by just giving away four CDs a day Do you guys see what I'm doing I'm making this so simple It's like well crap I had eight hours a day to just give away CDs. I could be making a hundred twenty six G's a year That's a lot of money okay, and then again that's so many you never you screw up your is third of good as me And you never sell anything else so talk about that then I go into the next part of my content Which is great now that you you get the process how to give away CD a let me show you a couple ways to give away one CD day And I show one way so I show um here's what we call Man let's get forward. This is called the Oprah traffic method. I share with the Oprah traffic method is We're basically this is back on Oprah still on I show this whole thing about how simple as you get ranked You can give away thousands these from Oprah I'm like now you guys think if you follow that one system you give away at least one CD a day and I can realistically if you fall They give away like a thousand a day so like everyone's like well crap of course. I can wait okay. That's just one thing Let me show you another system Okay, and I go the next one see oh Come on These are like these little tricks I do in the middle to help close the cell talk a little bit So I'm skipping right now just to get things so here's a software right here You can you got you can use to basically get every single thought leader in the world to be blogging about your product Here's how it works who thinks you can use that concept to give me one CD a day Okay, boom if you do that and I spend you another 31,000 dollars a year Let me show you one more so I show them three different ways I can teach my giveaway one CD a day and I'm like and I have 74 others of these as well I still have time to go over all of them right now But think if you should apply just one of those at 31,000 dollars a year you pick four of them You make a hundred grand a year use all 72 of them how much money you be making your business Okay, now I kind of like lead them there and I let them go and then my mind starts wandering like holy crap Okay, so that's what I call my math clothes and so I'm doing that in my content having some kind of math thing Okay, so a lot of times if you're make money product There's a way you can kind of do that and again it's gonna be different for every single person's product This is not something that's like Templatize you have to kind of think about how it would work I see people do it where they're in a process where they're trying to save money like like lowering Lowering your your your tax payments or lowering things like that, you know Dead things so there's different ways you can do it and it may not work for all of you guys that are every Market, but if you can make it work It's very very powerful when you come to your clothes because they've already gotten their head that man I can do this if I just do this one or two simple tasks Okay, we made a lot of money this presentation who here kind of wants to buy this product now just me hinting at it Okay, all right. Well, we got sign-up sheets in the back Okay, yes, you know here. This is kind of cool. This traffic is number 61 So I'm like I'm skipping around like a number four is this number 32 is this number 61 was this I've got 74 of them if you sign up in the back of the room you get all 74 of them Just come on back to me. Okay, and it worked really really good I might make a webinar version this someday soon because it'd be fun Anyway, okay, so that's what I want to show you now. Let me switch back over here Yes, that's what that's what a math opening the loop of the math clothes or open math loop is in the book You read that that kind of in that a network marketing You can you can use that a lot of times if you're selling a network marketing program use their comp plans to do all their magic You know make your numbers work stuff like that Okay, any questions about that at all? I know that's one that's not really as tangible It's like here's step one two and three something you gotta think more about but if you can make it work in your presentation It's gold. I made a lot of money with that presentation Okay All right What time are we at? The 10 o'clock we're still doing good Okay All right page number nine So after you that don't your content you need to do your transition This is my favorite picture on page number nine I went to Google images and I was like looking for stuff And it's all it's this little girl little redheaded girl with a fire hose like shooting air And so anyone who's ever obviously heard me speak you guys would feel it's by the end of today and by the end tomorrow I speak really really fast so I get done and when you're trying to sell something actually the faster You speak the better it is people catch less of it But they feel like the energy and excitement and they want it more so that's why I It's funny when I speak to sell people are like slow down. I'm like if I slow down you will not buy this product And so like Yeah, so I go through this and I do my whole pitch and I said okay Who here feels a little bit like this and I show a little redhead a girl getting fire shot with a fire hose and everyone laughs Oh, yeah, we feel like that. Okay. Okay. Well, let me ask you a question. Okay. That's always my transition Let me ask you a question. How would you like to blah blah blah blah blah? Okay, so from micro continuity be like how would you like for me to take all this effort off your hands? How would you like for me just to give you all my systems? Okay, instead of you going out and building 74 traffic system studying $500,000 in courses and spending six years and how do I can just to give you everything I just created? Okay, that's my transition. How do you go from like from from I understand this whole thing It seems really really cool to make this really easy for you. Okay During your content piece, it's almost better to kind of overwhelm them a little bit with just we want to make sure We want them to think it's gonna be very simple We want them to think But man It's gonna take a lot of time and effort because you want them to get excited But then like kind of that feeling of like ah, okay If you get like the excitement plus like the way down feeling at the same time That's when you that's when you you've got in the right spot That's you know, you're gonna be able to close the sale because that's when they want that thing so bad They're nervous they know it's gonna take a lot of effort and your product is the solution is gonna be help take off the Eliviate that those problems for as much as possible. Okay, so for me. I use that picture You don't have to use the picture like that but something that kind of basically transition from away, okay? Yes, can't see right here, but here's my transition statement for Microcontinuity let me ask you a question Okay, and that kind of takes everyone from this whole like no taking no taking no doing you know, take that Okay, let me ask you guys a question They all kind of stop to look up you get your attention again. Okay now you can move on and transition into your into your cells portion, okay All right, so right here's transition All right Okay, any question about the transition at all is obviously pretty simple I'd make sure that whatever you're selling if there's some kind of like done for you element in it It makes the transition close very simple because you have the ability to say something like let me ask you question How would you like to my help me to help you with all this kind of stuff? Okay, because then you have something in there So with micro continuity what we did as we actually created a micro continuity website for everyone and then we gave them all the Traffic systems as well. So like here it's gonna be a long time to build a site. We'll just give you a site It's already done. It's already working. It's already converting plus we give you all the traffic systems Now you just have this whole package of stuff you can go back and do we also have the training all the other stuff So you want to make your own but this way you're in business today, okay? And that gets people really excited