Who else wants to learn how to make a converting webinar that makes money for you 24-7? We'll bring up Russell here again to teach you Okay We're just getting started. You guys feeling good so far? All right. Who's not one cool thing you like an aha moment you've had so far And we had a hot couple Just grab microphones to hear real quick. I'll hear a couple make sure like I'm Like one time we did like the aha moment some guys said something was so unrelated never taught him like are you seriously? Where'd you pull that out of so I'll make sure we're all in the same zone here, but anyway Russell my new favorite thing is open loop math Man, I love that the the one thing I really got out of that was like you boiled it down to giving away one CD So you boiled it down to something just so trivial So you almost like took them out of the presentation and just said look if you can do this one thing And then it like it all tied back together So you got him to say something yes to something like just trivial You know in the in their head and then bam like it just all made sense Yeah, it becomes tangible people at times. It was tangible than they're they're sold. They don't believe it They're not gonna they're not gonna sign up. Okay. Who else has got? Mike there's couple hands right One Raising my micro I can't see yeah the the transition from presentation to sales was pretty powerful My son and I speak at autism conferences and we sell CDs at the back of the room But just the way you transition from let me ask you a question. How would you like to? Take this home with you. It's gonna be real powerful. We just from that alone. I expect to triple my CD sales I'm gonna have to go get a bunch more made so And my son wants to be a public speaker so he's really Really wants to move in that direction, so I appreciate that the worst thing you do is like that awkwardness We're trying to get to your sales pitch. You see like speakers who run train. They're like so I Got this stuff And you get all blushing and they can tell like they're trying to pitch so they got Armand moors actually first and show me that that transition. I'm like, oh, I think that's so much easier It gets you all the awkwardness so Anyone else want a hobby before we go on D? I Open the loop before and as I'm closing that loop I'm opening another loop and as I'm closing that loop I'm opening another loop and I'm reeling them in and that works really Well, because I'm a fisherman so I know it's like real in a man Really awesome Cool. All right, is that good? All right. Okay, so So the very first so my first like The first time I ever went to a seminar was arm and morn's I think it's like his fourth big seminar and I had never been to a seminar The only person I ever met the new internet marketing was Josh We're like, you know in a basement apartment together and like this whole world I thought like, you know, it's like we're these only people in the world doing this thing and I found there's this conference I'm like, this would be so great to meet other internet marketers. I go to conference and I remember the first guy gets up And he starts speaking and he had to sell the package like five grand I see this group people right in the back and I was like, I had no idea I'd never seen this before my whole life and I'm taking notes and I see you guys running back and I start counting You know, they do math I'm like, holy crap and the next I get something speaks the same thing happens I'm like counting and I was like four or five speakers. I was just like this is the coolest thing in the world I got to learn how to do that. So I wanted to learn how to do it, right? And I was like again, I was not like a public speaker. I was very I mean in my in my normal life. I'm really a shy person so anyway I try to figure out how that whole thing works I started going to bunch of training courses and learning bunch of different ways and the very first time I spoke Actually the very first time I lucked out and it kind of did well and it was despite myself They just kind of happen and the group was excited and we had six people bought a thousand bucks and six thousand dollars and The speaker gets half to me three grand. I was like, this is the greatest thing in the world So then I got all cocky and I thought I was the man so I went to southern event right and I'm like, yeah, I'm not a closing back the room They got the presenters like you gotta make sure because you know So I go up there I do my whole my whole thing and it was like a room a little bigger than this and It was that who's ever spoken and just bomb bad Okay, I'm gonna speak like it's the most awkward feeling in the world Yeah, and first five you know, blah blah blah you close you stop and like it's just like stop and crickets And I nobody's budging and like the kind of shelf in their papers around you're just like oh And you just like it was like the worst feeling in the world. I was like screw this. I will never speak again I don't care how much money those guys were making it was like this horrible thing and then And then I bought some of this public speaking course. I tried some webinars I got more and more comfortable with it and I decided to try it a couple more times I started doing it. I was making like okay money doing it But nothing like ever to brag about and I remember I was at Dan Kennedy's seminar and they had like 1200 people in the room And one of my first mentors is in arm and morning He was up on stage and he did his little pitch and he sold and it shocked me like of the 1200 people He had like the biggest table rush like 100 like two or three or 400 people running at the back of the room Pain him two thousand bucks for this thing. He walked it afterwards And he had a stack like this fat of order forms and I was like Dude, how did you do that? And I was actually he had invited me to speak at his event Two weeks later, so I was supposed to be speaking this vent two weeks later And I was like freaking out so I'm like I can't do that How did you do that and and he pulled me side afterwards? He said he said you see how I did my my clothes there at the end I said yeah, he's like it's called the stack and he's like this is how you do the stack and he's playing it for like five minutes Really quick. He's like I don't care what you teach my event He's like clothes with the stack or it's you'll never speak again. I was like, alright, so I go in there I have a presentation. I'm freaking out and I try to remember if we taught me stack I had built out my power points next week going up there I did my whole presentation just like normally did and I did the stack clothes Just followed it to a tee and first time in life. I ever seen table rush people pounding in the back of the table I was the number two seller behind one guy who was giving away free Like flip cameras when they were brand new for every spoke so he beat me out barely Everybody else like I destroyed everyone else and I was like that is the coolest thing in the world So I've never spoken since that day and sold out using the stack because I swear by it I think it's the greatest thing in the history of the world There's a lot of different closing techniques, but I think this is the best I stole it from Armin You ever see him? Thank him for it because it's a great thing in the world. I'm just gonna actually show you The stack with the micro continuity presentation, so you'll kind of see what it is But basically the the main just behind it is the typical speaker comes in and they do they say so you're gonna buy it By my package say you get this plus I'm gonna give you this bonus right here Plus I'm gonna give you this bonus. I'm gonna give you this bonus I'm gonna give you this bonus I'm gonna give you this bonus and the price is five grand or two grand or whatever it is right now in the person's mind The only thing you remember is what? The very last thing the very last bonus I offered you so if that bonus doesn't freakin rock then I'm not gonna justify The law only I remember is this very last thing so Armin says that when you create your slides He's like you go at this you can get this this this is this then you get a bonus Which means you're gonna get a recap this this this is this plus the bonus and I'm gonna give you this bonus over here Which means you're gonna get this this this is plus this bonus plus this bonus and you keep stacking it in the very last slide You show is everything and then you give them the price so the thing that they're buying is everything Okay, so that's kind of the process. I'm gonna show you how I do it in micro continuity Now It was kind of funny if you've ever seen me do this by the end of it people are almost giggling because the stack they see so many Times but pounds of people's head so this is how we were doing if I was if I was speaking to you guys right now Okay, so let me ask you a question who here would like for me to do this whole entire thing for you Okay, most you have awesome. Okay, so what I'm gonna do the first component is that the micro continuity home study course This is the home study course. We actually launched this as an online product a couple years ago And we launched it we only sold a hundred or 200 copies of when we sold out in one minute and 47 seconds Okay, that's how powerful was and we sold us at $5,000. Okay, this is gonna be a part of the package You guys get for free that's component number one is the home study course. Okay. Oh Yes, can't see what I'm showing you and the next thing I Can't see behind me. Come on. Thank you. Okay Everybody else is like what is he talking about? Okay, so this sold out in one minute and 47 seconds You're getting the entire home study course I've only got 30 of them in the back So you're gonna be able to take a home with you from the first 30 people if not we'll ship it out to you But this is the home study course again. We sold us for X amount of dollars right now It's a lot of minute 47 seconds. We only have the limited number. These is powerful So this is the first part of the package. It was a total value of $2,500. All right now Joy Anderson she went through this program and she was a stay-at-home mom Let me tell you her testimonial and I tell her testimonial reading it through right here So again and boom it's strengthening the package because she was at the event that we recorded She went home made a whole bunch of money with her micro seaside. So I'm strengthening component number one It actually works. Here's someone's proof that it actually worked. Okay, boom. Here's an oxen gall He's another person that did it. There's two testimonials. Okay now component number two of my package is Online member retention services you get this cool thing right here So the total value say if you look at everything you get the home study course plus you get the online member retention So total value right now of three thousand four hundred ninety four dollars. Okay, that sound good All right now. I got some special bonuses. I love you guys want to make sure you're happy So component number three I'm gonna give you is the instant traffic systems Okay, so they get all these traffic systems remember I showed you how each one of these things can make you want you know each traffic system would make you one CD sale day here's seventy four and so you play all seventy four of these you get seventy four CD cells a day Okay, I don't even want to do the math on that but I know it's a lot So you get all these traffic systems plus anyone's who create the future you get those for free as well That's component number three. Okay, now Chelsea. She's a 18 year old girl who went through this program and she was just one of our traffic So it's not all seventy four. She's used just one of them and she made three hundred ten CD cells From just one of these traffic systems. Okay, so if you use two or three these you can just imagine how much you can make with it Okay, here's another Jeff Gardner. He's one of our traffic systems again If I was actually doing my clothes, I would read these word for word Okay, you want like your clothes is gonna take you 15 20 30 minutes because you want it's people It's not just me like brushing over like I'm doing right now I got actually Jeff Gardner said as of last week one of my microcontent programs will be $19,500 this week I applied just one of your traffic systems unless the 24 hours sold 30 more copies of my front-end products So in just 24 hours he sold 30 copies remember if you sell one how much you making in a month a year? $30,000 case if you sell 30 just imagine what that is Okay, so total value gains you the microcontinuity get online member attention instant traffic systems So all this stuff fun together now $8,491 okay, but it gets even better. Okay, some point number four is you're gonna get we're gonna give you your very own microcontinuity site Okay, I kind of explain this whole thing is how it all works Boom okay, here's some checks of people we set money to they have their own sites boom boom boom boom Here's testimony of Mike Phil saying about how great it is So again total value is this this you get my country home state course You get the online a member attention get instant traffic system You get a preload of microcontinuity site total value over $13,000 so far okay now component number five me and rich Sheffern during a two-day event you can come to in June Oh, so the total value is $13,488 we normally sell us for $6,000 But you guys have some kind of price drop and this was my favorite price drop I ever did Because early in the presentation I show in my office with like 10 billion books. So this is my my Said this is one of my bonuses they have for you guys It's called to help me fill my shelves bonus or that I bought way too much crap bonus. Okay, so here's my office You know I collect courses there's two shelves. They're kind of empty right now And who has ever bought something that they've never applied so far it's sitting on their bookshelf somewhere Okay, how much you guys mostly has probably spent a couple thousand bucks for that right okay? This is the thing I'm a junkie. I want your courses so bad So what I'll do is I'm gonna actually knock off 50% off my price if you promise to ship me one your old courses I don't care if it's stock real estate personal development Underwater back basket reading I'm into all this crap. So anything you send me back. I'll knock off 50% that sound good Okay, so send me your things in that way. There'll be shelf space on your shelf to put it for the new course in We've got so much weird crap sent back to you guys like crazy stuff like I Love it. Is there so much fun? Okay, so I'm gonna knock off $3,500. If you promise me, okay? This is a this is a promise though when you go back home, you're gonna mail it back to me You guys you guys all promise to that awesome case So we're gonna do that so again the total value microcontent home study course online memory tension instant traffic systems preload of My chronicle site one day of that mean rich total values 13,000 dollars so far, but I got special bonus next 10 minutes Okay, we actually put together a whole bunch of really powerful software programs I showed you some of these during the presentation ones are a common sniper software It's $497 value ones are a verse craigslist ones this total value $6,000 for the software normally sell these individually But I'm gonna give you all these guys for I'm gonna give everyone the software for free For the first 10 and the first 10 minutes Yeah, first 10 minutes in the back room does sound cool. You guys want software for free awesome the back room You're getting it for free. So again, what you're gonna be getting is this Micronomy home study course online memory tension instant traffic system preload of my car inside one day event my car on your software pack Total value $19,000, but I want you on my team So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna break this down into two payments of all our first 10 minutes go So that's kind of how the stack works. You see how that works Okay, so that's how we do the stack I put the I put those slides in the book on page number 10 So you kind of see in there mini we should give you guys kind of how we structure Okay, it's usually here's the main components and here's the value of that bonus make him owns plus bonus number one boom I'm number two, you know and keep adding keep stacking it and You're gonna feel really goofy doing it especially by like the eighth stack You're gonna feel like an idiot and people start giggling but it works so great like I said I won't sell without using this because it works so good. Okay Who's got a question on the stack? No questions, man, I'm a good teacher, right? That I made no sense whatsoever. Okay, so that's the stack So I would recommend any presentation has have built that in because it works like I said It just it's it's made me millions and millions and millions of dollars. I love it. Okay. Now. This is something Next page on page number 12 there's something I love from Dave van Hoos Dave and Dustin and Imran If you guys ever go to have a chance to power day they come out and they build your whole presentation for you And it's amazing And when I was out there one of the things I learned from Dave is one of my favorite things in the world I calls it if all statements. Okay, what he does is What we just did? Let's see Okay, so when you're um Excuse me, you're coming in here and you're building the value so it's gonna be you know It's three thousand dollars plus. Yeah, this is four thousand five thousand six thousand twelve thousand eighteen whatever like where you peek out at the top What he does is very very powerful We started doing it and it works are great And we get the biggest price point before you start doing your price drops you want to stop for a second say okay? So if you get everything in here, it's gonna be nineteen thousand dollars now all this know obviously I'm not gonna charge you nineteen thousand dollars for this but before we go on I want to ask you a question now if all this did If if by if investing in this package if all it did was blah blah blah was change your life We'll late give you the ability to fire your boss if all it did was making extra fifty grand a month If all it did was this would it be worth the twenty thousand dollars? I'm asking right there You know if all I if all it did was this and yes you three of all statements is that right normally for three Yeah, there's only three of all statements Okay, so now I was doing I'm trying to tie it to like their time their money in there Whatever whatever the three major concerns people are gonna have but we're trying to use you're trying to get this top price point Like the 20k or whatever it is you're trying to get them to justify that right now before you do the price drop Okay, if you justify it after you the price drop you miss the whole the whole point of it, right? You want them to justify at the top part so then then head there. Yes, this is worth twenty thousand dollars Then you price drop down. That's like holy crap. Of course. I'll do that for only two thousand dollars I just I just admit it to myself that was worth twenty five thousand dollars. So now I can do right here It's not so if all statements work. Okay, does that make sense? So again at the top thing and what I've been doing lately is like after I show the top one I kind of stopped from it and say now before we go on I know you guys know this isn't gonna be the real price You know, you're not idiots who are some smart people here But before you go I really want you to think about this now You know, I know like you guys trying to change your life. You're sick of your job Whatever it is, so let me just ask you if all this did was do this for you It'd be worth it and wait something now if all this did was give you the ability to give you the vehicle You need to be able to do blah, but it'd be worth it You know if all this did was this would it be worth it? So get three of them say, okay, cool No, now we know it's worth it worth while you guys I'm actually because I want you guys on my team want to help you guys out We're gonna we're gonna make this a lot more affordable That's where I would come back in that's where I would probably in this presentation. That's where I bring back my Help me fill my shelves or about too much crap bonus. That's where I would slip that in after I did the F-all statements Okay, so that's I start price dropping back down now a lot of you guys are gonna think some of the stuff's cheesy and corny I remember the first time I heard Tihar Vekker speak every heard him speak before I thought it was the cheesiest thing in the world So he gets up there. He's a huge board Whiteboard and he like starts this package is like this packet is twenty thousand dollars and writes up there He's like but no, no, no, you like crosses out. He's like nineteen nine nine nine nine nine The next one next one next one is going down. He ends up going down like dollar by dollar It was like a fourteen hour close, right? And at the end of it, he's down to like, you know, a thousand bucks Okay, what was interesting is every single price shop he would do a new group people jump up around the back It's in their heads like well, this is only five grand. I'm in this is a good five grand They're like boom I'm in sweet and he gets down to three grand everyone at three grounds like three grand I'm in sweet and he's dropping it and dropping dropping it different group is qualifying every single time Eventually you get the most of the room and when he did it was amazing It was like probably sixty fifty six percent of the room was gone by the time you got to the bottom It blew my mind and so I was making fun of it first and at the end I was like, huh, that really worked good Okay, so this question was sounds great if you already have a bunch of the stack if you don't how do you build all these things? How'd you build the first thing just make up more stuff? That's the greatest thing about this whole business is all that's like Not make believe but it's like it's just it's not in tangibles, right? So what's your product? Oh, it's my webinar cake why stack right? I Would you stack for me Russell? Okay? I did stack the what I stack I stack free text messaging I stacked free consultation. I stack much stuff like that Okay, if you're in your own though like just feel like what are the what are the different what are the different tangibles that you can offer? You could be an e-book it could be you know For mine, what were the things here? We had So we got So the core package was the DVDs that we gave an online member retention services Which is like a third-party service we outsourced member retention stuff to we just to deal with them Third was traffic systems as part of the main course a lot of it We just took the main course and broke parts out of it because you can like here's a box of everything or you make here's the course And then here's this and you know, so you're breaking parts out and making it seem bigger I'm friends with these guys in the fitness industry. They're doing crazy numbers Selling this e-book and they first sold it they sold it as an e-book and nobody was buying it So they took the e-book it took like the first five chapters and made that the e-book and then chapter six through like 12 They'd be each one like a special report and so when you see the product It's like boom boom like looks like you're getting like the whole library for 30 bucks, right? And it looks great. It's just like the perceived value But it was and people started buying it, but it was still its content was no different It was just the perceived value. It looks a lot more Yeah, so chunk it up pull power parts out. Yeah, because we look at my microcontinuity and instant traffic system for part of the same course We just pulled them out. It's in my two separate things So your question was when I'm when I'm building out my stack and I kind of do something I outsourcing bill into the price Yeah, so first with online member retention services It was another company But it was something very valuable for people who are buying microcontinuity was people who would call your members if they get their car Decline and call them up on the phone and make sure it was good and normally charge like a couple hundred bucks set up fee So we just said hey We'll bring you people if you weigh the set up fee and they said sure it's now became like you know Hey, you know you can get over here for like 300 bucks or we'll skip you for free if you invest in the system And so it worked really good. Yeah, so you need to join ventures with people all day long I've seen people like just for the local people here, you know, you could partner with a with a local printer in your area You could partner with you know, whoever it might be and say Hey, you know, we also may only give you 500 business cards if you you know, whatever whatever makes sense And you join ventures with other people that are that are around you If you're in the industry, you have no other bonuses you can think of like find your potentials JV partners or other people in industry And say hey, do you have any bonuses you can give me Frank Kern built Most of his list was built by he took his core influence DVD He's given away to like a million different things like Dan Kennedy's event He registered for anything that he's ever done He mails you out this DVD and guess what Frank's getting everyone's contact information through that, you know every like bonuses all the time He's just giving away things different people So a lot of marketers have stuff they'll give you because it's good for them It builds up their credibility it adds, you know them to your members area whatever might be and it benefits you as well So if you don't have stuff, it's easy to get stuff or invent stuff interview some people And there's a lot of ways to bulk things up and make it look more valuable Good questions you guys Okay, if all statements We talked about that Okay, pricing stuff talking about my pricing stuff on page number 13 is basically just talking about that like You're building it up and then you're dropping back down and don't you're gonna feel a little cheesy But I promise you works the time that I bombed I still remember one one of the things I said and it'll haunt me forever I said, I'm not gonna be like those other speakers and do the cheesy thing where I build up the price and try to show you I'm like we're all adults here. This is the price and what it is and that's when all the crickets are Crap I guess we're not all adults here. Let me tell you what it's really worth like that's what okay There's reasons why we do all this stuff. It's not because we're like cheese balls because it works So take that for whatever it's worth Okay Guarantees risk reversals. I don't have anything like oh, yeah Just have microphones so keep sorry That's the people home. We're gonna be like tired of me recapping every questions Sorry It's a question on pricing and it really is going back to continuity. Have you found a Sweet spot as far as pricing on your continuity as to keeping them Longer, I mean, I think the ad for continuity stamina from a webinar standpoint. Yeah Different on every industry going to vertical We still like we're 97 bucks a month and how to make money spot, which is good We're trying to get a fitness area and like that would not fly in the area You know in a million years looking like 20 30 bucks in the fitness industry. So a lot of us market dependent We've tried in in our niche a set of tools that we give them on a continuity basis and when we went from $39 down to about $19 we went from two and a half turns to six and I didn't know if that was Problem prevalent in other areas or not if it was that price and sensitive as as to far as renewal or cancellation About a pen a lot of times how they got into like we sell continuity on a webinar that person's gonna stay a lot longer It's been about continuity through like a free plus shipping thing, you know, so it's a lot of like how they're sold The source and there's so many variables. It's hard to just say, you know, one just curious Yeah, one thing I mentioned pricing for webinars as well Because this is probably a good question again, it's all market dependent So a lot of you guys need to price these different prices some of you guys aren't selling like an actual product So we guys are selling, you know, the DC local people you're selling more of a consultant or consultancy so So one pricing strategy what we found is like we Like what in fact who was it you're talking about earlier in the Seminars like when I'm in a room I can sell one price like in a seminar type situation But if I sell the same price on a webinar I get farms every single time It's just a whole different dynamic having a group in a room versus versus like an online webinar When I found like my sweet spot for online webinars is about a thousand bucks if I go above that There's there's for me like a lot of resistance if I go below that there's like almost no resistance We don't something like 700 bucks or 500 bucks like pretty Lynch's I think was 497 and we crushed it so I think a lot of times people mind at least in the internet marketing space or business space like $1,000 is kind of like what they're looking for so you drop below that you see some crazy like numbers are happening You go above that and it kind of like it makes it difficult. So that's like for me I'm usually a thousand bucks or below right now. That's where we're staying We're also in a whole webinar just to sell our continuity program because we did we had one guy Nitch profit classroom if you guys have ever seen them They have a membership site and they've got five or six thousand active members Everyone of them is sold through a webinar and their members never leave like they're on there for 10 12 15 months at a time because they're sold in the webinar and There's there you have an hour to be pre-sold on the benefits of they just never leave and it's amazing We promote it for once family over a year ago and we still get huge commission checks from them So we're starting continuity stuff on a webinar. So there's a lot of things you can sell a lot of different ways to sell it Really quick couple webinar models Obviously the one that that we're talking about today is like do your webinar and the end of it you sell your sell your thing One that's working really good for on Frank Kern right now Is he does the webinar and at the end of webinar is not selling? I think he goes and they fill out like a consultation form fill out form for free consultation one of our success coaches If anyone's ever bought things for me prior to two years ago You saw a lot of those kind of things because after you get that then they get a phone call from someone then sells them I think you sell an eight thousand dollar thing on the phone So if you want to sell something it's higher ticket like that This is a lot of times a really good strategy for the DCS local crew. Yes, you guys know that's the way We're doing it Basically some registers they fill out a form at the end because then you're doing the fault consultation because you're selling you know What you're selling is so Different based on the client things like that. So if you have something that's very customizable This is a good way to do it as well, you know if it's not like a one-stop shop where everyone you're giving them Here's the boxes of stuff. You're you know, well, you know, we're doing this for you in this free if it's customizable This works really good as well Network marketing if you want to see like a really good model working network marketing right now David Fry created I think it's three steps system calm. I think that what it is I have a picture of it here in a little bit but he has a webinar we sells a network marketing program and then After you join the network marketing program you get a link to go to the webinar to get other people in your marketing program It becomes like a viral type thing that you're down like and grow by doing the same thing you're doing and it's working Very very good for me. He's got a couple distributors are blowing it up right now. Yeah Mike microphone check If you go to Tony Robbins event they have like ten dudes wearing hats or mic runners And there's like the red hat the blue hat and then you think everyone sprints to the person and then whoever gets their first wave Is their hats, you know, it's blue Mike and they turn blue Mike on so blue Mike go It's red red Mike On your to your free consultation. Are you still doing a two-step close on that? Are you kind of using the webinar as the one step so the center closer question? Yeah, I'm using the webinar as the center Yeah, the webinar. Yeah, so for you guys Right when we did The seventh year shortcut event earlier this year we talked about the call center scripts We used to use we're so like you have a setter and a closer when the first person's like qualifying getting people ready Then the closer then close them So what he's asking is like do you have the webinar then have a setter get on the phone then the closer and the answer is no We use the webinar as the center. It's the one setting it's setting the criteria Make sure that person's Qualified then they fill out the form and then the person's just calling the closing We're not actually doing that right now in our business. That's how the guys who are doing that's how they're doing it. Yeah This question is walking through the third model. Yeah basically so you have Automated webinar so again, this is called the three-step system So it's really cool like his old concepts like three-step system I do is three steps make money step number one you join and send out cards step number two you get your Registration link for the webinar set number three send all your people to the web webinar registration link and rinse and repeat right So they come in they watch the webinar they register for the webinar They can watch the webinar sounds them sells them on two things on send out cards and it sells them on three-step system I'm like because if you guys who here's like a hardcore network marketers You gotta make it come on It's a cool thing here in this group my goal in life is to join every network marketing company at least once so okay Thank you. Thank you. All right now that it's a cool thing. We can all admit it Okay, so network marketing if you've ever been in it. What's interesting is it's it's and this is for me like spending five years trying to Build an organization. It's way different than internet marketing like it's all based off of You don't make money signing people up. You make money getting that person signed next person up, right? So the sales process half what you're selling them is here's the company But by the way, this is the process okay, you're selling the process more so the process is the same thing you're going through Now this is what you have people come through you send them to the three-step system they watch the webinar They sign up they send people three-step system So they see the sales process they can see it's identified as easy as simple as the solution like that Then people have something can follow and they've just killed it with this I think his webinars kind of dry and didn't really Could be a lot better, but like the system is working really really good So I've talked trash today about that before so I don't mind mentioning it on camera in case he's watching it I'm joking But it's the models the models brilliant. So if you guys network marketing program this works really good So again, you're selling the product and the and the system and then people will come in they join They're happy and then they come back and they drive their people back to the front of it And in theory it becomes this huge pyramid scheme and you're at the top of the pyramid Yeah, I always want to say I think you guys are all thinking but no one wants to say There you go Oh, yeah, he's got me so off topic who wants to join my network mark. I'm in like 12 right now You're in yes, the first one in the back This is so off topic, but it's really funny. So Matt Bay sack he used he used to big events like this all the time right and In their own events we sell his own product Then he's like always have one MLM he'd pitch and this was his pitch is he's like this is the MLM It's really really big Everyone here in this room is gonna be my downline But the first person back is gonna be the first person in my downline second person goes underneath them third person goes below And also you see people like oh like jumping over tables like pushing each other down And like everyone's like everyone else in their downline and it's this huge brutal fight to the back And it happens you see the line and like five or six people in back and they all start like like walking away And then like attrition from behind like before they've even signed up. It's really fascinating So anyway, I'll leave it there came Where we at now we are on your three closes cake So this is where it starts getting really really powerful if you guys watch the dot-com secret local webinar You're kind of see these things happening. So when you were trying to sell someone there are three major things We're trying to to appeal to yeah Yeah, I was not much to talk about you should you should guarantee your product That's not very exciting to talk about so yeah guarantee risk reversal like have a good guarantee Is that lowers people's risk? Yeah, yeah Yeah, I wish there's something more exciting to say about risk reversal Yeah, so there it is. Okay This is like the prolific stuff like the fun stuff's the next slide. So we'll get to there. Okay. All right So there's three there's basically there's three emotions you want to you want to Appeal to when you're trying to sell someone the first is desire This is the most important okay, because all this we buy things based on desire Okay, as much as we think we're logical none of us think things logically we all buy up based off desire Second after we've made the buying decision. We're gonna purchase through desire Then we try to rationalize it logically so when we talk to our spouse next morning We can explain to her why I bought a $200,000 Corvette because logically gets better gas mileage It's bull crap because you want to feel cool driving a $200,000 car, right? Okay, so the first thing is desire second one is logic because everyone we rationalize our things logically and the third one is fear Because fear is gonna get people to take action now. Okay, so the first clothes wealth imagery If you watch the dot-com secrets local webinar the way we did this was really fun so we did the pricing we kind of talked about for a little bit and then I Did it differently because like a lot of times wealth wealth imagery you'll be like like now People talk about I want you to imagine the future what you're you know what your things and look like and stuff like that It's kind of cheesy. I got everybody liked that way So with this with the way we did in doc. I'm serious local that I love it I think it's working really good is the way we did our wealth imagery is we said okay right now I see people signing up and for those of you guys you're starting right now I want to talk to you for a few minutes about your future It's what just happened is that everyone who's already signing up they get that like always talking to me and people haven't signed up like Oh, he's talking to people who are signing up. Okay. I said, okay, so I'm gonna talk to you Those of you guys who who were signing right now want to talk to you about what your future is gonna be like because now your dot-com Secrets local consultant things are gonna be different for you Okay, it's no longer gonna be you have to go talk to your boss for a raise or this and I kind of start doing the wealth imagery Stuff okay to get those images in their mind Okay, and then again the way that I did that position this way was instead of me just saying hey here's imagine what can imagine your future Imagine this I specifically start talking to the action takers of people who are buying and start sharing the wealth imagery with them So everyone who's on the fence is hearing that and they're wanting that as well. Okay, they're like man I wish you know, I haven't signed up yet. Man people are studying up. That's what their future. That's what they're gonna be doing That's what I want to do as well. Okay, so you're trying to like Forecast Mike what's what do you call in coaching? No, no, no when you're when you're a future future Future pacing a future pacing so your future pace talk about what's gonna be happening What the future is gonna look like cuz you want people to see that they see that they're gonna believe it Okay, so the first sale is all selling off a desire. That's the first thing okay As soon as they they've been sold through desire the next thing their heads like oh crap How many just fighters to my wife? How many just fight to my husband? How you know, whatever? So now you got to justify it logically so there's a lot of ways to justify things logically one way is the math clothes Okay, we open the loop with the math earlier You can close it with math loop as well And remember we talked about earlier all you have to do is give away just one CD a day and you're gonna be making blah blah blah blah Can dot com secrets local if you watch that webinar Again the way that I close this is that look and for those of you guys who are nervous about getting started right now We have a 30 day challenge. Okay, and the 30 challenge You can come in and and you know if you wait the goal is make your first sale $2,500 you make that first sale you made more than twice your money back now Obviously a lot of people go through this don't make their money back But guess what D she was able to do it in just three days after the watching the webinar just three days She doubled more than double her money back. Okay, can you imagine that? and so and then I talked about Luke Harlan Luke Harlan he went through the same program and And in the first three days he didn't do it just once or twice He did it three times three times in the first 30 days. He signed the people that means he made 7,000 $7,500 in the first in the first month after joining because of that So I start dropping testimonies of proof and trying to get them logically to explain it so that they can tell the wife Well, hey, this is the deal if it doesn't work for me in the first 30 days I get my money back, but if I do it 30 days, you know, I can double my money my investment back Okay, I'm trying to get them to logically rationalize in their head. Okay That's what a lot of people forget a lot of times we focus on the desire and we forget about the logic The logic is what is what cements that thing? Okay? A lot of times you want things, but you just never get them if you can logically justify why you need to get that It changes the whole whole ballpark. Okay, and the third is scare tactics to close You have to have some kind of thing to get urgency Okay, because the biggest thing people are gonna do especially after watching a two-hour webinar or an hour-long webinar is like Well, I could probably buy this next week or maybe tomorrow I could buy whatever it is. So you have something like you need to be buying this today because of this Can it give you anything when we do like the table rushes in the back It's usually like we've got 30 cup physical copies here Which means you can take them home and we'll ship out everyone else's but there's only 30 back here So one of the first 30 get back there right now Could I heard legends of you doing at armins with the diamond thing? We used to tell that story. This is like The legend of Kurt Christensen. He closed. He was like the leader So more at this event than anyone in the history of the big seminar. That's pull Mike over here I hope that I remember this story right, but I just heard rumors of it for years really wasn't that cool. No, just kidding So We had these ring boxes that we brought up on stage and so that it was like I can't remember the numbers But it was like 20 or 40 ring boxes and the ring boxes inside had the password to immediately get access To the membership site and start building building stuff with it, right? Because when you purchase something online, you know one of the most, you know the the the old famous phrase You see, you know, it's available even if you purchase at 2 a.m. Instantly immediately downloadable right so the seminar one of the big complaints people always have is well I purchased a seminar last weekend and I didn't get the package until you know the next week And I was really excited and I wanted to go through it So we just had these ring boxes put a password inside of it and then put them on the stage and the price it was a $10,000 Seminar and so during the close we just told people well when you know that you want one just come up and take one of the ring boxes and so people were rushing the stage to grab a ring box and we obviously I think we ended up doing four hundred thousand or something like that And and then we did the same thing in London ten days later did 650,000 with the exact same clothes. Yeah, so yeah, it works Let me ask you when you when you did that did you show the ring box in the very beginning of presentation Did you break it out in the middle or how did you do that the ring boxes are part of the open loop? Okay, it's the very beginning. Yeah, so you have them there on stage. You may be allude to it in some some way I can't remember they're tied in the story somehow. I can't that was like five years ago I can't remember but I'm sure I'm sure they're talked about because then they were already on the stage when I went on stage Yeah, that's awesome. Thank you for sharing that David Friday. I saw him do this other day at Joel's event for those guys when you time I seem to do it. You walk the very beginning said this right here This hard this thumb drive is worth. I don't know. I would say a Million dollars is like all this thing are like eight thousand interviews. I've done all the transcripts This is the most valuable thumb drive in the history of the world He gets everyone like folks and they want this thing and it's like they're dreaming about it It's like in the value is like a billion dollars, right? And he goes and gives away one or two of them. It's like really motivational people one guy was Like a marine he gives them one and gives a couple of these things and everyone's like, oh, I wish I had one of those Right, this is whole clothes at the end. He's look. I've got ten key chair I've got ten of these here in the room these normally sell for Thousand bucks first time people back there you get for free so go and everyone's like Flipping out because he made so much value for this thing And we're everything Joe sugarman speak He's the same thing with his these Batman credit cards And he tells this whole story about how he bought these credit cards and he spent all sorts of crazy money on him And you know having a whole like warehouse full and he couldn't use them and then and then he And then I can't remember the rest of the story But basically he ended up selling someone want to eBay and sold for like $800 on eBay So then ever's mind's like this thing now is like worth $800 it is closing at the end of it You got two of Batman cards if you were in anyway I was like running the back because I wanted the Batman cards so bad because the store behind all types of things Okay, so again something you can start at the beginning. We go the free software whatever might be but you scare tactics This is only available to X amount of people or so, you know X amount of time X amount of people X amount of you know, whatever might be a doc I'm secrets local we didn't because it's an automated webinar We didn't want to say only for the first hundred people because that's not true We didn't want to lie so what we did with that one is basically said This is a two-part project right now part number one is to get consultants and part number two is really to start focusing on On the growth of the consultants. We said right now this spot is open and it's Available now, but it's not gonna be available forever Could it could end today could it tomorrow might be in a year from now But this this is the finite period of time and you got a chance right now to get in So that's how we kind of prefaced it for that one so people like man I need to get in now because it could be gone soon. Do you have a question or comment? What do you do with in those situations where you know Like you've got the little thumb drive and you've got ten of them You got a hundred people in the room and fifty go run into the back of the room Did you actually have fifty back there then that you give it everybody or what do you do? I'm just kidding. I lie. Let's start a relationship off on the lie. No There's pros and cons that there's a lot of ways to do it a lot of I've heard a lot of methodologies For me what I found I stopped bringing product to events because I found whatever I had in the back of the room I sold exactly that number. It was really weird and So if I do I if I do bring product I always prefaced it ahead of time like You know we will shoot you know if if you're not on the first time we're ship us out to you But just if anyone starts today, you know the first ten are back there And then again we'll ship everyone else the physical copy But it could be a week could be two weeks before you get it But you just follow off something like that just to cause like the rush and again on a webinar It's a similar kind of thing Another thing we're surely good on webinars the reason I bring in Lynch's webinar is so good for us I mean it wasn't automated webinars live webinar, but what's cool is that she was gonna do a six-week live training course It was starting like the next Monday, so like on Thursday. I'm like this starts Monday like you gotta get it now And then you know Friday it starts Monday Saturday Sunday Monday starting today. This is your last shot It starts like in an hour So if you want to buy it and that kind of urgency is really really good So if any kind of live component piggybacking the live right after works really really good And there's a lot of ways to do scarcity, but it's it's it's really important Okay, so again those are the those are the three things your wealth imagery clothes your math clothes and your scare tactics clothes He doesn't any questions about those specifically at all. Yep. Mike's back here Mike On the slamming the doors shut thing, you know on the software stuff They're selling all the time and they all do it now where they say we're you know We're gonna shut the doors on you know two days from now You know they got a million copies of the stuff and they you know They shut it down for a while and they open it back up. Does that work? Well or Unfortunately does that's why people get kind of talk you get kind of tired of it. Oh, yeah, right? You know, you know, it's plus it's a lot of electronic products, you know, you know, they got a million of them So yeah, it works good if a lot of us can be like that the trend you set with your list like for example Frank Kern's probably the best of this because he does a big launch They pulls it off and then he doesn't sell it again like five years And he launches for like a weekend and he pulls it off and so people like actually believe now because he really does it I'm friends with another guy who every day does that and he's never pulled any product down ever So you kind of get both for me like I'm I spend so much time building each product each offer Like I'm in love with them at the end of it So I never want to take him down So I never say that because I like for me it's art and I want to make sure that websites there forever So I've never done that so it's just kind of your personal preference But if you're if you're legitimately doing it legitimately do it and you'll train your audience to jump You know I said Frank right now first time we brought one of his things Maybe so angry So as a first time launch mass control, I sent out one email the day of the launch the first 30 It was under 28 minutes. We made $30,000 in affiliate commissions and $60,000 in sales I said this is gonna be a hundred thousand dollar hour as an affiliate which never happened to me before And 20 30 minutes into it. He pulled down the site and didn't open up another year and a half And I was so angry I was like do you know much money you boss me like most of my list hasn't got the email yet It's already shut down But he's trained his people that way and they jump and they're ready So it's all about a lot of like how you're training your audience to react and not react and stuff like that. So yep With a logic close Using math would be good for a make money product or maybe a lose weight product What would be some examples of logic clothes for a product outside of those? Okay, a lot of them was like what the mind they're investing in something so Like I think you said doc comes here slow I think we use as well a lot of people stack like we might use three logic closes And you know sweet stacks sometimes but like one of the things we use right now It's they look right out this the best makes me make a lot of it's a thousand dollars makes me make a lot of money to you but the reality is One way or another you're gonna pay that money you're gonna pay to me right now And it's a short cut out that learning you're gonna pay at least that much in trial and error in trying this and testing that All these other things that are gonna be happening So the reality is this is gonna save you a lot more money long term than you try to spend the next year two years three years Trying to figure this out on your own so that's what when we use a lot that kind of would work with I think most anything Just justify the price that help Yeah, yeah, yeah times a big thing Shortcutting and you know helping through the trial and the errors and the you know potential traps all the other stuff that could be happening They're gonna save by short cutting with you good the questions at all Okay, make sure those are there for any guys you're doing like sales letters or sales videos or anything else These elements are talking about they are the same and like all these different type of things You know in sales video we make sure we have three three closes and sales letter three closes and you know all those things like it's How it's how you sell desire logic and fear okay? All right page number 16 This is called your offer slide now something to learn from from Dustin actually. Oh, yeah your question Um Russell one thing I've always had issues with integrity is really really important to me and with my community and it's something that I Am very open and honest with like my people trust me And so I'm wondering if you can give us some more examples of the scarcity without sounding cheesy and Really being a hundred percent in integrity and still make a lot of money Yeah, okay I'm gonna actually I'm gonna say one thing you're quick the longer the faster I have a couple other people's ideas One one that's in arm and more and do a lot which is good. He just says when it's gone It's gone. It's always says run the back the room when he's gone. It's gone He's not tying it to anything. He's not just saying we're gone. They're gone and it's kind of like a vague And it works great for him What about Automated webinar because I think that's the thing that's kind of sticky for me like I have no problem doing a live one But an automated one where you're saying, you know only 100 or you know This is coming down in two weeks and meanwhile it's like three months later and it's still up I just doesn't say say that again for mine what we said ours is this is part of a two-step process Which it is definitely one we're getting new IMA's and step number two We're gonna be focusing on something else. This is the two-part process and I'm not sure if it's closing out today or tomorrow Year from now, but it will be closing down in the future more if it's not you know again say This is not closing down, but this is it could be like Like the first person gets in on something is always gonna do better than someone comes in a year from now six years from now It's like hey, you know you can sign up in a year from now. It's cool But you sign up for a year from now you've lost a year of your life You could have been having all these different strategies all the things that you could have been doing in a year from now So, you know things like that you kind of tie in I see we'll have some ideas back here look like So that's why I throw in some ideas that yeah, could be more expensive later the price may go up Yeah One first off to understand when you use the word integrity. It's relative right like integrity That's the truth of it so yeah when you anyway, so one of the things that That I've done that feels in integrity for me is I'll set a time limit for something and say this offer is available for this long But it's not that I shut it down at the end of that time But I know that's the end of the sequence that they're gonna hear about the offer So if my follow-up sequence is four days, let's say well, then there's a four-day window They can take advantage of that offer for four days Well if they but I know if they happen to click on the email a week later or whatever they the offer is still there But I'm only gonna be telling them about it for four days Does that make sense? So there that is an integrity for me in that case No, so but what all I'm saying is doesn't have to be an integrity for you But you can get creative and think of ways that are an integrity integrity for you make sense Josh's got a comment back behind you All right, so this might work for you And I guess I have just had this epiphany and I'm not gonna give it all away, sorry Josh always holds things back Essentially if you want to limit an offer what you need to do is you need to rotate a coupon and the coupon needs to be Date-based coupon and so when you're talking about automation you can automate this But you need to manage it and so you could have a coupon that only works for a certain period of time You can rotate different webinars with different coupons and essentially people are watching that webinar during that period of time You say it expires on this date and someone might be watching a week ahead of time or they may be watching one day before the expiration So that person who watches the webinar would have to return again Watch the entire presentation and be presented with the coupon that expires on that date and that's a hook And so you can you can legitimately use that to limit the or to cause some scarcity That's pretty cool One of these powerful people always want to get a deal so they go to your order form is two grand But they put in this code as a thousand that probably help a lot more than just here's an order form of thousand One of the things if you are a person of integrity then do what you say you're gonna do But if they click on that link if you don't take it down and they click on it Well, this offer it has expired, but it will take them to another link. Well, that one's done But this is what we're offering this week or this is what we're offering this month and just have it So you're taking it down when you say you are But in order to take advantage of the people who are looking for something you've got something else in its place You kid I'm sure both automated software you probably build in like when you talk about sequence How the four-day sequence and after days five like just the order link expires that would probably something pretty simple So a great feedback he has Yeah One of the things we use as The scarcity is we can only handle our support people can only handle x number of people per month We set that at a high enough number that we know we're not gonna reach that number in the month so we're telling the truth and We drop it on each webinar will change just that one slide as to how many more are available and So over the process of the month will do a webinar once a week for example It'll start off at maybe 50 and go to 35 and to 20 and then to 15 and so we're telling them the truth The next month we can start over at the number we want to start over It's called the principles of influence by Robert Chialdini and he talks about that in pretty good detail He talks about a sleuth using scarcity and being a sleuth of the principle or a thief of the principle and It's a it's a real good read because it'll it'll kind of guide you and Still allow you to maintain your tag integrity, but still use those principles Just if you're worried about the integrity of it you really he can really point you in the right direction in that book So it's really it's really good read for that and it's it's very it was very helpful for me The principles of influence psychology influence psychology. He has a couple of them But it's Robert Chialdini. I think it's CAIL you guys a lot of you probably have read it so I'll just throw it out That's what I used to do So I would do a business credit presentation and I one of the things I included in my offer was 30-minute to consult with me Which the reality is like 1% actually will actually take that up a love the idea of hand-holding So I would say look, you know, there's built I can't be on the phone with everybody There's a lot of people on this call I can't be on the phone with everybody so the for the first five people that take action They're gonna get that and then I would go through like my bonuses and things and I say you know look You know what make sure everyone gets access to this So if you guys would agree with me the first five people are gonna get the first five spots Then everyone else at Bison I can still get advantage of that and take take advantage But you're gonna go into the queue so if that helps you you could still have that scarcity in there And then at the end, you know still make them feel good for taking action and make the first five people feel good Because they get the priority access First I want to thank everybody for all their ideas. I really appreciate it because I think I don't know what your name is Is it Justin Justin, you know, everybody has a different level of integrity and you know, so I think no, sorry that didn't come out right No No, no, no, I thought that those were the words you use but that is not what you used. I'm sorry I Take this back. I think everybody has a different definition for that and And and everyone you know you have to feel comfortable and I know that when you and I a whole bunch of us went out for dinner I told you the story about when my dad was on life support and almost died and I share that with my hundred thousand list and Everybody prayed for my dad. So now every time I send an email to my list. It really comes from my heart So for me, it's like sending an email to a friend. So the intent that's where my integrity comes from It's something, you know, honestly before my dad was on life support. I would the emails were different than what they are now So that's why So he's fine now by the way, he recovered a hundred percent But my point is that's where I come from when I'm doing, you know, these emails and stuff It really truly has to come from a place where it's really genuine and it's you know I would actually come out and say I want you to buy it now And so this is the bribe for you to get it right now and they'll know that I'm coming from my heart It's like come on get on this now and get it because it's really great and And my list is very very responsive So I just appreciate everybody taking the time because it's kind of getting my wheels, you know Like yours your your you had yours and everyone had different things and so it's just kind of not necessarily exactly that way But maybe a few different things. So thank you Yeah, just one last comment on that whole idea, especially in scarcity if you can tie in Your scarcity has some hidden selfish benefit for you as a product owner It comes across as more believable because it it is believable, right? So like for example mine is I talk about during this whole presentation how I Have an investing system. So I want to put more money to this investing system and I keep talking about well What if you put in $25,000 etc etc and then at the end of the presentation the the there's 25 slots Well in the 25 slots or how I raised the $25,000 and I close that loop like reminded them remember when we talked about that earlier That's exactly how I'm doing so there's a selfish reason and it ties in and it ties into the Scarcity which is a you know a support issue like like like he mentioned because I really can't handle more than that So it all it all ties in as part of the same story I Kind of taken stealing from your IMA training If you're working with something that's got location specific Or niche specific I can promote that I can only work with three chiropractors in Apple Valley Well, I can also work with three chiropractors in Burnsville Because that's a local type of thing where people don't drive a long ways generally And I can also work with cosmetic dentists, you know three cosmetic dentists in Apple Valley and and three liars in Apple Valley and you know just It's almost unlimited what the market is and yet you can you know Put it to him that do you want to be trying to figure this out? While your competition is getting up to number one on Google Or do you want to be sitting there jumping ahead of them while they're trying to figure it out? Erich goes to stuff really good makes it really easy so Yeah What does your area mean cool okay, let's keep going we're gonna run out of time okay, so next thing page number 16 is your offer slide Now when I went to my power day with with Dustin and Dave those guys One thing that really struck me that was interesting is that when they built anyone's presentation This is the very first slide they built out of the entire presentation was the offer slide And then they work backwards from there And since I started in the whole timeline thing we build it all out like that's exactly the same thing you build out this slide first Oh, it's in your book page 16 bill this slide first and then and then move forward from there So that's basically your office that looks like one thing we found Most automated where's webinar software some like thing where your order form can pop up and things like that But it's always weird issues on people that like have you know windows 98 and thing doesn't work anymore So we always make sure like on our offer slide. We also have a url. They can go to That's just kind of something we found is help conversions a lot But then basically we have in here. Here's a recap. So just like the stack size It's this slide has everything in here. So you build out the entire thing I think we spent like an hour when I went out there to the power to build now this slide having they could well So what else can you offer? What else can you offer? What else can you offer and build all these other things and making our entire package? Well, here's the whole package We signed a value every single thing in the package and looked at what the whole thing was that now is the very first slide then from there We can reverse engineer and build the whole rest of it out. Okay, and one thing that was really powerful that um They also talked about when we're out there was making sure each of these these things don't just say You know a red marker and you get a blue marker and if you act now you get a green marker too We're gonna make sure these are all benefit driven So the benefit is this blue marker that the cool thing out is blue marker is the fact that it can draw Blue things that'll help you blah blah blah and red markers gonna be able to do whatever Okay, so all these like lines here. They're benefit driven So even the top right here like the first time we did this presentation was dock on stickers local And then went back to my audio from my power day and remember Dustin was talking about We did the underachiever freedom system I was like crap like dock on stickers local is one thing but the dock on stickers local freedom system is way cool It's just get people free right to change that to be a benefit driven thing And I started going back through here and change all these to become benefit driven as well as you know My bottom ones aren't because I was getting tired that night it was like four in the morning That's probably something in the next iteration will go back through things like lawyer in a box deep-pocket GPS at power package Probably make those more benefit driven text as opposed to just the feature because benefits sell not the features. What's that? Yes one at a time Any lawyers in the room? Someone said that it was not me I swear Yeah, then they're loud Okay, so that that is your your slides again if you're starting over if you're building scratch That's where you start out is your is your your offer slide you build backwards Okay next section this is something we added into the automated webinar after the very first This is one of the very first things we added into our webinar And it had a huge impact on sales and all we did is we were getting all these questions people were Responding back to us watching the webinar the first time so much so we could our sport can even handle We get so many questions back So took all these questions We made a list of like here they all are and they all kind of broke down to like five or six or seven core questions So we did in our webinar You act like the webinar timeline Is I'm not sure there's a transition Here's the stack we'll stack in here and then this is kind of where we show the price and those other things happening Then we open up the section where it's just basically FAQ and said okay We got a lot of questions coming in right now I don't have time to answer every single one So we kind of compile a bunch of them together These are the answers to the questions and then I basically went through and just answered all the questions people were having through watching our Webinar and the concerns people are having similar to what we did back in the The content section where you're finding out people's concerns and resolving them We are re-resolving here in the Q&A section came during the Q&A section We had up a slide that had all the order information on pricing and just be talking okay The first question I have right here is from so-and-so and he's asking about the about the refund policy What's the refund policy? Well? I mentioned earlier there's a 60-day refund policy So that means if you don't make money six days just refund your money and you know we part of his friends If we don't make money you shouldn't make money okay now the second question We have right here a lot of people were asking me about this and I started going through all these questions and answering I spent probably 20 minutes just answering questions like that and I obviously tied them back to like the things I wanted to re-emphasize as well So like if I wanted to make sure we re-emphasize 30-day challenge where people make their money back in 30 days I talked a lot about that and I put those questions in there okay, but there's realistically probably five or six questions that everyone watching your webinar Has so if you put those if you list out what those are and just pack that on to end your webinar That was a huge lift in our in our response just adding those in there nothing difficult just Responding to questions that people were asking So the freak ask questions was really really good To anything else I want to mention about that If you don't have any freak last questions yet You probably know kind of what people are asking so you can build it off of that as well Again new ones come in just you know we get a lot of the same question We just kind of go back through and add it back in so we have a whole section there at the end And then what one thing we added also did really well is we added the very end of testimonial rush So after I got through all the frequently asked questions I know a lot of people been on this webinar for a long time They may have forgotten like what the whole offer was and stuff like that so come back again and say basically don't forget when you sign up right now This is where you're gonna get you're gonna get I show again again one more stack Here's everything one more time and then I say when you get this You're gonna have a chance to become like D and become like Russell become like all these other people I do a testimony rush for I show all the testimonials. I've been showing them throughout the whole entire Presentation I'm rushing him again, right then it's like probably two to three minutes I'm saying you can go forget Luke did this his first 30 days and so and so did this and so and so did this And so so this I kind of rushed him really quick in this re kind of re anchoring all the things that all the testimonials They had it earlier and bringing them back again one last time So they kind of see them all one more time and then we close at the end So we did we call it a testimonial rush I Works really really well good as well testimonial rush Okay, that's pretty simple okay, so that was that was made the most stuff we did for our webinar the very first time through then When was it when was Dustin when was your guys event that we went to out in California that a month ago or two months ago Yeah, the two months ago No, the one that you guys had that I November yes last month they did a big event out in California and I went out there and I talked about webinars and stuff and then Afterwards there's a guy named Ted Thomas there. Who here's here's ever seen Ted or no Ted Thomas? Okay, so he wants to not a minute webinar He was gonna actually try to be here this weekend and then he had another event he his own event He couldn't break out of but he basically asked me a bunch of stuff about webinars We were talking and he asked me come lunch with them and we come lunch He said Russell over here I want to teach you the one strategy is gonna make you more money anything you've ever done before he says the concept called trial closes and He gave me this little piece paper about it a book about it spent about half an hour kind of explain the concept to me I said that's interesting. So I'm back home took our automated webinar. This is like a four-day process I listened to the entire webinar and I listened for places I can insert trial clothes and not explain those are here in a second I listened to him and I started diet like mapping him out So you can see here. I have four pages inside here guys three pages of that So one minute 05 I inserted a trial close the woman 21 insert trial clothes at 207 is your trial closed 305 And with the entire webinar add all these different trial closes in it add a whole thing in there And I'll explain you what was already made it but our Conversion our webinar went up 75% just from inserting the trial closes. Okay, so let me explain you what a trial Who also went to our clothes is Okay, who thinks I just did want you right there. Okay, so we're trial closes The goal of a trial closes to get is to get people's heads to nod, right? This kind of a Ted told me so you want to get people's heads to nod and Ted's famous You guys are speak they call them the the pied piper It said like he'll be speak and like the whole audience be what following him back in the room Let's follow get ever's credit card like close the entire room He's just through his trial closes so trial clothes is I'm trying like get you guys to say yes as quick as I can and keep you Saying yes, why are you guys shaking your heads and nodding your heads like this? Okay throughout the presentation? Okay, so For example, if you look right here, I'm gonna recently try to close this You'll see what I'm doing in white. I'm trying you guys again get your heads to nod. Yes The first one's a minute or five. I said so that's why I'm so excited for this webinar. Are you guys ready for this? Okay, I just asked you this question. You're like, yeah, I'm ready for so he's not yet Are you are you if this is exact same changes the bout happened to you boom? I still know trial closing there the minute 21 I Showed these case study and I threw a trial close and I didn't write out the trial clothes here But it's probably something like can you imagine would be like to be like D three days from now watching this webinar And then making your very first cell Trial close can you see how the software's gonna shortcut your success? Do you want a free copy of it? Just stay on 10. I'm an email you copy. Does that sound good? I go on and on in fact. I got so blatant here. I was having some fun with it If you write a minute 447 My trial closes this if you want these results right now the nod your head. Yes, so I know I can't see you I want to make sure that you're participating in this webinar. It's very important Don't you think so nod your head? Yes right now if you're interested in this Okay, so I'm trying to get everyone to nod their head I keep saying again There's three pages here of just trial clothes. I inserted it all throughout now again A trial close is basically a question where you try to get them to say yes without them actually saying yes I say it but I keep moving on. I don't I don't really like Like remain on the topic and say it and keep going on okay the best times you trial closes anytime you do a testimonial most people Destroy that their testimonial they show the testimony or then they go on the next thing the best thing you show the testimonial You know so and so D made out some money, but this is that awesome You imagine would be like to do that in your life right now What would your life be like if in three days now this happened to you? Okay, can you imagine like what would your family think about that? Okay, just drop like five of them right there in a row Okay, so I want to get I want you guys not just to brush past testimonials They say testimonial and then get people to think about it get them not yeah, that would be cool You imagine how cool that would be so any kind of testimony you want to do it anytime you have like a feature of benefit So anytime we start going through like the first thing is the lawyer in the box So we get a lawyer boxing at this this is this I think that's gonna save you a lot of money in the long run if I'm paying your lawyer fee instead of you're paying it yeah, I think so I think it's gonna help with all of us right so I'm dropping these trial closes all throughout so again this 19 through 21 is kind of my cheat sheet of all the trial closes I jammed into our webinar that gave us a 75% increase on conversions that pretty cool Okay Again, this is one of things like I always thought was cheesy and dorky, but it works really really good Watch the good speakers when they speak and you'll see them doing this a lot I might do it more and more like in my everyday life now, which is kind of weird I know this dust and does it to me all the time too and at first I know what he's doing But now I know and I can like catch them every once in a while But when you get good at like you'll start doing all time because it works really good No, I think and like you're talking to your spouse or whatever and you want state Yeah, yeah, so I'm doing my wife now. She doesn't even know what's happening So make sure she never finds out but it works really good Anyway, if you read through those you see you see a bunch of them You mean something like wasn't that cool? What do you think about that? Does that sound good? Would your family impressed with those kind of profits? I don't mind would be Are you ready live that exact same dream? If you're a rash yourself if you're an ash yourself that am I right? Do you really so much opportunities waiting for you right now? Would your income be like with that kind of an income be like getting an immediate raise for you? Do you already have that desire for change anyway? There's a whole bunch of them again I would try to slip them in where like it didn't sound like I was like You know cheesy sales person, but I was like little Jim a legitimate like I shared testimony like isn't that awesome this thing cool Anyway, that's how we hook them in so trial closes are awesome I've never done them like in my webinar like from very beginning. I've only done like inserting men afterwards So it's the type of things that's gonna be if you're doing it first time It's gonna be difficult to kind of do so what Ted Thomas told me said when you speak on stage the first time He's like get a bunch of trial closes He's like lame all over the stage and when you're talking just look down every time you see one Then I do a trial clothes and I'm talking again You see next one do a little trial clothes and you start getting in the habit of it So when you're doing your webinar the first time You know I would You know when you record in the webinar the way I don't know how ever is part of the different I just open up can't Asia I get that one slide and I just keep re-recording that slide I have it perfect and then at the end of it I try to drop a trial closer or two before I switch on the next slide and my brother he does all our video stuff He just listens these watches, you know one slide like ten times in a row He gets the very last one that cuts everything else out and then just edits that down and boom He knows exactly which one was the which one was the good the slide that we want to use in the thing A lot of you guys when you're doing your automated webinars You have to either get good at Camtasia or find something that's good at Camtasia You know video editing because especially start splicing things in you're trying things because Most you guys aren't gonna want to down for an hour and just bust out your webinar and then kids done because there's so many little things They you don't think about naturally so for me like each my slides. I have my slide. I have my notes. She here's a couple trial clothes I'm gonna try to throw in this slide. Here's the story Whatever it is then boom I record just that slide with the voice inflections. I want The trial clothes I want until it's just perfect and then go to the next slide can focus this one So my video ends up like the the first time I did the the dot-com secrets local webinar I was in the office. I went in like after everyone left at night I was there from probably six at night till five or six in the morning It's almost 12 hours I think I'd like five or six hours of like Camtasia video time that was recorded and I'd give Scott the next day and he's been like How long do you remember how long you spent editing that? He was a nightmare, huh? Yeah, it took a couple days from just cutting out all the crap They got down to the core version which we ran with and then I did the trial clothes I just got my microphone out and I recorded all these things. That's why I'm so excited for this webinar So you guys ready for this? I guess right if the same changes about to happen to you Then he took all those things and just spliced them in there and he came back afterwards and said okay These three right here your voice inflection didn't match the words prior so it was like me going hey, how's it going? Isn't that awesome? So he's like you gotta change that one again So he came back in this you got to re-record all these ones and I make your inflection drop from here to here And then I record all those and he splices in and then boom we had bad next version of webinar In fact, that's why I was gonna kind of come in that give you guys Here's our PowerPoints the whole webinar But we don't have like one version of the PowerPoints in my dot-com stickers local webinar because we've done so many variations And so many like it's like 40 different files But that's kind of how these things work again the whole goal is not to get a perfect day number one It's a process it's doing the first webinar and then tweaking things and changing things and adding testimonials And so it's important to learn Camtasia find someone who can who can do some video editing for you To be able to splice things and tweak things and change things that makes sense cool, okay, so trial closes and I think that was Most of the stuff I want to talk about webinars, okay So we're gonna do I'm gonna talk a couple of minutes I just want to get you guys an outline for what the rest is happening today like Mike said we're gonna go to lunch here in a Few minutes after lunch, I'm gonna be talking about the automated webinar sales process So this first half is like how to like design your webinar next house gonna be here's the sales process Tonight we're gonna start talking about traffic and then tomorrow's gonna be all day just hardcore about traffic So that's kind of the the game plan in case you're curious what's happening today and tomorrow Let's see we're at 1130. Let's do this. I want to I want to kind of build someone's webinar really quick in next like 20 minutes Just from a conceptual timeline standpoint like this So who wants to be who's got a product already done but needs a webinar that wants to volunteer You're done. Have you come back? Okay come on up. Yes you Have any chairs we can bring up Okay The reason I want to do this is because like I said with Joe side with your size still here. Is he gone I Went to the office we can put him back to work So just size the one that when we did this web was that okay when I did a webinar a couple weeks So that we had busted the whole thing out an hour he's gonna film the whole thing I was whiteboarding it out and I just want to show you guys kind of how I whiteboard out the idea So hopefully it'll give you guys see my process and you guys can kind of copy it or take or whatever We have any chairs we can give her to sit down Oh Okay Welcome how you doing? Thanks for being our first volunteer. Absolutely. Okay, so what I'm gonna do first is Tell me what your product is Oxytocin factor. It's a stress relief supplement. Okay, so oxytocin factors stress was it sell for about 49 95 Okay, cool. So the first thing I'm gonna find out so I'm gonna go through this this this Timeline on page number two you guys the very first thing I want to find out from her is kind of what the hooks gonna be That's gonna dictate all the rest of the the rest of the kind of the storyboard So what's the big hook of the big exciting to get someone to be want to be on a webinar? To find out on the webinar to find out how to reduce the stress in their life improve their health their well-being their relationships Reduce disease Okay, so a lot of stuff lots of stuff. What's the big thing? What's the one thing that's like majority people get holy cow There's something maybe there's too many the one thing feels good to be happy be happy, okay You want to handle something tangible what's something tangible? Thank you ten years Let's do something like not even though it's like 9.6 years to your life or something I It's true if you say like you can make a million dollars a year You say make one point two four three million dollars and sixty three cents. It sounds more believable I don't okay, so that's the thing so and I don't show that's the best hook or not the best hook And you might even have multiple hooks like one thing we're doing ours right now And I'll talk about this in the next section We're having multiple different landing pages all of different hooks to get someone onto the webinar So our webinars discuss a lot of different things and one thing that gets you excited is not gonna get you excited Okay, so we have different landing pages pulling off different hooks We can test a lot of different things with the webinars pretty much gonna be the same no matter what okay So that's the first thing now we come back here the timeline Main thing right here. We're gonna be building out is the offer slide. So what is your offer? What are they getting? The tangible product yeah a bottle of Sublingual drops of oxytocin factor that contains a hormone that will reduce their body stress response Okay, cool. So they're getting a bottle of supplements. Okay, what else can we get we got to do a stack here? So what else clean we bundle in there? Let's do Some massage therapy Yeah But I want you guys to think about this too because this is like the process we can begin things up for you So yeah, we have several free reports. Absolutely. Thanks. Not a free for a premium. We have we do have a monthly subscription But that's actually for the supplement Meditation CD Okay, wait a blanket. Okay, cool. So the first thing I'm gonna do is I'm gonna build out this whole slide Obviously not gonna get up PowerPoint down and build it But like you build a whole here's the whole offer slide everything that you're gonna have in there, right? Okay, so that's the first the first step of this now. I'm gonna start building my stack backwards Okay, so the first thing like what like let's just pick was because my timeline's like this big and I got a fat marker Let's just do two bonuses. So one of the bonuses is gonna be like right here See I'll put it down here one bonus to be right here and I don't really care Let's just say this is the CD bonus and this is the massage bonus, right? Okay, so there's there's gonna be a slide right here where I'm like, but if you act now I'm gonna give you a really cool CD with football and then I know a stack. Let me throw in The red one I'm gonna throw a stack right here stack right here and a stack right here. Okay, so the red ones are stacked. Can we remember that? stack Okay, so again, I'm taking the offer slide pulling out some elements stack stack stack so you come back here that makes sense cool Let's see and then Okay, right here after we have the offer this is we're gonna have the if then statements It's right here. I'm gonna make a slide down here. It says if then Then I do my price drop. So here's my price drops here Okay, so I'm just kind of mapping that out now. I'm gonna step backwards to get a little bit forward. So I'm gonna come back so Now I've got this part kind of kind of dialed and I'm gonna come back to the very beginning of presentations First part of presentation. We might get their attention. So what's like that? Is there any like crazy news stories or? Something like crazy we could talk about that's related to the whole oxytocin thing Look, we had a really big news story in the daily the iPad newspaper that talked about oxytocin factor improving your sex life. Oh Hold on hold on Wasn't really sure if we could talk about that By the way, if you can throw sex into your products do it okay, so now we're selling sex I think I just figured out what our hook needs to be in all our lives a thousand times easier now, okay, so now we're selling sex Okay Yeah, I can live for next year as long as I sex I can survive it. Okay, so wow blushing I'm blushing too Okay Okay, we sold me now Okay, so we're gonna start back here with with with that so we're gonna start with this my attention grabbing thing It's like by the way, I'm not sure if you guys get if you have an iPad but the iPad news They show a whole story about this. I'm gonna share a couple big feature now. That's gonna grab. That's the tension grabber Okay, I don't care who you are. You probably want that so there's your good attention grabber Okay, sweet. So we got our attention grabber Okay, so what's the big what's the big problem most people have Come on if you don't have any sex and you want sex what's the problem most people having They're stressed out there Disconnected there Okay, so so our so step number Three here, so we got to identify the problem and solve it Okay, so the big problem if we're talking about sexting and this is the kind of hook and you can do with your webinar Have everyone do it, but let's just say let's go on the sex angle since we're there You know, this is the big solution. So by the end this webinar By the end this webinar, I'm gonna be showing you guys a really cool supplement You can take that's gonna help you overcome this and this and this and this and helping increase your sex I just like this article you just saw and blah blah. Okay, so I just opened the loop I identified the problem and promise that we're gonna solve this thing at the end of the end of the event okay, well as we promise this gonna show them how to do it and Maybe you can give away like we're gonna be giving away one free bottle the end this event We're gonna be giving you something like that if you want to you can hook them to be able to want to stay to the end Okay, you can think about that, but there's my there's my hook. Okay, and I come back in open loop now my credibility so For the credibility the story part is gonna be your story or do you have someone else's story? You want to tell us kind of like the whole Did you start you did you have Problems with something before you started using the supplement and it's helped. Yeah, that's why we created it. Okay, cool Okay, so we'll go here. So here it comes like this is like your your story part So again, you're gonna talk about like the problems why So like again empathy with them like this is where I'm struggling at this and this and this and this and then we discovered Or created this and then boom we walked them through here. So there's your there's your story slides, okay? They're gonna be kind of walking you through there Cool, what is what's the story behind it? Providing working to provide stress relief mostly for parents and You stressed out or do you have a lot of parents you work a lot of parents that we work with that were stressed out As a parent before too absolutely if I would start that I would start like I was really stressed out as a parent Anyone has kids who has kids here? Okay, I've got four kids now my twins turned six yesterday. So I know what stress is like it's crazy, right? So the whole stress thing but not only wasn't me I also worked all these other parents as well and they all stress as well and was this kind of this common thing that all of us all Have I'm sure you guys have felt that before have you guys felt that before in your life boom true trial closes. Yes, catch that Okay All right So there's a story and then and then some of my now the transition point is so here's a story Here's the transition to to do you say you created it? Yes, okay? How'd that come about? conversations with a pharmacist Cool talking about it. There's all kinds of information about oxytocin. It's already in your body But how do you get it if you're not in good relationships? So taking a supplement to help your body create more of it just made sense so going to find someone who could help us create it Awesome now you're taking him on the journey. Okay? Reluctant heroes journey very good. Okay, so you're telling the story. So we got a story here Credibility you already have this story from the newspaper to credibility if you have any other news say anything credibility wise in your credibility Pack you can throw in there. It's coming off the story. Do you want to build your street cred? Street cred slide We don't have time to really dive into exactly that is but you're building a street cred. Okay now we're going to content So what are like? Where's some things you can you can share with people here in the content section if there's like three things you can teach people What do the three things be? About the effects of stress okay, so stress is the number one factor in all diseases and disorders It is the number one cause of death with heart disease and diabetes and Mm-hmm, and it is the number one cause of dysfunctional sexual relationships bad sex. Which one's bad sex? That's right. Okay Okay, so we've got the content piece pretty much built out Transitions we transition start sacks little boom here right there transition stack and we've got Back here we have FAQs and see a club you know 10 FAQs you can build into it A testimony as you can you can run up your testimony will rush and that's pretty much it So I would literally spend 10 15 minutes mapping this out for me and I I'm usually all with the pen It's like I can draw little lines. I draw slide by slide. I draw the lines I draw like one slide up down up down up down that's why you might like this right? So I got a whole thing I built out like this and I come out a bus on my power point I do slide first and then from here Now what the misconception most people have Yeah, so start off a slide build out stat and then come then come So that's why I go Now what the big misconceptions that people have and I've had this before is that when you're building out slides We try to put every single thing on the slide we're going to talk about and the problem with that is when you do that I Don't know I'm not a big fan of that like I like more free styling The case reason why I didn't create thousand PowerPoint sides that everything I was going to cover today I kind of gave a book with some notes and some outlines so I can kind of freestyle You freestyle especially like in a webinar situation It sounds so much more real you don't want it coming off like you're reading a script You don't want it coming off like you're just you know, I mean you want to come off like it's a real thing Especially if it's you're trying to mimic a live webinar. You want this to seem as live as possible for people And so, you know, you don't even have to like if you look at a doc on cigarettes local webinar 90% of our slides are just a headline in the middle than me talking for like 15 minutes I don't have bullet points a lot of them So if you're in a rush, you don't have to do bullet points now I think some bullet points are good But not writing out the whole like sentence like just like a one or two word bullet points so that you can kind of remember the thought process You dive in because you have the whole thing you're obviously be reading that whole thing and they're not gonna be listening to you Yeah Yeah, so this question is I take notes and so for me when I'm recording this in an automated situation Yeah, I have slide by slide I have notes on everything I want to make sure I cover the stores want to cover and the trial closes I want to insert into that slide. I'm gonna do one slide at a time like that. Yeah This is gonna be a good one hold on we got Mike this is our get already Oh Sorry sorry So I've just watched a ton of webinars and I have seen many many gurus That have read verbatim word for word now. I'm not You know debating their results, but you're saying that you will get better results better conversion by just using bullet points And then and then embellishing What it is that you if you're trying to mimic a live webinar. Yes With the sales video I read word for word With this I don't with this Because we're trying to create The psychology has trying to create a line filling a live filling Yeah, so it comes back because actually the very first time I recorded it We had the whole thing scripted I read it and I sent a bunch of people to test and everyone like was bored with it It was really weird because like it was great copy by the end everyone's just like I can't really watch the whole thing So that was like and we spent a lot of time on that version of it It's not my brother like a week later. I'm like, well, we're doing the whole thing from scratch again He's like you kidding me But we said this way we're heavy slide again have my notes my trial closed all kinds of stuff recorded it and then next one and It just comes off so much more energy so much more So I see if I keep someone there for you know an hour and a half minutes Yeah, like you need I think you need more energy more excitement stuff like that. Okay, I think with a 20 minute sales video I still record a script because I think you can but I think it's it's different when you're trying to mimic a live if I came up here today, I was like The core elements for your webinar funnel prevent Registration emails, you know, like you guys would have been like you seriously could have freaking watch this at home Why did we come on? You know, so I think it's better that way I'm getting more energy and that's just my opinion. I may be wrong Okay, I Know I knew where we are now say what else no Okay, oh three closes so okay, so the first clothes we're talking about the wealth imagery clothes Now for them obviously not a wealth imagery. It's a happiness happiness imagery. Yeah so a Good example for for yours it could you know, you could model like we do doc on secrets local saying case for those Yes, we're already ordering right now I just want to talk to you about the results you're gonna be filling soon You start taking this and the first thing you're gonna notice first thing I noticed when I start taking it was I started getting blah blah blah blah blah I started doing this and then the next part was this and Da-da-da, so you start kind of telling that story and so everyone who's already buying sing that and you're not there seeing that in their Mind the future pacing there sing what the future could be like what's gonna be like very very soon Okay, the second one is a logic close so Yours isn't so hard to justify a price. That's not that expensive or something so logically what what's the logical thing? It would keep someone from buying your thing. I Know it keep me fine. I'd be scared that hormones are gonna turn me into a girl or something That'd be that would be I could be yeah, that's always my fear of taking drugs I'm like what's this gonna do to me what what makes this safe? Yeah, because it's already in your body Yeah, so that might be my logic closes more like a that type of thing like now a lot of people are nervous because of this and this Is it such a test it where you can you can take it you can you know something like that? I think we more logical for me than money because I don't think money would keep me Because I know if I bought that I got like a whole bunch of oxytocin bottles and like my wife would be like Like what are you taking like that would be more of a concern than like you spent 45 bucks on it? Like you know I mean I may be wrong It's that's something you could know more from your audience to kind of find out But that'd be my guess so I logic with that and then your fear Jim what kind of fear could you associate with it? Yeah, you're gonna be dead any minute now This is your only one by not acting now I mean you're missing out on if you wait for six months if you wait for a year You're just putting off your happiness you're putting off your fulfilling sex life here a great relationship with your kids and your family Yeah, why delay happiness is waiting right now. See the day click here now You guys reclose in there off-side for this question. This is one of us. It's trying to close this okay So that's basically I do so I'd build this out right here, but I'd be open to other scarcity ideas Just mine. I don't hear someone else. I think that's good. I think that is really good like I I like the whole like you guys all seen dead post society That movie was kind of lame, but that one part was awesome Those who haven't seen that one part Robert Robin Williams. He was a teacher right? He brings those kids in a shows in the picture of all of the Founding class or whatever the place and they're all dead people And he's like look in their eyes look at the excitement and emotion and like they're so alive They're so excited for their future, but guess what he's like all these people are dead now. He's like can you hear him? He's like listen up and hear him he starts to make that weird noise and And he starts on sees the day carpet he and sees the day he says, you know, that was their time. It's gone It's it's that fast. This is your chance right now to seize the day. This is your chance I'm probably do something like that and say, you know, you know, I mean what's gonna happen your relationship if you wait a year for now What's gonna happen to your happiness in the year from now? What's gonna happen here in a year from now? Can you imagine what that'd be like? Can you imagine what that's gonna be like? Yeah, I like that like that one. That's actually a good one too that as far as Sonya for an ethical thing It's you know, it's a lot more off the you know speeding up your happiness as opposed to You know using that for for for the fear anyway, okay? Cool, that's I want to show you guys so when you're building your webinar again There's a lot of ways to build webinars. This is how I do it every single time. It's worked pretty good for us in the past Now I just want to give a plug for Dustin and Dave Dustin's here They have a service I've never seen anyone else do this service before where you can actually go to their office and they go through a process similar There's scripts a little different of mine, but very good And they basically build out your entire webinar. I went in last last December was a great process I've used as you see I took a lot of their elements and added it to kind of how do you mind now? They do a great job with it out there and they actually they do the webinar and then Dave who's spoken on stage like eight million times actually does that he pitches your webinar for you and then and they record it Then you get a pitch it to them and they record it and they kind of critique you and it's a really good experience Who here's had a power day? But yeah, so it's a really good experience and if this the right part of intimidate you at all They're I'm never saying let's do what they do and they did a great job They've written like two or three hundred presentations for people in last two years So it's a it's a great thing if you guys look at four. Okay Well, that is everything for pre-lunch part of it. Thank you so much and everyone's give a round of applause for