So for those of you guys, some of you guys are here because you don't have an automated webinar. You have no desire to have an automated webinar if you want to learn how to drive more traffic either to one that I've given you or you have a sales letter, sales video, whatever. So from this point forward, we're focusing pretty much primarily on traffic generation. The stuff we're going to be doing, we're going to be talking about a lot of different things. Some things will apply to you, some things won't apply to you, just depending on what your webinar is, what industry you're in. I'm going to try to give you guys a whole gamut of like, here's kind of everything so you can see like what's available out there to you. I've given you tons of resources. I've given you like hundreds of different places to buy traffic from, ad networks, places to buy soul ads. I've given you in this manual like just tens of thousands of dollars with the resources in here to help jumpstart some things. But again, some things aren't going to make sense for you because of the niche or the industry or things like that. So just be aware of that ahead of time. Again, this is kind of like a cafeteria type thing. They take the things that are going to work for you, things that won't work for you, say that's great, maybe in the future I'll work with it, but just pick the things that are really going to work for you. Now the main thing we'll talk about tonight, again, I'm not going to spend too much time on this because it's not really that complicated, but I want you guys to understand the math and the metrics behind what drives all these internet businesses because you can understand that and you can figure out how it all works and how to manipulate those type of things. It gives you the ability to take a webinar, take a sales video, whatever it is you have and start scaling it and ramping it up. When I went out to Ryan Dice's office and spent time with him and Perry Belcher and Mary Ellen Tribby, Mary Ellen Tribby, any of you know who Mary Ellen Tribby is, she just got hired to be their CEO for their company and she is an amazing person. What she's done with companies, she's gone into, I think the first company she went into and had the big turnaround was a company called Weiss Publishing, it's a financial newsletter and I don't know the exact metrics, but she went in there when they were doing somewhere between like five to ten million dollars somewhere in there and in an 18 month period of time she took them to over 80 million dollars in sales. Then she went into another company to Gora and she was put in the early to rise division, she had the exact same thing, took them from a good single digit million dollar year company to a high like 60, 70, 80 million dollar year company all within a year to a year and a half. It was some amazing things, I was like how in the world did she do that? So what was cool is that Ryan Dice and Perry Belcher had hired her to come in and consult, she consulted for a day and then they convinced her to come and actually become their CEO of their company. So I asked Perry, I'm like what's the secret sauce, how does she do that? I would love to have someone kind of come in and 18 months later I make an 80 million bucks, so what do I got to do? He told me that she had told him, it was really interesting, she said the problem with most internet marketers, she says what we do, what internet marketers do is the equivalent of going out there and creating a broad way play, right? We go out, we hire the best script writers in the world, we get the best talent, we practice, we rehearse, we put on and we live in Boise, we go to Boise, we put on the most amazing play in the world, we get rave reviews next day on the newspaper, everything's amazing, it's what we do. Please silence your ringers right now, just kidding. So what we do is we go on, put on this huge play in Boise, Idaho, everyone gets excited, they love it, the reviews are amazing and we shut down shop and we start writing our next play. So that's what's happening in our marketing industry, so we go out there, we launch a project, we spend all this time, this money, we have to launch it and then we go next thing, we launch the next thing, we launch the next thing. She says all I do is I come into these companies, we have entrepreneurs like you guys who have horrible ADD, and I went and launched the next project, she says I come in here and I take the show you guys are perfected and I take it on the road and I take it from Boise, Idaho and we go to Chicago and then we go to Minneapolis, let me go to Florida and we start taking the show on the road and that's how I take a company from five to six million dollars a year to eighty million dollars a year, is I take the existing assets you have and I take the show on the road. That's what she told me, she told me, I said that's awesome, I'm like how do you do that, how do you start scaling these things and that's really in the last five or six months we've really been focusing on how do we take an offer, how do you actually take it on the road, how do you go and you take it from just this thing that's making, we did a webinar, we made thirty grand, that's great, how do you take that and turn that into thirty grand a day or a hundred grand a day, how do you take it on the road. So that's what we're talking a lot about the rest of tonight and tomorrow is all the different things you can do to take that show on the road. There's a lot of different ways to do that. So the first thing I'm going to talk about though, because there's some metrics behind how this whole thing plays. The key metric that everyone is going to ask and that you need to know is the EPC and we're on page number fifty-five of the manual. EPC is kind of like the driving metric in internet marketing, it stands for earnings per click. So what happens when I go and I take my own webinar and I launch my own list, I'm going to find out really quick what my earnings per click are. Now one thing you want to know when you promote your webinar to your own list, your earnings per click pretty much don't mean anything because your own list loves you and the number is going to be skewed. For example, when we first launched the webinar I was getting fifty dollars EPC off my list. Honestly this is the greatest thing in the world. If all my fillers get fifty dollars EPC, can you imagine I'll be a billionaire by Wednesday? Unfortunately, it doesn't work that way. So we like to do our test to our own list to first just kind of see what EPCs are going to be. A lot of times though we don't even test to our own list initially because it's flawed data. It's not going to give me realistic results of what's actually going to happen. So what we want to do is we want to start buying this traffic some other ways. Now when we launched our Doc-Om Secrets Local webinar, we did it to our own list first which gave us some initial EPCs and then Mike Philson kind of owe me a favor so he did it to his list which was really good because now I can get some affiliate EPCs to find out what an actual affiliate is going to get off of it. Because again, if I make ten dollars per click, the affiliate gets half that so he made five dollars per click. So it's good having an affiliate to promote it because you kind of get those initial earnings per click. So then you can go to your next affiliate and say, hey, Mike Philson got X amount per click. This is kind of what you can do. Then you can kind of use that to leverage it. Some of you guys aren't going to have an affiliate with a big list in your back pocket. I understand that. So we're going to be talking a lot tomorrow about solo ads and some other ways that you can go either really quickly to find out what your EPCs are going to be. And what's nice about it is you can send some traffic and if the EPCs are horrible, you didn't go and burn a relationship with a JV partner. You didn't go and leverage your soul because you wanted someone to promote something for you. You can say, hey, it didn't work. Let me tweak this thing and start changing things and start figuring out what was broken and perfect. It's that way you get something that's really working good before you go to an affiliate. One of the worst things you can do is if you convince an affiliate to promote something and they promote and it doesn't do anything, that's one of the best ways to ruin your name really quick in your industry. And so make sure you're doing these things first. The first thing you get is figure out where your earnings per click are going to be. Now one kind of misconception with EPC, a lot of people think EPC is going to be the same everywhere you go. EPC is going to change dramatically from channel to channel. By channel I mean is my EPC, if I'm driving traffic through Facebook, is going to be a lot different than my EPC driving it through email. My EPC through paper clicks is going to be different than an ad network. Every channel is going to be different, but usually within a channel you can find out kind of what the EPCs are going to be. So I know within an affiliate channel, within the internet marketing industry, I know right now our guys are getting $4 to $5 EPC promoting our webinar. So I know within the internet market industry I can kind of give those numbers. When I go into like a personal development list, if I go to some completely unrelated list, those metrics don't mean much because it's going to be completely different. So just be aware of that. Understanding that channel by channel EPCs are going to be different. So when you're sharing with affiliates, if you come in and you're getting $10 EPC through Facebook and you're like, I'm getting $10 EPC on Facebook, they're going to list, they get a big approach list and then they get a dollar EPC, there's a big mismatch. So make sure you're understanding that channel by channel EPCs are going to be different. And so you got to kind of figure out and learn what they are along the way. Does that make sense? Okay, so earnings per click. Now if you look at any of like the affiliate chatter, when your affiliates are talking back and forth, this is the metric they're throwing out. What's the EPCs looking like? What's the look? You know, that's what everyone wants to know is what the earnings per click are going to be. Now there are some exceptions where earnings per click aren't important and that's when you have a really, really good relationship with someone where they're going to promote you because of that relationship. A lot of times they won't care about earnings per click. But for the most part, especially when you're looking to scale something outside of like, here's my relationship, that's what they're looking at. Okay, EPCs. So you want to be able to start finding those things out. Now if you look at our webinar process, there's a couple things are happening. First off, someone's clicking on an ad, right? Now if they click on the ad, then they're going to come over here and they're going to register for the webinar. Then they're going to show up for the webinar. Then they're going to, some people are going to see the offer. Okay, so throughout this process there's different metrics. So again, the first one we talked about is EPC. This is the one that drives most things. The next one is how much we're making for each person that registered for my webinar. Okay, and again, it's another metric you want to know. I think, I don't know, our software tracks us. I figure, I assume most software does, but I don't know, I'm not using the other ones. But you know, if we get, you know, 100 people registered for the webinar, how much money should I be expecting to make off of that? You know, maybe it's a $10 registration. Maybe it's $15. Maybe it's $20. It could be different for everyone. And again, it's going to change channel by channel. Some channels are going to be a lot higher than other channels. That makes sense. So let's just say, for example, let's say we're averaging a $3 EPC right here, okay? Which let's say that means I'm getting $10 per registrant. So I'm averaging $10 per registrant. And then it comes back here. For everyone who actually shows up for the webinar, though, I'm making, you know, $30. And everyone who actually sees the offer, I'm actually making $80, okay? So you can kind of see, when you are looking in the process, you start seeing these things. Man, for everyone who clicks, I'm making $3. Everyone who registers is making $10. They show up making $30. And if they see the offer, I'm making $80. Okay, now this comes back to what we talked about earlier today. Here's the whole timeline. If I know that they see the offer, I'm making $80. What in the world can I do to get that person to actually see the offer? Okay, what can I do to hook that person and make sure they see the offer? What can I do to make sure they, if they registered, how do I get them to show up? Because I'm making three times as much money if they show up versus if they don't show up. Okay, so you kind of start looking at those metrics and start thinking about them from that standpoint, okay? All right. I had something I was going to share with this before I go to the next part. I can't remember what it is now. Okay, so the main reason why this is very important is because when you come back, someone's making fun of me back there. I'm just kidding. Okay, the reason why I want to figure this out, channel by channel, okay? So for example, again, let's say it's Facebook. So we come in and we figure out we're making $3 EPC for Facebook. Okay, this is going to drive all of my advertising. So I know I'm making $3 for ReClick. That means I can spend $2.99 to acquire that click. That makes sense? Okay, this is the biggest thing. As soon as you know what you're making in a channel, then you can start setting your budgets. The biggest reason why a lot of people, we do a lot of work with brand new beginners, the reason why a lot of them struggle is they have no idea how much they can spend on advertising. So either they blow out their budget, they spend $1 million overnight and they're broke, or they're so scared to advertise that they have no idea what the EPCs are. They don't do anything. So if you're going to be doing a lot of things like Facebook or Soul out, whatever it is, you're testing a little bit to find out what these initial EPCs are. You're usually going to blow a little bit of money. You've got to say, I'm going to test $500 or $1,000, whatever it is that your initial test is, just to send it out there so you find out kind of what your EPCs are. And after you know what you're earning per click is, then you come back and say, okay, now I know how to intelligently advertise in this network. I know intelligently how to advertise with this affiliate or buying this out or whatever it might be. So it's important to understand that because tomorrow we're going to be going through a whole bunch of different channels. They get every channel is different. You can have a different page channel to find out which ones are going to be profitable and what the EPCs are going to be. Because then, you know, for example, let's say I'm in Facebook and my EPCs are $3 per click, but the cheapest ad I can buy is $4 a click. I can't run media there. It just doesn't make any sense for me to lose money all day long. So it's very important to understand those. Now a lot of people always ask me, like, how do you know what the clicks are? How do you track those type of things? On page 56, these are the two software programs we use. I think the five-com is what I use primarily. I think it's like $100 a year, maybe $200 a year. I don't really know, but basically I get my link. I put it in hypertrack and that's the link I send out. Someone clicks on that and it starts, it tracks my clicks. You can do some fancy things. You set up like pixels along each of these different pages where it'll start showing you different metrics. I don't get that in advance. I just track clicks with hypertracker. What I basically do is I use hypertracker. I send out the email and then I see how much money came back in and then I just do the math. I got a thousand clicks. I made $1,000. My EPC is $1 per click. It's really that simple. That's basically what we do. The other software is called powerlinkgenerator.com that we use. This might feel the same software. This one you actually install on your own website and then you have kind of a little more control over it. There's a lot of other ones out there. There's thousands of ad trackers out there. These are the two that I personally use. Again, all I'm doing is I'm sending out ad, watching the clicks that come through and see how much money I made from that ad. And then just doing the math and figuring out EPC is really quick. It's a very simple, very easy process. Any questions about EPC stuff? It's pretty simple stuff. It's very important to understand. Now one thing I want to talk about with tomorrow, we're going to be talking about a lot of different traffic strategies. There's basically kind of a couple different methodologies and models. One of them that our industry, unfortunately the internet marketing industry has polluted and made, I think it just serviced everybody, is the launch model. So they come in, we do this huge product launch, we sell 10 million units overnight, we all make a whole bunch of money, and then the next day no traffic ever comes. So you see the launch model, this one looks like, huge surge of traffic, a whole bunch of money, and then it comes down here and it eventually dies to nothing. So that's kind of what most people in internet marketing space are teaching. Then you have the other method, which is more like the long-term organic stuff. You come in here, it's growing, it's growing, it's growing, it starts going like this, and eventually it comes up like this. Now what I found is that different people resonate towards different types of these things. When I was down in Mexico, I was talking to Mike Diller, the business partner, and he was talking about investing. He works with Robert Kiyosaki's lawyer, he says when you hire him to be your accountant, he has a whole bunch of personality profiling with you. He says most people think that investing is investing, it's investing, it's investing, where should I invest my money? The reality is that investing is very focused on your personality type. So one person should be investing in real estate versus someone else should not be in real estate, it should be over in oils or in gold or whatever it is. Different personality types should be invested in different ways. So he does a whole bunch of personality profiles to find out where he should be recommending you're investing your money in. So I never heard that before, but I started thinking, this is really similar to traffic generation. Because for me, I look at some of Kurt Christensen and Kurt impresses the heck out of me because he's the kind of guy who can go in there and he's really good at buying media and doing paper click and ad buys and things like that, which I'm not as strong in that kind of thing. I do a lot better more in the joint venture type thing, I feel really good at buying email, I feel really comfortable there. But if I'm in Facebook, I'm in Google, paper click or things like that, I get really intimidated and I don't enjoy those types of traffic generations. So I think there's a lot of personality things, so tomorrow when we're going through this, just know that some of these things are really going to resonate with you. The numbers people are going to be like, okay, I'm in the ad networks, I'm driving traffic, I'm doing this. Other people are going to be more relationship based and you're like joint ventures, you're like buying solo ads because it's more based off of relationships. So just know that there's different models, but if you can incorporate both of these in your business, it's going to be a lot better. So again, what most people come in is they come in with a launch mentality. I want to make a million dollars tomorrow. If you do a big product launch, money comes in, money comes out and the business is dead a week later, right? Which is good because you make a lot of money, but it's bad because your business is dead. The other people come in and they're like the SEO people, they're kind of more like build something that works and scale it and it takes longer. And the problem is that most of us, especially entrepreneurs, our ADD is so short we cannot focus for more than like 30 seconds on anything. Who here has horrible ADD? Welcome to your family. We're all here together. Yeah, I think it's funny like in schools how bad of a thing ADD is and yet every like hyper successful person I know has horrible ADD. It's kind of like who here watches X-Men? You know that movie is awesome. It's kind of like that like the superpowers are like these are handicaps when you get rid of these powers. Those powers are really, really good. So having ADD is like such a good thing. It's always you know how to harness it. Anyway, so I have some friends who their kids are struggling with that right now and like the schools are trying to give these kids drugs and stuff like that. I'm like are you kidding me? You're trying to stifle like the most powerful creative tool that any person has on the surf. Anyway, there's my rant. So what you have to understand for me is I understand what I'm really good at, what I'm not good at and I find people who are really good at the other things. So for example, this whole like launch like long-term SEO strategy. Do you think I deal well with that kind of a thing? Okay, no, I'm born at like 30 seconds. So this is like six months in and also we're peeking out right here. So what I did is I found partners who are very, very good at SEO type of thing who are that who that's where they live and that's where they're really, really good at. We partner with them. And so we've got two SEO teams. One is based out of the UK and they have a whole team of prudence SEO. We have about one that's based out of Texas and these guys are from the best SEO guys in the world. So we just give them our pages. They do the SEO and then we're profiting, ref sharing all the profits we're making. Okay, now the results of this has been fantastic for our business right now. If you go, if you're in the UK right now, I'm number one on Google for the word make money in Google. I think we're number eight in the United States by probably by the end of January, we should be number one in the United States for make money. Now make money right now. The guy who's currently number one gets between 60 to 70,000 clicks per month for just the keyword make money. That's just one of them. Right now we have about 4,000 make money keywords we're focusing on. We're on page number one for most of the of the short tell like difficult ones and number one for all the other ones. We're getting tons of traffic free clicks because I found something I could partner with. They could focus on this long term theme. Because if it was up to me, I'd send my page up, I'd buy some links and I'd be out of that bank. I'm out. I'm so bored and nothing would happen. But I partnered with the right people to do that. Again, the same kind of thing organically. One thing I'm not good at that intimidates me is going to the ad networks. I'm going to talk a lot tomorrow about ad networks because ad networks have so much traffic and so much media and so much stuff you could do to scale a business quickly. Ad networks I think are the fastest and the best way to go and take your show on the road. The problem is like I am not the kind of guy that does well in ad networks because it's a lot. It's like playing the stocks almost like you're putting in money and you're watching things and it's this thing's always happening. So I found a guy who's really, really smart, who's good at this kind of thing. I paid him very well and said, okay, look, I'm not good at this, not my skill set. I know the world. I know what I need to do. I understand that. And I brought him on on a team. He's now right now building out the pages and he's going to be joining our ad network stuff. And the guy's amazing. Back when free plus shipping was like the big thing, he was doing three or four thousand units per day. Whereas my biggest month, we had eight thousand in a month. He was doing three or four thousand per day. So if he can get this thing to work, it's going to, again, these kind of things. Now for me, I'm really good at a lot of joint ventures. I'm good at soul lab. So I'm like, I'm better here, but I know that this is the long term type thing. This is where you're doing a hundred grand a day consistently. So I'm finding people to team up with. Now some of you guys are going to be a lot more comfortable over here and you're going to be scared to talk to anyone on the phone. Okay, so you should be finding joint venture brokers that you're working with. You should be finding list brokers, things like that to be doing these. So just kind of, I want to make sure you guys understand that before we get into this is that you don't have to learn all this kind of stuff. My goal is to give you guys tomorrow. Here's an overview of all the different pieces and how they work and the possibilities of all these type of things. And I want you to take those type of things and then come back and figure out which ones are good for you that you want to focus on. Which ones you want to team up with people. I can show you some resources and kind of help you find people that are going to match your, you know, help you to drive traffic in different ways. But don't get overwhelmed thinking I have to learn how to do all this kind of stuff. Okay, because I definitely don't. And I'm pretty good at most this kind of stuff. I'm not doing it all myself because I couldn't do it and I don't think any of us could do it. So focus on your strengths when we're going through this. That makes sense? Pretty easy. Cool. Okay, so the core things we're talking about tomorrow is kind of the rollout process. We titled this seminar How to Make a Million Dollars in 98. So there is a process. We're going through the rollout process. The first thing tomorrow is, is your own list and then how to get some joint ventures on board. And then how to start doing sold outs. We started doing some of this stuff to start making some of the quick money. But then it's also going to be talking about doing the search engine, adding that. So that when this starts coming down, this is coming back up and you have this perfect blend of everything happening all at once. So you have a long-term sustainable business. That sound good? Yeah. Okay, so the core things, and we're talking about a lot of things, the core things. The first presentation we're talking about is we're talking about solo ads. How to get free solo ads and how to do bulk email list buying, which is kind of unethical for those of you guys who don't like mass stuff. So, but I'm going to show you just kind of what you can do with the possibilities of different things like that. It's not unethical, it's just, it's very effective. I'll leave it there. Okay, so that'll be the first presentation. Just focusing a lot on like the email part of things, okay? The second presentation before lunch, we're focusing a lot more on like the affiliate relationships. We're talking about how to do product launches, how to do affiliates, how to do webinar swaps. We're having tons of success with webinar swaps. Whole bunch of like those type of like relationship type things, okay? So that'll be the first one. How to get money really, really quick because solo ads, affiliates, that's going to get a lot of money really, really quick. And then the last step after lunch is we're talking about search engine strategies. Oh, something I call search engine banner ads, which is very big ad network, social strategies, classified ads and some offline stuff. That's what we're covering after lunch, okay? So that's kind of the game plan for tomorrow. Does that sound exciting? Okay, because it's going to be really exciting. I'm excited for it. This is the first time I ever taught all the stuff in this month in depth or detail. So hopefully it'll be great for you guys. Okay, and that is pretty much I think what I had for tonight. Anyone has any other questions you want to go over? If not, I'm going to go home and take a nap and get ready for tomorrow because... Who is ever spoken for a day straight? They say like one hour on stage is the equivalent of a day of hard work. So however many hours have been up here, I'm ready for a nap. So no other questions before we end for tonight? How do we do it on time wise? 4.30 perfect. Awesome. Question over here? Okay. I'm just curious you referred to it a few times, but is it pretty much industry average to give a 50% commission to a joint venture and affiliate? Great question. Affiliates, again, people normally want EPCs more than percentages. So with Dotcom Seas Local, we're paying out 40% to our affiliates, both on the front end and on the upsell. And so we're not getting 50% but our EPCs are high enough that it's okay. Plus ClickBake who processes it wouldn't allow us to go over 40%. I don't know why we didn't do it. A lot of guys are only on the webinars giving 35% to 40% depending. Other guys are already giving 50% and higher. A lot of us just depends on how good your webinar is. Back when we were doing more single off product launches, we would start the affiliate commission like at 50%. And then if the EPCs weren't high enough, we'd jack them at 75%. So we would be raising commissions to get EPCs where affiliates would get excited to actually mail it and stuff like that. So a lot of it, I think as a standard 50% around that is usually pretty good for the 50% of what your costs are. A lot of times with the big webinar you've got hard costs, maybe 500,000, whatever the hard costs. So a lot of times for ours the way that I tell our folks is basically we have hard costs that we cut out. So they're getting 50% of the hard costs which is 40% of the sale. And the EPCs are high enough that we haven't had any complaints yet and it's been good. So yeah, good question. The other question a lot of people always ask me is what is a good EPC? So I'm sure that's probably the next question. And that depends. In the internet marketing industry it's changed so much over the years. It used to be if you got a dollar that's good and some guys were really good copywriters, got people making four or five, six dollars EPC, then those offers were really, they would promise you the world. So they don't no longer online so now EPCs are down lower. But I say if you get a dollar EPC that's good on a straight up offer. If you're in a webinar getting a dollar EPC it's probably not that good. Most affiliates if they're in a webinar they're looking for probably two to five dollar range. If you get the higher end like five dollar range affiliates will start coming, excuse me, start coming to you. A good example is I always heard this. Someone told me when your EPCs are high enough people will come to you. And I was like how does it make any sense to me? And the first time I really saw it was earlier this year. It was back when like there was like 10 million internet marketing launches happening every single day. I'm sure you guys were in the middle of this thunderstorm of activity. And I remember there were like four or five big huge product launches all happening. Like almost the same day. All the people coordinating and there's so much noise. And you know people setting out gifts and giving away cars and all sorts of crazy stuff. And this guy came out with an offer. It's called commission crusher. And didn't do a big launch. He just went out there. He proposed this list and the EPCs were great. And one of the guy proposed this list and the EPCs were amazing. And he just told a couple of guys hey the EPCs are getting like six dollars per click on this. So people are like huh so they can be melded out. They got six dollars per click. They told more people and within like four months they made over ten million dollars with that one offer. Because all of a sudden everyone started hearing six dollar EPC. I'm in. They started dropping. They started launching because they want... I mean Philly's want... they're in the business to make money. Like where's the money going to be at? So when you get an offer the EPCs are high. They will come to you. It's not hard to convince people we're going to be high EPCs. That's why every time we make new tweaks to the webinar we're coordinating all our affiliates. Hey we've changed this and this EPCs are up by 20% or we've added this new thing right here. EPCs are up for again. So we're letting them know like what we're happening. And that's a big thing. Every time that Philly has a good success they come back. Like we just had Eric... oh man I'm going to blank out his name. Anyway Eric just came back. He did a promotion for us. He had like four almost five dollar EPC just shy of five dollars. Which was really really good. So we took that and a bunch of affiliates we'd contacted before who didn't promote. We said hey Eric just got five dollars, sixty cents EPC. And all of these guys are like oh we're in. And all of a sudden that one like EPC story opened up like five more promotions. We had one guy in the real estate industry. His name is Preston Eli. And he took our offer and he tested like a dead list. And he got two dollar EPCs from the dead list. Then he took it to his main list and he killed it. I can't remember. But he ended up making like forty or fifty or sixty grand off. He did really really good. And then he was friends with all the real estate gurus. So he sent out this mass email to everyone in the real estate gurus and just said hey Brunson's webinar is killing it for me. We just got a check for forty grand. You guys should all push this. And all of a sudden like within five minutes we got like fifteen emails from all these different real estate gurus like hey what did they promote it. Anyway we have a whole lineup for the whole real estate industry to promote in our webinar. And that's like new fresh people. We've never been in the real estate industry but all these guys because one guy has success with it now it's opened up this whole industry. We have some deals going into the personal development industry as well. As soon as we get those we start hitting all the personal development lists. So it's kind of going place to place to place. And again we'll talk more about that tomorrow with the affiliate stuff. But a lot about when you get EPCs that are working in a channel it becomes very open and very easy to start getting more and more people in that channel to promote. Russell do you do second tier affiliates commission too? Yeah for you. And what do you offer? We normally do ten percent second tier commission. We've had a couple people do. It's based you know person by person. Oh is it okay? Yeah usually about ten percent affiliate commission. Which we'll talk about brokers tomorrow. That's a great thing. I mean we've got some friends. Like again like we're in the real estate industry. I don't know any of the real estate industry. Like we had someone who wrote our list who knew Preston. He's like hey I know Preston and much other guys. Can I get ten percent if I promote it? And we're like yeah so we give him ten percent. And again he's making money off all these dudes now. It's great for everyone. Yeah that's a really powerful strategy we'll talk about tomorrow to get people pushing things around for him. Do you pay on continuity as well? Yeah we do. Is it the same scale usually? It depends. It's kind of funny. So there's two different worlds. Like the ad, like the CPA world which we'll talk about tomorrow. Which guys like they want to bounty on their things. Like they'll give you a continuity customer. You know maybe it's like a ten dollar customer. They want fifty bucks for that and then they're out. Okay so you go in the hole immediately but after that you keep a hundred percent of continuity. So that's like one group of people. That used to be really really big a few years ago. Now it's shifting a lot more to let's put them in a continuity and I want fifty percent of that. Or whatever the percentage is. Which is obviously safer for everybody. You're not paying out money but we do. I mean when we have the whole call center we made a lot of money by giving out forty fifty dollars for a free CD. But we call them on the phone and make up the money on the back end of the continuity. But nowadays it seems like at least in our space it's a lot more people want a percentage of continuity. Which is good and bad. The bad part is it makes their initial EPCs a lot lower. But if they watch it over thirty days, sixty days, ninety days, their EPCs go a lot higher. So that's another thing right now is that people have promoted our webinar prior and they're getting paid on the payment plans. We're going back down and pulling their stats after ninety days or excuse me after three months and saying hey. Your initial EPCs were four dollars EPC but after all the rebuilds you're at like eight dollars now. You know whatever it is. Which gets people really excited and makes them want to repermote things like that as well. I've only done a couple of affiliate launches. They were with fairly good sized guys and I couldn't get numbers from them on how many they'd mail to. Now we got a very good... But you know how they mail to you? It's based off the clicks. Because how they mail to is... I think Sony and I had this discussion on the phone the other day. It's such a scam. I've got a list of a million people but they sent you five hundred clicks. All that matters is how many clicks they actually got. Would you consider a click of registration? No, clicks like someone clicked on the link in the email. So you got your... I can't get the number from them. I know how much money we're making. You should track down your side. You should track down your side as well. We have them trackable. We all track it on our side. So I don't know exactly how many clicks that person got as well. Okay, they were sending through their system. They were presenting their product to our list. We then presented our product to their list. But when we presented it to their list, they did the emailing and we didn't get any of the click information. I mean we know what we made for registrant. We know what we made for person who showed up. And those numbers were good but I couldn't get the EPC from them. Yeah, I would do... Go back and give the hyper-track or whatever. The sources on page 56 and track that link before you send it to them. They can track it on their own as well. That way you have the ability... I agree 100% if you don't have those numbers, it's tough. But if you have those numbers, it's power. You need so much stuff with this. So in our software, we track every click that comes through. So we know EPCs whether they track them or not because it's tracking internally on our side as well. And I have no idea how those systems work if they do or don't. But if they don't, I would make sure... I'd be tracking that link as well before I give it to them. And that way you have that data because that data is worth so much money. Yeah, so the question is... So for dot com secrets local, you're targeting small businesses that have an advertising budget. So in my mind, that means a business that has three to five employees or more and make in 250,000 a year. So can you comment on how you would use webinars to target that mark? Is there anything different that you would tweak that you've talked about today that you would kind of tweak a little bit differently for that market? I don't know if I would tweak... I mean, people are people. People are sold the same way. You know, it always makes me laugh. People are like, well, my market's different. My customers are different, but the reality is what works, what, you know, works. I mean, the same sales process, everything else would be pretty much the same. It's just where you buy the ads from is the basic thing is different. You're getting ads from over here as opposed to over here. You know, you're focusing on, you know, the demographic or the market, things like that. And there might be different verbiage on the landing page or things like that, but for the most part, the rest of it's the same. If you look at the dot com secrets local webinar, we basically have three core markets we're going after. We're going after opportunity seekers who hate their job and they're sick of it and they want a new thing. We're going after, like, business owners who want to attack on business and we're going after internet marketers who want to use their internet marketing skills to make money. So at the very beginning of my webinar, I basically say that. I say, hey, this is for three different types of people. First is people who hate their job, they hate their boss. If that's you, you'll say yes right now, whatever. Now, the second one is this kind of person, I kind of prefacing before, like, here's the people this is for. They kind of blanket almost everybody, but then they say, yeah, I identify that group. And then towards the end, again, that was an open loop and I kind of close at the end, like, now, again, you see that if you're, you know, if you hate your job or you just got fired or you want to get fired, this is why this is such a good deal for you. If this has happened, this is, anyway, so that's kind of how we do it. And again, you know, if you're using our webinar and you don't have control of the editing, you can do that same thing on like a pre-sell page. So before they come to the webinar page, they say, hey, this is a webinar put together. It's really powerful. It's focused on businesses from, you know, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And so you kind of, you're, again, you're pre-framing now before they go to watch the webinar. So it's in their head ahead of time. Like, yeah, this is what I'm looking for. This is why it makes sense to me. And so you kind of cater on the back and obviously as well. But that help? Cool. Awesome. Any other questions? Awesome. You guys have been a lot of fun. I appreciate all the feedback and the energy. What time are we starting tomorrow? Eight. Starting at eight o'clock? So don't sleep at night. I hate that when I get here inside 8 a.m. and there's like four people in the audience. And then I start talking and people start wondering again. And I got a question really quick. I'm like, I covered that at eight o'clock. So let's just all make a vow to be here at eight o'clock. Is doors opening at eight? Is that the plan? Yes. Okay. So we'll probably get started at eight 30-ish, but I would say make sure to get it at eight so we can get in here, network talk, and then start at eight 30. We have a lot to cover tomorrow. Remember that little girl with the fire hose in her mouth? That's what you're going to feel by the end of tomorrow. I promise you. But I got a lot of notes in the workbook. Thank you guys so much. Everyone give yourselves a round of applause for being here for all the entertainment. It was fun.