Welcome back. After lunch, everybody falls asleep, so we're going to speed it up. I'm going to start talking faster. That's alright. Okay, so for me, this is the most exciting part. I love like crafting out the webinar. My favorite part is the webinar process, like the sales process behind it. This is where we've been tweaking and changing and stuff. So I'm going to share with you guys a lot of stuff we're doing right now is working. Some things that I don't know if they're working or not, but we're out and starting testing or excited about if they're going to be really positive. But I just want to give you guys a bunch of things to think about so that when you're putting your thing together, you have just different... the thought process is starting your head and figure out what you can tweak, what you can test, what you can change things and move things around. So we're starting at page 22 of your book. This is the automated webinar sales process. Who here are like the whiteboarding? Like who here has like 10 whiteboards in their office and the whiteboard and everything? So you guys are like... I think with my wall, every single process is outlined a million different times. We're moving things, we're racing blocks, we're moving things. That's what we're going to be doing during this session, is show you this process and how all pieces fit together, what we're doing now is working good, what we're doing now is what we want to be doing. So the first thing we're talking about is a concept called the preframe. And this is really important to understand. Again, it's another concept from NLP. And the first time I really ever heard of this, my first online mentor was a guy named Mark Joyner. Some of you guys know him, he owns a company now called Symbolology, which is a really cool company, he knew a lot of personal development stuff. When I first got on, he was very big in the internet marketing space. And one of these he taught me, he had a concept, he said, not all clicks are created equal. And first I didn't really give what he meant. And so he went on to kind of explain, he said, for example, if you go to a website, and on the website is now, and it says Russell Brunson is a scam artist, he sold $15,000 from me over the last two years. I never made a penny from him, and I hope he dies. Click here to see his new product. Click there with the sign, what's your likelihood of actually buying it? Now, very good, right? Now, another guy said, hey, Russell Brunson is the greatest thing in the world. He changed my business and my life. My family relationships are better because of him. I hope that he gets everything he wants for his birthday this year, and he's awesome. Click here to see his new product. Can you go to that page? Now, obviously it's the exact same traffic, exact same visitors, exact same landing page, but what was the big difference between the two? Okay? The pre-frame, the thing that they saw before they saw my thing. The pre-frame is one of the most important parts of all of this whole entire process. Okay? For those of you guys who have ever spoken on stage, you know one of the most important things you can do is have the person who introduces you. The way they present you is one of the most important things about how you sell. Okay? You'll directly see your closing ratio, depending on how that person presents you. Okay? So someone says, hey, this is the internet guy, this is Russell. Come on up, he's been teaching some good stuff. Versus, let me tell you about Russell. He says, this, this, this, this, this. It'll change the whole perspective. It's just that tiny thing is like 90% of the sale is how the person introduces you. Okay? It's the pre-frame. There's a book called Sway, it's a really good book. If you guys haven't read it yet, it's one to read. But in the book Sway, they talked about a study they did. They went to a college classroom and a classroom had like 900 students in it, right? And they brought in a substitute teacher for the day and they said, they basically said, hey, before the teacher comes in, we want you to know who this person is, so we're going to hand out a bio with all the information about this teacher. So they hand out the bio to all 900 students. Now what they didn't know is that every other bio was different. They were almost the same. They almost said the exact same thing. The only thing that was different was one line, like, you know, two-thirds of the way down the page, one of the bios said, so-and-so has been known to be a very warm teacher. The other half said, so-and-so has been known to be a very cold teacher. So the only word difference in this like 500 word bio was warm and cold. The only difference, they passed it out. The thing, the teacher came in and taught a 90 minute lecture, left, and they surveyed all the students afterwards. What they found is that it was like 90% of the people that had the bio that said he was warm, was like, this teacher was great. He really cared about me. I could tell he was coming from a place of empathy. He wanted me to learn. He wanted me to grow. And they surveyed the other people who had cold and all of them were like, this guy's a jerk. Every time he talked to me, he was condescending. He was talking down to me. We didn't like the guy. The exact same presentation. The only difference was the pre-frame that they were introduced to before. So the pre-frame is so important. So when you're looking at an automated webinar, there's a couple of different pre-frames that can be happening. One of them could be your joint venture partner, sending out an email, saying, hey, there's this really cool guy. His name's Russell. I like him a lot. The email that they're sending out is a pre-frame. And usually you have the ability to kind of write those emails or craft them or help that person with it to help manipulate the frame to how you want the best. Online, when you're doing things like banner ads and stuff like that, you don't really have the ability to have an email pre-frame, but there's other things you can do. So if you turn to page number 24, this is an example of a pre-frame page. And some of you may have seen this before because there are a lot of guys who do this very unethically. Again, there's an ethical way and an unethical way to do it. You do it ethically, it'll work great for you. So for example, this is a little ad right here. It says, 51-year-old mom looks 27. It's got this lady pulling her skin off. You see that picture? A little creepy, right? That's probably going to grab your attention, right? So you click on that. Now, you think, as markers, you think someone clicks on that page, it's taken out to the sales letter. What they do, if you look at that, you click on that page, it takes you to this blog right here. You see, the blog has an article. And this article is talking about the concept. It shows before and after pictures, talks about everything. And then there's links in this article over to the sales video, the sales letter. And you might think, why would you do that? If you had asked me this three years ago, I said, this is the stupidest thing in the world. Why would you make someone have a whole extra step before they get to your page? But then all these guys started testing it, and it was amazing how much more money they would make because they send someone through a pre-frame. Because the problem right now with the typical banner ad, and we're going to talk about banners a lot tomorrow, and the typical banner ad is the frame they're coming from is an ad. I just clicked on an ad. That's the frame they're coming through. So they've already had their guard up. They're already going to be suspicious because they're coming from an ad. And so they click on that, and they don't see an ad. They've seen an article or a blog post or something else like that. And then they're going there from the video. Again, it changes the whole pre-frame and changes the structure of it. Now again, one caveat. Be careful of this. A lot of people have done this very wrong, very unethically. If you've ever heard of fake blogs, flogs, or fake articles, articles. Yeah, that's kind of the way a lot of people are doing fake stuff. We started doing this, and we just used real testimonials, real case studies, real articles. If you do that, it's legitimate. Just make sure you're doing real things. I can't believe how many people have made millions of dollars doing it the unethical way. You can just do it the right way, and it's the exact same thing. So anyway, conceptually, that's how that works, how pre-frame page works. So again, always think about that. Anytime you're driving traffic, what's the frame someone's coming through? What's the email saying? What's the landing page saying? Because that affects so much more of the sale than you'd ever think. It's very important. So I'm going to throw that out of the pre-frame. Next thing we'll talk about is registration pages. So if you look at page 26, I have a couple of them. Page 26 is our current .com Secrets Local 1. Page 27 is Rich Sheffrin's. Page 28 is one of Mike Phil's Sames. Page 29 is another one of Mike Phil's Sames. Page 30, I sold Kurt Christensen. Thanks, Kurt, for letting me steal your copyrighted material and posting my manual. Page 31 is David Frye. David, for watching this. Thank you also. So those are some pages. Just so you guys can see some examples of what landing pages look like. Now, a couple of things I want to talk about with this. Again, back to the NLP. One of the big concepts I talk about in NLP a lot is patterns. And everyone gets in these patterns where things are happening over and over and over again. For example, this morning when you guys got out of the shower, did you notice that the way you dry your body is the same way you dry your body every single morning? One day I realized this. I have a system. I go, boom, everything I do exactly. And I noticed I was like, every morning I do the exact same thing. Consistently, if I start thinking about it, I get all messed up. I'm like, I can't even figure out how to clean myself or how to dry myself because I've been doing it so many times that it messes up my pattern. People, when you get in the car sometimes and you're driving, all of a sudden next thing you know you're home. You just got there. You have no idea how you got there. Those are patterns. It's going to be really bad. When you're dealing with your customers, a lot of times patterns are going to be negative. For example, if someone, I send out emails, I see the email, they click on it, they go to the exact same landing page every single time. It creates a pattern. And eventually people get numb to patterns. That's why initially when we did sales letters, sales letters worked great. And then the pattern started happening. Everyone was doing sales letters, sales letters, sales letters. So we did a tell seminar. Boom, it's called a pattern interrupt. All of a sudden people are like, wait a minute, I get a call on the phone. It's a whole new thing. It's a new thing. It starts working. And sales go through the roof. It's working really, really good. Then everyone starts doing it. Alex Mendoza does the whole course on it. You've got millions of people doing tell seminars. And guess what? Now there's a pattern. I'm going to tell seminars. This is what's going to happen. So what's the next pattern interrupt I talked about earlier today? Boom, sales videos. We talked about webinars, phone sales, all these different things. And so what we're trying to do is try to interrupt the pattern. So realize that right now in your market there's patterns being set. So for example, when we launched our dot com secrets local webinar, you saw our little hand sketched out video. That was a pattern interrupt. People came to that. And our conversion rate was like 57% opt-in rate we're getting on this page. It was the most amazing opt-in I've ever had because it was a pattern interrupt. People came in and were like, oh crap. Now since we've done this, have you seen how people knocked us off? Every single person's webinar registration page right now has a hand sketched out video. So what has that done to me? Now it's not a pattern interrupt. It's a pattern. Everyone's doing it. Everyone's doing it. So for me, I'm looking at what's the next interrupt. What's the next thing I can do to take things and make it different so when they show up there, it's going to look different. The layout of this page, the way we model this page, the way we laid out this whole page, again, was different than what other people were doing as a pattern interrupt. Now everyone's copying our layout of the page. So my next webinar, you see the layout and the design is much different. The video is going to be different, but we're always trying to interrupt these patterns. And then everyone else is going to copy you. And what else is smart is look at what other people are doing and model them. Or try to figure out other ways to do it. The big thing is they're interrupting that pattern because people are going to be getting the same thing. They keep seeing the same webinar registration page over and over and over again. It stops losing its effectiveness. But if you can grab and change it really, really quickly, that's powerful. There's a lot of ways you can do that. You can go by the design layout of the site. You can go by the video. If you have a video on it, the headline can be a pattern interrupt. All these different things can be different patterns or pattern interrupts. So I'm going to go back to page 26. I'm going to just cover a couple of things on this page that we've done. It's working really successfully for us. And we'll go from there. So the first thing, you notice at the very top, we have choose date, choose time, and get free bonuses. We did that because a lot of times what was happening in our registration process, people would register and then they'd kind of leave. They came registered and they left and they were leaving mid-process. They weren't finishing all the steps we wanted them to do. So we added in kind of the step one, step two, step three to show them there's a path and a process we want to take them through. So they know that this is step one, then there's going to be something you're doing next and something you're doing next as opposed to just then sign up really quick and then leaving off the page. Because again, we want to take people through a very certain process. So that's why we did the steps on the top. Headlines obviously there. The register now, if you look at the register now, we did what's different than anybody else's I've seen. Most people's webinars right now, either you pick the date and the time and you pick everything on the opt-in box. In fact, if you look at Mike Filson's on page number 28, he asks you which date you want to attend, which time you want to attend, the email address, the name, the text message. He asks for a ton of information up front. There's a concept we learned a couple years back when we were doing a lot of work with the guys in the CPA affiliate networks. There's a concept they call microcommitments. So what a microcommitment is, I want you to do a little step before I ask you for a big commitment. The equivalence is like going on a date with a girl. You ask her to go on a date with you, you treat her nice, you walk through the door, and you're trying to get a little commitment before you ask her to kiss you, right? Or before you ask her anything else. You're trying to get little commitments that lead to bigger commitments. So if I come directly to my audience and say, hey, give me your name, email address, phone number and join this webinar, it's kind of a big commitment. They're like, I don't even know you yet, you're already asking for my phone number. It's kind of a disconnect there. So with our page, the way we set up the process was to do a microcommitment. All I asked for is what time or what date do you want to be on the webinar. I don't ask for any other information. So you see that, you're like, oh, it's no big deal. I'll go to Friday's webinar and you click reserve my spot. And when you click on that, on our page, little thing slides up, boom, and it says, okay, we reserve your spot for Friday, which time do you want to come on Friday? And what email address and what phone number we asked for things from that point. Okay, so what I did is I engaged them. I got them taking the first step before I really asked for the stuff they've got to think about. Ryan Dice, he showed me this site he had. It was called the Metaballet Calculator. And they had like a 90% opt-in rate on the site for a long time. What they would do is you'd come to the page and the first thing they would ask you for was, what's, actually like your weight and your height, a couple of things like that, and then, and say click here to generate your report. Never ask for any personal information. Just ask for a couple of things. And so people go like, oh cool, they put that in, put that in, push the button, we generate a report and the thing pops up, boom, congratulations, your report's been generated, where do you want me to email it to? And like 90% of people were typing in their email address because they already made the commitment. They already started the process and they're like, I'm already into it, okay, let's go the rest of the way. Okay, so that's why we structure this page like this, it's all about micro-commits. Give them a little commitment before we go and ask for the long form, a whole bunch of different things like that. Okay, a couple of things we tested. The bottom copy, we tested just like the webinar block at the top and then the webinar block with the copy down below. The copy down below blew it away just having just the opt-in box. And I'm going to talk about this a little bit later during this presentation. But there's a concept called switching modalities. And some people are very visual and they want to watch things. Other people want to hear things, other people want to read things. And there's different ways that people learn. And so I think the reason why it works better having both the video and the text is some people are never going to watch a video. Some people need to read what it is. And so we have them shift so they have the ability to read or to watch the video and cast a wider net. That's my guess why that works so much better for us. Okay, so any questions right now about our page right here? Yeah, we have a mic runner. I think it's right. On your opt-in box, you ask for the time, I mean the date, and then it slides up and you ask for the time. So do you have them go to a totally different page to ask them for their email? Or do you have another box that slides up and asks for their email? On the second slide up I asked for the time and the email. So I asked for both of those on the second slide in. You look at a lot of webinar scripts, if you see some automated ones, a lot of them make you go from page one to a whole second page two, which I think is a mistake. I think either ask for everything or have like a little slider box like us because I think going from page one to a whole second page, you lose a lot of people on the transition. Good question. Is there a place you can go to get these forms as templates or something like that, or do you have to create them all yourself or hire somebody in India? There's different software out there that can run these things. I'm not sure what to talk about. There's a lot of them out there, so it's just different software. Like, stealth seminars is a good software that you can do off-the-site like this. There's other ones out there. There's also the software, which is our affiliate network that we're launching, does this whole thing. So there's different ones that are out there. We'll probably talk more tomorrow about our network and see if you guys want me to involve with that, but it runs all this kind of stuff for you. Just click a button and it does it all magically. So, magically. I'm not a techie, guys, so it's magic for me. It's pretty sweet. Oh, a couple other things. If you look under my video, you'll see we've got Facebook, Tweet, and Google+. Tomorrow morning, we're talking about some of our search strategy. And if you know, one thing I'll talk about is just social media and search engine stuff. It used to be two separate things, and they're becoming more and more one congruent thing. And so having Facebook, Twitter, things like that on your pages, it becomes more and more necessary if you have any kind of search engine strategy long-term. You know, I'll talk about that tomorrow morning. But just so you know, that's why we had those in there, because there are some very important things to deal with rankings, having those type of things on your pages, and it's getting more and more important right now, is all the algorithms and things are changing. Any other questions on our page at all? Yep. Where's the first five scenes left available? This is the different levels of integrity. No. Yeah, we actually, if you look ours, ours does count down. It does pull people off when people are registering. It's kind of cool. It's tied to a counter, but like, we never let the counter go to zero. So ours is legit, but we always let people keep getting on, even if it goes like 303. The reality is we rarely have more than 300 people. Actually, I don't think since we've launched, we've had more than 300 people register for any time, any given time. So we are pulling from a database that's showing legitimate numbers, but we never say zero sold out type thing. So there's my level of integrity. Maybe you should have tried to test that. Huh? You shouldn't test that. Say sold out, this one's gone? Yeah, sold out. So we're going to mail it and have the other one. Yeah, that's actually really good. In fact, if you go to the next page, go to page 26. There's something in Rich Sheffern to start testing last week, which is exciting, and we're going to start testing it. If you notice, he's got, he's got, choose your date below, Friday, December 9th, Saturday, December 10th, or watch the replay from yesterday's event right now. So he's the first person who saw testing this. And the reality, the biggest thing, when you launch your webinar and you start getting affiliates and stuff, this is the hardest thing is usually an affiliate will send traffic to something and they'll get sales almost immediately. So you get immediate gratification, which keeps them mailing and stuff. With the webinars different, because they send traffic, people sign up and they're joining over the next three or four days, and there's replays, and like, there's a very long, like, almost a two week extended period of time before they have like legitimate EPCs they can look at and say, this is my numbers from this promotion. It was very hard. And what Rich said, when he added this in there, is the affiliate started getting immediate sales, like, you know, say, right after they're mailing, which is good, obviously, but then also it's getting them more likely to promote second and third and fourth times because of the immediate sales. So that's why he's put in there. So far he said that the numbers are doing awesome. So we're going to start testing that. I think Wednesday we're going to be plugging that into ours and start testing that as well. But we haven't tried it yet. So yeah, that's kind of a fun thing to test out. If you look at Phil's thing, now the next page on the page 28, one thing Mike's testing a lot, and I don't know the metrics on him, he's got like a webinar registration page, and then like a page that looks a lot like go-to-webinars page. You notice that? So he's testing that. I don't know his numbers on it right now, but very interesting. I know that a lot of people have used to go to webinar for so long, they're comfortable with the look and the feel, and by default, your head, go to webinar, you think it's going to be live, so it makes people think it's going to be live more. And so that's why he's testing out this version of the page. We haven't tried one out yet. I'm guessing it'll do really well, especially with some traffic sources. Facebook keeps kicking us out because they don't like our ads or landing pages. And I'm guessing, Christian knows about that, he's been trying to help me out on it. I'm guessing that a page that looks more like this is probably going to have a better chance of getting through approval because it looks like we're driving to a webinar, and the manual approvers are used to seeing pages look like this for webinars. So that's kind of the reason behind kind of modeling a go-to-webinar look and feel. Page 29's Mike's is the other one more, if it's like Bizzofi one. Page 30 is Kurt's. Kurt, do you want to mention anything about your page at all? I just threw it in there because I knew you were going to be here. Nothing magical? Okay, there's Kurt's. Are you using Stell's seminar in yours? No, Phil's not in his room. He's using the same script. Cool, so there's his. And then page 31, that's Dave Fry doing his three-step system, which is the network marketing one. Again, the same kind of model. Okay, so the registration page is obviously important. Now, I want to talk about a couple more of the elements. On page number 32, I actually put in the script for my video on my webinar registration page. Because that video has been done really, really good for us. And I've had, excuse me, like 30 people asking me who was the copywriter for that. And I want everyone to know that I was the copywriter for that. I wrote that script. So, if you like it, it was my fault. Anyway, if you look at the position behind it again, when I wrote the script for this, I didn't want it to be, I'm Russell Brunson. Check out how cool I am and how cool my site is. I wanted it coming from a third party. So we have Brett, who's done a lot of work with DCS Local. So this is the script. I'm going to read it for you guys. It says, hi, my name is Brett Curry from Springfield, Missouri. And I want to tell you a quick story about how I was able to quickly make a residual income stream of $8,000 per month in less than three months, working less than part-time from home. About a year ago, I got invited to a special webinar, very similar to one that you just, that you were just invited to, being hosted by Russell Brunson. I was skeptical at first because he claimed that on that webinar, he was going to show everyone a new Gold Rush that no other guru cared to tell us about. Now, I'd seen other gurus talking about similar Gold Rushes that involved selling internet marketing services, local businesses, but this was different, much different. The reason why we positioned this is because there's three or four webinars in our space. They're selling local services, and they've been doing it for like two years, and they're killing it. So I don't want people saying, oh, great, Russell's selling the same thing. We wanted to make sure that they realized this is completely different. So they wouldn't be like, oh, that's the same kind of thing. We want to find out what it is. And then, in fact, Russell, what Russell revealed on that webinar was a secret opportunity in the local markets that almost everyone was missing. So I decided to put all the skepticism behind me and register for the webinar. I blocked it out on my calendar, canceled the date with my wife, and then he kind of, he goes, okay, I didn't actually cancel the date with my wife. But looking back, it would have been worth it too. And so, again, pattern interrupt. Every time laughter is a pattern interrupt. You want people, interrupting patterns is key on this thing. People are like, oh, same thing, same thing. It just, it goes past them. If you can interrupt them with that, make a little humor in there, then it gets them. So pattern interrupt. Okay, did everything possible to make sure I could actually get on the call? I wanted to see if Russell had a share. I didn't want to be different. I even got on the call a little early, which is unusual for me. Okay, I did that because we wanted to train people to show up on time. Okay, that's why we talked about that part of it. And I can't tell you how glad I am that I did because he only did this presentation once, and the lines were so maxed out that people who registered weren't even able to get in. The webinar ended, Russell and me, they received 500 applications for the 50 spots he had opened up. Within 24 hours, all these spots were gone, and the 450 people had filled out the application, and the 1000 people who registered returned away without nothing. This is all a true story. It was actually Halloween last year. We had a stack of over 500 applications for this webinar. Christian was on the kites, we called, we called. You know, a bunch of these guys that are part of the original Thought Comptier's Local. We had, I don't know, 10 people in our office calling all these applications, and after we got 50 of them, we just stopped, and we were like, we got to make sure we can actually run this thing before we grow. So we shut it down, we shut it down for an entire year. So all this story is completely true. Okay, now being one of these 50 people has literally changed the course of my financial future forever. I was able to take the simple system that was revealed on the webinar, and working less than part-time over the next few months, I turned that information into a business that's currently making over $8,000 per month in residual income, and all this was created just a few months working less than part-time. It's $8,000 per month, it's $96,000 per year. So this is kind of a mini math close. You guys noticing that? I'm doing it all part-time from home. In fact, I have another business that I run. Okay, so this next part I'm talking to you because a lot of people are like, I don't have time for another business, I already have my own business. You know, we wanted people who already have their business, we didn't want them skeptical and not coming on, so we wanted to address that up front. So I was able to take, let's see, in fact, I have another business that I run that takes the most of my time. The side business keeps growing and it's already on target to be over $20,000 per month before the end of the year, and it's still not even a full-time gig yet. So for the skeptics, I'm proof that this loophole Russell Reveal works and it works fast. Well, over the past year, the people whose applications weren't accepted, and those who missed the webinar have been begging for Russell to bring it back one last time. After a lot of arm twisting, Russell's a great Revealist system one last time. Then it kind of goes on and talks about the webinar, you pick their date and their time, and then the very end here on page 34 at the end, this is the close I stole from Clayton Makepeace, this is one of my favorite closes. So I stole from him, so you guys have stole from me and just blame it on him. So it says, right now you're going to do one of two things, either trust your gut and say, yes, we're going to hesitate, do nothing, and miss this limited opportunity. I believe that in a few short months from now, a year from now, and for the rest of your life, you look back on this moment as the instant in which your life had changed forever. Okay, future wealth, wealth imagery stuff, but only if you make the decision to register for this webinar now before this limited opportunity vanishes. If you wait, it may not be today, it may not be tomorrow, but with absolute certainty if you wait, you will miss this chance. I know without a shadow doubt you can do the right thing for yourself, your business, and your family. So what are you waiting for? It's free. Register now, we'll see you on the webinar. Okay, so that was the script we wrote. We hired a guy named Vince, his company is addtunes.com, he's got it sketched out the whole thing, did a great job with it, and that was kind of the initial landing page we did. So for you guys, do you have any questions about the landing page, the initial landing page? I've seen people do it with videos, I've seen people do it without videos, there's different ways to do it. Again, I like videos usually because it's usually a good pattern to interrupt, especially if they're at work and they click on something else and your video pops up and it starts talking, and they're like, oh, make sure they pay attention. Okay, so prevent. Now the last thing I'm going to prevent, I'll talk about is JV emails. What we do for our affiliates is we try to get them to send out five emails. That's always the goal. Some affiliates will do it, some affiliates won't do it, and a lot of it depends on a lot of things, but ideally I want my affiliates to send out five emails as possible. Three emails pre-event and then two emails post-event, like replay emails. That's our end goal, and that's what we found. If we can get them to do at least that, that's when the EPCs are the highest form. Like I said before, a lot of times it's hard to convince a JV partner to do that because sometimes there's a two week lag before they actually see how much money they actually made and make sure the EPCs worked. I'll talk about ways to counteract that tomorrow with the traffic stuff. That's the goal. I just put it here on page 35. I put an example of the emails that our affiliates send out. Most affiliates take these and tweak them to make them their own. These are templates of the core things we wanted to make sure we included in it. One big thing for ours, when we created our webinar, we wanted to make something that was mass appeal enough that we could really ramp up the traffic. Tomorrow we're going to talk a lot about traffic. One of the problems a lot of times some of you guys are going to get into with some of this traffic generation stuff is if your webinar is too niche specific, you can only sell for that one niche, which can be a really good thing. Because then you've got niche lists and things like that, but if you want to make it mass appeal, you have to a lot of times change your messaging. The first time we sold this, a year prior, it was not very mass appeal. It was like how to become an internet marketing consultant in your area, run a dot com series local chapter, and it was really more targeted towards existing internet marketers. We created this with mass appeal so I could drive traffic from a whole bunch of different ways and it would still make a lot of sense. I actually went out to Ryan Dice's office and spent some time with him and his business partner, his name is Perry Belcher. Perry told me of all the different offers they've ever done. The one that was most successful was an offer called Let's Get Social. Who has ever seen that offer? That was the most successful offer they've ever created. He said the reason why is because it was mass appeal. I'm going to teach you how to build a website and do all these kinds of things. It was mass appeal. I'm going to teach you how to be a social media manager. You can make $45 an hour and you can start tomorrow. That was his pitch. You can go down to the mall and tell 20 people in the mall that most of them would be interested in it. For me, I was like, if I want to do mass media, we need to make sure it's more generic. That's why I feel like these emails, you know, it's a lot more about a job, about a business, things like that. We're trying to make it more mass appeal so it can appeal to a lot more people. Does that make sense? If you can do that in your business, it will open up a lot more traffic, things you can do with traffic. There's pros and cons of both ways. There's pros of being very niche-specific where you can mine really deep inside of a niche. There's pros of going more broad where you can do more mass appeal. There's kind of both. I just want to throw it out there so you guys, when you're building your thing, think about that. Are you focusing on mass appeal or are you focusing more on a niche market? Those are both things. Don't try to be one to do both. Try to pick one or the other. Okay, so page 35, 36, and 37 are some of those emails, and 38 and 39. You see some of the emails we put in there. Okay, so that's everything pre-event. That's all that's happening prior to someone actually watching the event, right? Let's leave this out again really quick. Okay, so we're driving traffic coming in. We're coming to a registration page. And these emails are being sent coming in. So that's kind of what we've covered so far. And pre-framing them before they're coming here as much as possible. Okay, now they've watched this. Now they're registering for the webinar. Okay, so again, at the end of this book is the report that Rich Sheffrin wrote like two years ago on automated webinars. When you guys read this tonight, one of the things he's going to talk about is, he talks about something called the intensification process. So this is one of the most important parts of the automated webinar. The intensification process basically, they register for the webinar right here. Okay, now they don't actually watch the webinar until over here. So it might be a day later, two days later, three days later before they actually watch the webinar, right? So right here, you've got this time right here. And your goal of this time is to intensify the relationship, okay, the intensification process. Now prior, in fact, in my webinar right now, this is one of the things like, something I wanted to do and just have not had time to do. We're in the process right now of building our intensification process. So I'm explaining what we're doing and why we're doing it. And hopefully it'll give you guys some ideas. And you can still use ideas because that's kind of what we're testing out. I don't have any results yet, but I think it'll do really good. So the first thing is after some registers for the webinar, the first email is sent out to me, it's going to take you to a page. It looks kind of like the page on number 40, on page 40. I stole this from Dustin and Dave. That's a picture of Dave Van Hoos, he's Dustin's business partner in the speaking empire business. And if you look here, this is kind of a blog post. And at the top, there is, I'm going to throw it over here. Oops. Here's the layout of the page. So at the top right here, this is kind of a typical product launch. So this has been an internet marketing industry for a while, you've probably seen this before. They come in, you sign up, there's a video right here, some text and people can leave comments about that video. And then a couple of days later, unlocks video number two, new video, text, and unlocks video number three, video text, unlocks video number four, and it sells the product. Okay, it shows it right out here. Video number one is open, video number two is locked, and it's locked. So it gets people like, oh, what's next thing that's going to happen? What's next thing that's going to happen? Okay, so what we're going to be doing, what we're implementing, is this kind of a process. Whoa, can you hear me now? Okay, so we're kind of implementing this type of a process. We're actually going to be taking through a couple of videos to warm them up and get them intensified about what it is we're talking about. So when we started doing this, I was like, what should we put on these videos? I have no idea what, you know, I can talk about Documseer's local, we can show testimonials, like what should I be doing? And then I started looking at the years and years of product launches that have been happening in the internet marketing space. And there's pretty much two or three guys that have kind of orchestrated most of the launches. Guys like Jeff Walker, Frank Kern, Andy Jenkins, some guys like that have been doing most of these launches. And so I emailed all of them and said, hey, when you guys do your videos like this, what's the process? What do you, you know, I know there's not just like some kind of method to your madness, what is that? And Andy Jenkins actually wrote me back, it sent me an email that was so powerful. I actually included his response here in the book for you guys. But this is how we're structuring our videos. So he said, he said in a typical launch, they have four videos that they do. Okay? The first video is called the wow and how. The second video is called transformational education. The third video is called the ownership experience. And then the fourth video is called the offer. Okay? So I figured, man, that's what they're doing to get someone warmed up to do their product launches. They're doing like $20 million in a day. Like that's the same process I want to use to intensify my people when they're coming to watch the webinar. Okay? But obviously I'm just doing three videos because number video number four is the offer, which the webinar is the offer. So I'm only doing three videos. So this is, I'm going to kind of explain what each of these are. The first one's the wow and how. So this is what Andy said in his email. He said, the wow, excuse me, when he was explaining, he was explaining his video, which was a video boss. So it's all about how to make money with online videos. So that's why these responses are referencing the video boss. So just so you know, he said the wow online video gets more money than anything. The how lets the, let's look at how Amazon uses video. Here's the New York Times says about video. And let's look at what search end results are for video. And here are some results that I've had using video. Okay, so the first is the wow and how. So the wow and how on whatever it is, this big opportunity that you're sharing with people. What could it be? Okay? So for him, it was like, video is the greatest thing in the world. Let me show you how videos are being used and how I'm using it and how we're making money with it. To kind of explain, here's the big opportunity to get people excited, right? So if you fast forward to page number 43, this is the video. This is the video script that I'm going to be recording probably Thursday in our office for our wow and how video. So our wow and how video, we're calling it the $800 billion opportunity. And this is kind of my script. I just kind of pointed out the script and I'm just going to kind of record it more freestyling. But these are the things that I talked about. First thing, again, these are actually my notes to myself. I just kind of thought I made these and then we make the book. I'm like, I'm just going to throw these in here as well. So there's probably tons of typos in here and there's a whole bunch of weird stuff. And these are my notes to myself. So just take that for what it's worth. So the first thing I need to remember, I need to do a pattern interrupt. This is going to be the very first video that actually introduced to me. Because if you remember on the registration page, they're introduced to Brett, but they haven't heard from me yet. They don't know my voice or anything about me. So this is going to be where they're introducing myself. Like, I'm Russell. You kind of heard about me from Brett. Let me explain who I am. So I'm bridging that gap. I must intro the opportunity and also raise the problems why they can't do it on their own yet. And I'm going to play the same music that we had from the Brett Curry video, the kind of like jingle that was playing. If they want to carry on that bridge. Okay, the setup. Again, I wanted a pattern interrupt. I didn't want to be in front of my whiteboard like I normally do. I wanted some different. So I'm going to be driving actually downtown Boise. There's a place called the train depot. Has anyone been to the train depot yet? It's beautiful. It's like this train depot that overlooks all of Boise. So I'm going to be driving my car talking about this opportunity. Get up there. I'm going to get outside and look over all of Boise. Look at the opportunity that's happening here in Boise. So that's what I'm going to try to do to make the video a little different. And then here's the script basically is introducing myself and make fun of my age, make fun of my looks, talk about how blessed I am. I'm going to emphasize the webinar, how excited I am for them. They get to be on this webinar. And I'm going to talk about the $800 billion opportunity, why most people are doing it wrong right now. But first I want to show you guys something. So that's going to be me driving in my car. First I want to show you something. Then we'll pull up to the train depot. So below me here is the city of Boise. Each year they're going to have $50 million that are being spent on internet marketing services that people are just waiting to spend. Right now they're spending on stupid stuff like yellow pages and things like that that don't work. And there's money out there that's being spent in dumb places because no one's out there to tell them about it. I'll explain offline internet marketing consulting. I'm going to talk about how small businesses are hurting. I have a really cool picture of a blockbuster that says out of business on it. I'm going to show you that picture. The stores are going out of business left and right. They're hurting right now. But the old methods don't work. Things like yellow pages, all these things they've come to know just aren't working anymore. I'm going to talk about that, talk about how powerful it is. And how they know internet marketing is important. And right now there's tons of gurus popping up talking about this opportunity, but all of them are doing it wrong. I'm the only person that's doing it right. Again, I want to distance myself from them because I don't want them saying, oh well I saw Kevin Wilkie talk about this last week. I want them thinking this is different than anything they've heard about before. So we're distancing me from other people. And then I'm going to show you a little sketch video of the Nerd Joe consultant. This is the promise with other people. They see this opportunity, but this is what other gurus are teaching and this is where they're struggling with it. I'll show you a little video of that. And then I said, what's strange about this is the fact that these businesses need help. You can make real money, but only if you do it the right way. And so we talked about this whole thing, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, and I shared some of your testimonials. So that's kind of my wow and how. That shows this whole opportunity, shows the problem, shows the frustration. And that's kind of what we're going to do for video script number one. So again, that's not done yet. We're filming that this week, but hopefully it'll be done by the end of the week. So that's number one. Now video number two is called the transformational education video. So this one, this is what Andy said. He said, let's do a video together. Here's how I write the scripts, how I make the slides, here's how I make the images and the animation. Here's the software and the hardware I use. So for me, because I'm not actively going out there and selling internet marketing services locally, I couldn't be like, let me show you how I do this because I personally don't do it. Obviously a lot of people on our team are doing it now and a lot of people do it. But I personally don't go and talk to chiropractors and sell services. So what we did is we took Luke Harlan, who's one of our case studies, lives out in Baltimore, and I actually gave him some money to hire a film crew. And he did a day in the life of him. And he just finished filming it Thursday. He's mailed me the tapes that should be here today. But he was awesome. He went through and he interviewed his wife and his family and showed them eating breakfast together. And then I went to the gym and he worked out and he showed himself there. And he actually got one of his clients and let them come and pitch the client and get the whole thing on tape. So we had a whole day in the life of an internet marketing consultant. And we're going to just take that down and try to make a five or ten minute video out of the whole process. So you can see, because I want people to have this transformational experience so they can see themselves doing that. Because they can step into that for a minute and feel that just for a minute. It's going to make them want that. So we show that by again by showing Luke. Here's Luke. He's just like you. This is how he's doing it right now. And Luke's a good case study for us because he did a 30 day challenge three times in the first 30 days. So he made great money. He's got really good residuals coming off it. So he knows what he's doing. So he used that for our transformational experience. And I'm not going to read this whole thing because this is the script I kind of gave him. And then he went off on his own tangent because I didn't really know what his life was really like. So I'm like, yeah, go and hang out with your friends. And he's like, I don't actually have any friends, but I'll go and do this. No, just kidding. The whole like gym thing was his idea. He's like, I'm going to go fill myself with gym working out. He's really, really cool. So Luke is a rock star. So I'm excited to get the video back and we're going to clip that down. That'll be video number two. And then video number three in the process is the ownership experience. So Andy Jenkins said, he says, what is it like to live with the videos you made and how can you use them to hant your equilibrium? Here's where I post my videos. Here's how I promote my videos. Here's where I get my videos ranked on the search engines. And here's how you can find the very best ways to use video as a marketer. Okay, so for ours, what we found in our business, the three major concerns people have with Jordan.com Secrets Local is one of them, their technophones, phobes. And they don't know how to use the internet. Okay, I don't know how to technology. The next one is like people that are like really good networking, but that's all they know how to do. Like they just want to network and go to B&I meetings and things like that and meet people. And third of the people just want to dial on the phone. So we did this whole fun thing in our company, which had three of our support people that were running support for.com Secrets Local, our content shares team. And we basically said, okay, for the next 30 days, you're going to be the networker. All you can do is network. All you can do is the next guy is the dialer. He can just call people on the phone. The next guy is the introvert. And all the introvert you can do is sit on the computer and can't talk to people. And Josiah actually played the introvert. You want to wave back there? He's very introverted, as you can tell. And so we said, okay, we want to show that it doesn't matter if you're an introvert, you're scared of talking to people. You can make money in this business. It doesn't matter if you never use the internet, but you can go talk to people. You can network. And if you don't want to network with people, but you're good on the phone, you can work in this business. So for 30 days, that's all they were able to do. And we kind of did a video case study of all these guys. And after 30 days, each of them all made money selling services just doing that. So we had a really good case study of, okay, if you were a networker, you want to go network with people, follow this path. And then if you're an introvert, follow this path. And so it kind of made it real to a lot more people. So for us, we started building out the ownership experience. We wanted to tie those things together. Because again, someone's introverted, we want them to own that part. And like have their ownership over the whole experience. Like, man, I really could do that. I could put myself in these shoes. And so if you look back here on page 48 for our script, it's basically, I intro at the very beginning that I kind of come back through. I show them, here's Kelsey that runs our support. Here's Oliver, our office. I want to introduce you to the three people that are just like you who've gone through this over the last 30 days. I'm going to interview Josiah. Josiah, I know you're scared to talk to people on the phone. Tell me the experience. What did you do? How much money were you able to make? What were you able to do? And get him kind of sharing. This is what I was able to do without ever calling him on the phone. And then go through and interview the dialer, interview the networker, and get all those type of things. And that way it becomes very real and very tangible no matter what kind of personality they have. So those are the three videos we're building out right now for our intensification process. Okay, it's what will happen. So we have a register right here. And I'm going to talk about list segments next. You'll kind of make more sense. But we have a list segment just for everyone who registers. And day one, immediately they'll get the first email. Day two they get second email. Day three they get the third email. Now no matter what, sometimes people are registering and they're watching the webinar right here. But even if they watch the webinar and they buy or they don't buy, it's okay to send them video number two and video number three. It's going to strengthen the sales. If they decide to buy it, all of a sudden they see Luke making money. And they see the next thing and they're like, man, this is exciting. This is possible. Okay, so it's okay to still show people videos even though they've already signed up. I know a lot of people, last time I mentioned this, had a lot of concern. Like, how am I going to make sure that nobody, they see all three videos before they see the offer? And I don't think that's important. This isn't like a big launch sequence. It's more we're trying to intensify that relationship they have with you. So it'll be more likely to purchase while they're on the webinar. That make sense? Okay. I know Rich Sheffrin, he was the one that taught me this again from the report. He does a great job. He shows different videos, different things like that during the couple of days just to get people excited about that and understanding him. So that way when they show up on the webinar, it's basically a big, huge pre-frame. What's the pre-frame I can create before they actually show up at the webinar? Okay. Who's got questions about that? I know we're covering a lot of stuff really fast. Just run the mic down here. What happened to the introvert after day two? Hold on. What's that? What happened to the introvert after day two? Something in the book here? What happened to the introvert after day two? He just appears for about a week. Oh. Yeah, he's kind of a freak. He doesn't want to be on the videos. Yeah, for those of you guys who didn't.com Seekers Local, it was hard to get to your site every day to make a video. Explain what he did that day, but we tried our best. They didn't all record a video, but it was hard to get to your site every day. Yeah. There's not a question. Yeah, let's ask this room mic real quick. So I was just wondering how you actually then serve those videos up. Are they in an email that you send out to them or are you sending emails with links back? Or what are you doing to actually get those two people? Get those two people so they see them. I'm making a page that looks identical to this, what I have on page number 40 here, which basically is like a blog. So they can see the video here and they can comment because we want social proof. Okay, the biggest thing like, the reason why if I get a thousand people in the room and I can sell a lot more of the ads is because they're social proof. People get excited, they're jumping around in the back of the room, cause of social proof. So online, the only way we can mimic social proof is like this. Maybe with blogging and commenting. If you see like 5,000 blog poster or, all right, you know, 150 blog posts, whatever it is, people commenting on it. That's your ability to create social proof. What's cool about it is that automated webinars, those comments can be bigger and bigger. And, you know, a year from now you're going to have a thousand comments, two years from now it can be 5,000. It just keeps getting bigger. So someone that shows up the very first day and they're like, holy crap, 5,000 people have already commented on this video. It's got to be good. So this is something you can plug in. There's a really good script called Optimize Press. It's $97. Go to OptimizePress.com. It'll build out these pages for you. It's a script you install. But then, so if somebody signs up for the webinar, right, or then they go into the intensification process. So are you then sending them an email with a link to this page? Yeah. And that's when you're sending them back to the page. Okay. That's what I was trying to figure out. Okay. Great question. Yeah, we're sending emails out. So basically the first three emails are going out or talking about, okay, go watch this video. Go watch this video. Go watch this video. Okay, other questions? Got here and here. That's what I was going to say. Are you setting that up in our responder? Yeah, so the question was about setting up an odd responder. Yes, we are. Two questions. One, about how long do you think these videos will be? And two, would you do this process for just higher end products or? Good question. So I'm guessing, again, I don't know until we're actually done with it. I'm guessing each of the videos would be anywhere from 10 to 15 minutes. The ones look probably a little bit longer because you documented a whole day and we got to trim it down. Kind of the rule of thumb that I learned was kind of inappropriate, but I'll share it anyway. So basically the rule of thumb is, you probably heard this before, you want to be similar to a girl's skirt. It needs to be long enough to cover the subject, but short enough to be interesting. That's kind of like the thing. So if it gets too long where it's really boring, you're boring people. But make sure it covers everything you need to cover, but it's still exciting and whatever. That's kind of the way we gauge it. It's not really a finite number. Sorry, for those of you I fended just right there. Oh, okay. She's like, I'm offended and I'm not asking you now. I'm not going to answer that. The other part of the question was, would you do this for just a high end product? Oh, I got you. No, so with our webinar we're building it out for our continuity program. We're going to do it as well. It's a $97 monthly continuity program, so we're going to do it there as well. I probably won't go as quite, we're doing a bigger production on this one just because obviously we're making a lot of money right now. The other one's probably a lot smaller. You can do them pretty cheap. You can do them like flip camera ones. It doesn't have to be high production. It's all about, again, pattern interrupts. Sometimes a cheesy, dorky video will do better than a Hollywood style type thing. Again, a lot of this stuff is like so far, we've had this thing for four months and I haven't done the videos yet. So it's not something, before I launch this thing, I make sure all my intensification videos are in there. Don't just get the thing out there and then start, okay, now what else? Okay, we're talking about this and we add this in there. Let me add this in there. The biggest thing I found, Michael's mentioned earlier, is getting stuff out there is the biggest part and then you find out if it works, it doesn't work, it does work, okay, now we can tweak and change and improve and you make it better and better and better along the way. Cool. Questions? Nothing. Awesome. Okay, so does that make sense? You guys want those three videos? So if you guys see Andy Jenkins, thank him for letting me rip them off because that was, when he sent that email, I was just like, perfect, exactly what we're going to do for our videos. Okay, so you guys have examples of our scripts right there you can use to model. Okay, we're going to take you 30. Okay, we are about an hour into it. Do you want to do like a quick, like 10, 15 minute bathroom break before I walk in all the list segmentation stuff because it's kind of heavy. Okay, let's take a quick 10 minute break and then the list segmentation stuff, the only thing we come back, you guys will really love that because this is really what makes an automated webinar so much more powerful than a typical webinar is understanding the whole list segmentation stuff. That's like the bread and butter, what runs the whole thing behind the scenes. So let's come back in about 10 minutes.