All right, so we're gonna get started today. Today's gonna be awesome. Yesterday you learned how to build a webinar, the psychology of all those pieces, the system. Today's fun because it's how to drive traffic to it. And you're gonna learn ways to drive traffic to something on the internet that you may not have thought before. Really, really cool stuff, secret stuff that we use in our office all the time. So without any further ado, if Russell is ready, we'll bring him up to teach you how to drive massive amounts of traffic to your automated webinar. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. All right, hope you guys had a great night. I went home last night and went to IHOP with my kids and we had so much fun. One of my twins, the Dish Turn 6, Joe and Joe signed them back. You sit in there at dinner and you're like humming this song or like kind of singing the song. And I was like, what are you singing? He goes, gaga, ooh la la la. I'm like, are you singing Lady Gaga? What in the world are you doing? You're a six-year-old boy. Anyway, it was this funny thing. And all night long, because he knew it bothered me, he kept singing it over and over and over again. So it's so much fun. So I'm excited to be here today. I got some good sleep last night. I was watching videos to kind of prep for today and passed out in my chair at the house and my wife opened it. I'm like, you need to come to bed. I'm like, oh yeah, okay. So hopefully I learned everything through osmosis, probably half an hour of it was coming into me when I was sound asleep. So we'll pray that it comes out for you guys today. Okay, so a couple of things. Yesterday, obviously, we spent a lot of time talking about building a webinar, building the sales funnel. I know that some of you guys are here from Dotcom Cegers Local and you came because you already have a sales, we basically gave you guys an automated webinar. So you're coming more for the traffic part. So today's gonna be a lot more applicable to a lot of you guys. And then people who are here from ClickFusion or people who just wanna run the webinar, today's obviously gonna be helping you learn how to take your webinar and scale it up and grow it really, really quickly. So we have a lot of different ways to drive traffic. The biggest thing about driving traffic is there are so many different ways to do it. I'm gonna be sharing with you guys the core ways that we're doing it, the strategies we're trying out, things that are working, things that I think are gonna be working and just try to give as much value and information and resources as possible so you can take these things back home and start rocking and rolling with them. That sound good? Yeah. Trial closed, you guys catch that? Yeah. That was another one. I'll keep going all day. Go ahead, so. Okay, the first thing I wanna talk about, basically this morning I'm gonna be talking a lot about email stuff. I got three core things we're talking about solo ads, about free solo ads and about buying lists. So that's gonna be the three things we cover this morning before the break. And I'm actually gonna be probably picking on Kurt Christensen a little bit during this as well. Kurt's the guy back there, the tall guy in the back that you guys met yesterday. His webinar's doing over 100 grand a month right now and he's doing a lot of stuff through solo ads, a lot of stuff through ad networks. So I'm probably gonna have him come up a couple times today and share some stuff he's doing just because I know behind the scenes a little bit what he's doing and some exciting things. And so I want him to share some stuff as well. So I wanna put him on the spotlight as well. So let me kind of step back as traditionally when most of us build our webinars, the first thing we're looking at is joint venture partners, right? Who can get a front list of things? I wanna make a bunch of money really, really fast. And the problem is if you don't have a list or you don't have an existing relationship, things like that, it can be really hard immediately to go out there and get joint ventures. And that was always kind of a big sticking point for a lot of our students, a lot of people who were trying to do this, is like, well if I don't have a list right now, how am I gonna get someone else to promote my thing and I'm kind of the chicken and the egg type syndrome. And I never really had a good answer for that. There was things you could do, you know, just search engine stuff and buy traffic and there's kind of slower ways to do it. There wasn't really a good way where someone who didn't have a list could go and really quickly get a big surge of traffic coming to their business. And then about a year and a half ago, we used to run a mastermind group. This year was the first year we didn't run it, but for three years I ran a big high-end mastermind group. People paid us $15,000 to be part of it. We met three times a year and the last year we did it, one of our meetings was at a place called Pirates Cove in Las Vegas and anyone ever been to Pirates Cove in here, ever heard about it? You've been to before? Really, very rarely people have even heard of it. It's, you guys familiar with the company New Skin? So a big MLM, one of the partial owners of New Skin who had way more money than he needed or wanted to start building these crazy houses all around the country and he built this one in Vegas called Pirates Cove and it's this crazy pirate house. There's five or six different properties on the thing. There's 20, I think 23 or 24 bedrooms there and it's just crazy, a big huge pirate theme. In the middle of the park, there's this huge pool and there's this big huge mass from a pirate ship that goes up and you climb up and you can dive off into the pirate, into the water. There's slides that go all throughout the property. It's just, it's the most insane, coolest place I've ever been. So we used to take our mastermind group there because it was a fun place to kind of hang out and really get to know people. Anyway, so we were there the last year and this guy came up to me, his name's Dagen Smith. Do you guys know Dagen? Dagen's one of my favorite marketers to watch online. He's in the how to make money and network marketing industry. If you wanna see someone who's probably the best, I think right now, communication with his list and how he gets his list to do things, Dagen's the best and so go sign up for his list if you can, just watch what he's doing because it's fascinating. But anyway, he was talking to me, he said, because he doesn't really promote other people's products and so it's hard for him to do joint ventures and stuff like that and get people to promote his products. So he was always going out trying to buy traffic. He was doing a lot of different things. And he came up to me and he said, hey Russell, I got this kind of crazy idea last week, I've been trying it out so far, it's working really good. He said, I had my assistant going to clickbank and pay.com, some other different marketplaces and he started contacting all the people with products and saying, hey, I see you got a product, I'm guessing you have an email list, I just wanna see if I can buy and add to your email list. So instead of asking to do a joint venture, just saying, hey, can I buy and add to your email list? And a lot of people will roll back and say, no, I'm not interested, no, I'm not interested. And then he started getting people saying, yeah, I'll sell you an ad in my list, I'll sell it to you for 500 bucks or 1,000 bucks or whatever it is. And so he started going person by person through clickbank and just started gathering a whole bunch of names and started trying to buy ads from different people. Okay, and again, this was the first time I'd ever seen, I see people kind of talk about it, I'd never seen anyone actually doing it and that's what he was doing and he was getting some pretty good results doing that. So kind of exciting. And then about that same time, we had some JV partners that we had done some stuff with, a company called selfgrowth.com, have you ever seen selfgrowth? So we had done some JV, I knew Dave Rickland, the owner pretty well, we'd done some stuff before. And so we had done this whole affiliate deal, he was gonna promote one of our products. And the day before they were supposed to promote it, his, their account rep emailed us and said, hey, we can't promote this because someone bought an ad in our list, we bumped yours. And I said, what do you mean? Like, well, someone else, we sell ads to our list and someone else paid us $1,500 and bought your spot. So we pulled them out and put you back in. First I was like, okay, whatever. So then a week or two later, they finally ran our, ran our offer, they approached their list and we ended up sending them a commission check for like $6,000 or $7,000. And I was sitting there thinking, I was like, wait, we just paid you $6,000 so that email drop, the dude you bumped me for, you, he just paid you $1,500 for that thing. And I was like, how does, how does the whole thing work? And they explained that the core business is based off of just selling ads. So I'm like, well, man, I wouldn't much rather just buy ads and pay you affiliate commissions. And lo and behold, they were more excited by that too, which still doesn't make any sense to me. So we started just buying ads from them and we've paid a ton of money from them and haven't paid them that much. So that was really good. And then we started like, look, I was like, this is, they can kind of open my eyes to this opportunity and then self growth was like the first kind of time we tested it out. And so we started kind of getting more and more into this thing of like, where are these lists that we can find that we can rent ads in? So it's so much easier than joint ventures. I don't have to negotiate, you know, I don't have to reciprocate, I don't have to do anything else. It's just kind of like, let's find a list and let's promote it. Now a little bit, about the same time, I was in another mastermind group, Bill Glazer's mastermind group. And Bill normally does them out in Baltimore, which is a horrible play. Worse than boys, you had to go to visit if anyone, anyone hear from Baltimore? I should have prepped this out before I, so anyway. But one time Bill thought he would do something nice and he let us have our mastermind group in Paradise Island down in, what's that, or Palma's, yeah. It's went down there and he invited a couple other speakers to come and speak. And one of the guys he brought was a guy named Patrick Coffey at a time he was working for Early to Rise doing their email media buying. And again, I didn't really know what that meant at the time. I kind of had hearing things, but he did their email media buying. So I sat down with him for a couple hours and just said, what are you guys doing? He said, well, basically, we go out and we find these huge list owners and we're just buying ads and all these different lists. And he said, that's all I do all day, is just buy ads in people's lists. And I was like, that's pretty cool. And he started explaining the whole thing, how it worked. I got really excited. So I actually hired him for the day. We paid him, I kept him for $5,000 or $10,000. We flew him out here to the office for the day. He spent a whole day with us just going over what they do and how they do it. And he gave us a whole list of resources of all the different places they're buying lists from. And I just opened my mind to like, holy crap, this is this huge world out there of these lists. You can just buy it. And so in fact, I had some of the resources and lists he gave us in here, I think on page number 58. So then we started buying ads in these lists. We had some that were complete flops, some that were huge successes, and it went from there. And then it's kind of gone on. And so I just want to share with you guys some of the things that are working for us, some of the things I kind of stumbled along the way. But this is one of the most exciting things. I think of all the ways we drive traffic outside of joint ventures, this is probably our number two way we're driving traffic right now. And it's probably my favorite way, though, because joint ventures always come with some kind of strings attached. If anyone does joint ventures, you probably notice that. Everyone's like, well, I'll do it. But if I promote for you, you owe me. And I want this thing in return somewhere down the line. And I don't like only people's stuff. So solo ads are really great. OK, so if you go on page, let's see. Let's text page 57 first. I want to talk about with solo ads. Now there's a lot of places to buy solo ads. And I have a lot of resources here for internet marketing lists. I can share with you some of the personal development places we're buying. But there's places all over the place. Kurt was telling me yesterday he's buying all in financial newsletters. One of our, you guys know Brett Curry, he was telling us that he does similar type thing just in his local market, though. That's how he's done a lot of his local stuff, so the DCS local people. He's just gone and he's fine people like printers and fine people that are local businesses who have customer lists and he just buys ads to their local customers. He either buys ads or does joint ventures and things like that. And he's getting his local people with local lists in his local area to promote his products. He's getting tons of traffic at a local level. So some really easy strategies to do. And again, I'm just going to show you where we're buying lists, but they're available on pretty much any market you can think of. You just have to go look for them. And I'll show you some ways to look for them. The first thing I want to talk about, so page 57 there, see this is a picture of we ran an ad in town hall daily. And this was back prior to, so this is probably four years ago, who was back when the Democratic pre-election things were happening with Clinton and Obama were fighting it out. And a lot of places that we buy our ads are funny enough, conservative Republican news sites. For whatever reason, conservative Republicans love buying crap. Have you guys noticed that? It's the greatest thing. I don't know why. They buy all sorts of stuff. How to make money. They buy just all sorts of different industries. So if you're looking like, I would bet most of you guys, who has ever done a profile of their customers? Yeah, there's not many of you guys. It's something you should do. You can go and you can take it and you can do a profile. They run all these different tests on your customer list. And they come back and say, OK, your target customer reads these newsletters. They are this age. It's how they vote and blah, blah, blah. So we did that a couple of years ago. And the majority, I don't know, 90% of our customers were all conservative Republicans. So for us, obviously, promoting on conservative Republican news sites is great for. So townhall.com is one of these sites. And I don't really care what political belief you are, because I don't even know what I am. I don't really care. I don't follow it at all, because it just makes me depressed. So it's not anything about beliefs at all. It's just about where are your buyers at. And for us, that's where they're at. So running an ad. And the first time we read an ad in town hall, I was like, have this mindset. We're just going to scale this thing. So here's one ad. It's converting really good over here. Let's just run the same ad. So we threw the ad in the newsletter. And we spent a couple of thousand bucks for the ad. And it completely bombed. I don't think we had any sales. We got a little bit of traffic, but almost nothing. I was like, this whole solo ad thing is a bunch of crap. It doesn't really work. I kind of blew it off for a minute, right? And luckily, I complained to the right people. And they told me I was stupid. And kind of gave me some ideas. I was like, oh, OK, you're right. So one thing that they taught me was, if you look at this right here on this ad on page 57, notice how we tried to match our ads to look and feel of the actual newsletter. If you look at the top there, there's a big huge banner out across the top. And on the left-hand side, it looks like two Google ads. And the right-hand side is like a banner ad. That's one huge banner ad. So the top says, Hillary's worst nightmare. An honest, improving way to build wealth and fight tax increases. And then Obama's dirty little secret, discover wealth-building secrets liberals don't want you to know about. And then the other one, warning, protect your money from Clinton and Obama. Now, do you think this was speaking to the right audience at the time? People who are very angry about that fact. Now, if you go to the left-hand side to scroll down, you'll also notice we've got another one of our ads down there. And it says, featured opinions and news. And then Russell Brunson made my escape from the nine to five Bailey grind. And no longer have to worry about the taxes because I can earn enough money to offset what I owe Uncle Sam. And then Andrew Plowne, $1,600 in one day. I just wanted to start part-time business from home so I could still be home with my kids. After meeting with Russell, we launched our first product and made it over $1,000 in one day. But if you notice, in this newsletter, look at the left-hand side. You've got the article column from Bill O'Reilly. You've got Robert Novak. You got Michael Barone. You got Amanda Carpenter. And then boom, my thing right there looks like a news article, right? It fits right in with the look and the feel of the newsletter. It's not this blazing ad that's popping out saying, I'm an ad. It's part of the content. So people are like, oh, sweet. There's an article from this guy named Russell Brunson. He's actually making money. Boom, they click on it. And guess where I take him? Not to my sales letter. We talked about this yesterday. Remember the pre-framed stuff? We took him from this page now to an intermediate page where we connected this whole thing, had an article talking about it, and then pushed him off to our actual offer. That make sense? So for us, basically, we had an intermediate page in there. Crap, I'm on my markers today. How much did they go for? Did I? Sweet, you want to bring them up? OK, so how much did they go for? I want some of them. Give me a little bit back. So it's an intermediate page. And the intermediate page basically says it doesn't matter who wins Clinton or Obama. We're screwed pretty much either way. The only recourse you have is to make more money. And we've got assistance going to show how to make more money. That was the bridge that we gapped to push them back over. So when you start buying, especially in ads like this, we're paying a couple thousand bucks for an ad when you get to the bigger newsletters. You want to make sure that it's not just you're throwing in whatever ads work in the past. You want to look at the actual audience and spend time figuring out what they're talking about, getting their shoes, and getting the understanding. I would try to get on everyone's newsletter that I'm going to be buying in and just watch a couple of emails that are going out and seeing what they're sending and seeing how they're communicating with their audience. And then when we're buying our ad, we try to match it so that we're in sync with what they're talking about. I can't remember what's copyright. One of the famous copywriters back in the day said, you want to get into the conversation that's already happening in your consumer's mind. So this is what it's all about. They're already complaining about Obama. They're complaining about Clinton. They're freaked out. They're scared. How do we get in that conversation? How do we take that conversation and leverage it into what it is we're trying to sell? So that's one of the big parts, is making sure that when you're buying ads, you're looking what's already being sent out and you're matching the message. If you do that, that's going to give you a huge hurdle and can help your everything, your EPC, your conversion, everything, because you're going to be speaking to the right people. That make sense? Now, a lot of these ads are going to be email ads that look like this one in town hall. It looks like almost like a web page. There's banner ads and all sorts of stuff. Other of them are like solo ads where you just have a tech space ad. There's a whole bunch of different variations. Everyone's different. So again, it's all about getting on the newsletters, seeing what they're doing. When you find out about advertising and trying to figure out what's going to be the best fit for what you're trying to do. All right. So that's the first thing I want to talk about. Now, if you go to page 158, there's a whole bunch of resources here. A lot of these are for the internet marketing industry. So one of my favorite ones right here in the internet marketing industry, which actually converts over to a lot of other different types of products. Anyone who's trying to make money or start a business, things like that. SoloAd Directory.com is a really cool directory. It's a guy named Reed Florin put together. And he just basically has a whole bunch of solo ad vendors. What's cool about it is that, secondly, it's a soloaddirectory.com for a blog. What he actually does is every time he buys an ad, he posts his results on that ad. So hey, I just bought Joe's Sonsos Ad. I spent $500. I sent him to this landing page. I got this many clicks. I got this many opt-ins. How much money I made off it. So it's a really cool resource. You can kind of see how much, you get an idea of how the whole market works. How much you should be spending, what's working, what kind of conversions. And it gives you a really good idea. So I love that Reed's been doing that. We've been watching him for the last probably six months or so. And we just kind of buy the same ads he's buying. He buys one and we see it. We buy the same one. Just kind of follow up and piggyback all the ones he's doing. And the ones that have bad results, we obviously don't do it. So that's kind of one resource. Another one is buysolos.com. Again, this is more like another internet marketing type resource. And another one in the Warriors forum. I have a love-hate relationship with the Warriors forum. But one nice thing about it is there's a whole section where people do solo ads. So listen, they post solo ads here. The most part, they are kind of more in the make money industry. But I've also seen them in the health industry. I've seen some personal development stuff. I've seen a couple other in there. And so this is kind of a forum. And that section, the forum, if you go in there, you'll see how much people posting a whole bunch of different types of solo ads in there. And you kind of find them and work off of there. Now, in the internet marketing world, these sites right here, what we're normally paying is about $0.30 per click. That's usually kind of like the ballpark about what we're spending. And we talked yesterday, obviously, about EPC. So if you can spend $0.30 for a click and you're making $2 or $3 or $4 EPC, how often would you guys do that? Pretty much forever, right? OK, so this is the whole goal of this whole business. Here's your automated webinar. You want to create this box in here. This is going to be a smiley face box, where you're able to put $1 of advertising in, and hopefully, out of the back end, you get $2 back out. As soon as you can create that, you've got a winner. And that's all about just how much money can we dump in the front of this thing, and how much money is going to fall back out in the back of it. And so all the things we talked about yesterday is how to turn $1 into $2. The scripting of the webinar, the layout, the sales, process, all those type of things that are in here. So when you first put your thing out, that a lot of times you'll launch, you put it out, you put a $1 advertising in, it comes out and you only make $0.50. A lot of people are like, oh, that was a failure. I'm out. I'm not going to do it. But if you look at it strategically, say, OK, that's not too far off, and we need to be. We need it to break even. We tweak some things. Boom. Now you get to break even. Now you've got something where you're building a list, you're getting customers at no cost, which is a huge win. It was funny. You look at any other business in the world, and if they came in and said, hey, I sold a house, and I made $0, they're going to be pissed, right? But here you can sell something, make $0, and it's good because you just acquired a customer. Now you can sell them another product. You can do other things like that. But you can keep tweaking things and get a point where this now makes $2, $3, $4, and gets better and better and better. So that's obviously the goal. Everything we talked about yesterday. And now our goal is what are different ways we can put money into this. So solo ads are great. Again, in the internet marketing personal development space, they're usually, I said, about $0.30 a click. The way we do it is we always make sure that any time we contact any solo ad vendor, we make sure we get to know them first. We don't just go and buy the ad. A lot of these guys, especially these ones at the top of the list here, if you click on their site, they'll have a whole page that shows, this is my list. This is what we talk about. You can sign up for my list over here. I can guarantee 500 clicks for this much. I can guarantee 1,000 clicks for this much. I can guarantee 5,000 clicks for this much. And they guarantee different things like that. And then you just basically buy the clicks and they send them your way. Now one kind of strategic thing that we're doing right now a lot that's working good for those who want to know a super cool trick is a lot of times we want to do a joint venture somewhere. Here's their product. Here's our product. Big smile. The problem is I don't want to always be promoting everybody else's products. A lot of times what we'll do is we'll go buy solo ads and promote this person's product. So we'll send this person 1,000, 2,000, 5,000 clicks through solo ads. It's costing me $0.30 a click. I'm making my affiliate commission of at least $0.30 a click, so I'm more than break even. And that person now has a list where they then promote our offer. Because that's kind of a strategic thing. If you want to promote a bunch of other people's offers, use these resources to become an affiliate for that person, drive a bunch of traffic for them, and then that way they get the sales and the traffic they want and they reciprocate back to you with their core main list. That's been working really, really good for us over the last couple months. You're saying it again. You're like, I know that was good. I just don't know what in the world he said. OK, so for example, let's just say this is Tony Robbins product. And I love Tony, but I just don't want to promote another thing to my list. So instead, I go and I go to solo ad directory or buy solos. And I go and I buy an ad from this guy, and this guy, and this guy, and this guy. And I promote all Tony Robbins product through my affiliate link. And I'm buying these clicks for like, so $0.30 a click. And then hopefully I'm making at least $1 per click. So I'm making $0.70 per click on each one. Now Tony loves me because I just send a whole bunch of traffic. He's getting a whole bunch of that kind of thing. And now I can say, hey, Tony, we've promoted your product. We made you a whole bunch of money. We sent you 5,000 clicks. Can you send 5,000 clicks over to our product? And he promotes to his list over to us. So I get the benefit of a joint venture without having to promote something else to my list. Yeah, so it works really good. So that's been good for us because prior, I mean, you look at two years ago, the whole joint venture game was, we had someone singing that had to promote ours. And we spent a couple of years and a half, two years doing that. And it's tough. Your list gets worn out. They don't like you as much. And I was like, this year, the last probably, I don't know, ever since the whole change in our business last nine months or so. If you guys noticed my list, we don't promote hardly any stuff anymore. Like, it's toned down so much because we want to build a relationship. We want you guys buying our products and our service and things like that. So I want to keep my list closer to me. So this is how we're able to do that. Go out there and buy ads, buy other people's list to drive traffic as an affiliate, get the rest of the process we want, and then have them promote ours. Does that make sense? So one guy that's doing this really good, in fact, Kurt and I were talking about yesterday, Mike Geary in the fitness industry. Mike's got a book called The Truth About Abs. He was one of the guys that hung out with him. Mike is, I don't know how he does it. He's brilliant. But he's a one e-book. He makes over $10 million a year with that one e-book. He's been doing it for the same product for six or seven years. Like, he has no other products. No other, it's just one thing. He's so focused. But he's like the king at driving traffic, right? Everybody loves his traffic. So what he'll do, because he won't do any one else's offers to his list he refuses to. So what he does, though, he knows he's great at driving traffic. So he comes back to these guys. And he'll go to someone who he knows has a big list. He knows he's getting a lot of traffic. And he'll just promote, he'll drive me. He does it all through banner ads and stuff. He'll drive over to me to that guy's site, sell a bunch of products, and call the guy on the phone and say, hey, I'm now probably your number one affiliate. Am I not? OK, sweet. What I want you to do is every single time someone buys your product, immediately afterwards I want you to upsell my product. Otherwise, I'm going to turn the traffic off. And they're like, huh. OK? And so what he just did now is now he owns that whole channel, that guy's whole channel. OK? So very, very, very, very, very smart. So there's. What's that? That's what's your property then. And you already have the money. Oh, yeah. OK, I got money coming in. I'm not going to promote it. Of course I'm not going to promote it. I don't want the money to go away. Yeah. Don't cut me off. Yeah. So a very smart strategy. So think about that. Like, this whole game, when you learn how to control traffic and you own traffic and you use stuff, it makes your business 1,000 times easier because you can do things that you have so much more leverage because everyone wants traffic. Everyone needs traffic. So if you kind of control that distribution channel, there's a whole bunch of deals like this you can set up. And I said, Mike's, I don't know. Who has created at least one product? Who's created like 10 products? Can you imagine making $10 million a year with $137 ebook? Like, the guy's nuts. But he's so focused and he's so good and he just keeps driving traffic, keeps driving traffic and setting these deals. And it's just, it's amazing what he does. I was really impressed with him. OK. So any questions about the kind of internet marketing solo out piece of this? Yeah, back here. You want to grab a microphone? There's your answer. You can see where you're. What you just talked about, is that, do you think that would apply for Dotcom Secrets Local? You go to a small business to say, I'm going to guarantee this much traffic for you and you buy the traffic for them? Great question. So Dotcom Secrets Local, there's a couple of different strategies because, you know, a lot of people like how to make money type people. So it's not going to be a perfect fit. But you can do the same thing in your local area. You can come back. For example, I know some of our guys, they'll go to like an accountant, for example. And I know the accountant's got a whole bunch of business owners who say, hey, we'll come in and we'll get our SEO for free. We'll send you a bunch of clients, a bunch of free traffic. I'll ask for exchange. You tell every one of your clients that I'm about us. Tell them to go watch the webinar or go tell them whatever it is. Because that person's, in fact, I think Kevin Wilkes came out with a product about this. He called the Center of Influence, where you go and you help that center of influence. You drive in traffic. You do whatever you can. But man, he's working with 80 different business owners, all of which should be using your services. And so if the accountant comes back and says, hey, this is my internet marketing guy. Check it out. I'm number one right now for Boise Accounting. He should do your stuff too. You guys are awesome. You can pick up 10, 15 clients overnight very, very quickly. So that's how we do this kind of thing. Same thing with a local printer. You come back and say, hey, we can help you get your rank number one for this. In exchange, if you'll send out the postcard about this webinar to every single one of your printing customers. There's a lot of different deals like that. Is Kyle in the room? He's not here. He's going to be in so much trouble. So Kyle was here yesterday. He'll probably be here later today. He has a strategy he's doing right now that works really, really good, where he goes into a shopping mall. And this is a brilliant strategy. So he comes into a shopping mall, like a strip mall. He goes into each of the stores and basically says, is that good? I thought it was Kyle walking in. I was going to have him tell the story. So he goes into each store and says, hey, how many customers on average do you have coming each month? And they're like, well, we have 500 people a month come into our store. This is the sushi place. And he goes next store and says, hey, how many customers do you have in coming each month? So I have 600 coming in. So he goes to all 10 stores and still strip mall. And he figures out between all 10 of these stores are getting 3,000 customers a month, whatever it is. And so he comes back to all these guys. They look, collectively, you're all getting about 3,000 customers a month. You're only getting 400 of them. How about we do this? Let's set up a joint venture between all the entire strip mall here, where basically what we're going to do is when anyone comes in, we're going to put their name in the email address. We'll give them some freebie to put them on the strip mall newsletter. And then he gets all these people on the strip mall newsletter. He controls that newsletter now. And then he comes back. And after a month, he's got 3,000 people on this newsletter. All the people have been coming to these local stores. And he does cross promotion. Sushi place, like I said, on Monday, all these people get emailed about the sushi place. And boom, they flood the sushi place. And Tuesday, they talk about the dry cleaner. Boom, they flood the dry cleaner. Wednesday, they do this. And they do joint ventures locally. Because everyone's got their own little list here. A lot of times, they don't even know they have lists. So he's coming in and basically taking control of all these people's lists. He manages the whole email list on the back. And then he's got that whole list now. And he's just driving traffic to all of them. So there's a lot of different ways you can strategically do that. But it's all looking at, again, somebody that has a list. And they've got customers. And they've got something. What kind of leverage? What can we do to either partner with that person or get that person to sell their list or not sell the list, but rent to us, add space in a list, a bunch of things like that? Does that help a little bit? Cool. Ken? Yeah? Got a question? Yeah. What do you do to five ads on a page like this? Are you tracking clicks and conversions for each of the individual little ads? Or is it just one big ad? Yeah. This is actually just two ads. The top one was one big banner ad. And the bottom one was one ad. But yeah, we track click-through rates and conversion on each of the ads. Because sometimes the top one, the whole warning, protection of Clinton and Obama, could be up there and get a lot of clicks that nobody could be buying from. Yet the feature story one could be. So we are tracking conversions off both of the different ads. Ken? All right. So now I'm going to skip down. Page 58, skip through in this. So I'll talk about it in a second. We come down to other lists we buy. This is a list of sites that Early to Rise was buying from. And again, Early to Rise, that was a company that Mariel and Tribu were working for. She's the one that took them from, again, $5 or $6 million a year to over $80 million a year. And she primarily did it with these lists right here. So these lists are worth a lot of money. They're gold. The first one I'm going to talk about is Archimax. This is the one that we buy the most from. Archimax is nice. They have a lot of different lists and a lot of different things. They let you test small ads. They let you test full ads, a whole bunch of things like that. So Archimax is one of the places we always go to first. It's great testing ground for almost any offer you can think of. They have so many lists and so much diversity in the type of list. So you go to Archimax and just contact any of the list brokers that are going to hold a view. And you show them what your offer is, and they'll tell you about it. And they'll figure out what's going to be the best fit for you. And I said Archimax is nice because what we'll do is we'll come in there and we'll buy just a banner ad or a top sponsor. Something that's kind of small that costs a lot less money. You can add anywhere from a couple hundred bucks up to a couple thousand bucks depending. But we always test first with a small banner ad just to see if we break even or make some money. Now if we break even or make some money, that means the audience was right, the message was right. And then we come back and we'll buy the entire email. So the whole ad is us. We'll send that out and you'll get three to four times the response from that because you have the whole ad and you've already tested it. So it's all about testing something small, then testing it big. Testing something small, testing it big. So you're not like losing your shirt going out there. But who here has ever bought from Archimax? You guys? Has it been good for you? Is it unwell for you? Cool. Yeah, it does really well for us always. Question up here? Mic runners? Mic the mic runner? It seems to me that the biggest benefit of buying lists is knowing what the profile is. We talked about profiling customers. What's the best way to really profile your customers? The way that we did the camera, a guy used to work for me. It's a credit report. They run the Experian or X Equipment. Who here has done it? I haven't done it for five or six years. Do you have your customer profile? Who knows? I'll find out for sure. I think it was through, I don't have the Melissa data. I'll find out and let you know. What's that? The AccuData? There's a lot of companies do that. They pull from all the same resources and databases. I had an employee used to work for me, and he did it for us. I can't remember who he used. AccuData? No, the Melissa data. It seems like I have another buddy who did the set that was telling us that we needed to do that. And it seems to me that that's the important thing. The Melissa data? Yeah. I think there's a couple of them. I'll find out. You guys know. Yeah, basically, I think there's a couple of them. I think there's a couple of them. I think there's a couple of them. I'll find out. You guys know. Basically, you take your customers, you give it to them, and their name, contact, whatever. And they go, and they just do all sorts of research. It's kind of freaky. When you start looking at how much data is on you guys, you can give me your email address. And from your email address, I can append everything. I can get pretty much everything about you. I can get your phone number, your house address. I can get your car as you drive. Magazine is just described to you in about 30 seconds. It's freaky how much. You can get any point of data, and I can pull almost everything you can dream about yourself. Tell me your Twitter ID. I can pull everything you've ever done. Well, speaking of, this is a side tangent. All of us right now are writing our own history, and it's being documented very clearly on the internet. So be careful what you do. Anyway, I teach a Sunday school class. And I have the 16-year-old kids, and I told them, I'm like, just you guys know. When I was 16 years old, I could do a whole bunch of stupid crap, and nobody knew about it. Today, all your friends are tweeting about it. They're on Facebook about it. And even if you don't talk about it, someone's talking about it, and your life is being documented. Again, if I know your Twitter ID, or I know your Facebook username, I can pull pretty much every piece of contact you can ever want about yourself. So while that's really freaky on one side, is markers, it's really good, because you can get anything you want about anybody. You can profile, you can get all sorts of stuff. They were just talking about that on the radio the other day, and now all the tweets are going to the Library of Congress or a part of the Library of Congress, say forever, because it could be important historical documentation. That's creepy. Has anyone read Jason Moffat's book about Twitter? No one's laughing, so no one's read it. Go to Amazon and type in Jason Moffat Twitter, and there's a book that'll come up. He's sitting on the toilet in the front. It's really funny. If you have a kid that's looking at getting a college scholarship, or you've got a kid that plays a sport in high school, their coach is checking Twitter and Facebook on them. Coaches are using that as a tool now to keep tabs on their kids. And when you're going through looking at getting a college scholarship, they actually have social media people now at the colleges that go and check all your background on what you've been tweeting forever, what you put on Facebook forever. That's awesome. So they want to know what kind of character they're getting before they get you. Yep. FBIC is the greatest tool for big cats. They've been working for 100 years to develop the database that's called Facebook. Facebook's been in the five years. That's awesome. The other thing is freaky. I was at a UPW Tony Robbins event, and my partner for one of the things was this girl. And we're talking about what she did for a living. And she works for this huge insurance company you guys have all heard of. She works under vision for her and like 150 people. And all they do all along, when the claims come in, they go and they have pretty faces, and they go and they try to friend you, and they watch what you're doing, and then they deny your claims because you've been doing whatever you've been doing, and then when you file the claim. So beware. Anyway, holy cow, that was way off of everything. OK. So Archimax is our test ground. Like I said, that's one of the best places. Like if you guys were looking where to buy it first, I'd probably go to Archimax. We're really good friends of mine over there telling them that you know me and tell me you want a huge discount. I have no idea if they'll give it to you, but you never know. It might work. And they're pretty fun guys over there. So I contact Archimax. They're good. If you're in the personal development space, Self-Grow's always done really well for us. And they're kind of crazy because, again, they're the ones I was talking about that we tried to enjoy adventures with, and they wanted us to pay them less money. But for example, like last week, they wanted us to buy an ad, and we didn't want to buy an ad. So how about this? We'll give you two ads for the price of one. Like, OK, that's great. So we've got two ads for the price of one, which means we broke even. We doubled our money on the very first ad, and everything else that was just free money. And so a lot of times, it'll serve you to get to know the people that are broke reading these lists because when they have ad space, like their employees, they're going to get fired to not fill these spots. So they're texting, OK, do you want to spot? We've got spots. We've got opening here, here, and here. Which day is going to be good for you? And so it's good to kind of get on these lists. Finally, the person that's doing this stuff gets to know them. And you can tell them, OK, I can't afford this right now. But if you have any openings come up, or someone cancels last minute, let me know. A lot of times, they'll come back, OK, we need to run something today. We can put it in for half price or things like that. So it's good to get some of those guys. Yeah. Can you give us a give cost? OK. Like Archimax, for example? Yeah. So the top section, the internet marketing is still a lot of my favorite because they all base off of Clips, which is so nice. Everyone else bases off of CPM, which is a horrible metric that I hate. And it's the stupidest thing in the world. Because our list is 16 million people, but it only gets clicked like 3,000 times. So what I always do, because they always want to quote you to CPM. So it's $100 CPM, or it's $50 CPM, or whatever it's going to be. I don't even look at those numbers because I think they're, again, I don't trust them at all. I just come back and say, OK, tell me. Similar people to my offer that ran in the last few months. And how many clicks do they get? And that's what I want to try to find out. And so they're going to quote you to CPM. I don't even know what a good CPM is. I never look at that. I just come back and say, OK, CPM is whatever. All I want to know is how many clicks, someone ran a similar offer, how many clicks do they get? And they'll say, well, they ran this list, and they were able to get 2,500 clicks. OK, so my ballpark, I'm going to try to get 2,500 clicks. The ad's going to be $3,000, so I'm paying $1,000, or whatever, per click. And that's kind of how our reverse engineer. Because again, CPM is such garbage, but that's what they all try to sell you on. So our list is 18 million people. So it's going to cost you $18,000 to send out to it. But they only get 10% inbox, 5% get open, and 1% click the rate. So you get 14 clicks for $18,000. And that actually happened to us last week. Yeah, that's the scam of the email world. So I would always make sure what are similar offers that are ran to this list to mind how many clicks do they get. Because they track the clicks on their side, they should know. And that's what I'm always looking for. So self-growth therapists are all flat-rated? He said self-growth. Yeah, exactly. So self-growth, all of them are flat-rate. But I come back to self-growth. Same as self-growth, before I should work with them, I'd say, OK, obviously this is your CPM, whatever. I don't really care about that. How many clicks are advertisers getting to your thing? And they'll show me, OK, so and so around in ad, he got this many clicks. This guy ran this many clicks. OK, based on these three ads, they're going to be between $1,500 and $3,000. So that's kind of my ballpark. So the ad cost is going to be $2,500. I'm looking about $1 per click. I should be able to back that out. And then we'll go and run it. And so that's kind of what I'm always looking for, just to click. Because everything else is a scam. And that's what they try to sell you off of is the scam. So yeah, a lot of them are flat-rate. But again, it's all about reverse engineering and finding out what approximately that's going to be. You're willing to pay up to how much? How much am I willing to pay? Yeah, on all these sources. Depends on what APCs are. Right now, we're doing one test for paying a guy $8 per opt-in. And it's about break-even. Some people charge you per. And this is different. We'll talk about it in a little bit. Some people charge per opt-in, things like that. So we have a guy paid per opt-in. We're paying $8 an opt-in. But we're averaging more than $8 per register for a webinar. So it's making money. So it all depends on how much I can back out. That's why we talked about yesterday's APCs. And you know what my APCs are per channel. I need to test it out. And that's why you always want to start a smaller test to see if that backs out. Why is a smaller test? And how much does that amount to? How much? Found? It depends. So you come back to the solo add things. We'll test things at $50, $100 to test an ad. So again, the internet market ones, where you test $50 or so to make sure that actually clicks are going through and things are good. But even if $50, that means we're getting $50 to get 150 clicks. It's not a really big enough sample size to really know. A lot of times we'll do that just to check to see if the guy's legit and make sure that it's not like, because you can kind of see where the traffic's coming and see if people are actually opting in and they land on your page. Because if they're just getting, they say 1,500 clicks, but nobody opted in, then they're doing something fishy. So we'll get it set in 150 to make sure people are opting in. They're watching the webinar. Make sure they're showing up. OK, that's actually, legitimately, we've got XMI people actually show up the webinar. So these are probably good sources. Go up and let's buy $500 or $1,000 worth, things like that. With these other ones, you work in the Archimax. Self-growth is not going to let you test things as much, but Archimax let you test a top banner ad. So a top banner ad might cost me $200 or $300. And then if it works, then I can come back. And I think if you send out, one of their lists is like five or six million people, I think it's $3,000 or $4,000 for that. But we will usually get six or 7,000 clicks for the $5,000. So it's really, really good for us. So again, a lot of us just kind of testing it out. There's not really a hard cut rule. Every listowner is going to be a little bit different on what they do and don't do. That's why I gave these resources to get to know all these different people and kind of see how they work. Russell, are the guys that do CPM, can you go back to those guys if your clicks suck? Or are they more just like, hey, it is what it is? It depends. A lot of people are like, we're sending clicks and then you're kind of in charge of converting to that point. What did you call Kurt yesterday to make it? Do you want to tell him about that? Do you want to have the microphone to Kurt real quick? Once you have tested numbers, as in you've mailed a couple of solo ads or something like that and you know, okay, I paid $2,000 for this ad. I got 100 registrants and whatever, you know, whatever the numbers are, you can go to the next person on the list and buy an ad and say, well, I just want to make sure, is your list comparable and quality to this list I already mailed and give them some of the numbers, right? So then they know that you're not just some newbie that's throwing money at a wall, right? Then the next thing you say is, okay, so are you willing to do a make good if it doesn't do similar numbers? And if they have a good list, they will. If they don't have a good list, or if it's more of a bureaucratic type of company, but we try to get a make good clause put in every insertion order. We don't always get it and you know, you don't want to be a jerk about it. I mean, once you've mailed the list and it works, don't ask for a make good on the second time you mailed that same list because you know it's going to make money, but it saves you, it saves you a lot of hassle after the fact, because most of the time when you're buying these solo ads through a broker, you're actually paying like net 60 or net 90, so they don't have your money anyway. So you might as well ask for everything you can up front. Like we just had an example, anybody ever heard of a mailing that's called thestreet.com? Anyway, the list sucks, but. Every time they all suck, it's a huge massive list, but usually when we, you know, we will test out just a subsection of the list, just a sample list. You know, usually if the list costs, I don't know, $15,000 rent the whole thing, you can get a test for 2,500. And you know, there's no reason not to do that. If it works, then the next week you can mail the rest of the list. So we did a $2,500 test with the street and like goose eggs, like three people registered for the webinar off a $2,500 test. And so we had told them, hey, you know, we already have our numbers from these other lists, we know the work, so we went back to them and said, look, obviously something happened, and we're just going to give you a chance to do a make good on it. And they, oh, we're so sorry, they didn't work, you know, da, da, da, da. And so they did a make good last week, and on the make good, they actually mailed the entire list. So I got really excited because I thought, okay, they mailed another subsection of the list and it worked. So I thought, okay, well, I'm going to go back and buy the rest of the list. But it turns out my list broker's like, well, I've got good news and bad news. The bad news is their list still sucks, but the good news is we mailed the entire list and it normally cost $15,000 and you didn't pay anything. So that's advantage of, you know, just tell them upfront what you're looking for. And, you know, like, exactly, I still paid the $2,500 for the time that bombed, but you know, we ended up making $25,000 from mailing the entire list. So, yeah, you know, definitely like he's talking about Archimax, it pays to get to know the people that you're buying from. Yeah, awesome. How do you do that? You just, usually when you're buying a list, they can very, very quickly figure out if you know what you're talking about. By all you have to do is say, we buy usually two or three solo ads a week. What we're looking for is this, you know, we mailed whatever, I stock analyst last week and got this many registrants and it costs us this much per registrant. Do you think, you know, your list is going to be in line with that? And they like people who know their numbers. And so then once you talk about the numbers, you say, well, let's just set a, you know, a floor. I'm willing to mail your list all day long if I can at least break even. That's not actually true. I'm not really happy about that, but that's what they understand, right? And then you just kind of set the parameters and well, you know, if it really, really totally bombs, you know, can we put it in the insertion order that we get to make good? And here's what it totally bombs means. If we get less than 50 registrants or something like that, you're just trying to cover your butt. The nice thing is, if you do it correctly, it's a no lose proposition. Because if it doesn't work, you get to mail the list again. And if it doesn't work on the second time, well, then something's really screwed up, but, you know. Do you get your money back there? No, you always pay them. You always make good. You always, you know, after two times, you get to mail it. After two times, you know, usually I use a list broker. So they're kind of affecting their relationship with a lot of people as in the list broker is not gonna send them any more clients. And they wanna make you happy, at least to break even. Or, you know, some, not somewhere in that ballpark, they don't want you to spend $5,000 and get zero. You know what I'm saying? So, you know, if you spent $5,000 on a list and made back 3,000 or 4,000, they're gonna say, hey, that's close enough. Pay your bill and work on your conversion process. But the nice thing as opposed to like Google traffic or something like that, well, you have some negotiating power because you're talking to a person and you haven't paid the bill yet. So I'm just saying. I mean, I've always paid my bill. We always, it's not an issue, but if something doesn't work, we send them the spreadsheet with all the numbers and say, look, well, this other list last week did this, your list did this, what are we gonna do about it? You're nice about it, but you're like, hey, this is a business, I'm trying to make money here. Yeah, so it's very nice. That's one of the huge reasons that solo ads are such a nice thing to work with because you have that flexibility. You can almost guarantee that you're at least gonna get your money back. How do you find a list broker? How do you find a list broker? It's usually dependent on the market that you're in. If you're in the financial and investing market, you can use my list broker guide named Tony Creed, I'll give you his email. Usually there's people who specialize in specific kinds of email lists, right? Cool, that good stuff? Awesome, any other questions about that at all? Yeah, up here, Mike. The other big thing to make sure is like, after you run a test, the biggest rule is you never go back to the list broker and the list owner and be like, that was awesome. We made so much money off it. Like that's the stupidest thing you can ever do. For example, we were buying through... It's always, I broke even or it was okay. Yeah, it was okay or it sucked. I'll run it again, but it sucked. Yeah, for example, Brian Littman is a kind of list broker in the personal development space. So we bought his list. It didn't do great for us, but more double our money. Also, I was happy with it. He just gives us much traffic as we were hoping for. But what was interesting is one of my friends ran the run and add and so I asked Brian, Mike, how'd it so and so do? He's like, oh, he did all right. I wasn't that happy. And then I text my buddy and he actually like, it freaking killed it for me. It was the best that I ever ran. And the next text is like, don't tell Brian. And I'm like, no worry, I got it. So, it was pretty funny. So Kate, what was your question? I changed my mind. Okay, nevermind. Chris got something, get back there. Yeah, sorry, I forgot to, Russell mentioned that, but yeah, you never tell them how much money you made. You give them the stats in terms of how many registrations you got, the clicks, things like that. You always leave out how many dollars that translated into. Most list brokers, when they rent you a list, most of their customers, like they're a corporate or things like that, all they're looking to do is they're looking to mail a list that costs $5,000 today and recoup that money sometime in the next two to three months through adding them to their list or other offers or things like that. And just let them believe that, that that's what everybody does. Our goal is always to make three to four times our money this week on the list. That's a good list. But yeah, you never tell them the actual dollar amount. So like when we talk to our list broker, we always rate the list on a scale of one to 10. He doesn't know what 10 means. We just say, oh yeah, that list was, yeah, let's give it an eight out of 10. And he keeps track for us in like a trade log, a history log. So when we go back to lists, he's like, hey, what do you want to mail this? Like, I don't know, take a look at the history and find something that's eight or higher. Let's just mail that again. And so he doesn't know how much money that made. He just knows I gave it a relative score. And so for me, like break even is like two or three. So yeah, that's key. But in the sometimes you'll find lists, every list is absolutely different. I mean, we have lists that we spend our absolute best. We spent $4,500 on the list and made 80,000 in sales. And we've spent $4,500 on list and made one sale. So you just have to, if you continue to test, you know, our rule right now is we mail two or three lists every single week. And that lowers your risk actually, because if you're mailing two or three lists, one of them's probably gonna be pretty good. One of them's gonna be mediocre. And one of them's just gonna be whatever. But you know, averaged out, it works out. Where does the list broker make money on the list side? The list broker makes money. In my case, I actually pay my list broker. He has a media buying company. So then he takes his 15% out of the money I pay him. Cool. What's the difference between these lists versus an InfoUSA or a list giant? Okay, good question. I'll come back to that. Can I do that? I'm gonna talk about it a little bit in a second here. Cool. Okay, so the other list here, I'm just gonna go through it quickly. JV Rock, it's more of like a bizop list. If you go to the site, they sell for like $2,500. But if you contact them directly, you usually get for $1,800. We usually get a lot of clicks on there, but we haven't had great conversion on high-end things. The lower-end trials or continuity programs, she'll send us six or 7,000 clicks a lot of times for $1,800. So that one sends a lot of traffic. Boardroom.com, a lot of these other ones, again, we're gonna be very similar to the Newsmax and the conservative Republican type sites. But all these sites, if you go to them, you scroll down the bottom, there's usually sections of the advertiser's click here, something like that. You click there, they're gonna have the rate cards, their media sheets, all kind of stuff. And just know that whatever they say on the website is a complete lie. They're saying that because they want people just to go and pay it. It's all about the relationship. So download the rate card whatever it is, contact the person, try to go on the phone or on Skype, and open that relationship. Even if you're not planning on buying today or tomorrow, just to open that up and find out what kind of ads are working for them, how many clicks they're sending, those type of things. Because you wanna kind of have that relationship before you start buying, otherwise they're gonna try to sell you the rate card. You don't obviously ever wanna pay that. So, okay, so those are like a bunch of lists that we're actively buying and that do really well for us. Now if you go up on the list right there, it says niche solo ads. There's a site, it's list.nextsmart.com. And this is very similar to InfoUSAs and things like that. This is a really cool site. Anyone, any of you guys can go do right now, and unless you search, there are over 66,000 different email lists. It's on page 58. It's right in the middle, it says niche solo ads between internet marketing and other lists. Yep, higher. It's right in the middle, earth. Yeah, so it's lists.nextsmart.com. This is fun site, I was there last night for like half an hour playing with it, because it's so much fun. But you go in there, you type in a category, you type in small business owners, you type in weight loss, type in personal development, type in whatever you want, and it scours over 66,000 email lists. And some of them are just for shipping out addresses, some are addressless phones, some have email. Most of them, primarily a lot of them have email. So you can select, I just wanna go just B2B, I wanna go B2C, I wanna do stuff like that. So for DocMC, local people are going to B2B, you're going to B2B, and it'll just pull out B2B list. You put B2C, it'll show you consumer-based lists. But there's just, I mean, nothing I've searched for so far hasn't had some kind of list come up. Like just amazing, amazing resource. And then it also shows you the CPM they're looking for. It has an LPI, it's called LPI score, the list popularity index. Like how popular this list is, how many people are buying, how often they're buying, kinda shows you a graph of that. And you click on it, it takes you to a data card summary where it shows you a whole bunch of info about it, how that person opted into the list, just a whole bunch of information about it. So one of your assignments for now is just to go to that site and play around with it a little bit. And what I found, the one thing I don't like about sites so far, this is where we kinda got screwed over this last week, is they base all their buying off of CPM. So send out to 10,000 people and for X amount of dollars type thing. And so they don't base off of clicks. So we were kinda hoping that it would work, but the first test we bought didn't go well at all. And so we're already testing some other lists and stuff like that. But just know that's how it kinda works. So for example, this is what I mean by CPM. So let's say I go to Nextmart and I type in whatever, I type in business opportunity. It'll come up and it'll show how much the list and it shows one that says, okay, this one, the list size is 163,000 and the CPM is 100 bucks. Okay, so that means if I send out to all 63,000, I'm gonna be paying 16,000 bucks, right? Is that the right math? I swear, I have no idea. I'll go to that too, if you're getting that off of me. Whoa. Okay. 16,000. No, 16,000, right? 16,000, three million. Yeah, yeah, three million, yeah. Okay, so yeah, so basically if you're an email, the whole list is just paying 16,000 bucks, which is a lot. So that's why, and then when you go to that, when you go outside, there's a button you click and it's gonna, it actually gives you a list broker that'll work with a list owner. So Nextmart has their own list broker. So when you go there, that's one way to get list brokers working directly through them. So then obviously you wanna negotiate, because you're not gonna make 16,000 clicks for an email that's gonna go out to 163,000 people. So you gotta try to negotiate that. And again, it comes back the same thing. The questions we didn't ask this last time that we normally ask was, how many clicks on average are someone getting? And that's what we should have been basing things off when we didn't. So we paid, we were able to negotiate our CPM down. I can't remember if it was down to 70 or 80 dollars, something like that. And we mailed that out. And we spent, and we're spending, I think two or $3,000 to do the test. And we didn't get close to breaking even on it. But that was kind of our first test. I just found out about the site just a little while ago, but it's exciting just because there's so many lists in there and tons of different niches and industries. There's a B2B list there, which is exciting. There's just so many lists. So a lot of it comes in as testing things out. And again, getting to know when the list broker's over there. One other thing to be aware of, a lot of times you'll see lists in there that'll say like 18 million people on a list. You wanna stay away from those. Those are traditionally like compiled lists. The lists are usually like 100,000, 50,000. Like those type of lists, the smaller size, are the ones you wanna be going after. Cause those are like usually lists that were generated online or whatever it might be. You can also, one thing that they have in there is something called a hotline count, which means people that have opted in in the last 30 days or 60 days or 90 days, you spend a little bit more things like an extra $10 CPM for the list. But that way you know it's just fresh people that have opted in recently, which is very, very important because six months ago someone may not still be interested in financial and they're interested in losing weight. But if you know in the last 30 days, you still have a good shot. I was gonna say that that's a different test to make sure that you're doing your initial test on the list to make sure that you're doing the most recent people. Yeah, exactly. So he said, it's important to do that when you're doing your test, you wanna make sure you're doing the most recent. That's gonna give you a more, a better understanding of how good the list is. Yeah, the other thing about Nextpart too is that your type of lists or whether they're verified often or whatever, they'll tell you the source of each of us on Nextpart, which is good. You don't even, you don't have to go by the list size and tell you right on there what it's compiled. Yeah, so he just said this is for people at home. On Nextpart, when you pull up the data card, it shows you if it was compiled, it shows you how recent, it shows you all that information so you know if it is a compile list or if it's an opt-in list, if they're double opt-in, if a whole bunch of information like that. Thank you. So are you sending, you're getting the list, you're sending it out through your email server? No, they send it out for you. So if you get the list and you send them the ad, they send the ad out for you. I guess you don't have any problems with deliverability and opt-outs and complaints and that's what they take care of that. And that's why it's important to find out about the click thing because they are sending out emails and email deliverability is an interesting game. Some people can't get emails delivered. So if you say, you know, show me someone similar you've sent an ad out to and they show you how many clicks does that person actually get, that's like a big thing you wanna be able to find out because if they only got 15 clicks and you're paying a thousand bucks that ad, it's not gonna be worth it. So make sure you're asking those kind of questions. Any other questions about that at all? Okay, so that's your homework for tonight. I just wanna look at Nextmart because it's so much fun. Just like look at how many lists are out there. First I found out about sites I spent probably three or four hours just playing and like, what about this niche? Oh, what about this niche? What about this? And it's having so much fun going through it. It's a really good place to go. Okay. Let's see. Now, the one thing I wanna say is kind of step back a little bit because I know all you guys are different industries and different places and I wish I had like, here's the list broker for every industry and I don't unfortunately. But one thing I wanna say is I think the strategy because we're opening up, we're in a niche creation right now. We're developing a whole bunch of niche sites that a lot of verticals right now. That's one of the big things we're doing in our business and what we're doing is very similar to how Dagen was starting out. We're going to other people selling similar products and the first question is how can I buy an ad in your list? And some people are saying we can't, some people say you can't, but it's opening the conversation because the next question is if you can't, like would you know anyone in this industry that does sell ads to their list? And a lot of times if they've been in the industry for a while like, oh yeah, well so and so, I know he sells ads to his list. Oh, this guy over here does. And so it's all about starting a conversation and asking questions and finally figure out, well, okay, if you don't sell ads, do you know anyone that does? And then if they don't sell ads, well, do you join Ventures or how can we get on your site? Do you sell banner ads? What can we do? We want to be able to advertise with you. And it's all about starting that conversation, finding different people. And when you start that conversation, it's just like mining for gold, you're going through and also you find this thing over here and this thing over here. Like we didn't, we started buying an ad through Brian Lippman. So you guys know who Mike Lippman is? Mike Lippman's kind of bigger in like, not in the personal development space, but kind of like a biz off slash personal development space anyway. And his brother is Brian and Brian has a list of like a hundred and something thousand people in the personal development space. And he contacted us just saying, hey, we've got a list if you want to rent it. So we rented it and did really good. And I was like, do you know anyone else? Like we want more like personal development style lists. You know anybody else. And he's like, well, yeah, I actually broker list buying for like 10 different guys in the space. I was like, oh, that's awesome. So he gave us here's 10 other people which we started buying every single person who went list to list to list to list. The next question would be for all those listeners. Who else, you know, obviously you got a list somehow. You're renting a list. You know other people that are buying lists. Where else can we go to? Where else can we go to? And it's all about that networking that starts happening when you start getting to know people. So I say for all you guys, if you're not like on Skype, like most people deal with things nowadays on Skype, like get on Skype, contact people, find other Skype, get them on Skype so you can talk to them all the time and open up those dialogue chains. Cause when you have them, it's, you get traffic as quick and as often as you want. You pull a microphone up here. No, it's just, sorry, what was it? Brian Lippman. Brian, let me, yeah. Yeah, so really exciting. What was the other thing I was going to say? Oh, the other thing is, the first time I really saw the power of this, like at a fast level, with a guy that came out and probably two or three years ago he did an internship with us. His name is John Martinelli. He came out for a month and worked for free for us. And he was right out of high school and really smart kid. He did this whole thing. And then he left and then started his own business and like two years later, he came back and he wanted to do another internship for us. We flew back out, spent a week with us. And the kid, I don't even remember I met John Martinelli or seen him. I got to love the guy. He's like the most, like, you guys think I talk fast and I have ADD? He's like me on crack. He's just like, and a really fun kid to be, or a really smart kid. Anyway, he comes in on Monday and he's like all excited. And I'm like, what's going on? He's like, last night I got excited. I had an idea and I got my web design. I got my guy and I launched this project and I went and bought 500, about two or three thousand solo ads, sent it out to it. ROI's positive. I'm buying much more solo ads. And I was like, cool. That's like, congratulations. It's exciting. I thought it was like this big thing you've been working on for years, right? And next morning he comes in and he's like saying to me, buzz him like this. I'm like, so how's the site going? He's like, oh, he's like, I sold that one. I was like, what? He's like, oh yeah, it made 1500 bucks or whatever in the first stage. So I put it on Flip and sold it for 5000 bucks. But look, I had this other idea. I launched it last night and it tells me the whole story and the story is exactly the same. Had an idea, called my designer, called my programmer, guys got it done, bought a couple of solo ads, sent out some emails and boom, he's like, it made $3,000 last night. And like, I was like, I thought I was excited about this whole thing you've been working on. This is like just like a brain fart that happened really quickly and he sold it. And then he does that and he's got his pattern where he does that and sells it and does it again. And anyway, the five days he was in our office, he launched five different businesses and every single one of them was this way. And so I'm like, so by the third or fourth day I'm like, how are you getting this traffic that fast? Like what are you doing? And that's when he kind of showed me, this is where we get all these solo ads from. And all he does is, every time he has an idea, he puts it out there, he only spends like a couple hours putting it out there in case it's the big bomb, puts it out there, buys 500 clicks and sees what happens. And if it bombs, he sells it. If it's successful, he sells it. That's kind of his whole model, just how much he sells it for. But he makes great money. And so he first showed me that I got excited. So this is about the time. If you guys, any of you guys have seen the internet marketing Illuminati that we launched, we first launched that, we launched it primarily with solo ads. We sent over 50,000 clicks just from thesoladdirectory.com and added like a 50 or $60,000 a month continuity to our business just from thesoladdirector, just contacting solo ad vendors like that. And it was fast, it was easy, we didn't have to do any JVs. But what was nice about it is we got EPCs back from those campaigns. So then I had the EPCs back and went to all these other people said, hey, we've test this now on 40 lists. Here's the EPC on all these different lists and people are like, oh, it is really good. And now getting joint venture partners was very, very easy. That's what we're talking about later on this afternoon is joint ventures. But when you do this kind of stuff first and you get those metrics and get those numbers, it opens up so many more doors. Joint ventures become so much easier because you know your metrics, you know your numbers. Going to other list brokers becomes easier because you know your metrics, you know your numbers. So this is the fastest way to get some traffic, test some things out and then roll with it. Hey, Kurt. Ruchel, you just mentioned opening doors. The huge thing about solo ads that people don't get is like if you go talk to a broker or if you're in personal development, the easiest thing you could do is call Brian Littman and say, hey, well, I'm in personal development, I got this webinar thing. So tell me about what lists are working for people? The first time I did that with my broker, I told him, hey, I'm in ETF investing and options, da, da, da, da, and I'm interested in lists that work for that. Without him asking me, he sent me my biggest competitors list of every ad that they've bought in the last year. Now, I had to kind of pull him inside and say, now, make sure you're doing that to me. Don't do that to me. And don't tell him, you know, it so happens I know this competitor. So I actually ended up telling him and he was a little bit miffed at the list broker as well. But the point is the list broker has that knowledge, they know what lists are working. And so you really only leave, like when I started out buying solo ads, it was January of last year. I started with a thousand dollar test. And if you actually consider it, that's all I've spent out of my own pocket. Because I spent a thousand dollars, that first little list, which was, you know, it was a small list, it was only a thousand bucks. It made four or $5,000 in sales, took that four or $5,000 in sales and went back and bought two solos for 2,000, right? And you just kind of go like that. So you got to constantly be thinking of, who already knows if this list works or not? That's all you got to think of is, who can prove to me that they know this list works? A third party kind of endorsement. So when you talk to people in seminars and like a list like Russell's giving is awesome because you already know it works. So you go talk to the Archimax guys and after you buy a couple lists, you go, hey, so do you know any other places that would work just like you guys that I can buy a list from? You know things like this. They know their competitors, they know exactly who they are. They know what's going on. And if it's somebody that they trust and someone that's buying stuff from, they're more than happy to tell you, aren't they, Russell? I mean, they'll tell you everything they know. Yeah, yeah, well I was asking too, I'm like, so, because like I'll ask them, show me some results of people and like, hey, you know, here's three people that have similar offers just what they did. I said, well, where else are those guys buying from? And first of all, I was like, well, I'm like, look, I can keep buying from you or not, but if you don't tell me, I'm gonna find someone else to buy from. Okay, okay, so I want you to keep buying from me. I'll tell you who they're buying from. And, because again, for them, it's like most of these guys, there's like the corporate company and then there's like these employees and they get paid whether or not they're selling these ads and they don't sell them, like, and they'll do anything. They'll send you your competitors, everything. So just know that that's the mentality of most of these people. Okay, anyway, that directory on page 58 right there, that's maybe millions of dollars in the last few years. So that page alone should be worth hopefully at least the flight cost to get out here, right? And they're in a band with you guys who are watching at home, okay. Um. Does anyone else have any questions or comments or anything on solo ads before I move on to the next stuff? I just wanna know what metrics are. Metrics, okay, so you want someone metrics me? Metrics are your numbers, so, so like, yeah, if I know. In metrics, it's the same thing. Yeah, yeah, so what are your metrics? What are your numbers? Yep, cool, any other questions at all? Okay, so this is like the greatest thing in the world. I can't even tell you guys how much. Anyway, if you just do solo ads all day, you'll make a lot of money. Okay, page number 59, I'm gonna talk about this just kind of briefly because if you had asked me six weeks ago at this work, I would have told you you're an idiot and it's the stupidest idea in the world and you should never do it. And then this one guy called me up and he said, I'll do this for you. And he sent us 20,000 clicks in seven days. And it worked really good. And so I'm repenting in my ways, because I have no idea, it works. And it's the stupidest, easiest thing. Now this only works if you're in like a business opportunity or a network marketing program or whatever. So if you're not in a bizop or a network marketing program, shut off your ears. If you are in an MLM, I know all of you are, even though you wanna admit it, this is a great way to do something. So anybody ever heard of Safeless, the solo ads? Okay, this is like, I thought the biggest scam in the world, so this is how it works. Okay, so you come in and you join a Safeless and the whole pitch to the Safeless is you can mail 3,000 or 5,000 people a day, right? And you sign up and when you sign up, it says basically give us your real email address and then give us a fake one. And then we'll send all these emails to your fake one but we'll have your real one, right? So that's kind of the whole thing. So I remember like 10 years ago I tried these and I never had really much success with them. That's why for the last 10 years, I mean this is the whole scam, nothing works. Again, this guy, I think he's watching, he was gonna be trying to come here and Boise, I was gonna have him talk about it, but he wasn't able to make it. His name is Derek Gardner. He came in, like I said, send over 20,000 clicks in about a week period of time to our Doc-com series locals, sold a whole bunch of them for us and he did all through free ads to Safeless. What you can do is you can come to Safeless and you can mail X amount of people, they're fake email address each day, like 3,000 people and 5,000 people, but you can also, for like five bucks or 10 bucks, really stupid, cheap amounts, you can upgrade and you can send out to that person's really email address. And that's, yeah, so it's just crazy. And again, no legitimate marketer thinks this is a good tactic so nobody's doing it, but I am living proof that this crap actually works. So this is the list, I'm page 59, this is the list of all of the places that he is buying on. He made a video for me, I can send you guys out the video afterwards of how he does it, he just logs in and he just mails. And he did a full out assault on our webinar. He took everyone to these sites, he upgraded like five bucks or 10 bucks on each site, some of them was like upgrade for $100 and you can mail this list every single day to 80,000 people. He's just stupid stuff like that. And you look at the numbers and the numbers are messed up. So on CPM he was mailing like 10 million emails a day, but he was getting four or 5,000 clicks a day and it's just like this, anyway. So if you're any kind of biz off, if you have an MLM or anything like that, these kind of lists work great. So there's a whole bunch of people signing up for this thing who are trying to get traffic and trying to promote their opportunity. If you got a good opportunity, it works fantastic. I've seen Derek in a lot of like low end MLMs and only like a dollar or two to sign up and then continuity things where he's like killing it. He's always like one of the top affiliates and this is all he does all day long. Again, it's something that doesn't make any sense and it shouldn't logically work. I didn't believe it until a month ago, but 20,000 clicks swayed me. So try that out if you just have something. Yeah? Oh, okay. Yeah, so that's all I'm gonna talk about that, but is that something cool for anybody? Who has ever heard soul ads don't work or safe lists ads or whatever? Yeah, I was probably told you guys, I don't think it worked, but 20,000 clicks. We said I'm a good check, so there you go. Okay. What do you get? Can you get a template for Derek? I don't know. Derek just buys, he just goes to each of these sites and all of them are free to sign up for, sign up for free, some have upgrades, some of them don't and just sign up and then every single day he logs in, he showed me in the video, I can send you guys a video, I send a video. He wakes up in the morning, he opens up every one of these tabs and he logs in, he sends email one, email two, he did a whole thing in like a five minute video. He sent out like 80,000, or excuse me, like 80 million emails in about five minutes on this video and then he said, and I was like, yeah, by tomorrow we should have four or five, you know, three or four thousand clicks off this thing. So again, I was a skeptic until, because he even told me, he was like, I'm gonna do this ad assault, I'm gonna send you so much traffic. I'm like, all right, have fun, good luck with that. And then all of a sudden we start seeing the traffic. Now I'm gonna tell you, the quality was not nearly as high, like our APCs were way lower on this, but we made a lot of money. So it's worth looking at. It probably do well on personal development stuff, I would think, I think it would do well on, anything that's related to making money. I have no idea how it would do with weight loss or I don't think it would do well on those other things, but anything related to making money or mindset, things like that, that's what these kind of people are interested in. Okay, and last thing we talk about, this is more the dark side for anyone who's nervous, you can just leave the room right now. Okay, so this is stuff that's interesting. And this is, we're gonna find out everyone's real moral guy. What was it? What was yesterday? Our integrity, we'll find out what your integrity actually is at. Everything I'm gonna talk about is completely legal from a legal standpoint. There are terms of service issues you will have to rationalize to yourself if you decide to go this way. But legally it's all can span compliance. So basically, this is something we started doing about a year ago. It still blows my mind that it works. But okay, anyone who's ever spent any time in the CPA networks, let me explain to you how the whole CPA world works. CPA stands for cost per acquisition. These are the same networks that, I mean, it's crazy. So they come in and like, for example, you've probably seen these, there'll be something like, get your free iPod or get your free business opportunity CD or get your free whatever it is, right? And they usually ask for your whole bunch of contact information. The next page is like, pay five bucks and we'll ship you out this kit. And then they call you on the phone and try to sell you high end stuff, right? So that's the model. And the CPA guys drive traffic. And a lot of traffic. So what happens is, zoom this out a little bit. Oh, no, wrong one. Okay, so the CPA, the order of the call center, I'm friends with mostly good call center owners, could be someone. These guys back here, they know on the phone, they're gonna make $200 for every single lead they call on the phone. Okay, that's their whole business model. They know their metrics, they know their numbers. So they know that every single person who buys, they call on the phone, they're gonna average $200 for. So they'll come back here and they'll tell them that the affiliate's back here, hey, we'll pay you $50 for every single person who you can get to buy this $5 kit. Because I know when I get on the phone with them, I'm gonna average $200 for every single person I call. Okay, they know their metrics. That's how the whole thing works. So these affiliates are here saying, man, if I give away a $5 thing, I get 50 bucks. So they start driving crazy amounts of traffic, insane amounts of traffic. We see offers like this that are getting anywhere from five to 10 to 20 to 30,000 opt-ins a day, every single day consistently, because these guys are paying so much money, they'll dump a ton of money into traffic and media. So from an affiliate standpoint, then we're not talking about affiliate marketing, but being an affiliate in CP Networks is good because you can pay crazy money for doing dumb little things like this, giving away CDs and things like that. Now what I wanna talk about is the mindset of these call center owners, these guys are brilliant and they're stupid at the same time. What I've found about most people is like, you're really smart on this side and totally stupid on this side. I'm sure on the same way, I'm sure I'm really good at things over here and over here. I'm like, how did I miss that for all these years? These call center guys though are brilliant because they understand this model. They make millions of dollars a week doing this whole model. But guess what none of them understand? None of them understand the power or importance of a list because that happens, everyone opts into this list right here and guess how many emails they send out to this list? Zero, they never once ever email these people ever, ever, ever. All they do is they take this data and we affectionately call these people data whores and you'll find out why here in a second. All they do is they sell that data because their whole thing is I pay 50 bucks for the lead, I'm gonna make 200 bucks over here, how else can I make money on this data? And so they'll sell like, if someone paid five bucks, they'll sell you this data for X amount of dollars. So an option, they'll sell that data for X amount of dollars and they'll sell it to 10 people or 20 people or 50 people. As many people as they can sell it to, they'll sell it to and they're trying to just make as much money as they can brokering out the data. Okay, so when we first found out about this, because I, first of all, I was like, I was trying to get these guys, I'm like, I see you're doing a lot of numbers, can you promote one of my offers? And they're just like, I don't know what that means. I'm like, well, can you send email out to your list about my thing? They're like, I don't really, yeah. It's like two different worlds. I'm like, do you not email your list? They're like, no, but hey, if you want, we'll sell you the names. And I'm like, huh, and that's my whole moral dilemma came into and I'm in a spot now in my life where I feel okay with what we do. Because my whole thing is I'm trying to save these people from these people. So that's my whole thing. That's how I rationalize it. So I'm trying to help these people. Okay. Okay. All right, so. All right, so who here would like to get access to these like five to 10,000 leads a day? Okay, well I've got this really cool course where you're choking. Okay. It's ridiculously simple to get the data. Mailing the data becomes very difficult. So I'm gonna talk about kind of both aspects of those. Okay, to get the data, all you do is go to any CPA network and you contact any of the brokers. So for example, what I would do, step number one on page number six here is go to offervault.com. Offervault.com is a site that is kind of like a conglomeration of all of the affiliate networks. So it is you type in something like make money or weight loss or whatever niche or industry and you type that in and it'll show you all the different offers that are in all the different CPA networks. And then you go there and you click on it, it'll actually show you the landing page. So what it looks like with what they're buying and you go and you click on all these different offers and you kind of see what people are selling. Okay, and then it's gonna show you in there, it's gonna show you basically, it's gonna show you, okay, this offer is in these three different networks. This network's paying you a dollar per lead, this network's paying you $50 per sale, this network's paying, you know, it kind of shows you what they're paying affiliates. That was the whole goal of this site. What I like about it is it shows you all the CPA networks that this offer is in. So in all use, you go to the CPA networks and you try to sign up as an affiliate or you know, just contact the CPA network and you get a hold of any of the people over there and just say, I'm interested in buying a data feed for this offer. Okay, and a data feed is basically the feed of these names. And so what you can do is you basically get a data feed and what they'll do is they'll send these names to you in real time, either through an Excel sheet or you can hook it up directly to like an API into your auto responder, but they'll set that up. So as soon as somebody opt in, boom, it adds up to your list of meet, and you can start sending out emails almost in real time. And one evil thing we've done that's been really successful is we become an affiliate of this offer and then someone opts in and a lot of times people don't buy something, we just like send a fault message about this offer and it works really good. So we buy the name for 10 cents and then we're selling it back to that same person for $50 a lead. So there's a really cool strategy, but basically, a lot of times, so a lot of times this call center back here, they're paying anywhere $50 for the buyer or they might be spending $4 or $5 for the lead. So they spent $5 on this lead. And what's cool is that you can actually buy that lead in real time for anywhere from 10 cents to 50 cents, depending on volume and a whole bunch of things like that, which is a great deal. I think you'd rather pay 50 cents for a lead or 10 cents for a lead instead of the five bucks that guy just paid for the exact same lead in the exact same second. Okay, so it's really exciting. So that's kind of what a data feed is. Now, here's some of the issues that come with this. Okay, now again, as far as a can spam compliant, the terms of service that people agree to when they opt in here, the terms of service basically says, we will sell your name to as many people as we'll buy it. They're agreeing to it, it's okay. So from a legal standpoint, they send you all the information, the IP address of the person, they send you where they opted in from, they send you the date, the time, everything you need to be can spam compliant, all comes to you in the Excel sheet. And then your job now is to start mailing the data. Now, the first issue you have is, obviously this person has no idea who you are. And if the very first email he gets from Russell Brunson, talking about something, they get upset because they don't know who Russell Brunson is and it's kind of this weird thing. So what we do is we have this kind of this buffer in the middle, we call it, we have a list right here and then we have Russell's list. This is my Russell warm list, which is hosted in Aweber, this is where I want to get people to use my warm list. And over here I have my generic list where emails aren't coming from Russell Brunson, they're coming from something similar to the site we opted in. So it's like work at home surveys, work at home opportunities, that's the name of the list that they're getting is, you know, the from name is work at home opportunities, it's not Russell Brunson. And then from here, I then promote my clean lists, I try getting them to re-opt in and now they become my subscribers where I can save them from this guy right here. Okay, so that's kind of how we do it. We try to initially where we put, so then people directly, they opt in to Russell Brunson and Russell Brunson starts emailing them and it was not a pleasant thing, because yeah, people get angry when they don't know who you are. So just again, forewarning of that. Yeah, do you want to pull the mic up here? Here, Anthony. So Russell, when you say you send the from, you mean you have a domain set up that's got a domain name similar to the offer that they came from, and then that email address is coming from that domain? Kind of, yeah. I'll talk about that in a second. Okay. But yeah, it's not, basically when it comes in the inbox, like you didn't say Russell Brunson's working at home academy or whatever my name is. Right, I can set that up, I don't respond to where it says from, but then the domain still doesn't respond to me. Yeah, that's fine. Okay, that's, and then the other thing, when you're sending people to some of your intermediate offers, are you sending them to a Russell Brunson slash something, or do you have domains? I'm acting like this is an affiliate for Russell. So hey, Russell, this guy from Russell has a really cool offer, check it out over here. Cool. So we're acting like a, you know, intermediate product review type company, which we are, so. Oh, right here, Mike. Oh, this is going to be an ethical discussion. Actually, it's not. I'm just curious how this works, because I'm assuming you get thousands. Oh, yeah. So how do you get those thousands onto your- Great question, okay. List without, you know, the company saying you're not allowed to do that. Okay, step two. Step two now, so we're bringing the data in here. Now what happens with this data? A lot of people are saying, you know, you're not allowed to do that. So you're not allowed to do that. So we're bringing the data in here. Now what happens with this data? A lot of it is going to be garbage data. A lot of it is going to have spam traps. A lot of stuff you don't want coming in to your auto responder. The reason why is because people who hate markers like us, go to sites like this and just dump, like throw in spam traps, stuff like that, because they don't want, they want these guys to get shut down. So you get this data, you get a lot of garbage data you don't want. So you need to scrub this data before you ever mail it. And so there's a lot of different companies that will scrub the data. The company recommend the motion now is called ImpressionWise. They're on page 60 right there. What ImpressionWise will do is really cool. The first thing they'll do is they have databases of millions and millions of known spam traps. So take that data, they'll scrub out all the known spam traps. So those are all gone. Second thing to do is they'll look at known people who click on the spam button often. They track like hit this person AOL, clicks the spam button a lot, and they have rating scores based on that. So this person's that clicks spam lots, they pull all those people out, and they try to get rid of those people. And so they filter and they clean those lists. And so what's kind of, you know, good and bad, you're really paying 10 to 25 cents to 50 cents a lead for these leads. But the reality is you lose half of these leads being scrubbed out, but that's a good thing. That'll keep you mailing a lot longer. So you scrub out all those different leads, and then you get kind of a cleaner list. You end up paying realistically closer to like, you know, 50 cents to a dollar per clean lead when you look at the whole process. But again, it's way cheaper than what you typically pay for an opt-in, okay? Now, so that's the second step, is scrubbing it. And then third step now is you have to be, you have your ability to email the list. Now you can't go to like a traditional auto responder like an Aweber or an eye contact or things like that and mail. We used to use eye contact and we did really well with it. And then they shut us down. And so there's different ways to do this. Again, this is where it starts getting a little more tricky. And there's different ways to do it. So the one that's probably the easiest out of the box right now, and it's similar to what eye contact used to be, is a company called IamNicca. If you see on page number 60, it's right there. IamNicca, they're pretty good at letting you import leads after they've been scrubbed, and then you can start mailing them through them. They do really well. They're like a third party service. The next level of this is where you kind of take it more on yourself, where you set up your own mailing server and you start mailing the leads. And if you're gonna do that, it's basically like a two step, I put the other resource in here. There's software that's really good called ListMarketer. This is like your, you're calling like Aweber. It's called listmarketer.com. And then you need to get a server, and the company we use for servers is called smtp.com. So basically you get the smtp dedicated servers, which let you do a lot of mailing. Then you get listmarketer, which is software you put on top of it, and then it'll allow you to mail. The biggest thing with this is deliverability, because you are gonna, people who don't know who you are, you get more spam complaints, and deliverability will go down. So there's some tricks and stuff to help keep your deliverability up. ListMarketer is a nice software because it'll do a lot of those things for you. It tells you, hey, you just got blacklisted over here at URLIB, and so you just go over there, and you contact the person and they'll flip your, the email deliverability game's weird, because it's not like a science, it's like a popularity contest, if that makes sense. Like it's like the dude at AOL doesn't like you, so he shuts you down. So you gotta call him up and they're like, hey, turn back on, he's like, all right, he turns you back on. That's a lot of how this whole thing is. And so you start monitoring, you start saying, hey, I'm getting shut down over here at Yahoo, or AOL, or Gmail, whatever's gonna be shut down, and all of them have a place you go and you submit this thing, and then they turn you back on. So it's a lot of just kind of watching that whole process. Now, when you're mailing stuff like this, it's not like a typical A-Webber thing where you're gonna get 10% open rate and whatever. The numbers are smaller, but when you're getting five to 10,000 leads a day, it's all like a mass numbers type game. And one of the other things that software like ListMarket or some of the ones you do out there, is when you start mailing this data, they're gonna keep track of people who are opening the emails and people who are clicking the emails. So what it does is it creates three files. Here are your people that don't do anything. Here's your openers, and here's your clickers. And so what you can start doing is after you find out who your openers and your clickers are, people that are opening emails and clicking emails, you know those people are higher quality people who are more legitimate, then export these kind of leads and move them into a better auto responder, like an eye contact or get a response or something like that. Okay, and that's kind of the process. So this whole thing in the middle is kind of like a scrubbing process where we're scrubbing through a lot of the data to find out who are openers, who are our clickers, what people are interested in this, and we take that clean data and now move it over. Does that make sense? This is way like advanced like black cat internet marketing, like 10 or, you know, 300. So I apologize for people who are like, again, most of you guys just don't listen to what I'm saying, just wait for the next section. A couple of you guys, a couple of you guys have seen your eyes, you're excited. So that's why I'm kind of going into more detail about it. In this phase here, they're receiving emails from Russell Johnson. No, this is where we're mailing from, from the Income Academy, wherever the, So why would you, to put them manually into another, if they're clicking, they're, Oh, because IP address, so IP addresses are gonna go up and down. So after you're mailing, mailing, mailing, your IP reputation is gonna go down. Even if you're just cleaning it up, it's gonna start going down, down, down. And so eventually I wanna take people that are known openers, clickers, and then they're going to be able to move to a new IP that's cleaner and it starts sending from there. Cause then those people are already interested, so I wanna mail them from a cleaner IP address. If they're clicking, aren't they already, I mean, passed them or they're gonna be under the same name as me? In theory, yeah. Sometimes they don't, so. Okay, so that's the round two. Now, if you really wanna get hardcore into this, this is the way that we're doing it now. It's not, it's, it's like, yeah, it's a little more complex and a lot more expensive, but if you, if anyone's like really sure this is how we're doing it now, it's a company called Optin Plus. The software's like $15,000 to buy it, but it pays for itself really, really quickly. So this is kind of the way that it works. There's a concept called IP tunneling. So Optin, Optin Plus is software like this that runs right here and it does IP tunneling. So what happens is everything's mailed from this server, but it mails up through a different IP. So what happens is you set up this and you go and you buy a whole bunch of different servers. And then each server, you can load up a whole bunch of IP addresses. And then what it does is basically you dump your list in here, it starts mailing it out and it mails from the server through this IP address and tells when dies and it moves next one and then moves next one and rotates through. And so it basically becomes a big scrubber. We dump a whole bunch of data in the top, it scrubs, it scrubs, it scrubs it and out pops our openers and clickers and our clickers and move that to then like a clean server that we can mail from. So this becomes like another scrubbing. So we scrub it through impression wise, then we throw an opt-in broadcast, we mail, mail, mail, mail, mail and just burn through IP addresses. We make a lot of money burning through IP addresses and then you also pull out your openers and clickers and then we put them on a separate thing and then mail through there. Yes. Is it around Robbins or that or do you just stay on one IP address? Around Robbins, yeah. So if anyone's interested in that, that's like a whole other, like when you sign up for that, you pay the 15 grand, it's like a six week training course. They put you through every other day for like an hour, showing you how to use a software. It's kind of complicated. It's a basic gist of how it works. So who here was that way over your head? Who here was kind of excited by that? So anyway, I just want to like open your eyes the possibility that if you're interested in that, you can talk more outside of this but that's something we're doing now that's working. It's not like buying solo ads where it's like, putting money, money comes back out. This is like, you're always kind of like, and it's always shifting and changing and it's the darker side but when it works, it's great. And I don't see anything ethical or I don't know, I don't have any problems with it. When you do it correctly, I know a lot of people that we learn the stuff from that don't do it ethically. There's good and bad ways to do it and so just make sure if you do decide to use it, we can kind of share you more details on it but it works really, really good. You can build lists up so fast that way. Five, 10,000 people a day, every single day adds up really quick. Anyway, that is all I have for email stuff. Any questions about an email marketing stuff? Just grab a microphone up here. Email on that list. Hello, let's grab this. When you're doing that initial email, are you chunking down how fast you email them so you don't get shut down by like, because you send 1,000 emails to Yahoo in five minutes? Yeah, software managed all that kind of stuff. So knows the through pits. Because like, Yahoo for example, if they get more than X amount of emails per hour, it sends off a flag, they're gonna start dumping you. Other ones have different thresholds. Is that, that software monitors all those different thresholds and that keeps you below the sending limits and stuff like that. Yeah. No worries. So, hypothetically. So. If you knew, kind of on a generating lease for business customers, if you knew who your customers were and you could put their, the information into Google that would bring up all their websites. Then you took those websites and loaded them into a website crawler and got all those email addresses from those websites and then hired somebody over in say the Philippines, of course hypothetically, to send an email to those companies, even on your behalf, but at one email at a time. And you got really low complaint rates and if they did complain and said, how did you get my email address? You tell them you got it off your website. If you only sent them one email and you weren't gonna put them on your list and start emailing them on a regular basis, how legal, illegal, gray, black, would that be? Who is actually rather can spam law like the thing? Like it's really interesting like, basically it's like if you do this, this, this, this, then you can spam people. I would just read the, because I don't wanna give you like, I have my opinion. No legal advice. Yeah, but it's not read it, but like the law gives you a lot of like flexibility. You can contact people once, as long as you give them a way to opt out, you show your legitimate company address, your legitimate company name. Yeah, so I mean, it leaves a lot open to, so again, legally you can do a lot of things that people think you can't. The basic issue becomes terms of service where Yahoo, AOL, Gmail, Don't want you, those type of things, so they're gonna try to shut you down and block as much as they can. From a legal standpoint, I mean, I don't know. They're gonna have a class action lawsuit. They're gonna block in people that are not spam. Yeah. They're gonna have, besides a comment, besides our resident spammer. Just kidding. Maybe grab a microphone so we can get it on. That might work. That might have been 20,000 emails. That might have cost a couple hundred bucks and that might have made several thousand. Yeah. It might have. If you learn nothing else, do solo ads. That's the best thing that hopefully you'll learn from the session. It's the way I know it occurred. What percentage of your webinars coming, your traffic comes from solo ads right now, do you think, versus other stuff? About half. Half, yeah. So that's 50 grand a month or so he's making just from doing solo ad things. So yeah, do them. They're really easy and fast. And I think the best way that anyone can get traffic can be, we talked yesterday about the whole like, this traffic versus this traffic. Solo ads and joint ventures are what causes this, which causes us to make money very, very quickly, which who here wants to make money very, very quickly? Trial close, yes. Yeah, so learn this stuff. Because this is like, this will fund everything else. Because a lot of times, we try the organic slow way and we run out of money before we're making any money. Dustin and I were talking about last night, like if you're a state presenter, this is your platform, make a bunch of money, but then invest that money in the long term things like this. Because I don't know about you guys, I'm not planning to do an events like this for the rest of my life. I'm creating some good products hopefully. And then everything's going on for autopilot and I'm gonna disappear and hang out in Boise, I know with my kids, it's gonna be fantastic. So this is like, use the fast traffic, the joint ventures, the solar light, things like that to get the cash you need. But then after lunch, we talk about like this long term, this long term stuff, which is really, really powerful. Okay, so we're gonna take a break right now. Let's take a 15 minute break. We get back, we'll be talking about affiliate marketing, how to get affiliates, how to train them, how to get them to promote things for you. It's gonna be really, really good. And then we'll have lunch and after lunch, then we'll be focusing on the long term organic strategy, which is the retirement plan.