The opportunity market actually goes way beyond what I'm doing. What I'm doing and have been for the last 25 years is just a small segment within the opportunity market. And that is this. There are two list manager brokers who supply about three or four million good names a year that you can mail to, and I have been mailing to, of people that buy low-cost opportunities. That's my part of the opportunity market. But there's a much broader opportunity market that's on the internet that some of you guys know about. Where is Matt in the room here? Matt? Dagen, you were talking about Matt. So you're Matt. Good. Dagen was talking about you this morning. So you're dealing with all on the internet, right? That's a whole segment of the opportunity market that I'm not touching at all. And beyond even what Matt is doing, you look at all of the Mary Kay Cosmetics and all of the different kinds of those types of A-Von and all those types of opportunities. And there's literally thousands and thousands of multi-level marketing companies. That would be all part of the opportunity market, too. So there is no real set. I mean, I'll go ahead. Are you saying that because there are all these different segments of the opportunity market that the basic psyche of the customer in those different markets is different? Well, some commonalities probably, but yeah, there has to be some commonalities in the sense that they get hot for an opportunity. They're looking for something. They're searching for something. And one of the best things I can tell you there is that great book by Eric Hoffer called The True Believer, which a lot of marketers have that book. You open it up and in chapter number one in the very first paragraph, it says these words. It says it all starts with a frustrated person. That's what Eric Hoffer wrote that. And I think that that adequately describes not only the opportunity market, but lots of other markets, too. There's your commonality right there. People are, they're frustrated. They're, bless you. They're not happy with their situation. There's a certain amount of pain that drives every kind of market where they're searching for something. And that would be an example. Say it again. I know I kind of put you on the spot. I'm just always curious about the second, like what you said before, like the dark side about how everybody wants to be rich, but they tell you they only want $502,000. I just, I think that's fascinating because I find that true all the time when I'm serving people. And, you know, I surveyed my list recently and I asked them, what do you think is your biggest problem? And I put attitude and mindset down. Only like 5% of them thought their attitude and mindset was a problem at all. They're lying to you, right? They're lying to you every damn day. They don't think that they're lying to you, though. They don't think like that. Just regarding your done value stuff. Like, let's say for instance you offer a program somewhere where you'll do the whole thing, build, let's say, I know you don't do, I don't know if you do websites, but unless you build a website, you'll drive the traffic. They spend $20,000 through you, say, and let's say, I guess they have to make a profit in order for it to be filled on, so let's say they get like $30,000 back or whatever, then why not just cut the customer out of it and just build all the websites and own them all yourself? See, now what you're talking about is exactly what Russell was saying yesterday. I think, unless I misunderstood you, what Russell was saying yesterday is one of the main objections that a lot of people have is this. They say, if this is so good, what are you offering it for me for? Right? That's kind of what you, isn't that what you guys heard him saying? Like, if this is so good, if you're willing to do all this stuff for me, why aren't you just doing it all yourself and keeping all the money? Isn't that kind of what you're saying? I guess to the point where you've done all that for them, like everything for them, to like every little thing to the point that they've made profit, you know, like, because if you do everything for somebody, they expect to be profiting from what you've spent, right? Like, you can't just spend $20,000 and make $10,000 back. Like, if you're, the expert has done everything, then you're expecting that it's going to profit. So therefore, therefore, the theory, business was what? So, so I'm sorry. Help me understand. Well, if you've got something, let's say you had a business that was making, you know, $10,000 a month, why would you sell that to me for $5,000? Right. That is a, as far as I know, I mean, every, every, you make people great big huge promises. That's how everything starts with a huge promise. Then the skepticism just creeps in. People are very skeptical and you've got to have some answers for, for their skepticism. You've got to. Pardon me. What are you telling them this off? Do you address that objection? We, again, I just have to say this. My customers are addicts and, and it's not a, it's not a put down to them. No, no, no, I'm just saying you're, you're, you're speaking, you're, you're to me, to me, and I might be wrong here. You're, you're looking at things from a more objective, rational kind of point of view. What I'm dealing with are people that are habitual buyers. They think a little differently. We just tell people that we need, but we just tell people on our beta tester offer, we just tell people we need beta testers to get all the bugs out. And we tell them that the more websites we have on the internet, then, then we're able to get a better job of testing. Everyone, everyone of, everyone of our programs has one, one commonality and that is we, we sell affiliate types of things, joint venture kinds of things where we, we profit by helping them profit. And that's the argument. That's the argument for, for most every concern that they have. I think Mark, like with Dagan's, there's one missing ingredient that's done for you. Yeah. Yeah. Please come on up here. Come on up here, Myron. Come on up here. Do you, do you guys know Myron? Does everybody in this room know Myron? Yeah. There are three things that I do with regard to them. Okay. Well, how are you going to sell me something that you're making a hundred thousand dollars a month and you're going to sell it to me for $10,000, aren't you losing $90,000? So three things, three things that I do to like totally blow that objection out of the water. One is I teach the principle of internet abundance. There's more than enough for everybody to have more than enough and there'd still be more than enough left over. So, and that's exactly what I call it. There's more than enough for everybody. Right. Christianity, Christianity has been around for 2000 years. Not everybody's a Christian, right? Exactly. So there's more than enough for everybody to have more than enough and there'd still be more than enough left over, which means if I help you make more money, that helps me make more money. Regardless of whether or not you and I are in the same space, if I buy a $50 car from the junkyard, the car wash doesn't make any money off of that, the dealership doesn't make any money off of that, I don't get it serviced, I don't take care of it, but if I buy a hundred thousand dollars in Mercedes, the dealership makes money off of it, the car wash makes money off, the detailer makes money off it, the shop makes money off it every 12,000 miles, so there's more than enough. Every time I make more money, it helps people that I don't even know make more money. That's number one. Number two is, it took me so long to figure out how to get rich, I was so angry that I said, I'm going to share this, I'm going to stand on the rooftops and share this information with everybody I can for the rest of my life. So now I'm doing this as a public service. So I'm basically reframing how they're thinking about it. Now they're not asking that question anymore, and the third is, I'm looking for other people, my business is growing so fast, I'm looking for other people to do my trainings for me. So maybe I teach you how to be a speaker, you think, well you're taking money out of my pocket. Well, you know what, in between the seminars you're doing for yourself, I might hire you to do some of my seminars, because I'm 52, I don't want to travel every weekend of my life, so now I've got three good reasons why I can sell them my product that costs them less than I'm making and still make money on the back end. Great, great. That's great, man, that's great. That's great. Yeah, yeah. Look, we just help you, the more money we help you make, the more money we make ourselves. Every one of these is an affiliate program that we promote, or a multi-level marketing program where their team, with a team that we're helping them build in a multi-level deal, like we're doing a multi-level deal right now where their sales team that we're helping them build is part of our sales team. So the more we can do to build a huge sales team under them, the more, you know, it's just, but I didn't necessarily want to talk about the opportunity market, but in every market you've got to answer those tough questions, you've got to answer them. You mentioned three minutes ago that everybody's searching for something. Right. What is it? Oh, I got it, I got it. Gene Schwartz, arguably like the greatest copywriter that ever lived, one of them, what Gene said was that everybody is looking for a miracle. And I had that hanging up on my wall for a number of years before I tattooed it onto my brain. What people, I think Gene is right. What people are looking for is a miracle. Think about a miracle. They want to go to bed tonight and they want to wake up tomorrow and their lives are totally transformed. They've lost 30 pounds. They've got those six pack abs. They've got a bank account just full of money. People want a miracle. Now, they're not thinking objectively. They're not thinking rationally. They're, they're, but, and they're not, they won't even tell you that they're looking for a miracle. They won't. But I really believe that from an emotional standpoint, which is the core of where everybody buys, they want to believe. They want to believe so much. And whatever, whatever benefits in your market, you're promising people. They want, they want, they want the dream to be real. You know, they, they, and, and so the story that, that my wife and I, that built our company, you know, tens of millions of dollars that, that the, the story that built it is the fact that we are just like they, we, we were just like they are now. And it's that commonality that we have with our marketplace and Myron's got the same thing. You know, he was a trash man for six years. He, he was, he barely made it through high school. He was, but now he's a multi-millionaire. You know, he, he is the after in their before picture. I mean, he's somebody that they can look to. And, and I, I believe that every, in every market, you have to be that person that, that, that, that they can identify with. See, that's the whole thing. That, that, that they can, that they can lean on or hope, you know, somebody that they can aspire to beat or something like that. I think that every market, people wonder what your motivation is selling. Right. They're all skeptical and jaded and cynical self. And in the opportunity market, it's always important to show that you're self-interested. Because that's the most credible thing of all. I'm doing this because I will do better and here's the stuff. But I think in other markets that we sell and do, some of it is not. We still have to show our motivation in a way that the crowd wants to see. You bet you do. You bet you do. And, and, and you're lying to yourself if you think that even your best customers still have questions in their mind. Because again, we're, John said this yesterday. We're living in a day and age where people don't believe they're politicians anymore. They don't believe they're religious leaders. They, they, they certainly don't believe salespeople. I mean, you know, they, they think everybody's got an angle and they don't trust it. There's that part of them that's always holding back. They've been lied to. They've been burned before. And they, they, they'll never tell you that though. They'll never tell you that. Can you talk about the difference between your customers and man versus a woman if you're a man or you're a woman? How does, does that... There might be differences, but in my market, my market is primarily men. But I, I, I, I wouldn't know enough of the differences really. That's, I can't figure women out, man. I've been trying to figure women out all my life. I mean, I, I've been married to the same woman for 25 years. I still haven't figured her out. So sorry, I can't, I can't help you there. Um, although I keep trying, I keep trying to figure her out. Have you figured out that she's always right? Pardon me? Have you figured out that she's always right? Yeah. Oh, she's always right. Yeah. Yeah. I know. Yeah. I never argue. Mary? I wake up and I apologize. See, you're laughing because you know what I'm saying. You've got it all figured out. Right. How long did that take you? Oh, that took me a many years to learn. I bet you were a quick study. But he doesn't do direct mail. Oh yeah. Oh, I do. I write lots of little notes for my wife constantly and stuff like that. I think we buy them for the $9 to the $3,000. Right. Yeah. Some people would think that would be an impossibility, but I'm here to tell you it's not. Here's why. When people, look, one of the, one of the coolest stories I had to tell you guys is that, um, um, we bought a company from our friend Russ, uh, Von Holtzscher. He sold us a company for, uh, called Profit Ideas. Um, Russ had a very successful full page ad that was working like gangbusters for him when we bought that company. That ad was asking for $1 for like a 120 page book that he was giving away. He gave the book away for free, but he asked for a dollar to help offset the cost of posting. No sooner did we buy that company from him. I took that dollar qualifier off, thinking that we'd get a lot more leads and sure enough we did. And yet, and yet Russ was right. Just asking for $1. It changed everything. Just $1. And $1 isn't nothing, but it's that emotional factor of, of, of its emotions again. But the, the question was like from that $9 to the $3,000, what is it that you do? Is it all still direct mail or do you have? Yeah. Oh no, we have sales reps too. We have sales reps. In fact, in fact, I could not run my business now without salespeople. I couldn't do it. You know, how we ever managed to do it, all of those, we've only had our sales department about seven years now. How, how we managed to make it all of those years without salespeople is just absolutely positively beyond me. Because you, again, it's, think about what John said yesterday. Think about all of those things you have going against you. You have, it's so much more difficult to sell to people these days. You need somebody at the other end of that telephone that knows how to do some closing techniques and knows how to build rapport with them. Yeah, you try to build rapport and you do good jobs on webinars and all of that kind of stuff, but you also need somebody that's going to work with the customer personally and be there for them, in my opinion. The $9, the sale letter that they get sort of like, you get it. The $9? Yeah. In fact, in fact, here is, here is our beta tester piece here. I sent it to Dagan right here. It's got, the headline is receive a guaranteed income for life. I mean, that's, we mailed millions and millions and millions of these little booklets right here and it's a nice little booklet. Be sure that Dagan gets it, that belongs to Dagan. That qualifies, that gets him excited about the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the. Yeah, it, well, yeah, and, and, and again, it's that, chip off the block. What can you give people for low cost or no cost? Hey, the only reason we're charging $9 is because they're not in our customer base. To our customers, we never have to do, we never have to use money qualifiers. Usually, I said never. Most of the time to our customers, we never need any dollar qualifiers at all. It's only to people outside of our own group of people that already know us. They, they trust us and all of that kind of stuff. Um, It's on the perfect offer. You have premium pricing. Make sure it was just for them. Were there other? Yeah, yeah, there are. There are relentless follow up, relentless follow up. And, and also, um, what I call a better than no risk guarantee. It's not, it's not just a no risk guarantee because everybody does those kinds of deals. This is like better than risk free. And I'll give you an example on a, on a current offer that we're running now. They don't even have to send it back and they get their money back. They get to keep all this stuff that we're sending them. Um, and we were, we're going to send them a lot of stuff. Uh, so it's a $2,500 offer. They, they have 30 days to decide whether they're in or out. So we send it all to them. They, they don't have to send anything back if they're not happy. We're not happy. And, um, and they can take everything that we've given them in that package and they can, they can cut us out completely and they can make money on our, on their own with them, with the same plan that we're trying to get them involved with. So it, it, it's greed, greed. That's, uh, you know, they start thinking, Hey, you know, I mean, of course it means that some people are just going to, you know, they're going to give you the money so that they can just get their money back, you know, short. So you're in a short term term loan business then. Um, uh, but, uh, but, but somebody, somebody who taught me marketing years ago said this, uh, and he shouted it from the room when he said it to, um, uh, Brad Amton, uh, Brad used to say, if your refunds are too low, you're not selling hard enough. And I, I think there's some real truth to that. And having a better than no risk guarantee so that you eliminate all the risk, but then on top of that, you're rewarding them even if they get their money back, they're rewarded. Um, so I think that's an important thing. Relentless follow up, uh, having salespeople that, that are there, um, having other things that are part of your sequence like tele seminars and webinars. Um, that, that's, that's an important part of the offer. I think you and your story and, and being a little passionate and being willing, you know, I, the longer that I'm in the business, the more I'm able to just say things to my customers that I would never have said to them 10 years ago or 15 years ago. I'm things that, um, I, I tell them things about myself that I was always hold back, um, before. And I, I, I was afraid. I was afraid to tell them things about myself that, uh, thinking that they would judge me poorly. Um, we all have, I'm sure I'm not the only person in this world that has things about myself that I want to keep to myself. I mean, am I? Anyway, there, uh, but slowly bit by bit, I started letting my guard down a little more to my customers and I started finding that it was okay. Like for instance, I'll give you an example. Um, I, I, um, uh, 30 years ago, I, I had a hell of a drinking problem and I had to go to a couple of different treatment centers and stuff because I, I couldn't control my drinking and, um, and it was ruining my life. And for many years, I was too afraid to tell my customers that thinking that they judged me poorly. Then I started mentioning it at my events and stuff and I started, I put a positive spin on it. You know, I haven't touched a drop of alcohol since then and I, and I'm, I'm living right and I'm living clean and, and they, they appreciate things like that. They do. Uh, but even though I told them all that stuff, I didn't also tell them that I had a hell of a drug problem too. Uh, um, um, because, uh, alcohol is one thing. Um, but drugs, but then slowly I started mentioning the drug thing too. And, uh, and, and you know what? They're, they, they, they kind of like that. They kind of like the fact that, uh, I'm revealing personal things about myself. And then of course it's got a nice spin to it. You know, the fact that I've been cleaning sober all these years and, and stuff like that, they like hearing all of that stuff too. Um, but, but it's, it's part, I think it's important. You know, one day you can ask me to speak about an offer. What, what is it all about offers? I mean, you're really selling yourself. That's, that's what John was talking about yesterday and, and other people have been sharing that too. You know, that's the part in here about your story and the emotional factors. I mean, who are you just sort of letting your guard down. So if you're like me, you just start, you know, you're protecting yourself. You have some things you don't want to, and there's some things you've never want to tell people, you know, I mean, um, maybe. Well, there was that time back in the 19, uh, no, uh, I don't know what I was thinking. Um, but, um, all right. Right. Right now we're doing every week we're coming out with something new. Right. Right. And absolutely. So yesterday, yesterday, yesterday afternoon, I had to make a little bit of a break, um, and, um, talk to my people about what we're going to be doing next week. And then, and then next week, uh, we're going to be talking about what we're going to be doing the next week. I'm sure that, you know, that's just the way Russell's been living for years. Um, they're just there. They will, they will always rebuy more from you than you can possibly sell to them. And listen to this, Dagan, if you're not constantly trying to resell to them constantly, somebody else is. So, I mean, I think that there's something to be said for this. You can never own your customers. You can't own them. I mean, even though you own the list or whatever, you can't own them. I mean, they're going to do business with everybody else too, but you can try to consciously be in front of them more often and, and realizing that all you need is small groups to buy from you on a regular basis anyway in order to make a nice profit. So that's that there's part of your saving grace right there. I mean, just because you're going to your entire customer base on a rate, you've got to make it altruistic. It's got to have the big promises. It's got to be all about, you know, ways that you're trying to serve them and help them. And you know, it's not about you trying to slam them and get their money. I mean, even though that they think that that's what it is, and I'm sure at some level you, you know, you, you are trying to get their money, but it's what you're offering in exchange for their money. It's all of the biggest promises and stuff about how you're going to give them their heart's desire and how you're going to provide the biggest benefits that you know that they're looking for. And, and one of the ways that we do this in our pitch to our customers, we simply say this. Our, again, our customers, they, they're interested in business opportunity. We always tell them different business opportunities are right for different people at different times. So we constantly make new opportunities available constantly, never knowing which one's going to have an appeal to them. And nobody ever complains, really. They, they're addicts. Remember, they're addicts. I mean, they, they need, they need that if we're not trying to sell them new stuff, you know, I've got some, I've got some competition and that that's really razor sharp and they're, my customers are also their customers too. And, you know, there's a lot of that intermingling amongst the customer base. So if I'm not pitching them every week, I know some of my razor sharp competitors are, I'd rather, I'd rather be the one to try to have my shot at getting their business rather than some of these other guys. So if you're like the diet marketer every week, you said here's a new diet. This one might be for you, but it's not, it might not. Well, it doesn't, no, it doesn't necessarily have to be a new diet. It can be just a new angle. It could be a new, it just, no, when I say we're in front of them every week, sometimes it's just, there's a different story or there's something happening, something that's new. Remember, people are addicted to new. So there's always something new. What is that something new? Something that we create. I mean, it's just like with everybody says in the marketing world, they all say that you need a unique selling position or USP. Well, a lot of people, there is nothing unique about us. There's nothing unique about us. So we've got to create the uniqueness. It's up to us to make it happen, make it real. It's the same thing with looking for something new to constantly pitch to your customers. There is nothing new. Remember that Bible verse in the Old Testament, there's nothing new. So we have to keep coming up with new stuff or the appearance of new and always something like on this telseminar we're doing next Tuesday, something big is happening on July 16th and you can't afford to miss it. Well, we created, we had to create that something new, you know, and, and, and look, here's one thing I want you guys to think about in the music world. There are songs that have what I think, you know, I call it a hook. There's a hook. Certain songs have that. And if you're like me, yesterday morning on the way to the airport, I was listening to one of my favorite CDs and there was a song that I was listening to like at three in the morning. That song still playing in my head, you know, this morning when I woke up, that song was in my head. It's a, it's a, it's a repetitive cook. We all have our favorite, we all have our favorite music. Let's like that. But in what we're looking for in creating offers that sell, we're looking for something that, well, like on that book that I gave to Roger, you know, how to get a guaranteed monthly income for a life, you know. I mean, it's something that sticks with those people. It sticks with them. It's they can't get it out of their head, just like a good song or something. It's something that's exciting. A promotion that we're doing right now, it's an affiliate program on the internet called Match Rate Plus. They've got a program for business owners where they, it's they provide certain merchant account services. And so once you sell this to the business owner, you get a piece of every credit card transaction. So it's a simple affiliate program, but our hook there is get paid thousands of times a day, you know, and people like that. It sounds good. It sounds of, how can I get paid thousands of times a day? You know, they like that. They just, it's an emotional hook. Something that really sounds good. In fact, one of the richest people I've ever had a privilege of meeting, that was, and when I met him, he was just generating so much money every month. And he, he told me, you know, as long as it sounds good, that's what he kept saying to me over and over and over again. And what he was telling me is what I'm trying to tell you now. It's try to find those emotional cooks, something that every offer's got. I mean, in this case, Match Rate Plus, which is a really, it's a solid affiliate program. It's on the internet, buried within their website copy is a little sentence that said, it's possible for you to get paid thousands of times a day. We took that little sentence and now we blew it up. That little sentence is now part of our huge headline. It was just buried in their website copy. It's the one thing that people really, it gets them excited. People like the idea that they're going to get paid thousands of times a day. And we didn't invent it. We just were smart enough to find it. It was already there. So I say this also, don't be afraid to go over the top. So many people are, they're afraid of making a fool out of themselves. Or they're afraid that they're going to be, that they're going to hype it up too much or something like that. Remember, my part of my eight step formula I gave you is make those giant promises, huge promises, things that are actually a little bit hard to believe even. But then try to back them up with proof, try to show that it's real, tell the stories, use the examples, give them the no risk guarantee that's even better than no risk so that they're protected in every way. But don't be afraid to go over the top because people have built an immunity almost like, oh, my wife, my wife is in the pest control business. She has a pest control company for about the last 12 years. And one of the cool things about that business, I've helped her just a little bit in the beginning with it. And so I would go out on the trucks with her drivers and I was trying to become familiar with the business. It's kind of cool how something you guys probably never thought of because you're not in that business. But when they go out to these homes, they have to keep track of the poison that they use from month to month because by the time they come back the next month, a lot of those insects have already built an immunity to the poison they use the last month. So they have to keep, they have to keep squishing their poison, you know, because the insects have that type of intelligence, if you will, that makes it so they built an immunity. I think, I've always thought about that in sense that people these days have a real immunity, is that the right way to say it? They're a resistance, if you will. They're a resistance to every sales message. So people are afraid to go over the top, but I think you have to go over the top. I think you have to just in order to sort of break through that resistance or that immunity that they have. Pardon me? Do I brainstorm? Is that what you said? Brainstorming, for brainstorming, the new ideas or headlines or? Yeah, yeah, we're constantly doing stuff like that, constantly brainstorming. Is that what you're asking? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, here's my best strategy. My best strategy is so simple. And yet, and yet, I know Russell's doing it because I talked to a few of his people this morning. You surround yourself with good people and people that love the business, people that are passionate about the business and, and, and, and the best ideas come from, you know, I'm, I'm constantly brainstorming with my best people every single day. And that idea that I gave you about next Tuesday, this, this big tell seminar that we're having next Tuesday, where during that event, we're gonna, they can actually make money while that during that 80 minute event, they can actually make money. That came at the tail end of a brainstorming session that we had. It was just one little idea that came at the very, you know, right about the time we all had to go. And boom, there's the idea. We were already really warmed up. The engine was all fired up. We were talking about a lot of different ideas. Here comes one idea at the very, very tail end, that man, that's pretty brilliant. And, and then so that became the whole theme of it. So it's just surrounding yourself with good people, being part of a mastermind group. When I was involved with Dan Kennedy, his mastermind group, and that's how I met Mr. Bill Glazier here, and, and John Allinus. You know, that it was just one big, one big mastermind kind of thing. That's what I saw happening here yesterday afternoon. It was so cool. It was so cool watching Russell and Dagan up here, and you guys were all engaged and stuff. That doesn't happen at my seminar. My seminars, yeah, anybody have any questions? No hands go up. They don't have any questions. They just want you to do everything for them. That's the question. Can you do everything for me? It was so great yesterday seeing you guys all engaged and you guys were all having, you know, that's what can come from a mastermind group. And, and you, you, so surround yourself with good people. My marketing guy is also my son-in-law. I've known him since he was 15. Now he's 38. He's worked with me every day for the last 17 years, and, and they're strengthening that. There's, there's power in, in just, in, in those long-term relationships, going through the thick and the thin of it. And, and I have other people have been with me for years, and that's, that's the best advice. And then also, I block out time every day where, and for me, it's in the morning. For some of you, it might be really late at night. Some of you might be in the afternoon. In the afternoon, I'm like, sleep. But for me, it's getting up real early in the morning and in the, during the summertime, I'm out on, on some country roads by my house, and I've got the dog with me, and he's out there sniffing everything, and I'm, I've got a legal pad in my hand, and, and I'm just writing questions down, and I'm thought as, you know, how can we do this? How can we do that? I don't know the answer to those questions. So I write the questions down, you know, how, how can we do this? How can we do that? And then I just answer, start coming, and, and then, and then you brainstorm with your people. I think that, you know, the strength of entrepreneurs sometimes, they're, they're, you think about this. Every strength is also a weakness. One of the greatest things about entrepreneurs, the one of the, the strongest thing is entrepreneurs are independent as hell, man. We're going to do things our way, you know, and, and, but, and that's a strength. You need to be that way. I mean, if, if, if you're not, if you don't have that mentality that, by God, I'm going to do things my way. I'm going to, you know, I'm, I'm going to, I'm going to go on my own. I'm going to, you're never, you're never going to be an entrepreneur without that. But think about what the reverse of that is. Then people that are too independent, they don't work with anybody, you know, and they want to do everything on their own. I think the smartest thing you can do is surround yourself with people that are smarter than you. At least that's what I've done. I'm starting with my wife. I mean, she's a hell of a lot smarter than I am. And she was, she ran our company for the first 12 years. And if I would have ran it, I would have drove it to the ground. I was, I was a whole lot more immature than I am now. And I'm still kind of immature. Yeah. Just an idea for Timothy, but I think I already shared this with him one-on-one. So as you're writing those questions down, I mean, I didn't, this isn't original. I got it from an author. But as you're writing those questions down, I'm like, what can I do to increase my bottom line? What's my next big offer? So on and so forth. Try writing the answer with your non-dominant hand. Like with your left hand. Oh, yeah, that's cool. That's cool. Even if it comes out looking like crap, you end up using a lot more of your intuitive right brain. And like, stuff comes out that you don't normally expect. It's not logical, but it's oftentimes a lot more insightful. Right. No, that's cool. Well, thanks. Thanks. I'll try that. I never have tried to write with my left hand. Yeah, it's getting past whatever, whatever. It's getting past your own self, I think sometimes too. Just looking at the world of possibilities. You know, that's where that great question, if I had godlike superpowers and I could give my customers anything that they desired, what would it be? When you just start dreaming and you start, you get past your own logical, rational kind of self and you come up with, try the left handed thing. That's a great idea. I'm trying to just see if I've got anything else. If there's any, if there, oh yeah, yeah, here it is, here it is. We use our best customers. I hope, I hope that, Dagen, you're not going to put these recordings on the internet where some of my best customers are going to see that. But if you do, I'm just speaking metaphorically here. I love you, I love you. Keep buying from us. Forgive me for anything. My best customers know I'm flawed anyway, so they all know that because I've showed them I'm flawed. And I think you guys should too. People don't trust people that are too perfect. I don't. It's the people that like, they've got the gleaming white teeth that are blinding, you know, and I don't have that problem. And every hair on their head is like perfect in place. And I mean, I just, I like, my favorite people are just kind of flawed. And they showed me they're a little flawed and stuff. That's one of the ways that I think you earn trust with people is you reveal yourself to them and that endears people to you. Every good salesperson knows that. But I think you should test every offer to your best customers first. Just as a way of using your best customers is sort of like guinea pigs metaphor. They're not, they're just, you know, they're, you're, they're, you're testing. If your best customers don't get super excited about it, forget it. And after a while of running repeated tests, you'll know what super excited means when you look at the results then and then test to your customer base that are not your best customers and keep going down. You should segment your customer list. And we have our segmented like four different levels by people that have just they've given us the $9 but they never gone beyond that or whatever, you know, and hardly anything works to those people. But, but we keep testing, we keep trying, we keep hope alive, you know. But I think some offers like our beta tester, it's what I would call a reason why offer. There's a reason why you're going to them. Though that has really worked. And you know, here's the funny thing about that beta tester offer. We have probably mailed, oh God, I don't even know. Millions and millions and millions of, of direct mail pieces have gone in the mail to our small, basically small market that I'm part of. So I know all of my competitors have seen that piece that I gave Roger a variation of it. They've all seen it because their names are seated on all the lists and stuff. And yet, and yet it's really surprises me how nobody is nobody that I know of has has taken it. I'm really surprised by that. I don't even know what to think about that. I just think it's interesting. That's all. We've got an offer that's worked for us for like 15, 17 years. We've mailed it repeatedly in different formats. And I'm in my market, I've never seen anybody else repeat it. I just, I don't know why that would be, but it's just funny to me. Oh no, no, no. Not even close. Not even close. No, and we, that was a big thing. When my wife ran the company for those 12 years, she's really conservative. I think I talked about it in my book. It's their difference. They're different. Some, you know, the real answer is when we've actually tested, we found the right number. Because after, after the eighth promotion, each, each piece that you, that we send out in a direct mail way, but you could do this with internet marketing. So you keep testing it. And, and you, so you know when the drop off is when it stops becoming profitable. But most people, although it is possible to go too far because I've gone there. And that's my tendencies to go there. Most people don't go far enough. So they're always holding back and they think they're being smart. But the really smart thing is to keep testing to see if money spent, if more money spent versus means that you're going to make more money. Trying to, trying to see now. Oh yeah, here's what I want. This is probably where I want to end it. Okay. This is where I want to end it. Last fall, we did a seminar out in San Diego with our friend Russ. And we, we promoted it. We spent a lot of money to promote that seminar. And so we knew how we were under, so to say, if you will, you know, we, all this money that we spent to get those people to attend. And, and a lot of, when we got to San Diego, a lot of the, it was a free event. And so a lot of the people that said that they were going to be there didn't show up. And a lot of the people that were there, see, I've got people on my staff that have been working with me for like 20 years now. So they, they know my market, they know my customers. And when I, when I got to the hotel, they, they told me, we knew how much money we had to make at that event, how much money we had to, what was, what was our nuts, so to say. And because we had done all this, spent all this money promoting it. Well, well, my people got there before I did, and they got a chance to mingle with some of the people that were at that seminar. And they, there was some problem customers. We've all had them. I hope, I hope I'm not the only one that's had them. Some of our problem customers though are some of our very, very best customers. And that's, that's sort of the punchline of what I'm saying. I'm giving you the punchline right now. But, but my people told me, they said, oh man, forget it. This group is dead. They're not going to buy anything. This is what, what, what my, my, my number, my number one seminar guy that's been with me for 20 years is telling me this. These people aren't going to buy anything. And then he proceeded to tell me some of the problems that they, you know, the, the certain amount of bitching and whining and complaining and whatnot that he had been putting up with for the previous day. And, and so then my sales manager is there, my marketing guy and two of my sales reps are there. And so we were working with a much smaller group than we had anticipated of people that were problem people. And so we started thinking, holy crap, you know, we're going to, we just lost all this money. And I hate losing money. I just hate losing money. I'm sure I'm not alone on that. Because I was paying even more money to have, to have, you know, there were like six of my people were there at the event that, and they don't work cheap. And I, I had to pay for all their hotel and all that travel and all that. So we just got it in our heads that we had a little meeting. There was like four or five of us in that meeting, the two sales reps, my sales manager, my marketing guy and myself. And we, we already had an offer in mind that we were going to make to these people that when they attended the event. And, but we knew that it had to be a much, much, much more powerful offer than what we were going to offer them based on what we were experiencing with the, with the crowd. You know, how can we give them more and more and more. And so we just, I posed that challenge. And then, and then a few of my guys really got into it. And they started saying, well, we could give them this. And then somebody else would say, hey, we could give them this, we could give them this. And it kept, they just kept stacking it and stacking it and find all these other things that they could give them these other bells and whistles that were way beyond what we, what we initially had thought of. And it got to the point where it was kind of like, I think they call it a pissing championship, you know, where, or whatever, you know, that's just what I, what I've known it as, you know, where one guy's got to top the other guy. And then the other guy's got to say, no, I can top that. And finally, I even got out of it because I started getting too complicated for me. All these promises that we're going to do this, we're going to do this. And, and so when it came time to doing the presentation at that event, I, I took it to a certain level and just gave it to my marketing guy said, now I'll let Chris explain all the rest of everything you're going to get. I'll let Chris explain it because I didn't even know it beyond that. And he went on to tell him, you're going to get this and this and this and this and this and all the stuff that they had been talking about for hours. And, and we made a, we made all these promises to our customers. And we sold almost everybody in the room. And it was like a three or $4,000 sale to people that were, that we were convinced just the day before, absolutely positively, we're not going to buy. And that was coming from a guy that's been with me at every seminar we've ever had for 20 years, who has seen every crowd. We've had hundreds of seminars. He's seen every single crowd for 20 years. He's this, this, he said, this crowd is they're not going to buy. And that's what he was telling me. We proved to ourselves that, that with the right offer, and of course we had, we were in the right selling environment. I heard Russell bringing that up yesterday. So, you know, your, you, you people, well, there, there, there's, there's, there's, that's seminars of good format. Hey, look, that's one thing I forgot to say to you. I think that everybody should be having events for your customers. There, there are pain in the ass to do sometimes. But I think that, and if you can't, if you won't do an event for your customers, I think you should at least be on the phone with them. You should have that interaction with your customers. I am so grateful for my friend Russ Von Holscher, who back in 1990, when we were just two years old, Russ, Russ, he hosted our first seminar for us. And I was too scared to even get up in front of the group and say hello. I was just like behind, I was, Russ had to do the whole thing. I was just so, so insecure and afraid and scared of my own shadow and all that kind of stuff. So my wife, Eileen and I, we just came out in the hallway and let Russ, and, but then people kept coming back and listening. Pretty soon Russ was in a very few people in the room with Russ. They were all out in the hallway with Eileen and I, because she was the star of our show back then. And, and they all wanted to be with her, not Russ. But, and our confidence built over a period of time. But I think that if you're not having interaction with your customers that's beyond emailing, you know, because that's how a lot of people just want to do it all through the email. And it's easier to do it through the email, you know, just send emails back and forth to each other and it's easy or text messages or whatever. But it's that, it's that interaction with people. There's nothing like getting face to face. And I am so very, very, very grateful that, that Russ got us involved in seminars. We've had a few hundred of them over the year. And I hugged my customers constantly. I'm, I eat with them. I listen to all their stories about their aches and pains and personal problems. You know, and, and, and, and I'm constantly picking their brain. They don't realize that. I'm asking them all kinds of questions and stuff. But really, what I'm trying to do is figure them out. You know, I'm really trying to get inside their brains. I'm trying to, I'm trying to understand what's behind how their mind works and how they think. And when they talk about, I try to get them to talk about my competitors. That's one of my big things, you know. Don't, don't tell me anything bad about my stuff. Tell me, tell me what, you know, what, what, you know, and I try to, I listen very, very, I'm not a good listener, by the way. Not a good listener at all. My wife says that all the time. I don't listen. But, but when that, when I talk to my customers, I listen. I listen very, very carefully and I try to understand what they're saying. And if you know your customers intimately enough and know what they like and what they dislike and know what they want, what are their secret, most of the desires. And then you create these offers like we did last fall in San Diego, where, you know, where we're going to, we're going to just keep making it. So, you know, people want, what people want is, they want the most they can get for the least amount of money. I mean, that's really what they really want. They want the biggest results for the smallest price. They want, they want expensive stuff for dirt cheap prices. They want, and it's up to you to keep stacking it and building it, building it, building it. And you create those kinds of things and, and you can make a lot of money. And that's all I got. And thank you guys very much. And really appreciate it. Thank you. Thanks.