This is seriously like a really intimidating crowd to speak to. Do you guys all know? I like it. It's kind of fun. It's more like just a brainstorm fun session than like... Yeah, than a typical speaking. It's fun. Okay, so we've been shifting the schedule around a little bit. We're going to do this later on in the day, but I'm going to do this right now. So when we first started planning the whole invisible funnel stuff in this whole event and what we wanted to do and talk about, I was looking at things that Dagan's really strong at, things I'm strong at. And from a storytelling and story selling standpoint, he's the best. I was looking at all his presentations and I'm like, dang, that stuff's all so cool. I'm like, what value can I bring? What things can I bring that are complement that are different, that are unique, and that would help a group of people with your guys' caliber? And I've really spent the last, man, probably the last two years or so writing a lot of copy and I've learned some really cool, unique, different things. And so this isn't like a copyrighting presentation because I don't consider myself a copywriter, but I've learned some interesting things on how we structure words and language patterns, things like that, that have been really, really effective. And so that's something to be talking about right now. So I get to take notes. If you want, yeah. Awesome. So it should be fun. The title of my presentation is actually Inception. Who here saw the movie Inception? Who thought it was, that was actually a good movie, right? It was amazing, right? And so the whole concept of this presentation came a couple months back. Who here has watched Ripplin' Rollout, the Ripplin' launch? Some of you guys? So when that whole thing came to us, I had a chance to meet the owners and stuff like that and they wanted me to get involved and I laughed at them and I said, the problem is all network marketers, your sales processes are so horrible and embarrassing and bad and I just don't want to be part of it because those are so bad. And they're like, well, we need you to come on board then and help us make the sales videos and the sales process. And they twisted my arm a lot. I tried for six months to tell them no and then they kept making the offers better and better. Finally, I'm like, all right, let's just do this. And so they wanted me to come and help them with the marketing. And so initially they came out with all these videos and this message to kind of explain what Ripplin' was. And I remember it just really bugged me. I was looking at all the stuff and it was so, I can't really explain what it was. They were technically following all the rules of copywriting. They were doing the right things, they were doing stuff. What was that? But they were boring. They were just like, there was something about it. And I wrote an email, actually Jonathan Budd about this and I wanted to quote this because I think it's important. I said, what I found in copies, if you just tell someone something, then it's not as strong and doesn't get the emotion needed to cause action. I think that to really make any concept go viral and get people's buy-in, we have to lead them somewhere but we can't give them the answer. They have to come up with it. We plant it in their minds with the story and if they come up with the answer, then they've sold themselves and that'll cause the actions. That makes sense. And Jonathan Roback said, dude, that's like effin' inception. If you guys know Jonathan, he stores all. That's like effin' inception. Let's do it. So they put me the task to go and write the sales videos or the launch videos and if you've watched the launch videos, they've obviously done really, really well. And it's kind of funny from my standpoint. One morning I got a text at like four in the morning from someone and they said, dude, you made it on TechCrunch. And I was like, what? Like I got all excited. I think it was Todd sending me. And then he's like, the second text came in, it's not good, send. I was like, oh crap. So I like roll over in bed and I pull my phone and go to TechCrunch. And sure enough, the leading article said what not to do in your pre-launch sales video. And underneath it was my sales video and my voice, my words. And in line by line, the author went through every single line about what I said and why it was stupid. And I started watching this. I'm like sitting again four in the morning reading this like, are you serious? And I started going through the process and I started reading it and it made me laugh because every single thing that he had made fun of, every single word for word point he made fun of, was there for a very distinct purpose and cause the exact action we wanted to cause. And what's interesting, Todd was actually heckling, it was really funny. After they talked trash about it and then he was making fun of how I was prophesying that it was going to go viral and we're going to see it on the news and blogs are going to write about and all this kind of stuff. And it was like seven days into it, we had like 150,000 members already. And Todd just posted and they're like, looks like they were right. And it was kind of funny. And we had this, anyway, it was a big battle on TechCrunch. That's kind of the power behind what I'm talking about is how do you create something that doesn't just sell? Like a lot of people just sell the thing, right? And I've been really trying over the last two years to create a process or create writing in a way that we kind of introduce an idea or introduce something but then they're the ones that come up with the idea because if they're idea then they buy every single time. With the Ripple In videos, if you watch how those were crafted and scripted, I never once said that, hey, big companies are screwing you over. I wasn't blunt and just said what it was. I just put these ideas out there and kind of tossed them up in the air in a certain format where people are like, oh, they grabbed them together and all of a sudden they're like, holy crap, I just figured this thing out. They had the epiphany, right? And Dagen's going to be talking a lot tonight about epiphany, which is exciting. But that's kind of the process. And so what I'm going to be showing you guys is just some things I found out that are working for me and I hope that there's one or two of these tricks that you guys can throw into your bag of tricks. So here I use these tools. There are a couple places I write a lot of scripts for like webinar registration scripts, invisible funnel scripts, email scripts. I mean, there's a lot of places you can use it at. So again, I'm not just saying this is how you write a video script. Anything like that, that's not the point. It's just here are tools you can use in all forms of communication that work really, really well. Okay. Now to begin with, I want to just kind of vent a little bit on one of my pet peeves. We launched the dot com secrets labs newsletter. Who saw that or got a copy of that? A couple of you guys. Was it awesome? Okay. I actually brought a copy for all of you guys. We're going to give it to you on Saturday. But basically we started this new thing in our company where we are doing tons of split testing and data and just really cool stuff. And each month we're putting in all of our split tests into a newsletter and mailing it out. Our first issue had 24 different split tests in it that some of them were just like groundbreaking and just some really cool stuff. And I went out to the marketing community to ask people to split test me so we could see other ones we could put in there. And it made me laugh because some of the people were submitting split tests that they don't understand the split testing concept. They don't understand the difference between like warm traffic and cold traffic. And I just want to kind of, before I get into this, have them understand there's a big difference. Okay. I had people that are like, yeah, this page converts at 76%. And I'm like, wow, that's pretty amazing. Like, I wish I had a page that converted 76%. And I started digging deeper and deeper and they're like, well, I said it's my own list of buyers. There were 12 of them. You know? And like, okay, like that's not a split test. I don't care what you think. And so there's a big difference between warm traffic and cold traffic. How we communicate is very different on all different aspects of it. Just for a good example, like our dot com secrets X product is very much spoken to the lowest level if you watch it, which is why it converts so good. It's two years and it's just getting better and better and better. The squeeze page, when we buy a squeeze page from my internet marketing traffic, we're talking about list building on the front where the other one's making money. So I found a really cool quote from Gene Schwartz. Schwartz, he said, if your prospect is aware of your product and realizes it can satisfy his desires, your headline starts with the product. So warm traffic. If he's aware of it already, okay, so come over here, the most aware. So if your prospect's already aware of it, then you can lead your headline, you're leading with the product, right? If he's not aware of your product, but only has the desire itself, your headline starts with desire. If he's not yet aware of what he really seeks, but is only concerned with the general problem, your headline starts without problem and crystallizes into a specific need, okay? So down here on like the cold, like super cold end of the spectrum, you're focusing on, boom, we're focusing on desire. No, sorry, sorry, this is problem. Focus on problem. This is in the middle, you're focusing on desire. And over here, you're focusing on the product, okay? This is important because I don't know about you guys, but for all of our campaigns, we have different landing pages for all of them. We have a diabetic supplement and every type of traffic source has a different type of landing page. They're all very, very different. And so whenever people come to me like, oh, this page converts to X percent, it means it's either they're lying to you or it's just based on one source of traffic. Every source is different as a lot of you guys know. And so I just want to start with that, is just understanding that in your copy, in the things you're doing, if it's your already existing list, everything you're doing is different. You're focusing on the product base at that point, right? If you're brand new traffic coming back in, you're focusing down here. I heard a really interesting podcast the other day about someone who, she's a really good marketer. She was talking about how she hates all the conversion stuff because she likes having branding on her site and people can understand her personality, all that kind of stuff. Because that she doesn't want to focus on conversion, she just wants to focus on building her brand. And I wanted to reach through the podcast and yell at her and be like, look, this is the deal. Your front end that you're driving your cold traffic to needs to be the most, whatever converts the best. And then after they're on your list, then you can send them all your pretty ones because then you're branding. And so the conversion, everything's different here than over here. We've got pages over here that our list converted at 40, 50, 60 percent. But if I send cold traffic to them, I'm getting like half a percent. You know what I mean? So that's something I just wanted to preface is understanding there's way too big difference in cold and warm traffic and how we're doing stuff. And because if you just take the stuff and just apply it and you're doing product based stuff and trying to send cold traffic to it, you're never going to have success. Whereas if you come over here, cold traffic, you're going to kill it. Does that make sense you guys? Cool. All right. Okay. Now I want to talk about the evolution of copywriting because I think it's changed a lot. And I don't think anybody really knows about it yet. So I want to tell you about what's happening because it's freaking me out and it's exciting. About two years ago, there was an offer that came out. And I'm used to hear people tell stories about like, if there's a good offer, like affiliates will come. People will come and promote it. And I'd heard that, but I'd never really seen it before. There's this offer that came out in the bizop space. And he didn't do a product launch. He didn't tell anybody about it. I just got an email saying, hey, this offer, someone promoted it, did really good. You should test it out. So I sent an email to a part of our list just to test it out. And we got over $10 affiliate EPC. So my check was $10 every click I sent. So it was over $20 EPC on this product. And I was like, holy crap, I can send a lot of traffic by making $10 a click. So we started just driving insane amounts of traffic to it. I told someone, he told someone, and within like three months, he's made over $10 million of that offer. No product launch, no nothing just because the offer converted and converted awesome. And I looked at the page and I was like, why is this doing so well? I got to figure out behind the scenes. I started looking at it. And the way the copy was written was different, not just from a verbal standpoint, but the structure of it, the layout. A whole bunch of things were different. I was like, this is really, really weird. And so I tried to find out. I called the guy. I said, who wrote your copy? And he told me the guy. He said, this is the guy that wrote the copy. And so I called the guy up and just kind of, I get to know you. Like, what do you do? And I don't think he even really knows what he does. I invited him. I invited him. I wanted him to come because I've been dissecting this. And so I hired him to write a letter for me. And he's really expensive. He wrote the first letter and he comes back the same format. I was like, this is interesting. And so we started driving traffic. It was my, whoever saw my Illuminati offer, that was the one he wrote for me. And we sent some traffic to it and it blew up. And it was a $97 a month continuity program. And in the first like four days, we'd hit $100,000. And our merchant account time limited $100,000. So we had to tell all of our affiliates to stop. And then we got death threats on the phone from people who, like some Illuminati people. Like, can you imagine? So we're sitting there. Let me step back. So we're sitting there in the office and my secretary's like, and we're kind of a small officer and sitting around and like, hey Russell, we just got a death threat on the phone. I'm like, what? She puts it on speakerphone for everybody to hear. But this guy's going to come and blow up our building and he wants to kill us all. And I'm like, that's not like the kind of thing you want your employees to all hear. So we stopped driving traffic to that offer, but it was working amazingly. So I started looking at other things he had created. I started promoting his offers just to see consistency. And every single time it was like $8 EPC, $6 EPC, $7 EPC, just affiliate EPC. After our cut, I was just like, this is amazing. And I started dissecting what he was doing and learned some really, really interesting things. So the first thing is really interesting is if you look at the structure, and that's what I wanted to use the Elmore right here. I want to show you guys, this is, oh crap, he didn't print this right. Oh well. I'll show it to you anyway. If you look at the structure of how the copy is written, because this is important, this part of it, I don't know if you guys are going to be able to see that very well. You don't need to read the words. That's not the point. The point is only the structure. A couple of things to notice. First off, every sentence is like four to five words. There's never a line that goes two lines. Very short, very fast, very easy to read. At the end of almost every single line is dot, dot, dot. These ellipses that pull you through. It's really interesting. If you read this, I'm going to read a couple of these to you guys. They're written at a very, very basic, like first grade level. Very interesting. I had Mike Morgan write copy for me. He sent me the letter. It was like a typical sales letter. Like you follow all the rules. And I was like, ugh. And so I sent him a bunch of these sales letters. I'm like, can you just change the whole thing and structure it like this? I sent him like five or six of this guy's sales. There's like, look at all these guys' sales letters. Copy this format. He came back and he was able to write the sales letter in like a day as opposed to like five or six days for the first thing. Way faster. He told me, he said, he's like, I feel like I'm writing at a first grade level. And he's like, and it's powerful. It sucks you through this process. So the first thing is just the structure of it. We'll get deeper in the other parts. But the structure is very, very important because look how unintimidating that is to read. Do you guys see that? Like you see that and you can start flying through these sales letters. They're also very, very fast to write. I can write an entire sales letter, like a 15 to 20 page sales letter that normally would take me three to five days. I can write in about two hours now. I can write more copy now than, it's just amazing how much stuff we can produce going through this style. Another interesting thing is all of them are based around, the first thing is they're all based around one singular idea. It's not like three or four or five. It's one singular idea. There's only one focus of the entire thing. Anyone here? The entire sales letter is one idea. There's not three ideas, not five. There's only one thing that's focusing on the entire thing. Is it one problem, one solution? Yeah, yeah, just one. It's not like, can we teach you this and this and this? It's just one thing. Anyone here have read the book, Great Leads by Michael Masterson? That book is phenomenal. Chapter one. After going through this process, I started like, I had my own opinion. I noticed that with this guy's copy, he never used bullet points ever. There was never a single bullet point, never a feature, a benefit, never once did he ever even talk about the product. Because the same thing we talked about with the infomercials and the sales, the call center, the product is not the important part. The important part is the emotion, right? And I noticed like he never put a bullet point in any of these things. And so when I started writing this stuff this way, I never put bullet points in it. And for me it was liberating because I hated writing bullet points, like figuring out these features and benefits. And so we cut out all the bullet points. When I read Masterson's book, I was on a flight and I read the very first chapter, he's talking about the first type of leads. And I read this paragraph in here and I started like literally like cheering in my seat because I was like, yes, I'm not just crazy. This is, I'm not, I had validation in my thought process. I think bullet points destroy your sales letter. And this is what Masterson said. He said, most copywriters conjure up a list of features and benefits and create ads and mention as many of them as possible. The thinking behind this approach goes something like this. I wonder which of these benefits will really push the buttons I want. Hmm, I don't know. I guess what I'll do is I'll just throw all of them in the promotion. That way if one doesn't work, maybe another will. This is what is called toss salad approach to advertising copy. Throw everything on the counter into a big wooden bowl, marinate it with some connecting sentences and toss. It's a standard recipe for a B level copywriter but it's not the way to win any blue ribbons in the competition kitchen of breakthrough advertising. I read that I was like, that makes so much sense to me because as soon as you start introducing bullet points and feature, like you're distracting him. The focus of good copy is not the product. It's the emotion. It's all the storytelling stuff that Degansson get into. This is the focus of the salesman. That's what drives you through and as soon as you start bringing up, in my opinion, maybe I'm wrong. I don't think so. My video's out converting everybody else's. The features and benefits derail you. It takes you off of this path that you're trying to drive someone down through. The best thing is again, you're selling hope. You're not selling the product. I actually wanted to read you a couple, just like intros of some of these scripts. You can see the way that they flow. The first time I ever did this, Brett and I were flying, where were we flying? Baltimore? We were over the Overcome Pornography. We have a product. We own OvercomePornography.com, helping people with their pornography addictions. What's all it for? I don't know how to answer that. What's that? You're getting to that after a while. Yes. Anyway, we're getting to this niche, right? I have no idea if people are going to buy it. I'm not going to spend like $15,000 on a copyright and all this kind of stuff. We just got to write this stuff. Brett actually took the first whack at it, kind of wrote a presentation. It was pretty good. We put it out there and it wasn't really converting that good. Then we were flying somewhere. We were flying Rich's office. We were flying Rich's office. Can you just try to write this thing? It puts a laptop on my lap and I was like, I'm going to write this as if I'm this other cop. The guy's name is Mike Williams. I'm just like Mike Williams. I'm going to pretend like I'm him. I'm going to write his style. I'm going to do the little bullet points and dot, dot, dot. I'm just going to follow this path. I sat down and started just typing as fast as I could. Didn't do any editing. Just boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Within three or four hours, the very first version of sales that I came through, which has done awesome for us. I'm going to just take you. Some of the stuff Dagen's going to talk a lot about with your stories telling like starting at a place of high drama. Some of these things you'll learn about coming up. I just want you to feel the emotion that we're taking someone through on this. Imagine the advertising source. We're advertising on porn sites. If you are on a porn site and see a big banner that says, feeling guilty, that's me. If you click on that, you can actually see my video. Or we also, egg, egg. If you've seen it, that's not good. I've seen this. I've heard this video before, Russell. Then we also have exit pops. When people leave a porn site, we pop up and write, hey. I'm coming to someone. Holy cow. We went from inappropriate to like just off again. Okay, so put yourself in that state. You just left the site. You're done whatever and you're feeling a little guilty. This is where we pick up the story. Okay. It happened again, didn't it? To you or to someone you love? I know your story. Everyone's situation is different, but the results are usually the same. Let me know if this sounds familiar. It's around 11.30 at night. Your spouse just fell asleep. You're tired, but something keeps nagging at you. You decide to get up. Just to check your email. Maybe look at an eBay or Craigslist for something you know you really want or need. A few minutes later, it happens. Again, you have no idea how you got there, but you're there. You knew it would happen even though you won't admit it. You have a second of hesitation, but you know it's already too late. One hour turns into two and then two into three. You know you're going to be tired tomorrow for work, but at this point, you don't really care. You know the shame and the guilt you're going to feel. The look of the pain in your eyes when you look at your loved ones, but it's already too late. For some of you, this story happens often. For some of you, it just happened right now. That's why you're here, right? You guys feel that? Is that better than like, who else wants to know the secret? Blah, blah, blah, blah, anyway. In fact, I don't even believe it headlined you guys. That's how crazy I am right now. Most of our headline tests, headlines aren't always helping. I think sucking some of the story fast through that is way better than discover the number one secret to blah. No, just start this story and as soon as it happened again, didn't it? If you're just on a porno site and all of a sudden that pops up and says that, you're going to be like, what the crap? You are engaged from the second you start, right? Then boom, this video sucks you in and we're telling this story and we're talking about the pain you feel and the emotion and all this kind of stuff. We don't go into the details of the product and blah, blah, blah, blah, all that kind of crap. The interesting thing is we've got a solution that can help and we know where you're at right now. It's interesting, if you looked at our old call center scripts, the way that it would work is you get on a phone with somebody and what's interesting is the internet is a little different because usually someone finds you on the internet, they're still in that state of pain. When we're calling on the phone, they were in pain earlier, that's why they bought the thing. We're calling them a day later, a week later, so they're not really in pain. Our first step in our process is get them on the phone and then we have to bring them back down to that exact same spot where they felt that exact same pain that made them take the action, whether it was buying, how to make money, product or weight loss, whatever it was, that pain that they were feeling right then, we have to get them back to that as quick as we can. When we pick up on the phone, there's this whole process of questions that's bringing down here to the lowest point. It's hard because you've got to build a relationship to trust someone while you get them to spill their guts about why their life's horrible. What's interesting though is because the next step of the script is then you have to show them the vision, right? This is what is possible, this is what we can have, this is the dreams you want to go after. What's interesting is that when you call someone on the phone, they are so excited to tell you about all their problems. This part's usually easier. They're like, oh yeah, my life sucks, my wife left me, this happened here, blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. As soon as you ask them what their dreams are, they don't know. All they know is they're angry and they're pissed and they're miserable. That's what's interesting. Your job, we know this from the phones, a lot of times you don't know that until you actually talk to your customers because we're internet nerds. Most of us don't talk to our customers. When you start talking to them, what you realize is that they don't know what they want. You have to paint that picture of what it could be and what it is. Like I was talking about earlier when Dagen was talking, the other thing is there's two paths. There's the people that move towards pleasure and the people that move away from pain. You have to understand that because you're speaking to two different audiences. The reality is the majority of people, for us, usually the stronger hook is always moving away from pain. If we can paint that picture of pain and show them what it's like to leave pain, that's what they want. In the call center script, I'm telling this because it relates back to everything. It's interesting because people at this point are like, well, what's it going to cost? What's the product? The product, that doesn't even matter. We're talking about you right now. I want to think about it for a little bit. You've been thinking about it for a long time. You bought this thing three weeks ago. You're still broke. It's not about the product. It's about you. It's about your issues. It's about you're struggling with your pornography addiction or you're poor or you're fat or you don't have a girlfriend or whatever the business is. You have to bring that out and that's the focus. The focus is not the product. Does that make sense? Cool, cool. Let's see. Now my thing's all out of order. Cool. That's the first thing I want to talk about. This structuring thing because... Yeah? What's that? You can say comment, question, anything else? Sure. Because of my drinking perspective, having a really good background in a bar, a background, but all of these things are what people need and so forth. They are right there. That's what the Old Testament and Prophet's books. If you look at the structure of their books, that's what they started out with problem and getting people to feel, support and said they need to make a change and they end with a vision. Okay now? where there's no vision that people perish. You gotta paint that. You gotta say structure, that's what it is. So even if these structures are very old structures, but sometimes as soon as you mention Bible, people think religion has support. But it's all persuasion as well, to get people to make a decision. And meaning from the problem, make them understand that you're going to have a problem, then you tell them what's the solution and then the end of the vision. That's how all the Old Testament books are written. And they say, what's the product? The product is you'll be rid of this pain. The product you're rid of the pain, it's not this feature and this benefit and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Thank you. I just need to know. Are you going to talk about how you close your... Yeah. ...over a couple more minutes? No. I'm afraid to ask that question. Okay. I have the opposite website, masterbader.com. Oh dear me, that's you? How am I traffic on your site? I'm here once a GoPro. You deserve better. I'm just advertising my very good graphic or whatever. It's getting more right into that conversation and still what it's like to get through my own. Yep. Exactly. Most saleslers I've ever gone back from good copywriters, they come back. I usually chop off the first page in half, delete it and then get right to the point. Again, when Dagen talks about this, this is my biggest epiphany I got from Dagen. When this whole process doesn't learn, is you always start a place of high drama. When he said that, I was just like, dude, that's it? It made sense. I went back to all my sales legends to leave the first 20 slides and just start. Cause like, started the point of high drama. He'll get into that. I don't want to ruin that part, cause it's powerful, but. A movie might start you right in the, you know. Yeah. Who's here seeing Cliffhanger? Do you remember that movie? It starts them like going over the thing and like, ah, they die and you're just like, and then the movie starts, but you're just like, you're in. Like game over. Okay. Oh, what's that? I was just gonna say, so it's like, you're in the high drama and then you might go back to the context and how you got there or like, we'll talk about that. Dagen talked about that. Cause it's good. Anyway, so my, my biggest thing though is, first off is the structure. Okay. When you guys, when you guys start, I'll send you guys out a copy of like five or six sales. There's written this way. Read through them and just see like the structure. Cause I promise you, when you learn this, this thing, it's so freeing, you can write stuff so much faster, so much more efficiently, so much more effectively. And I think it's the best stuff in the world. So that's, that's the first one. I will hope. So you're saying that Pat's on something is going to help you, you're doing sales that isn't a copy, I can't do right to that, but I'm saying right now. Yeah. I'll send you guys a bunch of my swipe files. Just so you can see how again, this process, how we're writing, what's all, it's basically a whole bunch of half sentences that drive people. Like once you start this path, you can't get off it. That's what I found. You start being the first liner too, and then it's just like this fast journey and there's no, there's no typical copyright. You got these big paragraphs and headlining. It's just, you start and you start running and, I don't know, it's out converted everything I've ever done ever and we've promoted a lot of stuff. You're just trying to be a sales. Yep. We just same script for BSLs. Yep. You use this for your affiliate bootcamp. Yeah. Did it work? It worked like gangbusters. I was like, this is just growing. I actually had somebody like, can you type up line by line every postcard that he put it up and I want to see what his copy was. It was exactly like that. And when I was looking at it, I was like, that's so weird. Why? How did this convert so well? Like, or, you know, why is this so compelling? I mean, obviously the postcard thing, that was a whole other, like the video technique was amazing as well, but. Thank you. The copy really worked and I can tell, like there's only two pages long, if that. Yeah. Yeah, I think most of my copies, this is way shorter. Cause I'm not spending 30 pages on trying to explain the product. It's all about pulling that pain out, giving them hope, offering the hope. Like it's, it's a, and it's all through one story, one singular story with one focus. And when you do that, it's just amazing. It's the same stuff. What's that? It's what we just said. I guess, you know, you say that on VSL. Yep. All my VSLs are off this. I think VSLs are kind of that stuff. Close up. Yeah. Yep. The exact same thing. VSL, you're showing the text that way, that you're saying. Yeah. And is it one slide for every line One slide for every line. Yeah. Oh really? Yep. One slide for every line. Yeah, buddy, one slide for every line. So you never see two lines on one screen. You're reading. I want to go fast. It's fast. Yeah. The other thing, the one that he's talking about, you ever saw my Philip Bootcamp video? None of you guys seen it. Dude. That was the video that happened. Okay, so this is, so one night, my wife and I, you guys remember, this was probably a year ago, year and a half ago, there was a kid that made a YouTube video. And he ended up passing away like a couple days later, but he started with a stack of cards and he told his whole story about his life. And my wife and I sat there for like 20 minutes watching this video, like balling our eyes out. And I was like, that was the most captivating thing I've ever seen. Then I forgot that emotional moment. I'm like, I can freaking use that to make a lot of money. Okay. And so, so I went in the next day. I was like, that was the most captivating video I ever saw. So I had, I wrote my little script. I gave my assistant, she wrote each of the cards. I sat down to video, I just went through the cards like this. It was my very first invisible funnel. And my whole thing was like, look, you guys have been hearing so much hype I'm not even gonna talk in this video. This is what the deal is. This is why you should get involved. It's not gonna cost you any money. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, sign up down below. Just say what you guys hold the card up. It's black and white. It's black and white. It's really, it's ninja. If you want to affiliateboocamp.com, you can see it. If you just wanted to know what was on the next card, you're like, oh, I can't close this video. There's another card. We're just gonna show you something. Yeah. Affiliateboocamp.com. Yeah, affiliateboocamp. It's awesome. I was proud of that video. Okay. All right. So that's structure stuff. Again, I will send out to the master list. I'll send you guys like five or six just copies of my sales that are written. All right, all my sales letters in text, in notepad. That's why I hate my Mac. My Mac doesn't have notepad. They're not as good. I've tried every single one. Textmates, textmates the closest. But that's why I keep my PC, because I love notepad and all my stuff in notepad. So I'll send you a bunch of notepad files. Anyway, so structure is important. Okay. When you apply this email marketing, how do you then create a subject line? Is the subject line the first sentence of the high drama or is it the summary of what they're gonna get? Subject line is what's gonna open up, what's gonna get them intrigued about the high drama, I think, I don't know. Yeah, because you're saying to be yourself. Because you're saying you're losing your clients, right? Yeah, I do less of an email. I need to do more of an email. I do more, mostly through scripts for mine. Personally, I use a lot more in scripts. Anyway, I wanna move on, because there's other good stuff. So the next step here is, for this concept, also, excuse me, also for, just for the whole invisible funnel concept as a whole, there's basically three steps I try to take someone through. And I wrote them up before we started here. So the first one is called primary question. Who here has ever been to Tony Robbins' date with Destiny event? Okay, if you haven't been to that event, you first need to go to UPW, walk on fire to experience that, and then come to date with Destiny. But at date with Destiny, he does this whole half a day thing about our concept he calls a primary question. He says that most of us aren't even aware of this concept, but we all have a primary question inside of our heads that drives everything about us. And for everyone, it's different. But that question has been there since you've been a little kid, and it drives every single choice you make in your entire life. Some people, the question is, how can I make this better? And other people are always trying to fix things and trying to do that kind of stuff. Because other people, their primary question is what's wrong with me? And their whole life is like, what's wrong with me, what's wrong with me? Other people, it could be, how can I, I don't know, everyone's got a primary question, right? And in this process, as you sit down and think about, what is your primary question? Because after you're aware of it, then you can affect it. Before, most of us aren't even aware it's happening, but as soon as you're aware of what that is, then you can change it and you can change your destiny, right? Which is really interesting. So I want you guys to think about on your own, what is your primary question? What's that one question that drives all of your behavior in your life? Because we all have one. You gotta look for it, but you'll find it. And so I start thinking about that, like for my customers, like what are my customers' primary questions? Like what's the thing that all of them are asking? There's not that many questions in the world. There gotta be similar type questions. And so when we had our call center, we had, at our peak, we had about 60 sales guys that were on the phones all day long. And I had the fun experience often to have to do compliance checks because the problem with sales guys is they promised everything. So we had to record every phone call we ever did ever. And we had to do spot checks where I would just listen in on calls to make sure they're not over promising, which they always were. And what was frustrating, like I'd come down in a meeting and I would yell at them like, stop selling, you can't say this, this, this, or this. Like okay, okay. And then I do spot checks like an hour later and they're doing it again. I'm like, are you freaking kidding me? Anyway, just, this is why I've automated webinars not sales people because... You guys taught my guys that. Anyway. So I started listening to these spot checks and within about two or three hours, I realized really quick what my audience's primary question is. It's fascinating to me. Almost every single person without a doubt would ask some variation of this. If this thing works so good, how about you just give it to me for free and then I'll pay you from the profits. And I was like, that's everyone's, that's all of them are thinking, every single one I'm thinking that. And so I was sitting there thinking and thinking and before I wrote the dot com secrets excels letter, which again has made us millions of dollars in the last two years, I was like, that's my hook. That's the whole, that's the pitch. That's the primary question. That's what they all have. And so I wanna read you just the intro of that letter because this is how I really addressed that. And I can't tell you how many people bought it and then they'd call our officers, see us at events or whatever and they're just like, that thing spoke to me. That was talking to exactly, like that was my language. Okay, so it says this. I've got a quick question for you. Have you ever wanted to work from home or own your own business? Come on, you know that lifestyle, the one, you know that lifestyle, the one that everyone talks about where you can work from home in your underwear or on your beach from the laptop. So why hasn't happened for you yet? Come on, admit it. This isn't the first time you've been looking for a proven way to make money, is it? When's it gonna be your turn? My guess is this, you saw somebody online promising you riches untold, but there was a catch. Doesn't seem like there's always a catch. You have to pay hundreds or thousands of dollars to get started, right, before you make any money. Don't they know that's why you're there because you need money? Doesn't seem like that if all those gurus, courses and software work so good and they really believe in them, why don't they just give you their money-making system and then after you made your money, then they'd get paid. Boom, okay, my market, here's that. They are ripping their credit cards out to give me money. It's fascinating. So my... They agree with you, they're like, yeah, they look, yeah. They're all like, yeah, yeah, and they're all pissed. And they're like, yeah, like why? And that's the question. So we hit the primary question, right? And so then my whole concept is we're selling a trial-based thing at it, okay? Well hey, this is the deal. I know my system works so good. You pay a dollar, I mean, get that dollar to charity, but it's a dollar to make sure you're serious. We'll let you in the door, I'll give you full 30 days for coaching. You have 30 days to learn all my stuff, still all walking through a process, make a tiny money with it. After you make money, 30 days later, we'll bill you. And if you don't make any money, just email me, we won't bill you because I'm not gonna bill you. But if you do, don't do anything, we'll bill you, okay? Boom, works like crazy. That's why I love the invisible funnel thing because this is the same pitch, okay? I might be jumping ahead here, but it makes sense right now. So if you look at like... We had, and the way you do like the emails every day after they're in there, like teach them stuff, they have to consume that content. Yeah, we give them a daily video every day for 30 days. We're like, hey, go watch this, this is the next part, the next part. And it keeps them accountable. Do you know what their engagement is on those daily videos? I probably could look at it, I don't know. But generally? I have no idea. Yeah, oh yeah, people watch them. Yeah, we have really good consumption on it. Because we also like, most people, they go through our stuff, usually before day 14, they'll make their first dollar. And so we have posts on Facebook. So we have like thousands of people that are like, I made my first dollar, day seven, yay. And so we got tons of those. Yeah, it's really fun. So first thing is the primary question. And then from there, we're trying to cause an epiphany and then a magic bolt. So I wanna share really quick, the epiphany, and again, Dagen will do a better job at teaching epiphany, but I just wanna share with the sales videos we've done. I'm gonna talk about the epiphany and then the magic bolt. Cause those are the two things that I really focus on. So the epiphany for dotcomsecretsex, after I go through it, I'm like, the epiphany you need to have is you need a list. And I don't just say that, I don't say you need a list. Cause everyone hears that. This comes back to the whole inception thing. I never say you need a list. All I say, I talk about my list. I talk about, check this out, like, when I first got started, this was what happened, I started building a list. I found out we were making $1 per month for having it on our list. And then my list was 100 people, I was making $100 a month, 1000 people, it's 1000 bucks a month. I started telling the story about how it all worked. And I'm like showing these checks I made and just kind of show the whole process. I tell that story. And I never tell them they need a list. But by the time I'm done with that, they're like, I freaking need a list bad. Like that's all they can think about, right? So that's my big epiphany I'm trying to give them just by telling the story of my story. Okay, I wanna warn you guys, the biggest problem that most copy writers, people that write copy or the doon stuff, is they're trying to give it to their person. Like, hey, you need a list, hey, you need a list. Like, as soon as you don't tell them that and you just kind of talk about it, they're gonna want it, they're gonna desire it so much more Okay, that's the whole inception thing we're talking about. So that was the epiphany of the magic bolt for Dotcom Secrets is you pay after you get paid. You don't pay me stuff after you get paid. We did a partnership with Howie Berg, the world's fastest reader. And you guys seen him before? You guys never seen Howie Berg before? Dude, this is like the most fascinating experience in the world. Go to YouTube and type in Howard Berg, world's fastest reader and Fox News. He read the entire healthcare bill live on Fox News in 50 minutes. And then he's like page by page and then they quizzed him on it and boom, he just knew all the answers. Amazing. We found him in our office three or four times. One time we were around our office and we brought in a local author, gave him the book, he read her entire book in like, I don't know, five or six minutes and then she quizzed him on it, he knew every single answer. Fascinating, like the coolest thing in the world. And so I had to take our entire company through his process and in four hours, everyone at least doubled the readings. Most people was like 10 to 20 times faster in four hours. It's an amazing process. And so I wanted to do an invisible funnel with him because the primary question, I mean the primary question of 50 Magic Bolt was really easy with that because the whole thing is like, like why do you want to read faster? Okay, and our market's a couple of people. Business owners, like you got all this stuff, information overload, but if you could read faster, you could get through it. We had students as a target market, we've got, we have a couple of markets like that we're going after. And our big Magic Bolt with him was basically this. Look, I'm gonna teach you how to double your reading. Your reading is gonna take four hours and it's gonna cost you 100 bucks. But we're not gonna charge that 100 bucks till after you're done. So come on the webinar, we'll double your reading, you do a speed test at the beginning, you do it at the end, if we haven't doubled your reading, let us know we won't bill you. If we did double your reading, don't say anything, we'll bill you at 97 bucks. And Howard, he's been on infomercials, he's done tons of stuff and he said that of all the funnels that he's ever seen in his life, this one was the most efficient, made the most amount of money. So again, it was just an invisible funnel. But again, the whole offer, the whole Magic Bolt is just double your reading after you're doing it. For living on a coupon, a coupon company, again it was, we're gonna teach you the stuff, you're gonna go do your shopping trip, we're gonna save you 100 bucks, then after that we're gonna bill you the money. If you go shopping, you don't save you 100 bucks, we're not gonna bill you at 20 bucks. Okay, with our dating when we're doing, the whole thing is like, this weekend, you were gonna get a girlfriend. So you watch the webinar on Thursday, Friday, Saturday, you go out, you get your girlfriend and Monday we're gonna bill you. If you don't get a girlfriend over the weekend, email us and we're not gonna bill you. Okay, and that's the whole offer, you guys see that? So this. Do you guys all hear that? Do you guys all hear that? Said we'll mail you a dog, anyway. Okay, so, oh dear me, back to, okay, I don't even know where we're at. So my point is when I'm developing an invisible funnel, that's my big thing I'm looking at, it's like what's my magic bowl? What can I provide for them in a day or two after they experience this event that I can bill them for afterwards? So go get a girlfriend this weekend, you don't pick one up, you don't bill us. Save money or grocery trip, we're not gonna bill you. Like that whole process, when you get, and that's your value proposition, it comes back just like the dot com secrets X one where I'm gonna make you a bunch of money and you only get paid afterwards, okay? Any questions about that at all? Cool, cool, cool, okay. All right, next thing, this is kinda cool too. So this is another Tony Robbins concept, I'm a big Tony fan as you guys can tell. So when I went to Tony's first event the first time, he talked about a concept called the six human needs. Who here's never heard about that before? The six human needs, who's never heard about that before? Okay, this is really interesting. So he talked about everyone does things for different reasons, okay? But there's only six reasons why anybody does anything, okay? All of us, there's six needs that we all have internally and anything we do is based off one of these six needs, okay? And so if you look at them, the first need is certainty. That's spelled right, okay? We like to fill certain in things, that's why we like having a house and that's why we like having a spouse or a girlfriend. We like feeling certain about ourselves, right? Now what's interesting is that the next human need is the exact opposite of certainty, okay? It's uncertainty, number two is uncertainty. Uncertainty or variety, okay? We like to go out there and have fun, right? So as humans we're kinda screwed up, like we like certainty, we need that as a thing, we all need to be certain, we like to have that certainty. We also like to have variety and fun and excitement. So we want both of these things, isn't that weird? Now the third human need is interesting because it's significance. We all like to feel special, right? And significance is you stand up on a pedestal saying look how significant I am. We all like to feel significant, right? Who here likes feeling significant? Okay? As a bunch of entrepreneurs in this room, I know that most of us do what we do because we wanna feel significant, okay? So don't lie to me, I know why you guys are all here, okay? We like to feel good about ourselves. But the interesting thing is that the fourth human need is the opposite of that, okay? Significance, look how great I am. The fourth human need is love and connection. Not so much how great I am, but I need all of you guys here, okay? So this is love and connection, number four. And connection. Okay, now these, the first four needs are the needs of the body, and then the last two are the needs of the spirit. The last two needs of spirit, which number five is growth. We all like to grow. And number six, we all like to contribute. Growth and contribution, okay? Now what's interesting about this concept when he explained it to me, that really got me fired up, was if you look at this, the spiritual needs, a lot of people can go without life without having those. Like, you don't always have to have those. But these needs are always gonna be met, okay? The reason why, if you look at a marriage, the reason why, let me step back actually, you look at like dating, when you first meet someone the very first time, right? You meet a pretty girl and you see her, you ask her out on a date, and you go on your first date, and it's new and it's exciting, and you have all this variety and this uncertainty, right? It's exciting, okay? And then she's flirting with you, she's asking you questions and you're feeling very significant about yourself, and then she gives you a kiss then at night, and you feel some love and connection, okay? Now what's interesting is when anybody meets three of these four needs, it causes an addiction, okay? Which is why we all get addicted to falling in love, because three of our needs are met instantly, okay? Is that cool? Okay, you think about other things in life. Let's say, let's say it's parting with your friends, right? So you go out every night, you party, having fun, boom, you get an uncertainty. Hang out with your friends, having fun, you feel significant, you feel like you're cool, you got buddies, you're all hanging out, you're drinking, whatever, you get a significant, boom, it causes an addiction, okay? So anytime three of your four needs are met, it causes an addiction. Now back to the marriage example, it's interesting, so you go through this process, you're in love and everything's fine, but you start craving certainty, right? So that's why you say, hey, let's settle down, let's get married, boom, so you'll get married. Suddenly you get certainty, you got significance, and you get love and connection, okay? But all of a sudden now, you're married, you don't go on dates that often, so you kind of start losing some of the variety, right? But you have these other things, but then your wife, like, at first, she thinks you walk on water, right? You're the greatest thing in the world. But after a year, two years, three years, Dagan's gonna find out that eventually, his wife's gonna be like, it's just Dagan, like, I see him all the time. And suddenly you start losing significance, and all of a sudden that addiction's gone, right? That's what happens to marriages, and so what happens is this is why 50% of the society are more divorced, because you lose your significance, you lose uncertainty, and all of a sudden your body starts craving, you need to find it in other places, because we're gonna meet all these needs no matter what. And so if you're not meeting them at home, you're gonna look for other places, okay? Some of us look at our jobs, like, we're not feeling significant at home, so boom, we go and we find significance at our job. We find level connection at our job, we find certainty of variety. Like, a lot of us, we get addictions from our business, right? Who's business here fulfills all four of these needs for them? Okay, I know it does for me. It fulfills it all the time. And it's very interesting, okay? And so when I started learning about this, first I looked at my personal life, which was really kind of fun to do, and look at all our areas in my life. And I started looking at my kids, like, if you look at your kids, and this is, my kids are younger now, but they're getting older, what's interesting is you look at this, as they start doing things like, growing up, like if your kids, one thing Tony said that was interesting, he said that there's never been a marriage where all of these needs are being met that ends in a divorce. If all these needs are being met, you're not looking for anywhere else. Sending with kids, if your kids, if these needs are happening at home with your kids, they're not gonna go after drugs and all these other things, because they go after drugs, they need some variety, they need some significance, they need things they aren't getting. So if these things are being met in the people in your life, it keeps them around, it's really kind of interesting concept. So I started thinking about this from a sales standpoint, like, why do our customers buy stuff from us over and over and over again? Jim Lillig used to work for me for about a year, and Jim called all of our customers, Sibs, serial information buyers. He's like, they just like to buy and buy and buy, there's this addiction that happens, right? And so if I can cause an addiction with my audience through the copy, all the things we're doing, it starts creating and causing some really cool stuff. And so I write my copy and I do my webinars and things like that, I try to figure out, how can I create these things, and what I'm doing to give them, to create an addiction with me? I want my customers addicted to me, does that make sense? Okay, so look at like, how can I make these guys feel certain in my copy? Well, certain, like, if you bring it to a place where you're sharing things that they believe in already, whether they have certain, or you're bringing in messages that they're like, yeah, this makes sense, this fits with my core values, it's good. Okay, uncertainty is good as well, that's why these pattern interrupts, like switching to invisible funnels and doing things that are different is exciting, because people don't want to see the same, video sales letter every day, another video sales letter, another video, like, they want that variety, they want this excitement and this engagement, so you create some uncertainty and some variety, they get excited to buy that. Okay, significance, how do you make your audience feel significant? Okay, a lot of things you can do to make them feel very significant, and same with love and connection. And so if you can weave these things into your messaging, you can cause addictions with your audience, and it's really kind of a cool thing. Does that make sense? Cool, cool, cool. Okay, so causing addiction, all right. Got a couple more cool points here. All right, moving to the next thing. Any questions about that before I move on? Nope, I was just gonna say that's super valuable, like I've learned that, and I'm telling you, that like putting it in this context and giving more conscious recognition to okay, my copy or when I'm making videos of this concept or teaching the people or training, it's like for me what I do, it's all about meeting all those needs, or whether it's speaking or training or building people's life, things that I do, match all of them, like all of them. I love it regardless of money or how much it comes to go, like matching all those needs. So now they're like, put it okay, how can I create that for them, and cause that addiction as well. It's really, really great. Yeah, awesome, thank you. What is the name of the video you talked about when you helped with the project? affiliatebootcamp.com. Yeah. Okay, next one. All right, so this is cool. So we launched our dot com secrets local automated webinar like two and a half years ago, I think, and I spent like six months building this thing. I'm making this perfect as I possibly could. Use every, I went to Dustin Day, went learn from them, I learned from like everybody, and she's like script the most perfect presentation cause I wanted it, I once wanted to make sure it was gonna make me a lot of money. So I spent a lot of time, we launched and went out there, and the initial, we launched through Clickbank, and our initial like profit for every person that registered for the webinar, we were making $9.45. So not too bad. And that was after paying affiliates and that kind of stuff. That was like our Clickbank check back was 9.46 per registration, which was awesome. And then a little while later, I was at an event, it was actually when Dustin Day was event, and I got up to do something, and I was speaking, and I did my little dog and pony show, and I sold some stuff, and I find it pretty good. And then in the audience was, there was this little old guy sitting in the back, and he's kind of like sitting there like this. And those kind of people always make you nervous, and you're like, why is he staring at me like that? Like, what's going on? And he looked at me like he wanted to talk to me. So I did my thing, you know, people around the back and sold some stuff. And then he kind of walked over to me and said, hey Russell, do you know who I am? I was like, you look familiar, but I don't really know who you are. He said, my name's Ted Thomas, and I would like to take you to lunch today. And I had heard Ted Thomas' name before. And the reason why I'd heard of him, the very first Glaser Kennedy event I actually ever went to, there were like these people talking like, hey, Ted Thomas is gonna speak now. You guys, and they said, they called him the Pied Piper of speaking. And I was like, all right. So I heard these rumors about him and stuff. And anyway, later he actually sent me a video of him at a Robert Kiyosaki event with like 1,000 people in the room, and it showed him walking down the aisles with about 250 people following him to the back of the room, with all of their credit cards in hand. And I was like, dude, that's awesome. So this is my thing. As soon as he said his name, I'm like, okay, I know who you are. You just watched me close, and they won't take me to lunch. This is really, really awkward. How am I gonna deal with this, right? So go to lunch, and he starts asking these little questions, and just asking, it's kind of like small talk, and I'm just answering stuff, and then he stops, and he's like, do you know what I've been doing to you for the last five minutes? I'm like, no, what? He's like, look at your head, and I'm like, what? He's like, your head's still moving. I'm like, wait, what? And he's like, I wanna teach you, he's like, you did pretty good in the room. You still like a, I don't know how much we made, 50, 60 grand. He's like, if I would have spoke to that same room, I would have closed almost everyone. He's like, there's one difference in how I speak and how you speak, and it's two words, it's called trial closes. And I'm like, okay, I've heard of trial closes before, and I thought I understood what they were, and obviously I didn't. So we sat down, and he started teaching me about trial closes, how they work. He said, Russell, if you ever watched me speak in a room, he said, I come in, and I start using the same trial closes I just used at you, and we started sat down to eat. He said, I just asked a little question. Does that make sense? Just asked a little things, and just little questions here and there. Because within about a minute to a minute and a half of me speaking, he's like, if you're in the back of the room and you watch the audience, he's like, everyone's heads are going like this. And they do this the entire 90 minutes. They're shaking up now like this, and when I go to buy, they've been saying yes to me for 90 minutes. It's not hard for them to say yes right now. Instead, I do it by adding these little trial closes in all the time. And he said, the way I did initially, because I was really nervous, is I got a stack of note cards, and I went down to all these trial closes, I threw them on the ground when I would speak, and I would speak, every time I'd step on one, I would look down, and I would say that trial close. And I would step on the next one, I'd say that trial close. So I started saying them all the time. And he's like, you should just try it out next time you speak. And so I was like, that's pretty cool. So anyway, I jump on the plane, flying back to Boise, and I pull out a pad of paper, and I start thinking of as many trial closes I can think of. And basically, trial closes is just a question where you're asking somebody anything to get them to say yes. Questions you know, the answer is always going to be yes. So I started listening to as many as I could think, and then I went back to my webinar, and I listened to my, I think it was like three hour long automated webinar, and I listened to it. The whole thing I thought, I could put a trial close right there, I could put them right there, I could put them right there. And so I went through, and I actually have it right here. So it's like five pages of every trial close that I put into my presentation with the minute and what the trial close was. And I sat down, I recorded myself just saying, boom, boom, each of these lines. I gave it to my brother, he took my automated webinar, he plugged him in, he's my audio video guy, plugged him all in, the whole thing, re-uploaded the webinar, started driving some more traffic, and our, let me see if I can find the numbers real quick. Our net dollar per lead went from $9.45 to $16.50 by adding in trial closes. That was a 74.61% increase in closing just by adding in these words into my presentation. Is that cool? Is that a trial close that I choose on you guys? Is that cool? Okay, so here's, I'm gonna read some of these so you guys can kind of start hearing these over and over and over again. So minute 105 of my presentation, it says, that's why I'm so excited for this webinar. You guys excited for this too? Are you ready for the same thing to change, the same change that's about to happen to you? Boom, there's two yeses I got. Okay, 21 seconds later I said, this webinar's gonna make more success stories than anything we've ever done before, and I inserted a testimonial. And then one thing that Ted taught me that was really cool, he said, anytime you have a testimonial, he said that's the most fertile ground for you to launch trial closes. He says most people will show testimonial and then move on. He says, you show that testimonial and you stop and you drop like 20 trial closes in a row. Is that awesome? You guys imagine being like what she just did? Like what would that do for your life? How cool would that be if you had this exact same experience? It's making sense to you guys, awesome, move on. Okay, but I just dropped like five right there in a row. So every time I had any testimonial, I dropped four or five real quick, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom in a row. Okay, next one, I talk about free software and said who here wants to get a free copy of the software? I was adding a question. Can you see how the software's gonna shortcut your success? Do you want a free copy of it? Does that sound good? That sounds good a lot. Cool, I use cool a lot. Is that cool? That cool you guys? That cool? Okay. Are you ready for this opportunity? Do you want to be our next success story? How are you gonna feel when you start doing deals like this? Anyway, there's just tons of these. There's one that's really kind of funny. I wanted, this one's like my blatant joke that actually really worked well. Okay, so I'm on a webinar, an automated webinar. So I said, if you want to see results right now, then nod your head, yes. I know I can't see you, but it's important. I want to make sure you're participating. Don't you think? Do you guys think it's important? So nod your head, yes, nod right now. So I actually told them to nod their head. Anyway, so I just went through it. I just inserted all these little tiny trial closes like that just throughout the entire process. And like I said, we had a 74% increase in closing rate from these little trial closes. Okay, this is all inception stuff. You get them saying yes ahead of time, you guys. It works awesome. Yeah, so I actually started going back and using all my video cells and I went back and I started adding them all in. If you guys look at how, if you look at, you know, I speak now, I just like, it's part of my language patterns now. I'm always saying it. All my sales videos have it. Everything I do now, I do in trial closes. But I just want to recommend you guys trial closes like, I heard about them before in the past and I thought they were like a way to test if the audience was actually gonna buy us how I always heard about it. But it's not, it's just getting them and they're starting to nod their head. And the more you can do that, the better. You can't overdo trial closes. And again, the best times to do trial closes are like after testimonial. If you are gonna talk about features and benefits, it's also a great time. Like, you just imagine how that would help you, like that feature, that benefit, isn't it awesome? Like, those are great times to do it. It's all part of the inception you guys. You're nodding, it's so much easier to close the cell. It's a finer point of triples. It's not just getting them to say yes to anything. I mean, it's more powerful when you can get them to agree to a premise that sort of modestly convinces them. Yeah. It's like, if this didn't cost anything, would you do it? Yes. Okay, if you could afford it, could you do it? Yes. And then show them how they can afford it. Just make you afford it, yes. And now. We even all together that. Awesome. What did you actually have at Tony's? Both, I had everything. I had everything. Yeah. Yeah. If you look at any of my cells videos now, I'm all, like, every, probably, fifth or sixth words. Like, does that make sense? Is that cool? How much longer did it get when you added them all in? It's not that much, like, actual verbal time. It's probably like, actually, like, seven minutes maybe. Really? Because it's all this little, like, one line, like, is that cool? Does that make sense? You guys doing it with me? All right, so, yeah. We all got homework. You all got homework. Back to your videos. Okay, cool. All right, a couple more points here. So, the next thing we're doing after trial closes, so, with my kids, we had this really fun thing where, like, they saw some cartoon, like, Bugs Bunny, where they got hypnotized. And so, we started, like, they always want to be hypnotized now. So, we, like, fake hypnotize our kids and tell them to do stuff and they, like, wander around. It's really funny, right? And so, kids are so awesome. And so, anyway, I started thinking about, like, hypnosis stuff. And I know we got a couple hypnotists in the room, which is cool, because they'll back this stuff up after I tease them about it a little bit. But it's one of those things that, like, you kind of joke about, right? And when I was, when I first got in this business, I went to an Armand Moran seminar and he had hypnotists come on. So, I went on stage and he turned me into a robot and a bunch of other funny things. And so, that was my experience with hypnosis, right? And anyway, then when Mark Joyner was one of my very first mentors, and I noticed the way he would write his copy, he would do all that, he would use hypnosis in it. It was really interesting. He would, like, he'd intro his letter, and then before he transitioned to, like, what he was doing, he would do, like, basic hypnosis stuff. He was like, okay, now, before we go on, I want you to understand that as I start talking to you and the words I will share with you, the concerns you have and the frustrations you have with other gurus are gonna fade away and you're just gonna be folks on my voice, we're gonna be able to spend a lot of time together. And the next 90 minutes is gonna go extremely fast. You're gonna feel like it's five or six minutes, whereas the reality is 90 minutes, but it's gonna go so fast, you're gonna be so excited and so engaged and so ready to go. And then he moves into the thing. And I was just like, I started seeing him doing some copy and stuff. So anyway, we've been weaving in these hypnosis things into our copy and it's just been really fun. Again, initially it was kind of like a joke, but now it's like the results, the impact they're having, it really actually affects you, especially in sales videos, because you can, you say it differently than you read it. You know what I mean? And it works really well. So a couple of things about hypnosis. So one thing you do with hypnosis is cool is you can cause amnesia, okay? Which means you can get people to forget stuff. So if you want people to forget about the other people in your market or people that they've jaded in the past or something like that, you can tell them that. Say look, you know, over the next 10 minutes of this video, you know, you may have been jaded in the past, but you're gonna forget about those people as we move on. You're gonna be able to focus directly on what I'm gonna be sharing with you right now. So you can get them to forget things. They're gonna stick in the way of them purchasing, okay? I know maybe in the past you've been burned by other gurus or maybe you try to buy products that are too expensive, didn't work. You can forget about it right now because right now we're gonna be focusing on something that actually does work, okay? And you're just kinda hypnotizing them to forget the stuff you want them to. Next thing is you can tell them what to remember, which is kinda cool. So you can come in and basically say, look, when this sales video's over, for the next hour after it's over, the only thing you're gonna be able to focus on, think about is this message. And you're gonna know that something you need to be part of because blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, okay? So you can tell them what's gonna be happening to them afterwards and it's just a subconscious little thing. Next thing is disassociation. So I can't remember one of the influence books, I can't remember if it was Chaudini's or one of the other ones, but he was talking about one of the most powerful ways that you can sell somebody is by changing their environment. That's why we bring people to a big seminar hotel room, we speak to them because when they're out of their environment, it's way easier to sell to them, right? You guys all agree with that? Same thing, reason why, try all clothes. Same thing with phone sales. Behind a computer I can sell something from like a dollar up to maybe $1,000 pretty easily. After you get above there, the price resistance is hard because people are in their little, they're in their environment and they got their computer there and they're feeling good, but as soon as you can break them out of that pattern and bring them into a different environment, you can sell stuff way higher. That's why call centers work so good because you're breaking them out of that pattern. That's why Invisible Funnels work is you're taking them out of their comfort zone. And when you change the environment and you start controlling the environment, you can do all sorts of cool stuff. And so one thing you can do through the diagnosis stuff, the same thing like if you're in a video or whatever, is you can use that, obviously you're not changing the environment, but you can kind of use hypnosis to change the environment if that makes sense. You can disassociate them with where they're at. So a lot of people do it with the webinars and I think you do it ineffectively, but they always say like, you should shut down your chat windows, close Skype, close your email, and just focus on my webinar. You guys, most people have done that on their webinars, right? You can do the same kind of thing, but change it where it's more hypnotic, where you're like, hey, as we move on, these other distractions are gonna be there, I want you to focus on this, have these things fade away in the background and the only message you're gonna be focused on is this because it's the most important thing for you right now. So I'm just associating them with the environment they're in and focusing them on the environment we want. Does that make sense? Dissociation, time distrotation, I talked about that already, where basically in your next 60 minutes, is gonna be the most exciting time for you, so you can go very, very quickly, very, very rapidly. You're gonna manipulate time for them. Couple other things, after you've got their trust, there's some really cool statements you can use. The first one I actually learned from Dustin and Dave, who's here, who's here who's been to their power day? Couple of you guys been to their power day. One of the most valuable things I got from their power day, is the awesome shit of calm. How come you didn't come here? I was away from the letter. Oh really? Women, it's because she wants certainty and she does not want him out in any way. So all this did for you. If all this did, yeah, so this is awesome. So this first one, this is one of the most powerful things for me. So when they do their presentation, they're doing all this build it, build it, build it, and they drop the price, right? Say it's 15 grand, they drop the high value. And for most of us, at least me, like I would always get nervous, like here's 15 grand, I'm like, oh don't worry, I'm not gonna sell that much. I start back pedaling really, really quick. What they taught me is at this point right here, you have to justify that value. If you don't justify that value, then it loses everything. So they come up, they get this point right here and they stop and then they drop between three and five, they call them if all statements. So if all this did for you, was help you to finally be able to fire your job, it would be worth 15 grand, like yeah. Cool, well if all this did for you was help you to be able to call back your relatives who've been making fun of you for the last three years for buying all the internet marketing crap, and finally give the ability to call them back and make fun of them would be worth 15 grand. People are like yeah, okay. I give them three or four if all statements like that, and as soon as I've done that, now they basically, yeah, that would be worth 15 grand, and now I can start my price drop. At that point though, they've set the value for themselves. Those if all statements are powerful. If you do not set the value of that through if all statements, it just flattens the value of what you're proposing. Next ones are must do statements. After you get after you got their trust, now you can start shifting from to telling them what to do. So next thing you must do is you must click on the link down below. You don't be shy about it and like oh, if you want a product click on the add a cart button. No, at this point you've gotten their trust through your story, now you start telling them what to do. You must do this, now you must go click on this button. After you click on this button, the next thing you're gonna do is you're gonna fill out this form, the next thing you're gonna do, you start just telling them what you're gonna do. That make sense? Okay, because at that point you've got the trust and you're in the authority standpoint and they will listen to you as you start doing the must do commands and also the can do's. Initially in the earlier part of our copy, a lot of stuff is like can you imagine what this would be like? Okay, we're asking or telling them like yeah, you should imagine towards the end of it, we shift to now you can imagine what it's gonna be like. Just say to me, can you imagine? That's before we have trust, after we have trust, I want you to imagine this, imagine. So we're starting to tell them what to imagine. We're telling them what they can do. So again, after the trust is set, you start your must do's and your can do statements. And that's the hypnosis tricks we use in our copies. That pretty cool you guys? So we read those things throughout and it works really well. Where'd you pull those from? I got a really cool book, it's actually in my room, I can grab it for you. It's a really cool hypnosis sales book. I don't know who wrote it, but it's awesome. That's a cool book. Do not know. I'll go grab it during the break and bring it down and you guys can see what it is. But it's awesome. That's where I got all the hypnosis things I found out that we've weaved is off in that book. It's really cool. My language got this book started, but I don't know if it's the last book we're leaving. I'll bring it down and show you guys, it's cool. Okay, two more things. The next one, this one I was watching a presentation from Chris Haddad at, I think he was speaking at one of those Mind Valley events, I think. Anyway, I was listening to his presentation, it was good, but at the very end of the presentation he dropped this bomb that has made me so much money I just wanted to share with you. He said that, we're always talking about how do we cause desire for our audience? And what he said, he said that when he writes copy the desire amplifiers he uses, he's like, there's seven desire amplifiers I use. He said, you know what they are? He said, they're the seven deadly sins. So if you think about it, the seven deadly sins are the desires that everybody has. The desire for lust, gluttony, greed, sloth, wrath, envy, and pride. He said, when he starts trying to do desire amplifiers, it's the seven deadly sins he's touching. That interesting? And that's what he does. So when you're writing your copy, you're starting to try to cause desire. How can you cause desire by making them lust after what you have? How do you cause desire through gluttony, through greed, through sloth? Greed, I want money, sloth, I want to be lazy about it. These are all the awful stuff Dagan's talking about, right? Wrath, I'm sick of my boss, I want him to die. Envy, I mean they want people to envy them and they envy other people like, and pride. They all want to be proud. So anyway, seven deadly sins are interesting ways to cause desires as you're trying to do desire motivation stuff. How do you use that to be part of it? What's that? My porn product? Lust, lust is a sin, I'm trying to get rid of, But they're lust after not doing it anymore? Yeah, I think most people, because lust is a desire, right? They're lusting after the women, obviously, or the men, whatever they're in. But they're lusting to get out of that. Probably that market's gonna have more of a connection to a religious act, because if they're feeling guilt, that's also because they have a belief system that's tied to religious movement, tied to that stuff, you know what I'm saying? Like me, I would like, that would like, pull in. If someone has that, be awesome anchors to use this. I have a remit of porn addiction and he's been working on it for a while. Like he can't have a sexual relationship because of porn. So lust still comes in, I mean this is, getting a little porn, but allowed, and actually being with the woman. That's a really different one. It's a real thing. Most marriages, did you guys know like, the stats are scary, like most marriages are to break up or because of porn. Like it's interesting, anyway, it's an epidemic. I'll sell you my product if you want, just let me know. Okay. All right, okay I got three more things, or one more core concept that I'm done. There's basically, and I learned this originally from Ryan Dice, there's three closes at the end of anything. Your wealth imagery close, you're focusing on their desire. Second, so your desire close, your logic close, and your fear close. Because obviously the desire's what they buy off of, right? So 90% of my sales copy is desire. Then we always have to justify it logically, and then usually fear, which is a scarcity. So logically, and this works really well in like, well it works in most of our markets. This is a hard thing to teach, and it's a hard concept to understand, but if you get it, it works so good. So what I try to do, I call it my math close, because I don't have a cool name for it yet. I'll call it the invisible close or something, I don't know, but what I try to do is, for example, we sold these like membership sites in a box, so somebody could buy it for me, and then they'd get a membership site that could go and resell. And so what I try to do is my first key, because I'm looking at away from pain, towards pleasure type thing, right? So the way I start this close is basically saying, look, I'm gonna show you guys how I make decisions in my life right now. This thing I'm giving you can cause residual income. If you sell one, let's say it's $20 a month, if you sell 10 of them, that's $200 a month, you sell 100 of them, that's $1,000 a month, right? Whatever, $2,000 a month. And so I start coming back and saying, look now, for me, this is how I make my decisions in life. Like when I wanted a new car, I went to the dealership, and the dealership told me it was 600 bucks a month for a car, so I'm back home, I did the math, I said, okay, 600 bucks, that means I need 30 members in my membership site, went and sold 30 members, got the money, and bought the car. So I start showing them how they can use this thing as a tool, does that make sense? And then I start diving into them and saying, now look, most of you guys, your goal's not to go buy a brand new Ferrari, right? Most of you guys have probably got these bills that are bugging you, right? And so I said, for example, you probably got a car payment that's maybe 200 bucks a month, 300 bucks a month, you probably got student loans, you still have paying off, you probably got a house. So what we wanna do is I wanna focus on the very first one. So let's say your student loans are 200 bucks a month. So what you gotta do is you gotta sell 10 members to our membership site, and boom, your student loans are gone forever. Can you imagine that? Just 10 members, you never had to pay student loans again. Okay, now that bill's gone. Now you pick your next one, your next one's your car payment, that's 300 bucks a month, you sell 15 members of that, and boom, all of a sudden your bills are gone forever. Okay, and so I go through and really quickly I show them that by selling 10 or 15 memberships, everyone, their bills disappear, and suddenly now, now they can get out of the way from paying, now I said, now you're that point, now we can start focusing on the pleasurable things, like what do you want in life? And we start shifting them over to that, does that make sense? And so, it's hard to explain it in a way, but that's how I do my math clothes, and it works so effectively. I always try to look at like, like how can I show them, first off, how I would use this, and then how they can use it to get them out of pain, and then how to use that to get them towards pleasure. Okay, and it works really good in how to make money market. We've done similar things in other markets, it's not quite as like, cut and dry, it's a lot harder to kind of weave that in, but you can do it, but that's just something to kind of think about when you're doing clothes, is your logic clothes is by doing it through that kind of a storytelling process of, here's how I would do it, here's how you should do it to get out of your pain, here's how to do it to move towards pleasure. When I do that whole process, it just, it works awesome. So, when you guys add those elements into your copy, to your webinars, to your speaking, to your scripts, all the communication with your audience, that's how I found you can cause inception in people's minds. Well, we're not just telling them, hey, buy my crap. You're just building this environment and doing things and using these tools, and suddenly they're like, man, I wanna buy that crap. And as soon as they've sold themselves on it, the whole process is easier. Conversion is shoot up, retention is better, everything's awesome. So, there you go. There's inception. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.