Our last session today is about video, using video to tell your stories more authentically. And honestly, this isn't something that I even have one iota of idea of how to do it right. But we've had one person, well two, three right, that have been here capturing this entire experience and asked young Jonathan wherever he is, where is he? There he is. Just blending in, this is what, you know, doesn't want to be seen, just let me capture the moment, to just come and share some of the awesome stuff that he does to really, I don't know, when you see his videos you'll see what I mean. You instantly empathize as Michael was talking about with the videos, the way that he does it. I'm excited to start to do more stuff like how you do it. I just wanted to have him come and share his perspective on telling stories using videos and some of the tricks that he uses so that it opens up a new world to you just like it is to me. Then tomorrow we'll resume our story selling and invisible funnel and we'll get all the way to the traffic part and we'll do lots of other fun stuff. Fair deal? Cool. Yes? All right, that was strong enough. All right, John, thank you both. Cool. Thanks, Dagen, thanks Russell. You guys having an incredible time? Yes. That's awesome. Well, I'm really excited about what we're about to go into. Is anyone interested in video at all? Yes. Cool. Anyone love doing video? Yes. Anyone hate doing video? Yes. I want to make sure of feelings. It feels like they produce ghetto videos. It's funny because there's all these different views on videos as to just grab out the camera and just get whatever and that's fine. Then other people saying, well, let's put some thought into this. Let's put some quality into it and make it worth watching. What I'm going to do is I'm going to share with you some really exciting things in what I've been doing with video. It's not to share with you anything significant that I've done, but to trigger a paradigm shift in you and the way that you see video and human interaction. This so accurately ties in with the whole concept of story selling and the invisible funnel, which is why Dagen just connected with what I was doing and I connected with what he was doing and I'm really glad to be supporting your vision of what you're personally doing with this whole new paradigm the way you approach it. I'm going to show you how I create a powerful story. Someone might get up and share something impacting or powerful, but then when you want to translate that and put that on video, it has the capacity to do more impacting. It has the capacity to hit more of your senses. Something that happens that you probably have watched videos and you can't describe what it is that's happening here. Why does this make me feel a certain way? I think that would seem magical, but it's these simple steps that I can teach you how to do. By the end of this session, you'll walk away going, wow, that's actually how it happens. I can make really cool videos and I can have really powerful stories. I can have really interesting images that really reflect beauty and who I am and a situation, something, and soundtracks that captivate and take people on an emotional journey. I'm going to show you how to do it so you can be making more quality stuff or you can take this information to your video guy. Anyone got a video guy they work with? Yeah? Cool. Then you can help trigger a paradigm shift in the people you're working with to get them making more impacting stuff. Probably one of the first things I should do is maybe show you something that I've been working on. Would you guys like to see some works? Cool. I'm just going to take you behind the scenes and I'm going to show you some of the people I've been working with. This is one that just comes to mind. This is a guy at Vic Streishaus. I'll show you a little bit more of that video. He was really good at capturing the heart of the story and I was really good at just connecting with him on that. We use different symbols to create bonding experiences and to increase authenticity. I'm actually not going to use these PowerPoints much at all. I'm just going to go straight into the videos. We were able to take people on this amazing journey. I'm going to show you where he was able to share his heart, but then we were able to get to what we're doing as marketers delivering value. This video was the climax in a three-part video series, like a pre-launch. It's making on average just for Vic Streishaus, personally 350,000 a month. His business went from big idea masterminds, went from about 1,800 people to 7,000 in the first three to four weeks of the launch. It keeps growing. It was interesting that big idea mastermind is connected to Empower Network. I don't know if you guys know Empower Network. I started doing some work for them at the start of the year around January. They were about at 70,000 affiliates at that point. Now we're five months in the future. I was just doing different stuff, building relationships with the audience. I was one of the videographers that was helping to trigger and change just the way that things were happening. Just hit to the heart, create stories. Now they're sitting about, I don't want to take credit for that. I just want to say I was a part of something. They got me on their vision of what they're doing. It was really exciting. They're at 140,000 affiliates at the moment. They just keep growing. What we're seeing is that if you can hit the heart, if you can win the heart, you can win that person. That's what I want to show you how to do. Win the heart and then still keep what you're doing, that direct value that you have, delivering something that is very tangible, that has value. But do it with heart and structure that in a powerful way using the conventions of filmmaking. I'm just going to go and show you a video that I shot. It was just a year back and it was for Mark Hoverson when this loads up. This was something that was used in his sales process. He got up and did multiple six figures at that event. He showed this before. He spoke to help position him. I said to him, Mark, I think I could do the best branding video that you've got. Just give me a shot. I went out to his place and he sent it around just to show some people. They said, people are crying watching this. We really want to show it at the start of the next event with Jonathan Budd. They played that. Just have a look at how we captured this story. Have a look for the visual images that I used to represent and just the way that I was just talking to him. Trying to draw out parts of his story that were very impacting. Soundtrack, visual images and just that experience that has created him. I was taking myself to sleep passing out crying. That's what it did to me. That's what I let it happen. We would have neighbors bring us groceries. We would put the groceries on the floor and get on our knees and touch the food and thank God for the food. I was very grateful and I was very broken in that environment. Maybe that same night I buy a 12 pack of beer and drink myself to passing out on the floor crying because I'm so broken. It was a mixture of faith and desperation and all these things. There was mornings I couldn't get out of bed and my wife would just read books over me. She would just read words over me and she would tell me just to do it. But I was so broken. I wouldn't say I was suicidal but I began to Google how to beat depression right before I was on the edge of it because I felt I was right on the edge of tipping over and just losing it. It was crushing. That thing is to not be able to provide is it emasculates a person. It really does. So what do you do though? You just work your way out of it I guess. I just sweated and just didn't give up. I could have given up. I probably should have at many points. There was no reason to believe otherwise. Talked to my friend one time and he got up. I was going through counseling. I was seeing a counselor. I was so screwed up. I was so gone. He said how's your business going? I said well I'm turning the corner. After about a month he literally got up out of his desk and he said it seems like to me every week you're turning the corner and he just started walking in circles. And you see the sign was that's what your business is. It's just walking in circles. There's a verse I think it's in Malachi where it says you know if you bring the tide into my storehouse it assumes integrity and hard work and success and all that. Then I'll bring in so much blessing that I'll open the windows of heaven and bring in so much blessing you won't know where to put it. And it's this idea and I literally have visualized all this wealth coming into my account. The federal government had a limit I think it was a hundred thousand dollar limit on how much you could put in a bank account. And we maxed that freaking bank account out and I literally had to go find another bank account to put money in. I mean it was that it was the manifestation I saw these things happening. But I believed in them way before I had any real reason to. It's like I would imagine that my clients would see me at a live event and throw their hands around me and hug me and cry and tell them tell me how much they changed my life. Now every week there are clients that have tearful stories of how my story and my impact and this and that has changed their lives. I mean it's incredible. But I saw it all before there was any reason to believe it. It's happened in a bigger measure than I even imagined. But the key is you have to see this stuff and you have to believe it when no one else does. That's what you have to do. And then maybe God says OK. OK well done. It's yours. Thanks guys. I really appreciate that. It's. How much did you charge for that? TJ. I'm serious. That's a good question. I'm not I'm not telling. All right. So. No. That's funny. Well you know what. You know what. I'm telling you. You have to up to me. It's my event. You're a man. I have to come for a man. Dagon's man. Cool. Cool. No. No I'm glad you guys are excited. It's incredible like what can be done with this medium. I'm telling you like this is so untapped in our space. Like it's ridiculous. But it's amazing the way that we can get through to people's hearts. And you know I was talking to some different marketers here and I see a common link coming back to authenticity. The need for trust and the breakdown of trust in our communities. Has anyone ever been in a situation where they just you were fully deemed as being some scammer. I know that Dagon was mentioning some things like that. And and it gives you this feeling which is not nice. I'll tell you a random story. I was on a plane just it was just a few weeks ago I was flying to an event doing some video. And there was this little kid crying. This one year old baby. No two somewhere between there. But the baby was crying so loud and it went on for about three to three hours I think. And the people on the plane were hating life. And the mother was hating life the most because she was so embarrassed. And so I thought well you know I should probably go and help right. Fatal flaw. And and I looked in my bag to try and find something that I could use to entertain this kid and I pulled out some marketing things and diagrams and like I'm not going to work and pulled out my computer. And there was and I and I remembered oh I've got an idea and I've got you know photo booth does anyone ever use that. And so I'm like I could entertain this kid with photo booth and and I think that I could break the thought patterns and she would calm down. So I said hey can I help I'll just sit down and she's like hey what's going on. I'm like I was just seeing if I could help. And then I pulled out the computer and I'm like hey look at this and and so we smiled for the camera and we took the shots and you know those birds flying around our head little morphing effects where you make your face morph. And and it was cool and the mum seemed like okay or whatever. The kid just totally broke out of it. Mellowed out within about five seconds. Ten seconds maybe and then went to sleep. And I was like oh cool and I was super tight. And I was like oh yeah that I feel pretty good about myself. I'm going to fall asleep too. So I just fell asleep. I woke up. I need to get off the plane. Notice that we stayed there for an unusual amount of time. And guess who's waiting for me. The police. Just as I get off the plane. This is America. Oh man I'm from Australia. This hasn't happened to me in Australia but I'm sure that basically all around the world these things are starting to happen where there is just all this suspicion. And I and I was like what and the and the flight attendant said you know these men are just waiting for you they want to have a talk to you. And I said hi yeah and they said we'd like to talk to you. And we just interviewed some people off the plane. Apparently there's something with a photograph with a child. And I was just like oh. And then and then I was like you've got to be kidding me. And I gave my explanation. They said yeah that's totally reasonable. We understand. We just had to follow protocol. I was like that's cool but I'm not happy with that woman right now. Man I was not happy. I was like can I press charges for her just being so mean. But but but when you think about it how anecdotal is that for the kinds of people that that we constantly engage with. Like we have certain communities where there's a lot of trust but then there's the world beyond that that are longing to know what's going on in this space. Longing for the certain things that we offer but they're just unable to receive it because of a trust barrier. The best way that I've ever found to break through that is by sharing who we are in authentic meaningful ways. And that's the best way I've ever seen to cut through to those people. And that's why I see that a lot of the projects that I'm working on are bringing in people that have been prior to this you know disposed like negatively perceiving marketing in this way. So I'm going to show a few more things. I want to show you something here. I like I'm going to gauge out what kinds of things you guys want to look at because I've got a lot of different things I'd like to show. But this here is I don't know if we can get any more. You know I wish that we could get a few other things in terms of sound and that kind of thing but we'll just go with what we got. I'll turn this screen around as well if anyone wants to see the actual color of it. And this is just kind of creating atmosphere and I'm going to show you how I do it soon. This is just the sunrise I just got outside with my nephew and niece. It's still in birth again today. I'm going to go into a little bit more about how I did this launch here. So Vic he watched a lot of Frank Kern's videos and so he loved to kind of do things where he's engaging with the camera man. It worked really well. Lori if you want to dim lights thank you. And then he decided to go back on this journey where he showed where he used to live and he's introducing the people to who he is but there's all this continuity that's happening. He gets in the car explaining where he's going next, what he's about to do, engaging interest. Alright man, that's some lattes here. Ready to go to work? Yeah man. You're shooting already? Yeah. Oh they just wrote Vic. I told them this should be for Vic and they wrote Vic on here crazy. Hey everybody, it's Vic. Just got our salates. Get ready to shoot this video here for you. How you doing? Doing great. Welcome back to video number two. You're going to cut this out? I'm just going for it. Yeah I'll just go for it. Alright cool. Well guys welcome. This is our second video in the free series with Big Idea Mastermind. And you know first of all I want to thank you guys for so many comments. I mean we've got tons of comments from the first video that you hopefully watched right. Where I was in Miami and I showed you the formula for making a lot of money. But you know what a lot of people have been emailing me and just asking me questions like Vic, you make this thing look so easy. I mean do you have some magical abilities to do this kind of stuff what you're doing. And are you somebody special that was able to create this kind of lifestyle for yourself and your family in this short period of time. And people just automatically assume that to do this kind of stuff you've got to have some magical ability. And you know what the truth is I don't have any magical abilities. I'm not anybody special. I'm just like an average, I'm Jonathan I'm no different than you man. You know what I mean? Yeah. But in fact what I want to do is let's go on an eight minute let's roll something. I want to show you guys something. Okay so let's hop in the car and let's take a drive. Because I do want to show you some things that I think you will find pretty interesting. Alright go man. Hop in. So what's the video going to be about? Yeah we're going to talk about how to get money now basically anytime they want. Strategy that I personally use in my business works every single time. Never failed me yet. And I got a piece of technology I'm going to give them actually for free. It's actually worth $500. Because I'm a cool guy. Alright so the reason I wanted to get to bring you over here to this place is for two reasons right? Number one this is where everything got started for me. This is where I started out. So you never forget where you came from right? So people looking at me and they are asking Vic do you have like I said do you have some magical abilities? And these are the kind of questions I'm getting. So I wanted you to look at where I was living in 2005. That apartment right there Jonathan do you see that? It's that second floor corner balcony there. Got married when I was 20 years old. And kids right 20 years old me and my wife but you know I was working at the banking industry at the time. Earning I think I was $300 a week in paycheck. Most of that money in fact all of that money went to pay for that apartment right there and bills so I had nothing zero money left at the end of the month right? And just the thought of working for somebody for the rest of my life and earning that kind of money and having somebody to tell you you know when to take a break, when to go to lunch, when to take a vacation, how much money you can earn. All of just having that thumb press in over your head I just couldn't stand it. So I had to look around and find a solution because I did not want my family to struggle I wanted to as a man I wanted to provide the best lifestyle that they truly deserve. So that's when I discovered the internet and that's when I discovered this network marketing industry and man everything changed for me. What happened next was quite a story but it wasn't that easy so it's kind of chilly over here. I want to go back in the car and I want to tell you what made the difference for me. So my friend if you're watching this video right now and I want you to understand that no matter what your situation is it doesn't matter. Listen if I could come from being living in that apartment right there right just in 2005 just a few short years ago to now and please don't get me wrong right. I'm a humble guy I don't want to brag or boast but this thing right here right this thing right here is worth more than that entire apartment complex. So I could have never imagined having and living the kind of lifestyle that I now have right just a few short years later. Now what's the difference right what did it for me that's exactly what we're going to talk about in this video so I'm excited to share these strategies with you apply this model this I think it's going to work for you as well let's go. You know when I got started back in 2005 it was not all roses you know it wasn't as easy as everybody all these gurus you know try to make us to believe that it's you know all you need to do is just get started just get a product to promote and you'll be rich millionaire tomorrow right. It doesn't work like that you know looking back right now knowing what I now know and going through what I had to go through to get to where I'm at today and showing and teaching others how to do the same you know I can tell you some things my friend and I really want you to listen closely to this because hopefully I can save you the same you know some of the frustrations and some of the hardships that I had to go through myself. When I got started I actually had to borrow $30,000 because I did not have any money to get started. It's a pretty crazy story I couldn't you know I couldn't go to the bank to just get the money so the only option I had and thank God it worked for me was I actually went to a friend of mine who borrowed the money from his bank against his house and he loaned me $30,000 for me to get started so anyway but I blew through 20,000 of it in the first 60 days. How did I do it? Simple. I was listening to people who pretended to be successful but they weren't and so unfortunately this is what happens a lot in our community right is you know so many fake gurus are going to tell you hey come follow me right I'm going to lead you to the promised land but in reality they're broke. They don't know how to do it for themselves so how can somebody teach you how to make money if they're not doing it for themselves. Make sense? What really made a difference for me is when I found myself a true mentor somebody who was living the kind of lifestyle I wanted to live somebody who you know was making the kind of money I wanted to make for myself and I started to listen to the guy and he shared with me a concept. He taught me a strategy that absolutely revolutionized my business very very quickly. As a matter of fact in 90 days I went from zero from being in debt to earning my first $20,000 profit. That strategy I'm going to share with you in this video in this free video series and hopefully you apply this kind of stuff hopefully you model this because it changed my business it changed the business for hundreds and thousands of people who I shared it with and right now it's you know hopefully you'll go with it you're wrong with this apply this in your business and take your business to the next level. Cool cool cool let's go talk about how to get money now. So it goes into a presentation it's interesting it was like a 45 minute video and finally we ended on this point after going through the presentation and we did we kind of mimicked Apple's look here where we had a white background and then the PowerPoint slide on a slant and then finally we go to the outtakes. Has anyone ever included their outtakes in a video? Didn't want to embarrass yourself too much. So I had to do this intricate balance of laughing at Vic with Vic mixture and not to make him look stupid but to make him look like he was friendly and confident enough just to share his blemishes but like our call to action though we did have a call to action which was leave a comment and keep your eyes peeled for the next video and within about three weeks there was 4,000 comments and he had to shut it down because he couldn't regulate it. So I'm going to show you how I draw stories out of people or draw stories out of myself and I'll use this deleted scene to illustrate it so you're going to hear the questions I was asking in order to kind of prompt responses and I was just thinking at the time you know on the spot as to how I could get him to identify with the past experience so it's probably a really good point to write down so in order to create emotion if you can relive an experience rather than just saying I felt down, my life sucked, it was terrible, relive that experience and let other people form what they think of adjectives they used to describe it but just enter back into that place in your mind and in this case I was able to ask him that question so he entered back into the state and it caught him off guard which is why you'll see him get emotional because he wasn't expecting that question and he didn't go into a normal mode of communication he went into where he was seven years ago. I'm just going to ask you some random questions and some of them won't be even relevant and I'm just going to take you to an ambulance. Alright Vick, so obviously you and I were here yesterday but before then when was the last time you were here? The last time I was here was actually about seven years ago. Really? Yeah. So it was when you actually lived here? It was when I moved away from here. And you were moving your stuff? Yeah and I was moving my stuff we were moving into a brand new house. What did it feel like when you were moving your stuff? Oh man that feeling of giving your family, you know, giving my wife what she truly deserves and myself, you know that feeling was just an unbelievable man. I think you can't put it to words, you know you just have to experience it and it was awesome. Wow. And you, wow I think, so yeah all your different possessions you've taken those different things that you've carried with you and you're bringing them back in the middle of the car. Yeah, well we didn't have a lot of possessions at that time anyway. You know we had the very minimum necessary stuff like the bed and the couch and we didn't have much. Because all the money that I was making bringing in, it all went to pay the bill for the apartment and the lights and stuff like that. So we didn't have much possessions. And then like there would have been that key moment when the shift happened and you would have realized what you know or that you worked and internet marketing and what you were doing was paying off and you would have seen a change probably, I'm guessing like did you see your wife's attitude change or did you see her emotions change? Yeah man when I discovered this thing called internet marketing and when I came across and when I found a true mentor that somebody who actually showed me how this thing actually works and when I first earned my first commission, when I earned my first commissions online, I think it was my first $2,000 online, it was an unbelievable feeling and all of a sudden you know I could, it's that feeling like you know everything's going to be alright. You know that you understand and you know how to duplicate that again and you know how to do it over again. And I remember going to my wife and I said baby, life is now going to be the same again. Yeah. So now that was just a deleted scene, it actually never got used but I mean, what did you guys... It was power, yeah, I was preparing a lead. Cool, good, I'm glad you guys think like I think, that's what I said to him. But you know... Well he was just, he just kept the continuity and you know, so because I was, whenever I'm working with marketers, I'm always pushing the emotional and their keeping structure but they understand they got me there to help with the emotions. But yeah, for some reason that was a deleted scene but that was the one, was it? That connected with you the most. Because what I learned as a teacher, so I'm going to go into my story in a moment, but I became a high school teacher teaching English literature and one of the things that we learnt was that most people really have a lot of creativity inhibitors. So things that you do on a daily basis or even part of your education that made you think in a very linear pattern, for example, the game that a lot of teachers play but they don't realise they're playing which is called Guess What's in the Teacher's Head. So I'm going to ask you a question but there is only one answer and you've got to guess what I'm asking you. So for example, what's the definition of business? So you've got to get the right answer and there's only one answer to that. But then if I ask you the question, what does business mean to you? Then that's a divergent question. So there's convergent which is only one answer and divergent which is multiple answers. And that then triggers one creativity and something that's uniquely personal. So that's all I'm trying to do. There's hardly anything else I'm trying to do then find out what's uniquely personal to that person because if I've told the same story with that person, they're just basically a pawn puppeting any ideas that I want. But if I ask them something that's uniquely personal, intensely personal, then people then start to identify. So for example, Tom was one of the guys that got up and shared that the invisible funnel had worked for him so I went to interview him. How did that feel? He's like, well that felt great. It made $25,000 in an hour period. And so then I asked the next question, well how did you celebrate that success? Who did you celebrate it with? And he says, well, my children. So what did you do? And he said, well, I took them to Disneyland. There's the story. And now I get the cameras out of the kids on the ride and some happy music. And now we have the hearts before we had the minds. So that's the thing I would say, look forward to personal to that person, but that will all come through understanding what that person wants and what that person craves for and longs for. For example, I was doing something with Matt Lloyd with my online business empire and he had one of his top affiliates, Terry, and he's a pilot. And he got something like 50 sign ups, so he'd made something like 50 or 100,000. I can't remember the figures. And that's the interesting thing about it. I can't remember the figures, but I can remember this story. He said when he first, and I was probing him, like, well, you know, what does that mean to you? What is it that you long for? And I'm thinking, well, this guy is probably a guy like me. And so it's a lot more than the money. There's certain people that you want to think that that's pretty special. And so I was just trying to ask him, well, who did you show when you found out that figure? And he said, well, Ashley, I didn't just want to tell my dad over the phone. I wanted to show him. And I invited him into my office and sat down with the computer. And I said, dad, I wanted to show you this. And he said, well, son. And he says, that's what he calls me. Son. And that's amazing. And he looked at the results and he said, I always wanted them to understand that even though I was a pilot, this is what I really wanted to do. And finally he could see that I did that. And I told my sister and she said, oh, can I borrow some money now? And then he's joking about it. And so it was really cool. Like, there's a community that's friendship. But now I trust him. But before I didn't, because he just made 100,000. But now I trust him because he's a guy that feels like me. And he's a guy that longs for affirmation and respect from people that I look up to or aspire to. And then it becomes special. So I just encourage you to always look for things that are uniquely personal to that person. Things that are very personal to you sometimes can be the same for other people. There are some universal longings. There's a universal longing for affection, appreciation, intimacy. And these people are longing for that so badly. But would you say, I think everything's formulaic. But would you say that it's basically you're asking open-ended questions and allows them to pull out there the who, you know, the what, when, what was the best part for you? Sure. Okay. Well, yeah. So you ask open-ended questions. You're digging. You're digging. Because one question then, if you're thinking, you'll be like, but okay, so what does that mean to you? But then if it looks like you're trying to drum up emotion, they'll kind of go, they'll do it for you maybe, or you'll do it for yourself. But it's really just searching for a real experience. Sometimes it'll happen, sometimes it won't. And so you just, you follow the pattern. There might be a formula that you could craft out and share back with me. So my story is that, like, I started off as a, you know, leaving high school, creative, interested in art, interested in music. A lot of the soundtracks that you heard were things that I'd composed. My brother and I, we composed music together. My siblings, we started singing together and things like that. So in order to create soundscapes that I really, like, thought reflected what I think is nice and organic sounds, I started getting into the studio and making those, or paying composers to do things for me the way I liked. But now back to the story, I was searching for what I wanted to do. I was very interested in social justice issues. I became an ambassador for an organization called World Vision. So I went off to Africa and I was to see the things that happened there. And if anyone saw Dagen's competition, it was a video of me in Africa and something that happened there, which I may get the chance to show. But that organization, they got me to tell stories. They got me to come back and have a real emotional impact from what I saw then to tell people about what was happening in Africa so I could help them to understand and to contribute to these meaningful causes. And so I was working with a team of people who would raise, you know, millions of dollars each year for places like Africa or parts of Asia that were in poverty. And I was really excited about that. I did that for four years and I got into a degree, communications while I was doing that. So I was, video was a small part of what I was doing. Like, I just did a couple of subjects on it and it was journalism and these things. So I learned some skills there, but a lot of it all came from another avenue. I had a personal interest in people. I longed to understand what was going on. I had a strong sense of empathy, which is why I was interested in projects in the developing world. I wanted to help people. I felt like that was my purpose. And I remember that, you know, when I was young, I'd see the ads on television of kids in Africa and I would cry watching that thinking, you know, why do these people live like this? They're just like me, but they were born into another circumstance. I don't know if I was thinking that articulate, but I was crying just looking at it. Maybe they used manipulative tactics on me, but I asked my mom to sponsor a child and so we started doing that. But I remember that that was people and people matter. That kind of concept was there in my mind, even though, you know, selfish like everyone else and, you know, wanting to do my own thing. But it kept coming back to that thing. So I started doing lots of talking at schools and because I'd love to talk and I'd love to share stories and I'd love to help people get through issues they're facing. So I saw that depression was a big issue. So I was like, okay, well, let's see if I can, you know, help out in this area. So I'd share at schools and I'd actually start traveling around the world as an itinerant speaker. And they'd ask me to get up and present on these things or, you know, finding personal meaning and defining identity. That was something that was very interesting to me. I really wanted to help people with that. And then later I got into network marketing and it was a health product. And so then I start thinking, look at these videos. They don't make sense to people. They look really cool the way they're shot and everything. But it was like a health product and I just remember they're just, I was like all on the surface. And so somebody went through a huge change that I saw and I was like, this person has an incredible story but I haven't even heard it yet. And he gets up and says, you know, my name is something, yeah, because they're all American. I'll try my American accents. And that's not criticism. You're going to do the Southern accents. Oh yeah, I know. South. South. Well, I'll try Southern. So my name is James and I've been trying these products for some time now. And I used to be 400 pounds and now I'm 200. And I feel so great. I've never felt this way in all my life except when I was a little baby. And I was so good. And I was like, well, you know, that's not a story. There's more than that. And so I, yeah, okay, cool. Oh, maybe so another, another guy. So I'll try and speak like you guys Americans. So, so I tried these products and they, they, they made me feel so good and it was great. And every day it kept getting better and better until I felt like a million dollars. And I said to my wife, I just went south again. I just said to my wife, I just said to my wife, my wife, that things are never going to be the same, baby. You and I, we have a new life and we look good. And I was like, you know, there's a more meaningful story here. And so I got out my camera and I didn't know how to use a DSLR. My brother got one. And so I just hit record and I didn't actually know how to use the functions or anything. And I put it on these people and I found, I have some Aboriginal friends in Australia and there's a lot of health challenges there. The life expectancy is about 20 years less. Right. And ever since the settlement or what happened in the past, the diets changed. And these people used to live really long. They used to be very healthy in the records that we have, but they're just suffering. And I got some of the stories of some of the transformations that were happening and I was asking them, but what does that mean to you? You know, do you tell me the difference? Tell me your hopes for life now and tell me what you want to do now that this happened. What's your dream and all these different things. And I remember sharing something on that video. And I got all these stories and one lady got into a wedding dress and she was there with her husband and they were hugging and they were like, you know, it just felt so good. And he was like, I'm just so proud of her. It's such a wonderful thing. She was able to fit back in a wedding dress. And so it was really personal. And then I got on the end and I was like, you know, the thing is, you know, something uniquely personal about you, you're the only one of your kind. Therefore you're an endangered species. You're special and that's why life is worth fighting for or something like that. So I just said something, it was just one of my first videos, but it's something that I still believe very strongly. And the video ended and then I sent it out to the owner of the company. And it's a company that's, you know, done a billion in sales and it's starting to get towards a billion a year. And the owner of the company watched it. She said, and she emailed me back and I was like, what? And she's like, I just cried watching this film and I've sent it to all the leaders of the company. And it went viral. And I remember I was in New York and I was traveling here just with a friend. It was just about three years ago. And I got up at a convention because I knew that I were in town and there was a lady that was a former lead role from Bolden the Beautiful. And I got up and because there was a line of people to share your testimony of what this product has done for you. And it had helped me. And so I got up on stage and I said, oh, you know, these health products have really helped me. I used to feel so tired and she said, hold on a second, you're Jonathan Otto. And I said, yeah, how did you know? And so here's the Hollywood star. I'm just an Australian guy out in town at the time and I'm just getting ready to share my story. And she's like, but you're Jonathan Otto. I'm like, what do you mean? And then she said, I see your videos on YouTube and she looked at the crowd and she's like, you got to see these guys' videos on YouTube. They're so impacting. They touch my heart so much. And she's talking to the crowd and she forgot what she was doing. She's like, oh, yeah. And so, you know, yeah, you can continue your story. And it was in that moment I realized the power of video in how to, you know, take somebody that's ordinary and make them extra ordinary and take somebody that has been formally unappreciated in what they do, maybe by all the people around them, project this story in such a way that they'll be appreciated by people. And so, and my appeal to, so all the people here, you have a personal story which is very special and precious. And unless you've actually identified yourself, it's still just an image of yourself a certain way that you want to be portrayed that is connecting with the world. But actually you connected the world might not be happening yet. And there's something very powerful about it. People, your list for those successful marketers, your list long to know who you are. They long to connect with you. They long for that kind of support. And especially your people, they long to shine and have their voice heard. And so you are people that can help unleash that, encourage them to share their stories in powerful personal ways and have them be known, heard and trusted. So I'm going to show you a couple of things here. We've got, you know, there's something here I was doing for Les Brown just recently, but I, there's just cool stories, cool stories that you draw out of anyone. Here's one from a guy named Justin Glover. When, you know, I was working hard. I was working three jobs at one point. I worked three jobs for a long time actually. And I guess the turning point for me, like the shift was, I walked in like, when I moved back, I moved back home. My room was now like we transferred the garage. That was my room. And I don't, I don't think my mom even knows this, but I, I would hear her at the kitchen table. And I would hear her, she was actually in the office table, which was right by the kitchen. I would get up and walk through and I could hear her in there crying and she was over, she was doing bills and she just couldn't figure it out, you know. And one night, I, it was, I had heard of, you know, these books and there was a couple of different books that kept like kind of playing in my head, the business books that, you know, I wanted to just go check out. Because leading up to everything, my entire life, it's been, you know, I've been conditioned to go to school, get a job, you know, that's why my entire family did it, you know. But I also saw the people that went through that and what financial situation they were in. So one night, you know, I, when I heard her crying this night and it was the, it wasn't the first time. And I knew that, I mean, it just tore me up that I couldn't actually do anything about it, you know. And that, that's really what hurt is hearing that and wanting to help so bad but not being able to. So, so I turned on the TV and I'm watching a, watching a preacher, listening to what he's saying. And I just kind of started thinking, you know, why am I here? Well, why am I in this situation? And I was raised, you know, I was born and raised around, and I was brought up in church. We, we read church every Sunday and I started thinking, you know, why has God done this? And, um, sorry. So I hear. So the guy comes on TV and he reads Jeremiah 29 and 11, for I know the plans I have for you, plans to help you and to give you a future and hope. And it's like, that's when it clicked. And I realized that I, it's not, it's not God. I have no reason to be mad at God. He's on my side. And so I made the decision to actually go from there. And I remember I got in my car and I went down to the local bookstore. And I barely had enough gas to even get there. And I wanted to buy this book. I'd heard people talking about it and I had no experience as an entrepreneur at that point. And so I get there and my debit card had like 11 bucks on it. I knew how much I had in my account. It was like $11 and off. So I go and I find the book. The book is like $19.95. I knew that I had some extra money that I could put in my account and I would get it, you know, it would go through, but couldn't do more than, you know, 25 bucks or so. But they didn't sell the book as one book. It was a three pack, his first three books. And so I'm thinking, okay, roadblock, this really sucks, you know. So I actually borrowed. And I've told part of this, but I've never really, I don't know if I've told anybody. I borrowed the money from the person in front of me at the line and hastings to buy this three book set. And I went home and I read the first book the entire night, nonstop. And it started talking about, you know, that's kind of like what really gave me, okay, there is a way, you know, there's a formula out here. There's other people doing it. And it's because of the actions they take, the decisions they make, you know, some of the stuff that they do. And that's when I really, when I first realized that. Because up until that point, all that was new. I started talking about assets and liabilities and how you can actually go and build a business and make money and create your future. So that was kind of the turning point for me, the introduction to entrepreneurship. I was in the line behind you, you were the person in front of me and you pulled my lunch. Yeah, there was for sure. Like, I think that's why I do, you know. And just this weekend, you know, I mean, that's, some people have, some people, their thing is they buy clothes, you know, with their extra money. Some people like to buy stuff to fix up their car. You know, I pick up tabs for people. I love it. I mean, it's just that gratefulness. And I think that, and I never even realized that just now, just talking to you. I think that maybe is like where you stem from, you know, just that kind of repaying that favor. So do you guys like Justin Glover now? Okay guys, so what I'm going to do is I'm going to show you a little bit inside the editing room. I'm going to show you some little clips from things. And also just while we're at it, I think some people might be interested in things like this, like who shoots with their iPhone? Getting a lapel microphone. This one's like called the Road Smart Lab. Yeah, definitely use lapels with any time you can. They'll work with iPhones or Androids. But yeah, so this guy's got one. That's really cool. But even attaching little lenses to your iPhones is cool too, because I don't know if you can put them on tripods to stabilize them. These ones here are cool because they're wider. And so for example, if you want to hold it there, that way it can get you in shot. It's like 10 bucks, 20 bucks. iPhone wide angle lens. iPhone 5, you put your model in. eBay, it's cool. This is the camera that I use. This is the one that I mentioned, which was good because it's an updated version of it, T5i. That is the lens. It's a 50 millimeter 1.8. And here this camera has just been, it's going to be released late July. I just thought I should tell you guys because some of you might be interested in cinema cameras. It's $995 and it's a cinema camera. It has a full dynamic range that a lot of the digital SLRs can't even do. So it's called a Blackmagic Cinema Camera Pocket. Here on this diagram, you see this thing is called the F-stop. So I told you at Russell that I'd show you how to do the blow the background effect. So by putting F 1.8 or whatever the lens can do, which is why I recommended that little lens, because it can do the 1.8, so that will blow the background. If you put this number the lower it goes, the more the background will blow, the higher it goes, the more everything will be in focus. The ISO is just how much light you're letting in. And the shutter speed, lots of videographers just keep it at 50, they will put something called a filter on the front if they need to, if it's too light. But if you can, they're great settings to use. But this is on my website, this kind of stuff. And then there's different ways to get color grads. But I'm going to show you here inside their program how you get certain color out of videos. Look at this. This is them, these guys wrestling. The other night I'm not going to show that one for you, but I'll show you some other stuff. Can you show me where? Yeah, I know. I was in that dilemma because you guys would all want to win for your video. But, okay, so for example, if you see this clip here... When you want breath as much as you want to succeed, I mean, breathing is everything. Can you imagine being out of breath, Jonathan? And you're wanting to come up and someone is pushing you down. Can you imagine you want that air? So the analogy is this, if you want to succeed online as much as you want that breath, you will make it. You see what I mean? It's like, there's no plan B, I need to take that breath. Can you imagine that? I mean, it really worked for me, man. I said to myself, you know, the way it worked for me was like this, yeah. I'm going to do this thing. I know there's a lot of pressure on me. Everyone's looking at me, my wife is looking at me, you know, I keep failing. But you know what? There is no plan B, you know. I'm going to do this or I'm going to die trying. Does that make sense? It really was, you know, I'm going to do this or I'm going to die trying. It's as simple as that. And the trick here was not, I never gave up. You know, and there was a lot of walls on the way. You know, I kept hitting these walls, walls, walls, walls. But you know what I did? Instead of just hitting the wall, hitting the wall and then just giving up, I just kept hitting it to break it, you know. And a lot of people, unfortunately, when the wall is starting to get a lot thinner, they nearly, nearly there, you know what they do? They give up, man. And that wall, one more hit, yeah. And you would have smashed that wall. One more hit. And what people tend to do, the wall is so thin, man. And they nearly, nearly there, you know, and guess what? They gave up, they dream, man. And I think the trick with me was this, yeah. I didn't give up, I kept hitting it. And then guess what happened? Last August, that wall just collapsed. And I finally went through. Only because I didn't give up, you know, I didn't give up my dream. And it was it worth it? Oh yeah, 1,000 times, man. It was really worth it, man. I'm so blessed and I'm so happy. And I think God, that I actually gave up. You know, I didn't give up on my dream and I just smashed that wall. And if everyone just, just do that, you know, there's a lot of struggles. Of course you've got to come through obstacles. Of course you've got to come through your walls. But the trick here is never, never, never to give up. You know, don't give up your dream. And then just finalize for as long as you want to take that breath, like the breath of life, as much as you want that, you know, then just do it and you will reach your dreams. That's it, God bless you. Alright, so now I'll show you how I did it. So here I've just, all I've done is imported this. It's like one, two, three. So you just drag and drop the clip in there. That's what it looked like. Now by just getting the color meter, I'm going to put my blacks to make them blacker. And then I'm going to put my lights to make them lighter. So I've got a higher contrasted image. Now I can either decrease the saturation to make it black and white, or I can increase it and put more color into it. Now I'm going to just go to something that, it's just a plug-in that I bought which makes it widescreen. And so I'm going to get the widescreen effect by choosing that, dragging and dropping that on. And now it looks like that. Now I'm just going to copy and paste that onto everything else. And then I'm going to get a soundtrack which I like. And so let's just choose a clip and just drag and drop it. And so it's the same thing. That's how quickly I was able to do that. And then for example, one thing that you would have seen me do with this clip before, this is just the raw images in here. Alright, so here she is. This one I'm going to put the slow effect on, so I'm going to put it at 50%. Then I'm going to drop the audio down. And then I'm going to apply the same thing by just making the darks darker, the light slider. And I might just take down the color a little bit. And that's what it looked like before. So it doesn't look like much just like that, but then if I apply that technique. So I mean, and these images are great because they trigger memory for people. So that's my brother and sister singing. So you know, we just captured moments. And this one here is really interesting in capturing two minutes. Cool. Alright, well I think we're good then. Let's just take, what I can mention as well is like in order to even keep in touch and things like that, even you can find me on Facebook as well, Jonathan Otto. But myexfactivevideo.com and I've got like a monthly membership on there. And so you can kind of keep up to date. And I basically share all the secrets of the different industry leaders I'm working with. And if you're looking for really cool soundtracks and visual images as well, a lot of this stuff I've recorded, I actually just have part of the membership. So you get hundreds of music tracks and visual images that you can use for your own stuff. And so, it's a really cool programme, so. Thank you.