Colorful characters are attractive characters. Start with all those characters. All right, so let's move on. The best way to learn colorful language is to model those who are good at it. You want to use it in your everyday conversation, but you want to do so sparingly at first so you can see how people respond to it. All right, this is something you learn how to do. Because there's nothing worse than like a guy who's trying to be funny. He thinks he's funny, but he ain't funny. It's terrible. He's unattractive. All right. So what you want to do is you want to test and you want to discard the statements that go over so well and use the ones that do, and soon you'll get a feel for it. All right. People will tune in to read how you write as much as what you write, especially in the area of boredom, repetition, and phoniness. So here's something you may not know that's really interesting is the Marx Brothers, the greatest comic troops of all time. They were so funny because they tested their comedy routines in front of live audiences over and over and over, and they put only the best ones into their movies. And so they may tell a joke, you know, one time in front of an audience with an orange. You know, they orange bomb, but they try to pickle. All right. And they try to mow the monkey smoking a cigar, which is always funny. And so they found, see, monkey smoke a cigar is always funny. It's hilarious. You cannot laugh at it. You know, you know, rat with a cigarette, not as much, or maybe even more. But the point was is that the Marx Brothers, very cerebral comedy troops, tested all their routines on live audiences, discarded the ones that didn't work, put the best ones into the movies. And that's why duck soup is as funny today as it was back then. All right. So you want to do this on your own colorful language. You test it in front of people, in front of your friends. You try things, you discard things, you hit on things that you know work. Then you can take that to your list and put it there. So you get a feel for it yourself. All right. And it's like, it's like going to the gym and lifting weights. You haven't done it for a long time. It's really hard. It's tough. You stick with it. You gain more muscle. You get in better shape. The same thing happens when you learn to use this colorful language. Take a lot of develop your own style, but you definitely want to do it. And once you got it, deploy it everywhere you can. All right. You'll never be boring. So element number seven stands for something. Takes a position of advocacy, which is the result of your moral code. Taking a position of advocacy is very, very important. So mine is be a self-reliant real man because everything is yo-damn fault. When an opportunity for advocacy shows up, that is congruent with your topic. Use it. All right. Position of advocacy is very important. For example, whenever the media starts talking about bullying, which is the new fad right now, like it ain't been around since caveman times, that gives me fodder to advocate for be self-reliant, stand up to the bully. So you will be able to stand up to the bigger, battered bullies that come along later in life, take your women and take your money. So whenever there's another story about some poor kid, some poor younger kid had some older kids say something mean about him and was a meanie to him and maybe gave him a wedgie or something, we can talk about how that's a life lesson because if the IRS comes to give you a wedgie, you really wish you knew how to deal with it from back then. So position of advocacy that I can take. Element number eight splits the world into us versus them. This is one I used in the very beginning. It's exceptionally powerful. So you have us, people who behave like we do, have moral code, do things that we like, like buying stuff. So there's specific acknowledgement of good behaviors who are in the us crowd. They're part of your list. Your list is a community. Your list is a movement almost. So a good customer behavior, like in mind, buying, taking action, buying, setting a success story, buying, studying and reading, buying, buying, buying. Now, you also want to chastise those who behave badly. Exactly, refunding. Yeah, we're still not buying. Oh, that's the only one we started on that now. I don't like refunders. Freeloaders, all right, which is tuning in and getting all this entertainment without buying. We don't like freeloaders. And so you want to chastise those who behave badly, but you do it a semi-anonymous way. And so it's somewhat of a vague them. You don't really want to call any specific person out and say, Charlie Wilson Smith, who lives at this address and has this phone number. Please call him up and tell him, but no, we don't want to get into that. It's really what it is, is it's just keeping the troops in line. All of us ussans need to behave the same way. And so in my case, bad behavior, I split the world into talkers and doers. Doers are on my side. Talkers are the enemy. So doers do things like improve themselves and buy stuff for me. Talkers, wine, refund, freeload, they don't buy. They have an entitlement mentality. They blame others, et cetera. Every now and then I'll get an email sent in from somebody that's whining about something or another and I'll publish it and I'll smack him around and I'll solicit comments from other people from the list. So they'll come in, they'll smack him around too and then I publish that. And everybody sees that, oh, there's a lot more of us ussans than them. I better stop freeloading and go buy something. So split the world into us versus them. Element number nine, this is a really important one. This is a really important one. The attractive character displays superpowers. Abilities to do what others cannot or more importantly will not do. You need to have superpowers. And so what you are really becoming as an attractive character is a comic book character. Exactly. And all comic book characters have superpowers. Your prospects want you to have them. You don't want to join a list of somebody, this guy's a loser. He's a whimp. He does nothing. He stays in bed and cries all day long. No! I want somebody who's invisible and makes money on demand and has powers. We want superpowers. Your prospects want you to have them. And so illusion is the way to do it, to let them know, indirectly referencing them through story, allegory, position of advocacy, analogy, etc. In the mechanic section that we'll get into just a little bit, I'll tell you my fairly recent use of the hero's journey that suddenly lets the list know there are superpowers. You have superpowers and how you got them. All right. But you need to have superpowers. Don't now. Here's the thing. People don't want an arrogant hero. They want a humble hero. Superman's humble. Spider-Man's humble. Incredible Hulk. He's too dumb to be humble or anything else. But you don't openly brag about them. That's a turn off. All right. You allude to them and let other people build you up in their minds. Let others build your legend for you. But never deny that you have one. People want to believe in heroes. Never grab for the mantle, but reluctantly put it on. A reluctant hero is still a hero. All right. It's Keith Baxter here. I saw Keith's name on the list. Keith has a, I've known Keith for a long time. He's a very smart internet marketer. But every time Keith sees me, he's like, oh my God, this is John. You need a medium. He's an OG. He's one of the original gangsters. This guy knows more about marketing and on and on and on and on and on. I mean, it's almost embarrassing. But Keith has a little bit of stature. I'm like, Keith, you know, you shouldn't, you know, but I never openly deny it. I don't deny it. I let people go and say that. You know, I'm humbled to them, but I'll let other people build my legend for me. Oh, it is true. Keith is very compelling. And you should believe what he says about me. Okay. So you want to let other people build your legend for you. And, but reluctantly put it on. The reluctant hero is still a hero. So here are my superpowers. You need to think about your superpowers as much as you think about your moral code. Because these fit into the list. So my superpowers, ability to get sexy women that approach me on demand, create attraction on demand via words. I simply speak words and the attraction is there. Now, there's other things that are a little bit off topic too. But I'm really in the self development business. And nobody really wants a hero that just has like one little superpower. You want to have lots of superpowers because you want a hero who's a winner. So some of my other superpowers are, I know how to put words on paper that compel people to give me money. I know how to attract unattainable women despite my flaws on five foot six and a quarter on 42 years old. I'm balding. I'm overweight. Put that on paper. That's flawed. But despite my flaws, I still know how to do this. And how to make people laugh in spite of themselves. Superpower of people want. I have an encyclopedic knowledge of direct marketing because I've only studied the shit every day since 1996. Honestly, if I didn't, it would be an embarrassment to myself. I should have it, but it's seen as a superpower by some people. Make friends with superstars. You know, if you're a cool dude and you hang out with people that are like you, you'll meet other people that have the label superstars. You know, a lot of people think they want to have that power. I can get people to laugh at things they shouldn't laugh about. Now, I didn't run a spell check there, but I will have you know, I did win the spelling bee in third grade. So laugh is not spelled correctly. You got paid. But these, the reason that I have these superpowers, what I also didn't say was like ability to squat 500 pounds in the gym. Ability to leg press 2000. Ability to hoist a truck in the air on one finger. That's not quite relevant to my list. All right. But a lot of this stuff is. It is impressive. But I'm squatting like 135 pounds now because trying to squat 495 pounds and I was 26, doesn't do so good for you later in life. All right. I'm happy I can still squat body weight. All right. But that's not relevant to my list. The fitness list is a different thing, but you have to come up with your superpowers that are relevant to your list. And so they get superpowers, our ability to walk into a room and everybody signs up and joins all the email and he wants you to even speak. Again, that would be a good superpower to have. That's the least of superpowers. Perfect. Perfect. It's a good superpower. Since she's been the reluctant hero of the nine, there you go. Pan of tension and class. That's good. All right. No. Now you want to hint at these by our story and illusion, let others fill in the blanks. Let them build your legend for you because you want to crawl across as humbly arrogant. All right. So it's this weird, what you'll see in attraction, if you go read the Robert Green book, The Art of Seduction, you'll see that there's these, or creates attraction, these two opposing forces, humbly arrogant, kind and cruel at the same time. And so you'll see all of these things fit together like this. And so to your list, you want to be humbly arrogant. I call myself the king of let them come to you. What could be more arrogant than that? What could be more farcical than that? You know, you got to laugh at it while I put yourself in a position of authority. And so there's all these opposing forces, these contradictions that create attraction. All right. Humbly arrogant. Very important. Next thing. Now, your prospects, they don't want you to be just like them, but they want you to understand them and have had their experiences. You are where they wish to be and hope to eventually be. Indirectly, indirectly selling hope is very powerful, but you have to let them come to that conclusion in their own minds. All right. Element number 10, a recent one. They're going to talk about this, I don't know, by your so-called on the phone, the Godfather position. You want to eventually get to where you take the Godfather position with your list. And so if you watch the first Godfather movie, people are in awe of Marlon Brando. It is a fantastic job of allowing people and encouraging people to kiss the ring. You want to be the Godfather position. The person your list is afraid to let down and disappoint. Okay. They need to be afraid of disappointing you. You don't want to disappoint the Godfather. Bad things happen when you disappoint the Godfather. All right. So if you do everything above correctly, they will assign you Godfather status, and you need to maintain that. That's why chastising somebody who is a talker and is not behaving in the way they want to, that's the Godfather position. You're sending your goons to slap them around a little bit publicly. All right. The Godfather position is really, really important because they fear letting you down. Now, people will exalt and revere you when you take Godfather position. You don't want to show off. You want to keep a low profile, but again, you don't deny that you're the Godfather. Expect your list to take actions, let you sell them, and convey your disappointment to the list about those who do not take action. Some disappointed. We've got a lot of these good doers that took action, getting results, but I've got a few freeloaders. Some are probably not reading because most of you guys that read, most of you are good doers. Well, we've got these freeloaders that are not taking action and giving them in a bad name. Can't have this. All right. So it gets you into the Godfather position. You want your list to fear disappointing you. When you reach that level, you're the Godfather to your list, and that list becomes not only more responsive, but more appreciative. All right. You want your list to appreciate you. They appreciate and fear the Godfather. There is, in one episode of Game of Thrones, very quickly, this is watching, there's two characters, Lord Varys and Tyrion Lannister. This is an important thing to understand. There's a riddle that Lord Varys, he asked Tyrion, do you like riddles? I don't know, tell me. And essentially, the answer to the riddle is, is there's no answer, it's a trick. Power resides where men believe it resides, and a very small man can cast a very large shadow. So you have to understand it. Power resides where men believe it resides, so you want your list to believe power resides in you. You're making them believe you have power. You are in the Godfather position. It's worth, it's in season two of Game of Thrones, I forget which episode. It's worth watching that exchange and really understanding it. But the thing to get out of it is, is power resides where men believe it resides. And a very small man can cast a very large shadow, particularly with the internet nowadays. Now, no one does a better job of this than Dan Kennedy. I've known Dan for a long time. Even though you pay Dan to work for you, counsel you, give you advice, he's a master of instilling fear of disappointment in you. And that leads to extra motivation. It's, it's good to have your own Godfather in your life, someone you're afraid of disappointing. When I used to go to the Platinum meetings with Dan, I had to owe my stuff to Dan. I don't want to disappoint him or anybody in the room when I get an idiot. Whenever we had calls every other month or something, I'm prepared for that call, because I don't want to look like an idiot in fear of letting Dan down, even on paying this guy $32,000 a damn year for the privilege of this. That's the Godfather position. Everybody kicks money up to the Godfather. They're still afraid of the Godfather. All right. That's what you want to do with your list. The mechanics of the attractive character. How do you use it in your marketing? You have to understand that the attractive character permeates everything that you do. Let me know if it comes back up by the way. So in your products, in your emails, in your print newsletter, your sales copy, you put you into your marketing, your attractive character, because nobody else can knock that off. People are talking about competition all the time. There's no competition for you. Nobody can be Dagen Smith like Dagen is. Nobody can be me. No one can be Russell Brunson or Bill Glaser or anyone else. All right. You have, when you are, when you deploy this in all your communications with your customers, you reach a position where nobody can compete with you. Now, my favorite use is email marketing. Email has achieved a surprising stability over the years. It's a fantastic way to build your attractive character in the minds of your prospects. Now, very quick technical knowledge. As long as people want to know what email system do you use? I use four. I use Net Atlantic. I use Interspar with email delivered. It's Heather Sites. There she is. Heather runs email delivered. And so if you need a really good email company, which I use, go talk with Heather. She'll get you going right. I also use Aweber and Infusion. All these from me serve different purposes. All right. Now, your goal capture about email address of every prospect, then capture their minds so they continue to tune in every single day. Email is a fantastic way to deliver your radio show. Okay. Having a radio show is expensive. You can have internet radio now. But email is inexpensive and it causes people to tune in and to read. Very, very, very important. Somebody who's just sitting there watching a mindless honey badger video all day long is not thinking. Somebody who is reading is thinking and the more intelligent readers are much better customers. All right. So by the way, there's a great course. Does anybody here have Andre Chaperones, an auto responder madness too? I don't know if it's Geller does. I got to tell you, that's a fantastic course. He, Andre, since he couldn't be here, sent me the link to that course so everyone can get access to it. So even from afar, you guys now do have access. That's very good. I'll pay money for that thing. That's a bad man. Yeah, it's a bad man. But I'll give you guys, remind me later, I'll make sure you guys get the link. Great course. I will say something very interesting about that course of his. When I bought it, here's how he delivered it to you. You got an episode every day. Oh, it was brilliant. And so you had to tune in every day and I was like, well, what does this Andre Chaperone guy have to say? I was like, oh my God, this is great. And he's a fantastic writer. How do you recommend that? My only criticism of his course is, or he stopped emailing me. I was like, what? Where's my email? Like, what am I something? Where'd he go? He quit emailing me. My only criticism of him, I, you know, if he kept emailing me and nobody has ever accused me of not emailing people, I'd have given him more money. But yeah, Andre Chaperone, that's a great, great gift. All right, let's talk about how to establish the attractive character in the beginning. When I mean by the beginning, that's when a customer or prospect who you have no prior relationship with joins your list, all right? Building empathy and trust. So what you want to do now, and this is new for me, is you want to hook the prospect with your initial autoresponder sequence. When they, back in 2006, when I did this, they go into my list, they'd immediately go into my two emails a day. This is a little bit different now, all right, and much more effective. So when they opt in, I put them on a 65-day morning email sequence that follows my hero's journey, how I went from zero to hero with sexy women. And it closely, very much follows the hero's journey form, your layout by Christopher Vogler in the writer's journey. You get that book, you read it, it'll show you exactly how to do that. And so this thing is like 200 pages in word that I wrote over a couple of months. You don't have to write it all at once. You can do one a day, then another day, then another day. You get them written pretty quick. But they all follow the hero's journey, ordinary world, special world, meeting with a man or allies, tests, all that stuff. If you go through and read it, this is really, really, really powerful stuff. The other way, also too, this sequence, which, go to the next slide, this sequence is also written using that, using Andre Schaperone techniques in the course I just talked about. And so the open loop that I have at each episode says that the next one, there's a lot of stuff for them to click in there. This is using ARM 2.0 on steroids combined with the hero's journey, and it is devastatingly effective. Because now they go into my two meals a day after they've read 65 days. They love you. They love me. They know who I am. But it's important that they got my backstory. So now this is told when I tell this story. It's from the point of view of remembrance. I'm looking back to the day when I was like them with the implication that I'm standing on this mountain looking back on the day. It's really, really important. I am in the special world with the Alexa. They're in the ordinary world and want to know where I am. We're going to go on this little journey together. So in the story, I reveal all my failings with women, the mindset, specific experiences, lack of skills, confusion, frustration, everything they are feeling and experiencing when they opt in. I want to hook them in. I want to make them feel, wow, this guy understands my current experience. If they feel you understand them, they soon feel you can help them. And how do you help them? They buy your shit. Well, it hits the next slide, Deegan. Hit another one. It's in there somewhere. Go back. Ah, there it is. There it is. One minute at portu.com. You can go and get it. Yes? Absolutely. Yeah, I'm going to get right to that, Richard, but it's a fantastic question. The answer is yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, and yes. So let's go back a few slides. I'll close this very quick. If they feel you understand them, they soon feel you can help them. At the end of the auto responder sequence, I have clearly established myself as someone with superpowers and people that are still tuning in are raving fans. This is my origin story. If you're not familiar with an origin story, it's something that every comic book character has in common, how they got their powers. Spider-Man, bit by radioactive spider, Superman, Superman story, the Incredible Hulk, they all have an origin story that led to their powers. This initial email sequence is your origin story that follows the hero's journey. Follow it when we approach you.com. I use an Atlantic for this sequence. Why an Atlantic? Any reason? Yeah, here's the reason why I do that. This thing I got is kind of a Frankenstein monster, so email delivered is another part of this that I've put on top of it, but I originally did it in that one because I could set the exact time I wanted it to go out. Food deliverability, very robust, you can have them do things, they click on a link, they go into particular action and stuff. There's a lot of stuff that you can do. Net Atlantic, it's a lyricist list manager. Dave Mizz will tell you about all the frustrations if you want. We share the same program. I don't think it's that complicated, but I'm going to help Dave get his line as you fixed. It's just copying and pasting, but it's knowing what to copy and paste. You got to know. You got to figure out. That's what I use. The first few days of the sequence, you must hook them in. What I do is I give them unexpected good stuff. All this content and videos and stories, and I use cliffhangers to get them to look forward to and open the next day's email like Andrew Chaperone teaches. What you're doing is you're training them to open and you're training them to click. If you look at the first few emails that go out, it's all content stuff because I want them to start clicking because they got to click to buy if you do that online. Then after you train them to open and click, you will train them to buy. I give them an answer to your question, Richard. 130 offers in the first 60 days. After day three or so, I start with afternoon pitch emails. The reason I do this, I want to recover the cost of opt-in as soon as possible. A couple of things about this, which is really important. I set up the first afternoon email by saying, there's a lot of you guys that have been asking me if I can speed up this process. You're really eager, you're taking action, you want to succeed with this subject. The best way is for you to go get these products. It sets it up that way and then I just keep emailing them. My most responsive products first, the ones that I get the most money off of, go there first. On my afternoon email sequence that runs, since I've been doing this two emails since 2004, those are all historically my best. Click through rates and highest dollar products that go through there. I keep adding them things on. The reason I have so many offers, this is really important. In the first 60 days, in my market, guys opt in because of curiosity, they don't buy until something painful happens like they get dumped by a girlfriend in front of their best friend. I want them to buy because media is expensive. The more different offers I have in front of them, the more likely they are to buy. They may not care about me, but they might buy a fitness offer. They might be a better lover offer. They might buy make money offer. I have all these different offers because as soon as they bought something, they're now a recent buyer for me and much more likely to buy something. Somebody that I sent over to buy one of Dave's business products, he buys one of Dave's products. Tomorrow, he's much more likely to buy a product for me because he is now a recent buyer. That's really important. Some of them you can click bank, you can. Some of them that you can. Some of them that you can't. But I've taken all my recent things in them because you've got to understand there's so many I want to catch one interest that they're going to buy from to get them to buy. I want to engender that buying behavior. Handouts. So is this all the handouts? Nice. So now I'll tell you something very interesting about this. In my business, people opt out opt in for curiosity but buy on pain. In the past, my average time from opt in to first sales was 86 days. That's a little painful. Especially when credit cards want to be paid every 30 days. It's a cash flow deal. The reason I have so many offers is I want to do everything I can to shorten it because the quicker I can recover my cash flow, the faster I can expand my business. That's why so many offers in that time. By putting different offers in front of them, it dramatically increases the chance they may buy something. They may not be initially interested in my offer but they might be interested in a fitness product, money getting product, be a better lover product, beat people up product. It's a lot of Tim Larkin stuff. It's a good pitch. You know? Et cetera. Once they buy, they become a recent buyer of mine and will likely to buy something else or something of mine. I also offer them free plus shipping CDs on different topics. Get a girlfriend, get your ex back for an end of lover which flags those people that have a specific interest and it gets them to buy and puts them into a one click up sell chain. So it's free CD, $9 shipping and once I got that credit card, they got as many one click up sell videos as I can put right there. I want that money. Now these CDs are important. There's something very interesting about why I do CDs, okay? Not some MP3 digital battle. I want to ship it to them. They're physical products with print sales letters. They can hold in their hands. They can read. They can buy. They can look at. When they play the CDs, they hear my voice. Talking in colorful language, moral code, position of advocacy, everything I do in those emails, I do in those CDs. I want my customers to hear the attractive character on the audio CD. Vitally important. The next one. A recent buyer is the best prospect to buy something of yours. So look, in the first 60 days, if 130 offers, I'm going to buy something. Anything. Anything. I mean, you know, I wish I had 300. Now it also keeps them interested when you're putting them in from these different offers. A good sales pitch also acts as a relationship building, even if they don't buy. So if you look at video sales letters written in John Benson's form, they entertain and teach as much as sell. So actually sending them to watch something different and entertaining each time actually counts as a relationship building. If you send them to watch the same thing eight days in a row, they're bored. They can't trust you. This idiot just sent me another email that sounds interesting and, oh, I'm at the same damn letter again. Really? They're going to have to send them different stuff. They want to know what's new. So sending them to a sales pitch is not necessarily a deeing against you. It's got to be a funny sales pitch. Had something I sent out, just a stupid joke to my list. It was this whole chronic commissions. Anybody remember that? Pot smoker gets rich. I sent it out as this is the dumbest thing I've ever seen. I ain't never seen so many people buy in my life. I'm like, what the hell is this? Obviously, I have a lot of pot smokers on my list. And they were two stone to even refund the damn thing. I've done that on occasion. Every now and then I had to meet women on Twitter product that's done well. Occasionally I do that. Sometimes I just don't want to sit on a mess with it. But it works very well when I do it. I mean, no doubt about that. So a good pitch also counts as relationship building. Whatever you do, you can't bore them. When I started, I did well with constant sending them to my office and field office. But I started doing much better when I started sending them to many different offers. Really, really, really important. What's new? That answers the question, what's new? People like to buy. People like to be sold to. They don't like seeing the same old stuff over and over and over. What I want to do is train them to actively tune into my show every morning, much like Limbaugh, Stern, and more appropriately, Paul Harvey. TJ Rowley, they're probably members of Paul Harvey. I know the rest of you all do. Greg Allen does. Paul Harvey model, longer morning news segment with breaks read by him, short afternoon news break with more ads read by him, rest of the story at night. Paul Harvey. Great radio voice, by the way. Two emails a day after the sequence runs. We're going to talk about this in a little bit more detail coming up. I'm going to speed through this. Can you do that in any other AR? Do you do that in A-Weber or twice a day, like Stagger? Yeah. Yeah, you can do them in pretty much anything now. Works pretty good. Oh, here's another recent invention, the late night email. This is something I recently did because two emails a day is not enough. Late night email. This is an email that clearly states John Allen's currency late night. I sent it out around Tempe and Central and Office and it says, this email is for you night owls like me and this message is best reviewed at night. It's just flagging them, right? Because it flags them, it does not create a tidal wave of opt-outs than with any other email. But it does create a nice burst of sales and I like to do two to three a week. Love the late night email. The key is that the from email address looks different than your regular to. Do you feel it's just getting the wave of the one watching? I don't even want to think about such things. These guys. So it's a different from, but it's still from you? It's still from me. I do have a nice distraction for a few minutes. Now I'm back. Some of these guys on my list, they probably don't limit their activities to a particular time. What does a pot smoker do? AD all day? Probably the same time. All right. Here's something very interesting. Give an auto responder phone under different aliases because three emails a day is not enough. So I've got a fitness list under the name Roger Patton, be a better lover list under Sabrina Kelly. All these are auto responder lists. I don't want to write two emails a day for all this, but they all list these run concurrently. If they see a different name, they don't get irritated at me and opt out because people get so many emails. You cannot email them too much, only too much under the same name. And so as they go through my initial sequence, I'm like, hey, being in shape is very important because women don't like fat dudes. So there's this guy, Roger Patton, you need to go check out because he tells you how to not be a fat guy. So go off to his list. Well, it's me writing as Roger Patton. They go off to it and they get this whole auto responder sequence at different times from Roger Patton. But I get paid. They buy all that stuff. The Sabrina Kelly list is a be a better lover list, which gets like five times better opening rate than I do because it's coming from a woman's name. A harder woman to write it would be too creepy if I wrote it. I'm not into that. So a harder woman to write, it's a very good, very profitable list and it gets like a 25% open rate where mine don't get that much. And it gets all kinds of odd correspondence, shall we say. Very odd. Guys tend to fall in love very easily based on words. Really? Different fondle though, different list. Can't even know what the sign is going to say. So here's some of the examples of my from. John Alonis, J. Alonis, late night, Aero, John Alonis, late night. To my Kindle list, J. Alonis, author, Roger Patton, RWF, real world fitness, Sabrina Kelly. All different. Again, all these emails, I'm getting paid. I use email, my main sequence, to simply drive them to another opt-in page, flagging their interests. Roger Patton, I ain't finished that damn thing I need to. But it's the fitness list that tells my hero's journey story about health and fitness and pitches a bunch of fitness to fill eight offers. And some of my dating ones too. Roger Patton, hey, there's this guy John Alonis you need to hear about. If you got problems with him, you need to check stuff out. Go ahead, here's a great dude. Not fat anymore. So they feedback on each other. So the Sabrina Kelly list is a similar sequence. My woman pitches a lot of be a better lover product. It gets a huge open rate. Like I said, I get bizarre love letters. Enough of that. I also get a lot of buyers and I'll take the money. All right. Two emails a day strategy, sometimes three or four. When I started this business in 2004, opt-ins immediately went in this two emails a day. Very successful. Now they all start on my 65 days hero's journey was I just talked about know my back story bonded. Now they go into two emails a day. So we're getting close to the end of this presentation. So I do my best to turn reading my emails into a habit for them where they check their emails at the same time every day to see what I have to say. I want them to anticipate the receipt of my email and actively tune in. I don't think he's missed. Like I've been on his list since that first song I present was like 2006 ish. Yeah. I don't think he's any day since I got on this. I've never seen a missed. All right. All right. No, every day. Like literally every single. I have something to say. These are email blasts that happen after the 65 day follow up. So an A-weber I have a search set. So this starts 65 days where they run in that Atlantic. So there's no overlap. So long seek origin story first. Then yes. Yes. The next what are we going on nine years now? Oh yeah. Tell your story about that. I didn't do that on a weekends once. Then I sent out a corduroy pitch on Sunday because you feel thinking man 180 bucks. I said, shit, I would have made 180 bucks. I said this pitch had I'm human every day. I'm not making sure that Friday and Saturday 90th century. Aren't they buying a product the next day after they get blown away at the bar? You know, I'll say, well, I see a big surge this Sunday evening because I'll come in, but they're reading the ones that I sent. Yes. So do you basically have some sort of program set up so that once they finish on the epic way, they'll automatically get popped into your A-weber list without them having to? A script set up that splits them into all at the same time. And so A-weber is just a matter of putting in a sort that says after all people 65 days after opt-in. Because the opt-in date is set at the beginning. Yeah. So they all go in there at the same time. Is there a reason why you don't want me at this is the Friday answer. Yeah. And I'll talk about that. Yeah. Absolutely. It's a very good question. And I'll talk about that in just a little bit. There are types of readers that you get with the two emails a day. Some people are rabid fans like Dagen read every day. Some read every few days, but they go back and catch up. Some read when an interesting subject line catches their eye, like I did when playing with married women. Well, you got to read that one. And it's not what you think it is or it might be. Very vague. Some completely ignore them, but don't opt out. And then a life event happens and they become eager readers. People move up and down these categories too. You have to understand this. We're up and down categories. Running the numbers, I got a 4.8% open rate for each morning email. On average, it doesn't include text emails. It may sound a little low. I don't know if it's high or low. But when I've done some data analysis over a five day period, 27% of the sample had opened an email. That means that each day a different segment is seeing it. And so people that say, well, if you email so much, your open rate's going to drop. Well, on a specific email it is. But what's the engagement rate over a particular week? It's just as high. Well, you know, I want people to give me money every day. I email them every day. Different segment of different group. I use A-Weber for my daily emails, type responsive group of people. You can use anything you want. All right. Morning email strategies. I send mine at the same time every day. I like 10 a.m. Eastern because I can catch everyone when they're first bored at work. I'm sleeping. My length, page and a half and word, 12 point times New Roman font, one inch margins, top and bottom if you want to be specific. Right new one every day. This is where you use all the elements of the attractive character. Entertainment and involvement are much more important than content. We have content into attractive character. You teach by allegory, analogy, commentary, and story, not by boring ass lecture. Allegory conveys its hidden message to symbolic figures, actions, imagery, or events. You're using story to teach and their mind picks out the lesson by association. Have you ever had, let's say, an outsourcer or someone else write these emails for you? The only one I ever did was for that Sabrina Kelly list where a woman who's a very competent writer wrote those. Otherwise, absolutely not. That's the one thing you cannot outsource. You got to do that yourself because it's your character. Stay on topic. This is really important. I always bring my commentary back to my topic. If you get too far off topic, people will drift away. It's perfectly fine to comment on something that appears unrelated, but at the end of your email, you want to loop it back to that. So I may say something that you might be asking yourself, how does this apply to our topic, the topic of attraction? Here's how it applies. You have to loop it back or you'll get people saying, I didn't opt in for a list about going to the gym. I opted in for a list about attraction. So you have to loop it back. You have to stay on topic. It's very important. All right. I'll give you some real quick formats that I use for each one. Sometimes straight content, which is just advice with me using colorful language. It would be like something, here's all you guys are afraid to talk to a woman. It's a good way to go up and talk to a woman and not get rejected most of the time. Straight advice. Story about your life is another great one. What happened that day? That's a really good one. One reason I get so much content, comment on what happened during your day. You want to be able to take an ordinary advice and make an ordinary event and make it extraordinary. And so what happened that day that teaches us? I do this one a lot. Referencing current dates and events, they know it's a real guy writing them on a daily basis, not an auto responder. That's the answer to your question, Nick. Is there something magic about doing it daily? There's something magic about that. I can, you know, there's certain things I can reference that happened the day before. And people can say, oh my God, this is a real guy writing to me. He sat down and wrote something for me today or yesterday. They can see it's real. They feel like you did something personal for them and you did. It's not some cheesy ass auto responder from 1998. It's not somebody else who wrote something. It's you. And so they bond with you. And most people don't, you know. Even when I think about these letters, they're very few. Yeah. That's the thing. That's a great advantage to do them. So if you people do them, that you stand out so much when you do them. Allegorian analogy, great format. I use lessons from my other areas of expertise, mapping them over to attraction. That way I subtler reveal my superpowers. I talk about direct marketing a lot, health and fitness, whiskey collecting, and other things that currently claim expertise. And so I'll tell a story about one topic and link it to another topic. This shows that I'm not just a guy who has superpowers with attraction. I have many superpowers because we don't want half a hero. We want a full hero. When you present your superpowers this way, it's not bragging. It's entertaining. But they get that you have them. And it makes them feel comfortable. All right. Source from your past. I tell a lot of Navy stories, a lot of oil field stories. Source from when I was getting my engineering degree, one degree, not degrees. Stories from my art business days, stories from when I was broke, fat, when I entered the CIA, et cetera. I have a lot of rich stories from my past that tell them, hey, this guy has done something. He's done interesting things. He's been in interesting places. So they bond with you more. They all teach a lesson and they all loop back to attraction. But they also let prospects know I am an interesting guy who has seen and done a lot of real world things. This leads to a lot of off-lifts correspondence from guys who have had one or more similar experiences. So I said, oh, John, I worked at the oil field too. Oh, John, I was on this submarine. You know, so I hear this stuff from them. It feels like I'm bonding and it shows that they're reading and cared enough to write me back. Yeah, Nick. Do you correspond back to them? They're like, they're just a little too... What I will do is I will take... If it's somebody I find really interesting, I'll write them back, but that's very rare. I'll take what they wrote and publish it in a new email to give them recognition, to encourage people. That's what you're supposed to do, is to write me something and buy shit. But yeah, I rarely correspond with them one-on-one. There's too many of them, but I do publish it, which they like because they get recognition for it. Very powerful. So you have different lists, and for each list, you use a real character like your real story. Yes. You stick with the real one, the other one with your fictional character. You stick with the fictional one. I, like on my fitness list, I have a bunch of fitness-related stories to tell. So I use those on my dating list. I have a bunch of... Sometimes I'll use the same story. They kind of get that it's me. But I don't like writing fiction. I like writing stuff from my past that happened because it just feels real. If you're writing fictional stuff, you have to keep track of all of that. Not saying that it couldn't be done. For me personally, I like the details, and I've had so much crazy, interesting chat happen that I can do it. But the other thing about that is that there's an art to taking something ordinary and making it extraordinary. I saw a couple getting a small fight at the gym. What's interesting about that? Well, but there was something interesting. So I took it and I made it interesting and taught a lesson. So these subredo lists were you hired out on the writer? Those were fictional or real? Um, I don't know. If you read them, I don't know. They're pretty racist, shall we say, but they're very effective. Might have been based on a true story. Could have been. So I use and explain insider language. They'd know I've really done what I said. I'm not just another idiot glorifying a past that never happened. Unlike a lot of people out there pretending to be Navy SEALs. I busted a lot of guys like that. Ask them their buds class number and that pretty much does it. Also tell stories about real characters from my past. Captain Dave Herding, gunnery sergeant Ronald Ostein, Wayne Boom Boom Boom Barker, who was a big, big guy when I worked in the oil field. His name was Boom Boom Boom because there were three steps on the truck. So when he walked up, boom, boom, boom, you knew Wayne was coming. You know, so all these stories, Fat Johnny, people love these stories because they're funny, inspiring. They teach a life lesson. They allow me to slip in interesting specifics about my life. Don't name drop. It's a big turn off like, hey, well, me and my good buddy, Don Trump, were hanging out last night. Really? Really? Keep it real. Your life should be interesting enough. You don't have to do that. Your past is interesting enough. Don't show off. Well, I was at the dealer buying my BMW M6. They hate that, man. They just hate you rubbing it in their nose. You're rubbing it. They hate that. Tell personal stories that really happened and explain who the characters were, you know. But don't rub it in their face. Commentary about current events or some things or there was something in the news a few weeks ago about a dentist who fired an employee for being irresistibly attractive. That's all pictures. Kind of cute. Tim Duncan gets a divorce. This was a story a few weeks ago. Current events. Teach a lesson with that. Commentary about celebrities. There's always some idiot celebrity saying something stupid on Twitter, which is always like Anthony Weiner sending a picture of himself with his shirt off to some young girl. Really? Really? That's stupid. But it's fodder that I can go back and talk about. And so if he comes back, well, we can go back and talk about the Anthony Weiner stuff again. Celebrities that do stupid things. Limitless. Allegorical stories about your interests. Distinctive whiskies. A whiskey that's distinctive is one that's like, oh my god, there's nothing like that on the planet. So I'm able to tell a story about that, letting you know I'm a whiskey collector. But do you want to be a guy who's just a regular guy or do you want to be a distinctive man to women? The allegory is distinctive whiskey, distinctive man. So that's a very effective technique. Question and answer. Great standby. People love to see their name in print. They send me questions, put it in there, answer them, get more questions. It's involvement. I do an involvement one. Hey guys, what's the manliest drink ever? Send me your suggestions. That was a fun one. What's the manliest movie scene ever? So solicit feedback and republish quickly. The manliest drink ever was a lot of fun. Some guy, the winning submission that I thought was something called Hicks Navy 125 Rum, which is like 76% alcohol by volume. And they said like an experience like no other. Man, that sounds manly. So if anybody's got a bottle of Hicks Navy 125 Rum they want to send me, I'll add it to my bar collection. You solicit feedback. Chastise a talk or a refunder. We talked about that. You just crack the whip on them. Good to use every now and then. Create your own vocabulary. This is important. I use like charismatic male energy. Talkers versus doers. The girly men in the media. The marriage divorce financial complex. It's an old S-track. You get them to use your vocabulary. Soon they're responding to you. Create your own vocabulary. Use the funny disparaging terms aimed at a vague them, talkers. So I use terms like chode, Nimrod, girly man, squealer. Squealers in the media. That's a good one. A lot of that going on when telling a story. So use of that. But it's vague. You're not doing it a particular person. You tell it like it is. You always put yourself in a position of authority. For example, I used to have a friend named Pete. You got a friend named Pete, Dagan? I used to have a friend named Pete who was an irreprenent, nice guy with women. Always a safe friend. And so I'm in position talking about a guy who has not yet gotten it. Puts me in a position of authority. I have a lot of stories. People love that. So telling a story puts you in a position of authority. Now, like I said, do not deliberately offend. We talked about that, our stray-off topic. Politics is actually relevant for many lists, like business, investment, but not for all, not for mine. There are actually a few communists on my list. I guess they get government money, spend on my products, money's mine. I'll take it. And so I've never actively said anything political. I said things that could be interpreted. And I got enough of a blowback from people to say this is not worth doing on my list. But like on Kennedy's list, well, it's the whole thing. It's small business owners. So you have to be careful about doing something like that for your list. But really, you need to stay on topic. If you start wandering off into the wilderness, people are going to opt out. And stay on topic. Public success stories as soon as you get them. Praise the submitter. Congratulate him or her for buying your product and taking action. Reinforce the benefit of buying as often as possible. Give them the link to buy the same product and success story just bought. Classified ads and email. The top is very good position, the middle and P.S. Clearly delineated as advertising. Soft sell. People like to buy in the morning, too. You'll see that if you opt into my list. Special recognition to old-time subscribers. I got one subscriber named Phil that on my list forever recommends good whiskies to me. So I always say give a good shout out to Phil who recommended the Ardbeg. They love that. The old subscribers. Because that makes them want to become an old subscriber. Special recognition to old-time subscribers. Takes me about 10 or 15 minutes to write a morning email. I don't think about what I'm going to say. I sit down and I say it. I think of it as a conversation with a friend, not a writing. Assignment. So keep in mind that when your friend calls, you already got something to say. You ever had a friend call and you say, I'm out of words. Don't spoke them all for today. Can't talk. Hell no. You waste too much damn time on that distraction. You always have something to say. So when it comes to talking to your friends on your list, you always have something to say to you. Which is, well, I can crank out so much content. I'm just having no phone call every morning with the friends on my list. That's all I'm doing. Because I always got something to say. Afternoon email strategies. And we'll be done. Couple things to keep in mind. People have a moving parade of interest. A sale is triggered by a life event. One of my subscribers, just a free guy, been on the list for a few years. Was on vacation in Russia sitting on a train. Saw an attractive looking woman who smiled at him. Didn't know what to do. Spent two weeks wondering how the trip would have gone if he'd actually gone up and talked to her. Man, come back. Spent $2,000 on my stuff. They didn't want that to happen again. Before that happened, he wasn't ready to buy. Now, he was an eager beaver. He wanted to buy. People do not buy when you are ready to sell. They buy when they're ready to buy. Which is why we stay in front of them with all these emails like this. Every marketer out there is looking for a lazy man's way to riches. Which is a pit that makes an immediate profit on their ad spend. These are rare. The reason we stay in front of people is we wait for them to be ready to buy. Very important. Think, and some of the things in a lazy man's way to riches, think of your media acquisition costs as investing in the stock market. If you get a 10% per year in the stock market on average, you're doing well. People don't think about this when it comes to marketing. You have to think like this. This is what this attractive character stuff allows you to do. Say you spend $1,000 on media to build a list. After 90 days, you only made $500 back. That's terrible. Ouch! After 180 days, you're break even. To 70, you're up 500, and to 350, you're up $1,000. You got 100% return on investment. What I hear, you can't get that in the stock market. People pee all over themselves and they get a damn 10% response. But if they don't get their money back immediately on marketing, they want to shoot themselves in the head. Really, think about it like that. You just made 100% return on investment. How about more than you'll ever get in the market? That's how you got to think about business. A set of forever chasing a lazy man's way to riches. That's why I have 130 products in the first 60 days, and as many more as I can actually get in front of them. That's why we do the two emails a day, the three emails a day. The funnel is to slowly extract over time the money we spent on additional customer acquisition costs. We got a note on that customer. We got to pay that note off over time. But once you pay that note off, we own that customer free and clear. Record of longest of life from opt into purchase for me was seven years. Seven years! It's amazing that you tracked it that long. I was like, well, this guy, he came to spend 700 bucks. I'm like, where did this guy come from? I was like, 2005? Really? What have you been doing the last seven years? I mean, this isn't like, you know, this is about meeting women. Did you suddenly wake up and, I don't know, maybe a 12 year old kid and turned 19 and got the money and was ready to go? I don't know. Seven years! But that shows you, I paid for that lead back in 2005, took that long to pay out. It's a good return on investment that shows you the value of the list. John, who found that more recently that it makes more sense to buy a customer down than just opt in? That's one reason why I'm doing a lot of Amazon Kindle stuff and everything. It really depends on looking at your media and traffic. The hierarchy of media that I gave, that's why I like to play in the top half of that. Give me a Kindle opt in instead of a Facebook opt in, because I would much rather have buyers. There's other reasons for that too. If you look at having 100,000 opt-ins and emailing to them versus 10,000 buyers and opting in, it makes a big difference. So there's a gigantic amount of argument for buyers. Now, do you take the Kindle buyers for the same sequence? Yes. But I also emailed to them from J.E. Allness author that flags them, Dangerous New Kindle Book. So it's completely different and that thing gets about an 18% open rate every time I do it. So yeah, they're still going through it because them guys are buying. I mean, I look at all the other stuff. They're buying, but they got a little additional thing that I, whenever a new Kindle book comes out, I send it to them and that kicks the rankings up and brings me more buyers and everything, which is pretty cool. But yeah. All right. You must stay in front of them every single day with something new and interesting for them to be read, be entertained by, and eventually buy. You never know when a life event like a train in Russia will strike, putting them in a buying mood. If you're in front of them, they will buy from you. If not, they will buy from someone else. Well, this is particularly true in the dating market. This is true in everybody's market. There are always people that just aren't ready to buy right now. Okay. John, you said that, you said earlier that you have a way of turning every day where there is stories and the things that are interesting. You talk about how you do that, how you think about it. I just said that I want it, I want, when I tell a story like that, I want to use a lot of colorful language. Like when we went out and had cigars with Vince and Dagan and all that stuff, a simple cigar line. I could say, hey, I want to hang out with some dudes, I ate some steak, smoked some cigars. Really? All right, I can say. Here's what's going on. It's cold, it's in the middle of the sea, I was tired. I was hanging out with a few friends. So you get into it. You use language that evokes mind pictures. I went to this and said, we went in and we had Dagan's wife was with us and Dagan's friend Tony, his girlfriend was with us. And the cigar steward immediately saw that there were women there and he has an objection to overcome because women don't like cigars. And so what he had to do was he had a chocolate cigar that he brought out and he immediately addressed the objections and he explained this and he explained the three cuts. It's interesting and fascinating. And so it's in the details. It's a really good question, but it's in the details. And really if you want to know how to do this, just practice with your friends. Get on the phone and say, hey, I mean, you know, Ron, my buddy Ron Carruthers, we always got some crazy story that came up. So I get on the phone, I tell him a story and you get a particular rhythm about it. You find people laugh if they don't. So you get good at telling these stories, making the ordinary extraordinary by telling these stories and making the ordinary extraordinary. Like you get good at writing by writing. And so you just want to take whenever something happens and say, hey, how can I turn that into something compelling and extraordinary and you'll get better at it. It's just like an exercise. I think whites or something like that. So the more you do it, the better you get. Afternoon email formats very quickly. I like to send short postcard emails to drive them to a link. I'm going to have some samples of all these. Kim's got some handouts to pass out. This short pass classified email. Sometimes I send flagging emails for relevant products like recently dumped in what you're asked to come back to you. That's a very small segment of my list, but it flags those who just got dumped and who are in pain. By the way, that segment of the list will be different tomorrow than it is today. So sometimes I'll flag people overweight and out of track and the women you really want. Well, that flags a particular guy. Not going to be a big click through, but it could be very high response rate. So that's something that's very powerful. Where do you flag them in the nutrition sector? I use it in the subject line. Yeah, so it's a flagging headline. That's what it is. Oh, I get a lot of free stuff for subscribers only. Sometimes I'll send out an email, hey, a special subscriber is only. Since you guys have been so good to me, I got some free reports and audios. Just go here and download them. Nothing to buy. There's nothing to buy. And so they go buy some cool stuff. They say, hey, this guy John was really cool. He gave me some free stuff and it teaches them to click because I might have more free stuff for. So sometimes I'll change that up in the afternoon email, you know, they like that. Makes them feel special. Clicking on links. Oh, this is sometimes I'll do one that's like, this is a very offensive video. It's not for the faint of heart. You're not watching the office. So, oh, I got to see what this offensive video is all about. And some of those videos I've pretty offensive. So you've been warned. All right. But that one goes over very well because people want to see. Nobody wants to see completely uncontroversial boring video. I've never tried boring videos of subject line. I just don't think it's going to fill. I do an indirect pitch. Sometimes this is how I get into things that are off topic. So this is not directly about attraction. Instead it is about money getting. So tune in tomorrow if you're not interested in getting more money. But there's sometimes what I'll do is just say, however you should know there is an end. There is a direct link between money and attraction because women don't like guys that are broke. So if you don't want to be a broke guy, you better pay attention to this. So it gives them permission not to read, but then it brings them back in. Linkage. Linkage to the topic, fitness pitch. Women don't like porky guys. This gets you in shape. So I'm able to go sell fitness stuff. The guy, it's up to him in his mind to determine whether or not he feels porky. Stranget weird pitches. I like to do these on occasion. I use this for a Mike Geary Truth About Abs pitch. He has an article about the three veggies that cause you to burn fat. So the three veggies that cause women to be irresistibly attracted to you. What? Eat three vegetables and women will like me? What? You gotta go check it out. You gotta see what it is. There has to be a payoff. Meaning that the payoff is, is they click on that, it actually damn well better talk about three vegetables. Because if it goes there and there's no pitch for that, they're mad. And they feel like you've been betrayed. So it has to tie into the pitch, but in this place, it absolutely did. So now, here's the thing, and I guess the last slide here. So I'm going to make a point about this one because it's really important. I pitch a lot of other people's offers. A lot of other people's offers. They don't convert as well as everybody likes them to. And the reason is this, because I build reciprocity with them, particularly with the email frequency where I can do 3, 4, 5 emails a day. So when I want them to pitch something, I can call them up and say, hey, this is John. As you can see, if you go back and look at your ClickBack account for the last year or so, I've been pitching your product quite a bit. You ain't pitch mine. How about you do a pitch for me? So there's a lot of reciprocity built up, and I am incurring obligation. That's the neat thing about that too, is a nice little side benefit, is that if you're doing all these affiliate products and stuff, and you have a track record of all these sales because you're willing to email them every single day, multiple times, like nobody else is, when you call them up to send, one of the hierarchy meetings is pretty high, is blast to a list of affiliate partners, well, it's very hard for them to say no. I've had a couple that have said no, and it ain't been a very pleasant conversation after that, okay? Because the Godfather ain't calling to ask. He's calling to say, when you gonna pitch, all right? Now most of them, no one understand the Godfather, and listen, I don't call them if I haven't done anything for them. There is a substantial amount of evidence, and I'm calling them to do email for me. I'm gonna send you more stuff, so there's financial incentive. Rarely do they say no, but that's one of the biggest benefits of doing this attractive character in two emails a day stuff, is because you're able to incur reciprocity with people who can bring you customers, and when you can call them up and say, hey, this is the guy that sent you a couple hundred sales over the last few months or so, they're more than likely to take the call because they want you to continue that. So that's one of the other benefits of this whole attractive character in two, three, four, five emails a day thing, is the ability to get you new customers. So that's the end of the presentation. Kim, Dagan's wife has passed out these slides at Microsoft Word. If you go in the back, I have some sample emails. Afternoon, morning, you can go and read. My website's in there if you wanna go opt in and get on this stuff, all the information is in there. Read back over that. This is the stuff I've been doing since May 23rd of 2004 now. It is not 2004 anymore, so obviously there's been some longevity in there. You put in your 10,000 dollars. Yes, yes indeed. So anyways guys, thank you all. I'll be around the whole rest of the event. Come talk to me. Thank you.