Okay, so we got a lot to cover in the next, like, however long this goes, and so I think we're going to jump right into it. This is going to be a lot of fun. So I did a presentation like this a couple of years ago, and Dagen liked it, and we thought it would be kind of useful for all of you guys. It's kind of funny, my business, one of the things that I really focus on a lot, like, my favorite part of the business has always been, like, structure of sales process. Like, I'm such a nerd, like, that's my favorite thing is to look at my sales process and other people and all that kind of stuff, and so for years I really focused just on that, like, what's the front and what's the upsell of the down, so the back end, like, all this kind of stuff, and we just started doing all these really cool things, and so that was the presentation I gave a couple of years ago, and then in the last probably year or so we have become really good, not just at, like, conversion because of the funnel, but conversion based on all the little pieces that are happening inside the funnel. So this presentation is a tweak on, like, both things. We're going to show you guys kind of the entire sales process stuff that we do, and then also a whole bunch of landing page conversion tests and tweaks and just some cool stuff that Dagen and I have figured out over the last couple of years. Hopefully you guys will learn some cool stuff from them. So I'm going to walk through actually seven core steps in a typical sales process that I focus on. And a lot of you guys are obviously doing big numbers here, so I just hope that a lot of things may be stuff you're already doing. Some things hopefully will get different ideas or different ways to look at your processes. So step number one, I always look at this, I always call this the lifeline of a lead. So if a lead's coming into my business, like, what's the process that I'm taking them through? And most people normally start, when they start thinking about that, they start looking at their landing page, which that's not even until step number four in this process. So there's a lot of stuff that we do ahead of time before they ever get to any type of landing page. So step number one is the source, if you guys want to write that down, in the process. Now if you remember what we talked about yesterday, or I didn't talk yesterday, right? So two days ago when I was talking about copy stuff, when we were talking about warm traffic versus cold traffic, you guys remember what we were talking about? This is a really big deal, understanding kind of where your customers are coming from, because when you do, your entire funnel is different based on different ones. For example, we buy a lot of traffic from like, from Dagan in their agency, and with that traffic, typically that, the people on those lists are, have been exposed to internet marketing, right? They're not just a brand new cold person, like they know a little bit about internet marketing. So when we take that traffic, the process we're driving them through, so this is like, so there's hot traffic, right? There's warm, and there's cold, okay? Hot traffic's like my JV partners. Warm traffic's like solo ads, and cold's like, just lists or banners or other stuff like that, okay? So when we go hot traffic, we can push people to a webinar, and things like that, because the sales process is way easier, right? When I buy solo ads, I take them through a completely, they're warm traffic, so they know a little bit about internet marketing, but I don't typically just push those people to a webinar, because it's, it's, at least for me, it's too much of a jump to take someone from warm to, to that kind of experience. And so with solo ads, we drive people to like our dot com secrets X offer, which is very internet marketing related. It's talking about how to build a list, how, things like that, that they would understand the lingo kind of, and they're more likely to, to purchase and convert, okay? And that video converts awesome. Now when we go out and we buy cold traffic, it's, it's completely different, because cold traffic, by the end of this thing right here, we're talking about building a list and things like that. Most cold people have no idea what that means, right? If I went and talked to my mom about building a list, she would just be like, I don't know what you're talking about, okay? And so because of that, we have a different sequence and different path that we take somebody through if it's cold traffic. For example, the, the funnel that we have that works really, really good on cold traffic is we have a page and it says the, the whole hook is free website, okay? Because free website, my mom would be like, oh, free website, that makes a lot of sense to me, okay? That's why I kind of judge like, like, is something my mom would be like, understand or not? So we have free website. So if you look at this, that funnel, you come right here, it's, hey, get a free website, they fill a couple forms and I email them a link to the plug and profit site where they get the free website. And then on the next page, there's a video and this video, the, the job of this video is to turn somebody from cold to warm, okay? It's transitioning them through that process. So this video is probably, I don't know, three or four minutes long and it's me making this, bridging this gap between the cold and the warm. Saying, hey, you just got this free website, it's really, really awesome, but if you've ever seen the movie, filled the dreams, they talk about if you build it, they will come. You've got a website, but the reality is having websites is not going to make you money. The thing that makes you money is when people come to your website. Notice I didn't say traffic. My mom doesn't know what traffic is, okay? She thinks she's stuck behind a car. So the secret is you get people to come to your website. Now on the internet, we call people that come to your website, we call that traffic. Okay? And if you want to get traffic to your website, there's some secrets we have and then after you can do a website, there's this thing called the list. Now I didn't, you don't know what a list is yet, but it's really cool because if you have a big email list, you can make them with much money and I kind of explain. So I'm bridging these gaps that are taking them really quickly from cold to warm. And after they watch this three minute video where I bridge the gap, there's a little button here that says get a free coaching from Russell for a dollar and boom, it then takes them to the .comsecretsex sales video. That make sense? Okay? So before we ever get to any of the funnel stuff, you've got to understand that the first thing is the source of your traffic because the source of your traffic is going to affect where you're taking them to. That's why it drives me crazy when people are like, oh, my landing page converts at 16%. I'm like, what traffic source? For all traffic sources. Like you're lying or you don't test. You can tell very, very quickly because it's not the same. We have our diabetic supplement and every different source goes through a different funnel, different sequence because they all convert different. Someone who's in Google looking because their legs are hurting, I can send straight to our video and boom, they're going to buy. Someone who I find on Facebook who may have diabetes and also on Jumping Atom, I got to take them through a different process to convince them that they've got paid now. So that's just kind of the first thing. You've got dozens, probably a funnel, how do you get the way to keep track of it all? Keeping track of conversion lanes? What metric are you looking for? You set them up. You say you set up the different funnels differently. I'm wondering, you have to be way more creatively structured. For me, each one's on a different domain. So we just have you somewhere on a different domain. We set it up and then that source, we're driving to that thing and then our analytics and stuff that we're watching, we just kind of watch through that funnel. I'll start showing some testing stuff here in a minute, but we use Visual Website Optimizer to test and kind of see what the conversions are. It's almost like just a different product for each one we're going after. Is that kind of what you're looking for? I was thinking, do you kind of draw out what's the path for different people coming from different traffic sources? Yeah, when we're building out each page, we know, okay, because what I look for, because every business has different sources, that makes sense. We're in a lot of different niches and for example, couponing, there's no solo ad providers for couponing, okay? But Facebook is really huge. So I'm not going to build out a funnel for solo ads and couponing, but couponing, I know it's Facebook's the thing, so we're going to build a Facebook funnel. PPC's not going to work, SEO will work. We know the channels we work and then since we know that, then we sit down, okay, let's get in the mindset of that customer. Someone who's a searching customer, what are they looking for? And we look at our competitors with other people and look at their funnels. Sometimes, I don't know if I should admit this. We'll take our customers page and we'll just rip it off, we'll put it up and we'll drive traffic to just see if it converts. A lot of times, they have customers, Todd's laughing if he's the one that does all the magic for us. What's that? It's a customer for any competitors. Competitors, yeah. Yeah, we just rip off their whole site, put them on domain, drive traffic and see if it converts and then if it does, then we're like, okay, that's a good baseline for us to kind of model off of and then we'll, because a lot of times, you have no idea if their site's working or not, so you just copy and check it out. A lot of times, we'll have the order buttons pop up like, sorry, it's no longer available, but now we know how many clicks were happening and we have a really good idea before we go and focus a bunch of time. Does that make sense? Yeah. Cool. Yeah, then we build a whole sequence, start driving it and then after we start driving it out, there's all the fun testing and tweaking and stuff that happens at every step along the line. Okay, so that's the first thing is the source. It's really understanding that before you get started because so many people come in and they're like, hey, I need a squeeze page and that's where they're starting, but it's got to start before that because it changes. Okay, second thing, now after you've got the source, then you're coming down and you start working on the actual ad. That's step number two. Is the elmo working? It should be. Cool. Who here has seen our newsletter? We started publishing? Yeah, we got a box of them. We're going to give you guys all a free copy after this presentation. So you can see all these tests I'm going to be showing you guys, but the next thing we start focusing on is actually our testing stuff, actually the ad. And the ad, you can learn so much from the actual ad that will drive the rest of the whole thing. So here we've got source, then we transition over to ad. Now with the ad, for example, this one test here, who here advertises on Archimax? Clearly. A couple of you guys. So we were doing an ad in Archimax, it went out to 1.1 million people. And right before we sent it out, we sent them the swipe copy we wanted them to send out. And Brent sent it over to them and afterwards they said, the elmo back, like, hey, do you want to test any headlines or subject lines? We're like, oh, that'd be kind of cool. Like, that'd be, like I never thought about that. So we'll sit down and I wrote four different subject lines really quick and we sent it out. It went out to 1.1 million people and really quickly we got some awesome data coming back on what our customers were actually looking for. Now this was a cold traffic offer, so it was going to the free website offer. And these are the four subject lines. I want you guys to guess which one was the winner, winner, chicken dinner. Okay, subject line number one, so congrats, your free website is ready. Subject line number two, get five checks each month, free website. Subject line number three, just checking, did you get your free website? And subject line number four, your free website valued at $2079. Why don't we put one of these up here so they can see it? We'll see, it's kind of small. Not yet, because then you guys have been reading and not focusing. Yeah, it is kind of small. Okay, I'm going to say it again real quick. So who thinks number one, congrats, your free website is ready. Okay, number two, get five checks each month, free website. Open, click, end sales. Yep. That was the subject. Okay, number three, just checking, did you get your free website? Number four, your free website valued at $2079. Okay, that one. All right, so the winner was actually get five checks each month, free website. Dramatically, you can see the staff's side here, she'll go open, click through, that kind of stuff. All you had to do was ask me, I could have told you that. I know the first time I did this on a webinar, Diggs, I got the winner and he was right. So he knew it, he would have saved you some money. Okay, now this is what's cool, we learned so much from this, okay? So the first thing we found out, that was the button that got him to open it. That was the message, right? Get five checks each month, free website. So when you start testing your ads, it starts giving you the data for the entire rest of the funnel. I'm gonna show you how it works. So the next thing we did is we started sending out our email and just throw it at you, Marker. I'm gonna switch this one's dying. Okay, so, it starts sending the email and typically our email would be like blah, blah, and then click here, blah, blah, blah, click here, blah, blah, click here, right? And that's how it typically is, or it's like here's your long tracking link. So next thing we tested, we said, well look, we know these guys are, that's the subject line that they want. I heard someone tell me one time that they took the subject line of their email and they started, they replaced the links instead of click here in their tracking link, they made that those actual words, because they're hypothesis, however you say it, was hey, that's what's getting them open, that's what's gonna get them to click. And so next thing we did was replace all the links in the email with the exact word for word verbatim what the subject line was. We put that inside the email and those were the clickable links and our click through rate shot up, I don't know if we have the exact numbers here or not. That is awesome. That's really, that's huge. Yeah, thanks, Tillman. Now it did, it did, it did, it did extremely counterintuitive. Like, you really want to say the same thing you said in the subject line of the email? Like, come on. I don't understand it. Yes, it is. And you already got one action that's great. Yeah, awesome. It dramatically shot up our click through rates. Amazing. Then I started looking at that and I looked at the landing page and the landing page they came to said actually something similar to one of the other headlines. I'm like, well crap, we know what opened it, we know what got him to click, what if we changed the headline to the exact same thing as this and we changed the headline right here on the landing page, same thing, big increase in response. Okay. You guys see, that's the power of why your ads are so important. Like, these little tests you find, you tweak everything out throughout the whole funnel and all of a sudden your funnel goes from making this much, one little tweak all of a sudden, boom, just, it's such a huge impact. So anyway, when you guys get the newsletter here, there's a bunch of other ad tests we've got. This one Justin Brooks submitted and this was a cool one I thought. They had banner ads. One that's like a typical banner ad. You can kind of see it right there. The white one and they did the inverse. And I don't know about you guys but for the last, as long as I've been on the internet, everyone's told me like, you never, ever, ever do black things with white. But Justin had a thing, he's like, look at the newspaper and you flip through it. The one that pops out to you is the black one. So he's like, I'm going to test the banner out that way. And that one had a 41% increase in click through rates. Can I throw one thing into the newsletter stuff? So the two things that matter, because we tested clearly a bunch of stuff with newsletters and email marketing, it's tellment, congruency and curiosity. Those are the only two things that matter. So the higher the curiosity in the subject line, the more opens and the more congruency through that path, the more opt-ins. The other thing is, one tweak that we made that almost double traffic, or I think it did double traffic, is if you get the opportunity when you do like a newsletter ad, ask to change the from line. If you can change the from line from what people are used to, again, you're just creating more curiosity. And when we've tested this with newsletters, it'll typically get you about twice as much traffic. Do you want me to go through the landing page, the other stuff? Yeah, I think we're ready there. What were you saying to change the from line to? Just anything. So if they're getting emails from Archimax and they see like Archimax business digest, if you can change it to like, what DC dot com secrets Xlabs or whatever you want. Customer support works really good. Things that I think is coming from an official something work really good. When we used to play in a dirtier game of email marketing, we would use women's name a lot and women's had higher click through rates and much lower spam complaint rates. So Lexi was my spammer name. I think it's that higher click through rate, lower spam. Using, well this is like when we were doing massive bulk mail, using female names, worked better than male names. People get angrier at men than women. Is that still the case? I would know I stopped spamming long ago. That's why I was so confused. I'm sure it is. Lexi's my spammer name. So if you got an email from Lexi, that's for me. Just kidding. Anyway, I don't play that game. It's no fun. Okay, so yeah, do you want to talk about evolution? So the next step after, so you got source, then you've got, oh excuse me, I got one more step, one more step, then you're ready. Okay, then the next step after you got their ad, and this one is such a key. Step number three is the pre-frame. And guys like Greg, Davis, I don't know if he's in here or not. He's a master of this kind of stuff. When I just kind of talk about what this is, so when I first got into internet marketing, I remember Mark Joyner was the first person I bought something from. Tillman and me had come from school of Mark Joyner. And I remember listening to CDs all the time, like learning all this stuff. And one of the things he told me, and at the time I thought it was stupid, I didn't even like pay attention to it. And like finally, eight years later, I'm like, oh, that Mark Joyner is really smart. So he did this whole process, he said, not all clicks are created equal. He said, for example, if you come to a website and there's a big banner ad that says Russell Brunson is a scam artist, he stole stuff from me. Everything he's ever said has lost me money. He's ugly, I hope he dies. Click here to see his new product. Versus someone who comes to your page and says Russell Brunson changed my life. He's the greatest person ever. Everything he says makes me money. He speaks gold. Click here to see his new product. Like the same person comes to that ad, which one's going to buy more? Okay, obviously very simple. I'm like, well, the Mark, anyway, this is my naive 22 year old Russell and didn't really think much about it. And then a little while later, I was reading a book called Sway. Anyone here read the book Sway? Really good book. Only one person's read it. One of the case studies they talked about in Sway was they did this experiment. They went to a college classroom and had like 900 people in it. And the college professor wasn't there, so they brought in a substitute. And before the substitute came in, the person came in and said, hey, we got this new teacher. And we want you to, before he comes in, we want to introduce you to him. So we wrote out his bio here on his paper. Everyone read the bio and then he's going to come in and teach the class. And so they hand out this bio and the bios looked exactly the same. In fact, they were the same except for one word was different. One of the bios said, Mr. So-and-So is a very warm teacher. The other one said, Mr. So-and-So is a very cold teacher. They sent it out, everyone read the bio, they handed the papers back in and they knew who had which papers. The dude comes in, gives the whole lecture, leaves the class and before they leave, they survey everyone like, hey, what'd you think about Mr. So-and-So? And they looked at it and it was interesting. The people who, the paper said that he was a very cold teacher. They all said, well, he really, he was kind of dismissive of my questions. He talked down to me. I didn't think he was very empathetic and I don't think he really understood the subject very well. And then the other people who said he was a very warm teacher were like, oh man, he was amazing. He really resonated with me and the way that he talked, I was able to grasp, but he said, way better than any other teacher I've had in the past. And the only difference was that one word, the pre-frame. What's interesting is, everything, we're going to talk about conversion-wise is important, but I think one of the most important things is that frame that you send somebody through. You can manipulate that frame and do some amazing things with it. For example, if you look offline, issue number two that's going to printers this weekend, we have this really cool test we did with a postcard versus a tear sheet. The postcard comes out and it looks like an ad, right? Versus a tear sheet, you guys are familiar with what a tear sheet is? Looks like it was ripped out of a magazine. And the tear sheet just thrashed the postcard. Very similar copy, similar offer, but because the frame someone was looking at was like, oh, this is this news article thing and this has got to be legit because it's awesome. Because that frame that they were sent through just completely changed the entire experience. Very interesting. You hire a company that prints your ad on a sheet, they rip, I don't know how they print them, it looks like it's ripped out of a newsletter, they fold them up. If you go to Bill's events, the old events, you would learn that. It's awesome. Anyway, so we started with tear sheets and they're thrashing. Right now we're doing a postcard campaign for our supplement and we're about to test a tear sheet with that and I'm sure the tear sheet is going to beat the postcard. DC Fawcett, if he hasn't had a DC, he does a lot of cool direct mail tests and he always does three versions. There's a big postcard, small postcard and tear sheet. Every time it is a mailing and the tear sheet always wins. He's like, always do it just in case, but the tear sheet always wins every single time because it's the frame that you're taking someone through. The email we talked about before, the email is the frame you're sending somebody through. Online, you look like what Greg does. Greg sends them, maybe, he's kind of a ninja, you don't really know what he's doing, but I think what he does, he sends them through one of the news sites. He creates a site that looks kind of like a news site, right? Kind of looks like a tear sheet. You come to these things, all of a sudden you read this thing and it's awesome and then you go to the next page. Every source comes back to this, every source you have you're going to drive through a different place, but for us right now, with our banner ads, we're driving banner ads, typically banner ads are on news sites, right? All over news sites. If you go from a news site directly into your squeeze page, there's such a big incongruency, like that frame is like, whoa, what the crap did I stumble upon? It's horrible. We never make those numbers work. But when you come from a news site, they click on it and boom, also there's a review article news looking site that reviews your product and then from there they push to go purchase the product. The conversion is just dramatically shoot up. The other thing we're finding, which is interesting, is you can sell two products really, really effectively through a middle page like that. Did you do that, Greg? Did you just sell two stuff? Two products on the middle page? Yeah. Yeah. So you can sell more products. What we usually do is with our diabetic cream, it's like step number one, you buy the supplement, step number two, you buy this cream and now we're selling twice as much stuff, just sending through the same funnel. Now with other things, if I buy a solo ad to a fake news or to a news looking site, it doesn't work as well. It's just, every source is different. That's why you got to track source by source. The pre-frame is such a big part of it. A couple other pre-frames to think about. Yep, exactly. So it's that bridging thing between the ad or between your ad, wherever your ad is in this and bridging that gap. The other kind of cool pre-frames that you can do is like, for example, I had a friend who had this skin cream. It was a cream for women that allowed them to experience certain parts of your life better. I'll leave it there. So they had this landing page and the landing page was all focused on women. They were driving, traveling, they're doing really well with it. They're doing like a thousand bucks a day or something on this cream. And anyway, and then one day my buddy was walking out of his office and he heard his secretary on the phone trying to explain to the caller how this whole thing worked. And he started listening to his calling. He's like, that's not a woman he's talking to. That's a man. And so after she hangs up and in any way he asked her, how many men call versus women? They're like, well, it's all men calling. They're all confused and they have a bunch of questions. And so he's like, I wonder who's buying our product? And so they set up just a really simple landing page. They drove all their traffic to page first and just said, hey, are you a man or are you a woman? And then if you're a man, you got a version that's like explaining to men why you need this cream for your significant other. And if you're a woman, here's why this is really cool. They added that thing in there and they found out that 75% of their traffic were men trying to buy it for a spouse. They're income went from $1,000 a day, like $6,000 a day on this one campaign and just blew up overnight. Because a lot of times the frame we're taking someone through, we're just screwing the whole thing up. We're taking them to the wrong person and they're confused. Same thing I was talking about two days ago about entrepreneurs and about pleasure and pain. People either make their decisions towards pleasure or away from pain. And us as entrepreneurs, typically we make our decisions moving towards pleasure, but the rest of the world doesn't. The rest of the world makes their decisions moving away from pain. And so we a lot of times will have a landing page that addresses that like, hey, are you looking to quit your job, you're looking to try to make a million bucks? Like what are you looking for? And then after we know that, we take them to different paths. Does that make sense? Because the person who wants to make a million dollars, you sell to that person differently than someone who wants to fire their boss. Pleasure and pain. So every business has that. So we start looking at this pre-framing stuff, just start thinking about that, about in my segmenting men and women, is it pleasure and pain? Is it where do I want to drive that person? You can start to find some really interesting stuff. Have you ever tried a three or four question survey so that you're familiarized with what you're saying that's somewhere different based on? These type of surveys how we do most of that kind of stuff. Yeah. Works really, really good. So after your pre-frame, then you come to the landing page. And I'm going to hand this off to Dagen because this is... Well, I can't do the whole thing. So there's a period of time, and let me first say, in terms of the landing page, I don't know where I should stand for this. In terms of the landing page, this is my landing page, and it's been split tested a whole, whole, whole lot, specifically with fixed cost media. So things like newsletter advertising, banner advertising, things like this. And so it's important to know that because with fixed cost media, your objective, because you're spending X dollars to get Y results, is to get as much out of that ad spend as possible. So the purpose of this landing page is to get as many leads as possible. Now, I've done in the past a presentation that called the Evolution of a Leap Capture page because a lot of times when we see a landing page, we take it as like, that's just what it is. But if I was to go back to previous versions of this, it was significantly different. I'll just give you guys a few of the biggest insights that I had. Number one, gray as a background crushed everything else like really quickly. So just a gray background like this, the less you put on the page, the better. I tested a couple of times things like testimonials and, you know, that, like this isn't even that significant. Sometimes it'll split test this and it'll win. Sometimes it'll split test it and it'll lose. It's just there right now because it's winning right now. But in general, the less you have on this page, the better. Let me just sum it up as this. What I found is that when your prospects come to your landing page, the less you have there, the better. The best way for the best analogy that I can use to describe that is if in a cold traffic fix cost media setting, if you can think about your prospects as like a thirsty deer, this is really what your prospects are. This is how they're acting when they get your landing page. If a thirsty deer is out in the forest and it can see that there's like a pond within a walking distance, the first thing it does is it doesn't just run over. It looks around, all of its surroundings, and only if things are safe. There's nothing even slightly weird does it proceed forward. With our landing page, the whole purpose of how this is structured is to be as cool, calm, and just no weirdness as possible. The only thing that's highlighted is the headline. That's like if we want to go back to the analogy of a thirsty deer, how thirsty he is. The more thirsty that deer is, the more likely they are to take the action. The more curiosity you can infuse into your sub- and your headline on the landing page, the more opt-ins you're going to get. Just that analogy, when they get to the landing page, they're like a thirsty deer. They won't move unless everything's super calm. When you look at the elements of step one, step two, step three, micro-commitment, how did you hear about us? These are all things we put in place that boosted opt-ins significantly, and it's within that thought process. What's safer? Just putting your name and email address in, or checking a little box, knowing that you're at step one. You can see where you're going. Getting to putting your information in. Clicking and knowing that you have one final step, and clicking yes. Here's a cool thing. This little line right here, we added that as a split test, and that bump conversions by about 11%. You're going to love it. That's not positive anticipation. Graham, my tech guy, got that from watching the Apple CEO that died. Steve Jobs. Whenever he does a presentation, he's like, you're going to love it. You're going to love this new thing. He decided to just throw that in there, and little things like that. Just that little positive, oh, this is going to be good on the other end. Got us another about 11% opt-in. Again, the emphasis and the point of this is that the less you can have on the page, the more calm and safe feeling you can make the process, the higher the conversion rates. Yes, sir? He's saying they already opted in, so where the 11% is not increasing opt-ins. Yeah. Yeah, I'm pretty sure. For my page, maximum-leverage.com. What you've proven here with this third one is you're going to get what you said you were going to get, right? Yeah. It's just giving them a safe path. If you can see where you've got to go, you're more likely to walk that path. If we break step one, step two, step three, I'm getting somewhere, and once you get the momentum going, you're more likely to complete it. If it said two steps, it might be more intimidating, and if they didn't have this button on step three and it just went right to a BSL or something like that, this sets it up as so far you've done what the thing said to do, you've gotten what you expected, and I haven't tried to rush you or force you anywhere. I think it's a good commitment. The group's trust, yeah. For me, it was just like, how can we make this feel safer? It just came from that. I don't think anyone's going to enter their email address. Step two is just a regular opt-in. Then you just get them to do another one. In mine, we just opt-in after the first one, so we don't have a set. Our step three is just a sales video. He's been split testing this a bit too since... From the two to the three steps? I want to show you guys just to kind of... He'll jump in and talk a couple of things. Let me re-done, I'll show a couple of other cool things on this screen. This converts good. This process converts really well. How can we see step two? Oh, you want me to go back to that? ADD guys, ADD. We'll change where do you find this stuff, how do you hear about us? I got a next demo one. The options on the first page, they make a difference. What over on there? I got some cool tests on that. Can you go back to that page and I'll show us some of the stuff? We took Dagan's control and we've been playing with it. We found some cool, cool, cool stuff. It illustrates some really interesting things about framing and stuff that we talked about before. When we first started getting this page, the first was step three, so step three, get access now. The original one said step three, finish. Step one, two, three, finish. Todd decided to test finish versus get access now. He's doing the test and at first I was about to go to work out. He's like, dude, we got a really cool test result back. The finished version was getting like a 16% increase opt-in rate. So I'm like, dude, that's awesome. I'm like, hey, kill the other one because that's a lot of more people for us. Then he starts doing all the analytics stuff, looking at it and he's like, wait a minute. The finish actually increased opt-in by 16% but it decreased our sales on the next page by 50%. We started thinking, what's the psychology behind that? I think a lot of it has to... It's one little crazy word but it's all about pre-framing. The frame of finish is like, sweet, I'm done. It's over. The pre-frame of get access now is like, okay, cool, what's on the next page? So a couple other cool tests for this page. One thing we did is, see this is TV, Dan Kennedy, email newsletter and other. It used to have just four options, like Tony Robbins in there or whatever. Another test Todd decided to throw in there, he changed it to the last one was other because he's like, a lot of people come and if they didn't come from those four sources, they're kind of like, I don't know what to do. So Todd changed it to other. This is the one that had the biggest impact, right? 188% lift by adding other instead of whatever the other name was there. Is that crazy? Okay, so that was a big one. Other is a choice. But other first or other last? Other last. Okay. A couple other crazy cool tests we're doing now. These ones that Todd just barely set up, I don't know if we have enough data on all of them. One of them we're doing now is the affiliate who promotes it. We plug his name in as the number one option. Yeah. What's the way we've seen a lift on that, do you know what it is yet? Yeah, it's like 34 something. When you pull the affiliates name in there as who was the person they heard from. Another one that we don't sneak. I dig it. This other one's really crazy. So this one, I don't, I want to like think about it more to figure it out. But we put in like all these like asking on TV things down here and we had the options and TV was not one of the options. At first it was losing really bad. But then when having the TV things where the TV was one of the, was the option at the top, it actually increased it. So if TV was an option and they saw TV logos underneath it, it increased it. But if TV wasn't an option and TV logo was down, it decreased it. So again, it's kind of weird psychology, but anyway, kind of interesting. And then the other big thing we had is our initial one we had around numbers like how to get a, how to build a list of a thousand people a week or something like that. And when we changed it from a thousand to like an odd number like 1,100, 226 had another huge, huge increase. So just a couple little things like just on that, from those four or five tweaks, we increased the conversion for us by over like 560%. It was like just this crazy thing. We're now getting five times as many options for the exact same sources of traffic. So Hey, the graphic tells me on TV I'm not going to have to take that. Trickle. I'm just curious if you heard about me on TV. It's implied credibility stuff. So, and Dagen's, our test run out, so if you've seen our 20 minute payday thing we rolled out earlier this week with this really cool ninja looking page, it's black, it's got this watch flying on the side, it's got a logo, it's got a video, and it's like how to hear about us, and it's got the options. And we have that and we have this version, which I was so proud of the other version. It looks so awesome. Like I felt like a ninja when the site was done. And then this one, and we started the testing, and I was like praying every single day that my cool ninja looking one would win, but this one just keeps thrashing it. And the other thing that's interesting is the version with the video keeps losing to the version with just a headline. My biggest takeaway from this whole thing is like all you need is a headline. You don't want to stop them. It just needs to be congruency. They need to be, they need to see the headline in the email or in the banner, click, get to the place where they can go, okay, this looks right, and then know that they're on the way. If you stop them, they have to watch something. They're less likely to continue. So they've got the momentum, just carry them through. That's why this works. And he's dead right about curiosity thing too. Every other headline we tested was some good ones I wrote that were awesome. The curiosity ones were way better. I can show them like most the best ones. So this is my favorite headline that I've ever created for someone. So breaking news, disgusting drug addict and filthy homeless hippie find $2 million and give it all the way to people just like you. You want to become a cash recipient? Watch and follow instructions. Who here is curious about that? That got like a 70 plus 72 something weird like that percent opt in rate. Of cold, right? Yeah, from newsletter marketing traffic. What's the funeral effort? This one. Which one are you guys disgusting drug addicts? Not me. I did this for clients. These are not. Just the more newsworthy you can make it, you know. How my man moves made me rich. Revealed. How my man moves make rich. Cool. That wouldn't do that well. I still like it. It might do well. It might have to be the salesman. You have the same rare. This is just the landing page I did for a client. So I'm not sure what happened after. But you know what I mean? This is before I had the whole microcontinuity. So like the evolution. This is what it looked like before that. This landing page works for a lot of types of traffic. All traffic sources we have doesn't work though. So it's always again, it's a source by source type thing and you got to test every one of them. Fixed costs. Whoa, sorry. I can find one fast. I just for our supplements. If you guys want that URL. Let's see if I can find one real quick. Bill wants to see a pre-frame page. I can find one real quick for one of our supplements. Something I did test that I didn't bring up that was kind of cool. We did a test where we had this, just the dotted red line. Or excuse me, not that. Where we had the Johnson box but not the big yellow button. Just a regular button. Decreased conversions compared to not having the Johnson box. We did a test where we had the big yellow button without the Johnson box. And that one decreased conversions from control. But when we added the two together, the Johnson box and the big yellow button, we got like an 8% increase. So sometimes you know like combining a few things that don't work, turn into something that do work for some weird reason. What? Get over on the page. The way your code is set up, it's obviously pre-loaded step 2 and step 3. So there's no delay when you hit the button. That's cool. That's going to be key right there. There's like even a one second delay when they hit access and then to email. You have to load a new page that would kill conversions I think. Maybe. Yeah, Graham. But then it's just like, especially something like that. You break from the problem. I'm not the tech guy that deep in the game. So that just makes me feel good that Graham on our team is taking care of things. Here's an example of a pre-sell page. It's just like the diabetic news network, which is my domain. We have a video from someone else on news talking about a product similar to ours, but it's not ours. And this is actually our testimonial. Boom. Step 1, buy the supplement. Step 2, buy the cream. So. Oh yeah, tons of them. For some, for some traffic sources, not all of them. For banner ads and stuff like that, yeah, we pushed it here. Yeah. What's that? Diabetic, I don't know. It's a long one. Diabeticnews.info. This whole site, the only purpose of the site is this page. The rest is just a blog, so it looks like we're a real diabetic news site. That's the only purpose. Anyway. Okay, so that's Lanny Page stuff. Now, in my world, all I think about is the goal of Lanny Page is to take all the traffic we're driving and figure out of all these people who is actually willing to trade their email address in exchange for information. That's my first goal, to identify my subscribers. Now my second goal, soon as some ops in, my only thing I care about is identifying now who are my buyers. Okay? If you guys have studied Dan Cannon, you're Bill Glazer, like the whole concept of a buyer is a buyer is a buyer. So I want to find out as quick as possible who, of all this traffic that is drove, who's willing to pull a credit card out of their wallet and vote with their credit card that they want more stuff. If the person who's willing to pull a credit card out, I know that person's a buyer and we're going to change our whole marketing strategy towards that person, but we've got to find out who those people are really, really quick. So the next step here is to qualify our buyers. I lost the black marker. Qualify buyers. Okay? I was up there. So for me, what I'm always looking for is I always, as soon as I have an opt in page, I always lead to like a low ticket thing, because I'm not trying to make money here, I'm just trying to find out who my buyers are. That's my only goal. I want to find out who those people are. That's why most of my offers are usually all these dollar trials or something that just gives them to pull a credit card out. Invisible funnels work well because they've got to pull a credit card out. Okay? That's my whole goal is to qualify who my buyers are. Now on our pages that we sell this stuff, there's a whole bunch of just crazy cool testing that we've been doing that still surprises me. So one of them is, we usually have a video sales letter, video sales letter to a dollar trial. Now, one thing we've been testing, when I first got, when people started doing video sales letters, I remember the big psychology behind it was like, have a video play and as soon as you mention price the very first time, then have the order button pop up, right? And so blindly for years, we just did that every single time and I assume that was the best way. A little while ago, we decided to test that on a dollar trial offer and having it, having it delayed till the price explainer is having it open immediately and so far on everyone of us tests, having it open immediately has thrashed it. Okay? I thought, well maybe that's just dollar trials and so then we started doing, we also tested our upsell flow, upsell flow having it hidden and then price reveal and our upsell is between a $79 and a $217 offer and every single time that we delayed it and then showed it, it decreased conversions dramatically. We've now tried this on probably seven or eight different pages. I've yet to ever have hiding the order button and tell the price reveal ever when ever. Yeah? I agree. Are you watching us or are you watching Seinfeld right now? I'm just... It's a different scenario than this where you call trapping. The video sales page is saying, let's say it's three ways to tell if you're ex secretly wants you back. So let's say that's what it is, we're an ex backfire. Then imagine if one of your affiliates has mailed to that page saying, hey look, I've just found this awesome video which teaches you three ways to tell your ex wants you back. Go check it out if you ever look at this. Then the pre-claimed it is that there's nothing to buy but not even thinking along those lines. So usually, almost every time if you don't show the ad to cart until the very moment, then usually back will delay the ad to cart. But the way you brought the traffic, it's a totally different scenario so I can see why that would happen. The reason why I say that, because I agree it's going to be market to market, I agree with you with things, there's something to test. Key thing is test for your sources because I can't tell you how many years we blindly just followed that as that's the rule, we need to follow that. As soon as we test it, so far in every source we've tried it on, this is one. So the thing is you guys are going to sell this presentation to someone selling you and you're like three minutes and you're like sweet, I'm in, I want it. They keep selling you, they keep selling you. They're like 15 minutes later, you're like never mind, dude, I'm out. I think that happens a lot of times as we keep selling and selling and people ready to buy earlier in the process, I don't think they click on it fast, but they're clicking on when they're ready type thing. So that's my thought process. We've always tested that, like ever since that idea came out and it's funny, it was always hitting me, it's most of the time two years ago it was so used to work, but I found like you, lately, last year, 99% of the time, there's something in that industry that's in stand, they know they're going to be sold anyway, there's some psychology in that that it's shifted. And you're testing it for like five minutes, ten minutes, or a long time in the S.L. Yep, testing different voices. Okay, I thought so, but like I said, we had an offer that's $76 to $200 offered, same thing, showing it immediately helps. So again, tested on everything you're doing because you have no idea. Couple other really cool ninja things we found, they've now become like our standard practices because they work. One of them is down below, like underneath everything we usually have a section that has testimonials down here. And what's cool about this is initially, we just like, we're kind of lazy, we got like little like avatar pictures and then our actual testimonials from customers and had it down there and Todd was like, that thing is so ugly, let's like change it. Like, do you have the, like, let's put pictures in there or something. I'm like, well, all these testimonials came from Facebook, so I just, we grabbed like the screenshots from on Facebook, gave it to him and he just posted the actual Facebook pictures in here and it thrashed the other, like crazy, crazy, crazy beat it. And we found, and every other thing we've done, we start putting testimonials that look like Facebook and because they look like they came from Facebook, the psychology is that if it's on Facebook, it's true, right? That's what all of our customers think. And so all of our testimonials now look like they came from Facebook and dramatically show up everything. We showed that test to Brad Callan. Brad Callan's got a weight loss offer that's, he's number one in Clickbank right now, he's been killing it for like four or five years. He's split-tested every single element, it's paid a million times over, he's rewritten it in the sales video like five or six times. We gave him that one test, he tweaked it in there, just changing the look of his testimonials from whatever to Facebook testimonials. He ran it over the weekend, he had 36% increase in conversions, Click to sale. And what, the coolest thing about it is that he said that's the biggest increase he's ever had without changing the actual sales video, just by changing the testimonials to actual Facebook testimonials. In fact, that's our next test for our landing page, just try that below. I'm annoyed if it'll... Not gonna work. I'm gonna test it. It's not gonna work. So, do you go to webinar? I've tested this, but a different application. If you grab screen jobs off go to webinar, like at the end of the webinar you say, like, well, you know, how'd you guys like this? Give me a testimony or whatever, you just grab them off there, you highlight them and put them on your page or whatever. That's cool. Have you guys tested like the video stuff yet on the order form? No, haven't. Try that. So, I'll show you guys one of my pages, so see here. Before we order form, I have one more thing that we'll go to order form. Is that cool? Oh, I thought that's what you're doing. I'm almost there. So, one of the other things we tested, that's one hands down every single time, I call the video spoiler box. Have you guys seen it before, where underneath the video is a block that says, in this presentation, you're gonna learn and it's like right here and there's a block that says, and there's a little image here, image here, image here, image here, you're gonna learn this, this, this, this. I call the video spoiler box and it tells you what's gonna be on the video. It's right underneath the sales video. Anyway, I don't know if I have the numbers in here. Let's see if I do. Consistently every single time, 73% increase in conversion on the landing page. Click to sell. 73% increase. Do you want to see one of them? Yeah, let's see. We have it on all of them now, because it just consistently every single time works. I can't tell if I'm typing this right. Okay so there's our sales video. Boom. In today's free presentation, and there's the little spoiler box. Dot com, secrets labs dot com. The button, it should be appearing here. Down here check out, there's our Facebook testimonials. There's Brad Fallon, Mark Call, Shoemaker. Oh I thought you were talking about those on the order form page. You were just talking about them there. It's on the actual underneath the video. The other ones, yeah, this one my designer kind of screwed up. So here's another one. Hold on, let me show you a better, oh, whose list is this? Let me just show you, so this one. So you see we're testing these down here right now with the, is that winning? I'm curious. If the TV is, if it says TV. Oh if the TV is on there. So there's another one, and this one, these ones are actually just cut straight from Facebook. This is the one that initial test came on for us. These ones you can't, that's screenshot from Facebook. It's not meant to trick people that it's actually a Facebook comment thing. So here's an example, like the order button here, so you click on that and then the order form opens right underneath it. It's a secure page. Yeah. Todd's image. Which one? This one? This one right here? The opt-in? I do want to play it. I just pause it right now. Yeah. This page? Yeah, the one before that. Oh, we're actually opted in? Yeah, yeah. These x.dot.com, stickers.com, slash new. Are you, is your example here and the buck you got from the spoiler box or from the test one? Each one was independent. So the spoiler box, if you get the newsletter you'll see it. So spoiler box increased, 73% increased spoiler box. Testimonial increased 96%. No, wait, that's the wrong one. 296% increase of the Facebook testimonials on that landing page you saw. 296% increase Facebook testimonials, another 73%. Since Todd started testing this funnel, we've increased, from the front end we've increased over 600% opt-in rate and on just this landing page, without me touching the video, we're probably at what, 400 or 500% increase in actual sales on landing page. And that's without me touching the video at all. So if you're looking at what to test, making your video sales as good as you possibly can is good and then I think you just leave it away and just work on everything else because it's so much easier to get a 297% increase by adding Facebook testimonials and rewriting your headline and your intro and you're figuring out how to close it better. Like if it's doing pretty good, focus on all the other stuff around the video. We use Visual Website Optimizer, it gives you their guess and then Todd kind of runs it and tells you he feels comfortable because he's awesome. That's basically the thing. Yeah? How does this, at which point in this process, could be the visible funnel? See the visible funnel could be this far right here. Sometimes it is, sometimes it isn't. We actually qualify them as buyer. You mean just through the traffic source? Making sure they pull out a credit card to put in their $0 order for the invisible funnel or the dollar trial. I want them to pull a credit card out of their wallet and type it in. That's how I qualify them as an actual buyer. Can you watch the order form stuff? I got a couple order form things too before I move on to the next one. I can also show the co-reg stuff. Yeah, you want it? Yeah, all right. So everything you guys try to do is off. He was the most sophisticated market you could say you sell to him. I don't think there's any sophisticated markets. Have you met a customer that's sophisticated in any market? I'm just kidding. I'm just saying that on tape. Okay, so one person and then two. I would love to go head to head with Mindvalley. I would love it. I told Vishen, I threw it down. I said I want to take your page versus my page and see who wins. I bet you $50 I can beat him. Right, right, but that's, it doesn't, it doesn't, a lot of that is depending on what you're selling. I got it. Okay, you're thinking cold traffic, warm traffic. So we talked about this cold traffic and warm traffic. After someone's on your list, I don't send some of my lists to that kind of a page because they've already on my list. I'm going to sell to that person in a different way. Things are different when they're your warm traffic. Like T.J. was talking about, he sent any offers, warm lists, and it makes sense. I think what Mindvalley does, they've got, they build a following first through their social media and then they send it to pages. They have a warm audience, they're sending to places, but if they're going to go straight, cold heart, kinda. Because they're generating leads through social media, so they're building this rapport ahead of time and then sending it somewhere versus buying an ad, clicking, I don't know. I would love to go head to head with them someday. Anyway. They're like, mind this people, they say that's why they sell different, they can't send it to you. I don't know how to do PPC, so that helps. I don't know how to do PPC. Let's see if this works. PPC may be different. I have no idea. I've never done PPC. Cool. All right. So one of the things that I started to test in my funnel is I just wanted to see if I could make my leads freer at a profit. And there's after we were talking one time, always talking to you, you're full of good ideas. Right? And he shared some of the co-op lead stuff he was doing in his business. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was like, I like that idea. So what I did is I created basically a co-retch path. When someone opts into my list, I can share that lead with one to five people or more if I really want to. We never really do more than three, just to defray our own lead costs for the most part. So if I sell a lead for $1.50 or $2.00 and I sell it three times at six bucks before I converted anything in my own business. So this page comes before my actual offer. And all this video right here does is it like pre-frames. Hey, you're on the most awesome newsletter ever. People like, they love it. Look at it in video testimonials. People saying they love the newsletter and all this stuff. And also pre-frames these newsletters, the people that are purchasing traffic from me, or purchasing leads from me, so that they're viewed in the same light. And you've got these three bonus newsletters that are just as good as mine. So just to create that continuity. The whole point here is, what I didn't expect is when I did this, I thought that conversions would be drastically decreased, but they're not. When they click to continue and go to a sales video, I can try to pull up some stats later just to show you some of them. We still have on most emails, on most newsletter traffic, at least a 1% sales rate, just going through the traffic first time and up to 2%, 3% lead to sales rate or more. So essentially it's like getting your cake and eating it too. You're getting the lead, defring the lead costs, and still getting the customer and making profit. Have you tested 30, 60, 90 day customer value with that? The reason I ask is because I signed up for your thing and asked how much I could import the newsletters and it's been the next 10 minutes. I'm not your target market, really. But it definitely broke trust. I was lucky to get it. Dagan's a good guy, so obviously I'm going to keep doing his stuff. I had to go through and manually unsubscribe from a different list, and then I still kept getting some stuff that I didn't know about. I didn't get any of you else from running people on the go-rack. I'm not saying you want to follow it up to me. But again, I'm not the target market, so the proof is in the... My perspective on it is I haven't tested specifically lead value because lead value is infinite. It's free now. I want as many as possible. In your sense, you're able to as a quote, unquote, now publish or sell your model and you're selling. In the face of those instances, that lead a few different people. A couple of people will share it in that softbox free at this point, basically. It's free. It's free or at a profit, right? That's awesome. But for the other people, obviously they're paying whatever they're paying for the other people. But they're still going to discount, though. They're probably going to get in the sleep. They'll tell whatever they're going to sleep to. Because that lead probably costs five or six bucks anyway. They got it for two bucks or $1.50. It's a deal for them. It's a deal for a person who puts it together. Yeah, you're breaking even from that point. You're profitable. They're profitable. Yeah, you're profitable for the lead them to. You know what I mean? I'm exposing this customer. I didn't miss that. What's that? On the video, basically, it says, as a surprise bonus, I've also given you three other subscriptions. There's lots of ways. You're going to love it. There are other forms. There's lots of ways to... The whole point is there's lots of ways to frame this. There's lots of ways to use this. Another iteration of this process, if you were to think about it, is... And I got this idea from looking at newsletters like Archimax, and it's one of the things we're getting ready to do, is instead of just straight up selling the lead, you can just create four different newsletters. So John had become a woman and a man and a... Yeah, or prosperity leverage, home business leverage, response leverage. So it's a topical newsletter, and you can talk about these specific topics, and you've just got four times as much exposure and space to do so. So there's lots of ways to use this stuff, but it works. You know what I mean? I hadn't really seen anything like this, so we created this, and it definitely works. I've got a couple questions on this. First of all, do you tell them that you're going to co-reg the leads on the opt-in page, or are you just using your regular opt-in page? She's wearing an opt-in page. So you don't get any lash-back from, let's say, your autoresponder? For example, I have my own dedicated GitResponse 360. So you're using GitResponse? So I use GitResponse 360 for my autoresponder. It's dedicated deal, so that's fine. They don't have any problem with curry? No. Okay. And can we see the URL? Now in terms of the leads, can you see what my URL? Yeah, I'd just like to look at the URL. All right. That's all? We're good? All right, cool. All right. And just the other cool thing here is another little monetization thing. I got this from Scott Blotch. So right now, my click and continue button goes to Russell's video, Plugin Profits. But we have this little, I call it the double tap. Whenever you click that link, any link anywhere on any site, you can have another window pop, you can put another page in front of them. It creates free money. A couple days ago. Is that a Philly offer you have going on over here? Yeah. Now there's a Philly space here? No, this is a Philly offer. This is just something else. Like I could sell this traffic to someone else. I could sell this space to someone else if I wanted to. Which page gets the priority on mobile? Oh. I don't know. You don't want to display the Philly offer ahead of yours? From my perspective, it doesn't matter. Because they're both Philly offers. And again, at least break even a profitable before I get the lead. I'm not thinking the same way that I used to when I didn't have that in my business. Does that make sense? The ability to generate leads all the time at a profit. But conversion is the same. You know what I mean? When I'm emailing the list, I haven't seen a tremendous drop in when I'm doing emails daily sales or anything like that. So from the outside view, things are the same, respectively. So just a couple of things. Was that clear? Was that cool? Was that fun to go through? Yes. I have a question. I'm sorry. I missed this part. So somehow you managed to get two windows to open? Yeah. So it's not mine. I think Jeff Unsner. Is that right? I don't know who created the script. I'm the one popping up behind. It happened again, didn't it? The base concept is a script. Someone clicks on the button. I think it's got bolt cells somewhere. You click on it, then boom, it opens up. So you click on any hyperlink, and you can set an additional window to pop elsewhere. So you see this thing go up, or I guess it pops. Yeah, see, this is the one that popped up. The other one switched. It's technically only in a new window, and then hey, they were on, redirecting to the other. Yeah. Technically. Yeah. That's what's happening. Oh, yeah. Cool. So Scott Bolt, I think, told you something. I don't think he's selling. He just gave me it. You know what I mean? It's like something that we're using. Because the other application for this is they'll take the same script, create like a dummy unsubscribe link, and a dummy report spam site, so that at the top of your emails you put two hyperlinks. If people opt out, well, they're opting out. They're not complaining if they report spam. They're not actually reporting spam. They're reporting spam to you directly, and you can pop an offer in front of them. You know what I mean? So like you're keeping yourself clean, and you're also making money as they're on the way out. That's what he cares about the way I am, right? Yeah. I have those pages. I often hear it in reports, man. Let me see. Lexi, quit you telling me. I think, let me just find one of those pages. Cool. Well, he's looking that up. I just want to, so an order form test. I think it's your order form thing in a second too. A couple other cool order form things we found when you get the newsletter you'll see. We do an order form side by side. So we have like order form right here, and then we have kind of like here's what you're going to get, and then we had testimonials down here. We flipped it so that these Facebook testimonials came up on top, and we had what's coming here underneath it. We had a 96% increase on order form conversions by flipping that. So having Facebook testimonials up top, even before like what the offer actually is, almost doubled our order form conversion rates. And then we also tested order form on left hand versus right hand. Who here thinks the left hand won? Who here thinks the right hand won? Order form on the right hand I think. Okay, once again, so we had a split order form, right? Order form, they put in their name, credit card on left hand, or order form on the right hand side. Which one thinks won? Left hand? Left. Right hand? Right hand. Wow, cutting off. I thought this was going to win, but right now the left hand's winning. Which one? It's everything I believe. Which one wins? The left hand wins. Oh really? Left hand's winning right now. Oh man. Yeah. A lot of them. Yeah. Yes, because the question he just asked is really good. He asked if we do like a two step order form. So we do not everything, but a lot of things we do a two step order form. And like for our supplement for example, we have a form that's basically like step one, where do you want to ship your supplement? They give us their name, their address, that kind of stuff. And step two is putting your credit card. And we call the leads that don't convert. I think we had a 64% lift on by calling all the leads that didn't convert and getting them to fill that step one, not step two. And then the fall up sequence is good. So I love the step one, step two stuff. We're doing more and more of that right now. So step one, have you done like the timed upsell deal? Like you put a timer at it on it, you give them like a upsell for like 60, 70% of the regular price. Between step one and step two? Yeah. We have it. That'd be cool. It works. Yeah. You just pop an offer in the middle with a timer. It doesn't work without a timer, right? If there's no timer, then they're like, what is this new offer? But there's a timer, then they just think, which do I choose? Because I've only got so much time and you do get a bump. Like it's fun. A little thing in the bottom corner, just like ticket master says time, complete page in the next 10 minutes. There's a whole reason why it just says to do it. And it has to count that time. Just look at ticket master. I've seen people doing that. That's a good idea. We'll try that. Pop the air one. Yeah. Your seat's gone. 18 people bought it. Oh, well, it's something anyway. Anyway, that's some cool order form stuff. So yeah, this is just a spam link thing. Let's see here. So just imagine this link being at the top of, here's the opt out link, unsubscribe link, here's the spam link. Just imagine putting that at the top of like an email or something. And where did I do it? We're going to put it right here. And then someone clicks it. They go to a page that looks like this. Right? So they feel like they unsubscribed. Yeah. What are you doing? So instead of having a person report you a spam to a spam or to their email client. Yeah. They're reporting it to you instead. Yeah. It takes them off your list. It takes you off. It definitely unsubscribes them. It takes them off your list. You don't do that in traffic. No. No. It's awesome. It loads your spam complaints dramatically. It just says report spam. You don't have to like... We're reporting it to... Yeah. You're reporting it to me? You're reporting it to me? Good to know. You think I'm a spammer. But then you click it. Right. Okay. So thank you for unsubscribing. People always want to complain. You know? Like, oh, stop sending me emails. Yeah. I reckon that depends on the... I report spam. That's it. What is it? We tested one of the tests and it didn't work. I'm curious just what it was. We tested one of the tests. All right. That's all I got. Okay. Let's come back. Let's come back. It's getting late. I want a couple more things to get through before we move on. Okay. So we're getting close to lunch so I'm going to hurry. Okay. So is that going to give you guys some cool ideas about ways to test and tweak and do some cool stuff? Yep. I need a man to response. All right. Thank you. Okay. So we come back through this process. You guys, again, my step number four, I'm qualifying my... My identifying the subscribers and this right here, I'm identifying my buyers. Okay. Now, after you have a buyer, because we know a buyer is a buyer is a buyer, we can do all sorts of other cool things to them. We can call them on the phone. We can send them a postcard. We can do a bunch of other stuff we wouldn't normally do because they've identified themselves as buyers. That's why I love low ticket stuff right here, dollar trials, invisible fundals because I want them to pull a credit card out. Some dudes will never pull a credit card out. If you make a good offer and they do, you know they're good. Okay. That's step number four or step number five, sorry. Then step number six, my next goal is to find out who my hyperactive buyers are. Hyperactive. Who here are hyperactive buyers in the room? Okay. So this is like the OTO sequence. Everybody talks about OTOs and stuff. The reason why I do one time offers is because I want to identify my hyperactive buyers because the hyperactive buyers, especially when we had our call center, we would split leads up A, B, C leads and our A leads were hyperactive. People who bought the upsell because they bought the upsell, they are gold to you. There were so much more than anyone else. Yeah. So that's why that's the whole thing here why we have upsell sequences is identify who the hyperactive buyers are. Okay. Now this is kind of a cool thought. I was talking on the hall about this a little bit ago, but so for us, like after someone buys, our goal obviously is to send them, right? To bring them up like a value ladder to sell them our high ticket stuff. And I'm not sure how to integrate this yet in the visible funnel. We're going to be testing, with the new one we're doing, we're going to be testing this process through direct mail because what we found is, so if someone would come and they would buy our front end product and we'd call them on the phone, we would average, I think, I can't remember the numbers exactly, it was about $130 a lead is what we would average if we were outbound calling them. Okay. So every person we got a hold of was worth about $130 to us. And we had this idea one time to like, what if we got them to call, I think our sales guys are getting tired of like dialing. So like what if they called us, like that'd be cool, right? Like how can we get them to call us instead of us calling them? And so we put this little thing on our thank you page, it was like a CD and like some checklist. We're like, hey, this is Russell's quick start checklist guide. If you want a free copy of it, just call us up and give us your address and we'll ship one out to you. Okay, so we put it on the thank you page. We also sent out a physical mailing letter, it's called our toilet letter, had a really cool doodle of a toilet. It was, anyway, we'd send that out, it's kind of funny, we'd ship them a thing asking them for their address so we could ship them this thing, right? And then we'd add an email sequencing, but for about 14 days my entire goal of my sequence was to get them to initiate a phone call. Because when they initiated the phone call for us, that lead went from $130 a lead to $450 a lead by them initiating it, okay? So my sequence immediately afterwards was how can I get this person now to contact me? Because they're worth almost four times as much for us, okay? What are you talking to them about on the phone? Step number one is, what's your address? We'll ship this thing out to you. Step number two is, boom, move this sales process. He's going to be talking about phone sales process next, which will give you guys kind of, he does kind of, not similar, but similar type stuff to kind of what we were doing. It's evolved, I heard. Yeah, it's evolved. He's mastered it. But basically we're just getting their address and then we start the sales process. So yeah, he'll talk some script stuff. Okay, let's see. The next thing that kind of goes into here, step number seven is after we've gone through this process, we found for us, there's a big timing thing that a lot of people don't think about or talk about in our business. Like when a lead comes in, for example, let's say you bought this book, right? And Dan says, this is going to be the greatest book in the world. It'll change your life. You order it and before the book gets here, you get a phone call from someone down in the office and he's like, hey, that book you got, I'm sure it's going to be good for you, but let me sell you coaching. And you're like, but I just bought this thing that was going to change my life and there's this big disconnect, right? And so we started timing when we would make the phone call. So initially, like I said, we'd call them, as soon as they buy, like next day we're calling them, we're calling them, we're calling them. And it just, it didn't work very well. Like our sales just weren't as good. So we started timing it. He said, okay, well if we bought it on this day, about five days later, they can get the products. And like five days later, and sure enough, we get it like, oh yeah, I just got a CD in the mail. And like, cool, we start trying to sell them something. But then they'd be like, well, I got the thing. Let me look at it first and we'll talk about it. And they're like, oh crap. And so we kept timing it, timing it. And what we found is somewhere between about day 14 and closer to day 28, like about three weeks in was our sweet spot. At that time, they'd received the product, they'd been sitting on their desk about a week to two weeks. They kept looking at it. They felt guilty. They knew they had to use it, but they hadn't yet. And we called them at that point and said, hey, how's the information? Oh, well, it's still sitting here. And we just kind of bring in the whole sales process, bring the pain back up. And then from there, we tell them, hey, the thing you really need is a coach. Because you've got the stuff, but you need a coach to help kick in the butt and move you through that process. And when we started selling that, that was our sweet spot. That's when we started just killing it. So again, it was about closer to day 28, but about day 14 to 28 is when we started dialing. So for all of you guys, think about that. And when you're building your sequences out, if you don't have a call center, it works the same thing like you're building an email sequence. When should I introduce them to my high-end offer? When should I introduce them to my coaching offer? The timing has so much to do with it. And if you think about it logically while you're building out your processes, you'll see huge increasing conversions. Going from a dollar trial directly into a webinar the next day selling a $1,000 thing probably isn't going to be the best thing in the world. If I let that marinate, who talked about price marinating, whatever, have that thing marinate for a couple of days and a week later you introduce that. Maybe it's two weeks. Everyone's going to be different. Then that works well. Same thing with our supplements. We have our pills and then we try to introduce the creams a little bit later. It's all about the timing of it. Yeah. I guess the question as far as that, it's probably different business than business model. It's like one of the things I'm doing is I'm finding I've got contacting that new buyer, that infested buyer, kind of right away. But not as a, I find like they haven't gone through anything, they're not pre-framed or sold from a higher end. But once they've gone through some basic steps, like a webinar, they're pre-framed and kind of upsells everything they do. When I get on the phone trying to get a one-on-one strategy session and hiring someone and not upsells that. But like once they've gone through a little bit of that and I get on the phone with them, like they really know they need, you know, they need to be all in. They need to get all the stuff. They don't know how. Once they get on the phone at that point, it's just like my upsells and stuff, when they go through the roof, we like just getting started to like all of them in a sense. So I guess maybe different models or when how to get to the little related foe and knowing that they need more and realizing because they still get to that page more like, how do I really do this? Yeah, you know, for us it's good. Yeah. So we have a couple of. Tom's got a little experience in the call center industry. Sure can too. So one of the things to do is to get them consumed fast very quickly. So we used to do an upsell that hadn't been fulfilled by us. So that next day we would make, hey, welcome to either a welcome call to a new fill thing and then it's the simple way. What we did is we actually sold and said, hey, why don't we plug all this technical stuff in for you and people who did it and take about half an hour would say, hold on, I have to ask you some questions while I do this. So it costs us half an hour of customer service right? Yeah. So we did that. We showed them and said, hey, here's what it was before. Here's what it is now. Boom, your site set up and has their name on it, their picture, right? And they all go crazy for it. Nice. Instantly we go on a funnel. They were worth four at right? Plus six hundred bucks, five hundred bucks a week. That's awesome. That's cool. We can reach out and grab them and fill them. So all of a sudden we were real, true, legit and we put their reach up again and look, getting excited. That's awesome. So the question is, what can you put in early that is kind of fulfilling on you? All of us as info markers, like I don't want to do anything. What can you do that's going to move them to the next step? If you're watching a build at GKIC, when somebody's becoming a new newsletter subscriber, do you guys have three or four webinars for them to watch? It was like three or four webinars, right? Three that would drag them through the rebuild process but would also warm them up to Glazer Kennedy's mindset and thinking and that kind of stuff. I think that's something similar to where you're providing that. Anyway, one other thing on call centers, a lot of people ask me why I don't use a call center or have a call center anymore. I'm just going to throw that out there for everybody. Take it if you do or you don't want it. I don't think it's true in every industry but in the how to make money industry, our industry has been beat up by call centers. Since I stopped my call center, my customer values like three or four times X what it used to be. So, three hundred thousand dollars is nice but it makes me wonder like how much could you have made if your customers didn't get called and you could have kept all that money. Anyway, just from my personal business, it's been fantastic. I was talking to Bill about it today. I keep wanting to go back in because I miss parts of it but I just something to look at. Think about with your customers. The grass is green and I was the guy who sold everyone away. She was my call center for five years. So, I know the pitch. I wrote the pitch from us. I know it. There's a lot of value in you not beating your customers up over the phone and keeping internal and our customer values more than it's ever been. In the last year, in the last probably five months, the last ten webinars we've done, we've maxed out nine of the last ten where go to webinar kicks people off because our customers love us. They know if they buy, they're not going to get a phone call the next day. So, it's been really good for us. So, just throwing that out there, take it or leave it or whatever you want to do. Okay, and I've got, so step seven there is age the lead. And then the last step in the process here, which is we talked about a couple times throughout this thing is just figuring out how can you take them out of their environment. Okay, I just picture my customer all the time sitting behind their computer here, clicking, clicking, clicking and this is kind of where they're at. If I want to sell the high ticket stuff, we need to move them from something, move them from behind their computer to a webinar or a phone call or whatever the process is, a seminar, but for you to go from a $500 sell to $1000, $10,000, $5000, look what Matt's doing, he's moving them to different places. He's moving them on the phone, he's moving them to an event or he's moving to lots of different places, but I think to really get the high ticket stuff, you can't do it through just a sales video or sales letter. It's got to be something that puts them in a different environment. So, just looking at how you can switch their environment and those are the eight steps that we use to get our company initially when we first had everything to eight figures. What's your goal? Well, age is like changing the environment or what's that? Yeah, age is changing the environment. Age will lead. Age will lead. Age will lead, change in viral. Age, age will lead. Age will lead, let it, the timing stuff. Any questions about that at all? Is that cool stuff? Yes. Cool. All right, guys. There's a couple things that I found out about OTOs and just the way I thought about them that dramatically increased conversions and just profitability for me. And I think there might be things that you guys can use. Now, first off, there's going from highest dollar OTO to lowest dollar is the best route if you have multiple OTOs. But one thing that I figured out that I don't know why was, what? One time offer. Sorry about that. After your initial sale, but wait, I've got this special one time opportunity for you to catch this awesome deal. Everyone understand? Okay, cool. So one of the biggest things that I figured out, and I had no idea why I wasn't thinking this way before, that was just like instant money in the bank as soon as I did it, was I would only have one option for a price. So if I had an offer, you can get this course, you can get these licensed rights, you can get whatever, and it's X. But when I reframed it to time, it gave me more ways to make money. So if I say you can get the license rights to this deal, and the best deal is the five-year lease for 2000 bucks, a better deal is a three-year lease for 14.97, or a good deal is a one-year lease for 9.97. Now I just took something that was like regularly a thousand bucks, that's what it was before, and I created a lot more money just by increasing the perception of time. Because in reality, I'm never going to go back and say, hey, you're years up, right? But just this perception alone, after yourself and your one-time offer sequences, you know, can I add an element of time to it? What's your URL? DagenSmith.com forward slash MLOTO. You got to buy the front end to see the back end. Yeah. How do you get it from everybody? Now the other thing, and I think this is my favorite one, is... I still attest to this one, I'm so angry at myself. You're just going to make free money. So when you're in like a one-time offer path, if you've ever been in one before, you kind of feel like you're trying to figure out how not to buy, you're like, oh, I don't... You figure out one reason not to buy, then you'll click the no and you're out of there. So what I figured like, let me try something, let me try guilt. Like what if I could add a little guilt, because they only have one chance at this, and they thought they were strong enough to get out. So if they click the one time... They click the out link on my OTO. What? Oh yeah. And now there's too many things going on. No, no, there's too many different things going on. No, thank you. All right. So the whole point is this is just someone saying, look, Dagan, I don't know where this video is, what it is for, but whatever it is that you're offering is worth like a thousand times more than whatever you're asking. Dagan, you've been awesome to me and whatever he's offering, you got to do it. It doesn't even have to speak specifically to the offer, but just, are you sure? Watch this short video before you leave, and that little bit of guilt, that like stopping them and making them rethink it, again, bumped our conversions on our one time offers by about 50%. So those two things together, what? Yeah. Yeah. Well, and what we do is we also, we switch it to two payments. I just kind of assumed. I think we did a couple of tests, but we make the assumption that the biggest reason that they're going to say no is because they don't think they have the money. Well, now it's even easier, and they've got guilt, so they've got no reason to say no. Does that make sense? Yeah. All right. So those two things dramatically made us a lot more money in OTOs, and I don't see too many people doing this. So I just wanted to share. So the upsell was, but it was Jonathan in the first video too, wasn't it? So different OTOs, just different people. You know what I mean? You're right. So just the exact other person, edifying you. Oh, you mean right here, this video right here? Yeah. Yeah, that's just him. Same video. But then you just, like, even if they don't say yes to this, like, other things we've got, it's just sent direct mail packages in the past for the same offer, right, for the OTO, or just the one-click email sequence. Once you've got customers' information, like infusion, you can treat it like Amazon and just keep sending the one-click email. So all that stuff together, like, really starts to add up in terms of those bigger tickets to profitable sales. Cool?