And in the consulting business, if you sort of take a look at the traditional consulting business, it's all about proposals and action plans and what we're going to do for you and all that stuff, and they make small money. The $50,000 a year average in the coaching business is because they're selling the coaching. That's why it's because they're selling the coaching. And you don't want to be selling the coaching and you don't want to be selling the consulting, and in my case you don't want to be selling the copywriting, and you want to be selling the self-aggrandized you, not the deliverables. And it was a really, really good lesson. An example of doing it, I call it the fine art of making mountains out of molehills, I had for years, well, I did a brochure. I had done a brochure in a long time, and I did a brochure in 1996. I didn't really need one, but to this day I can't tell you why I did it, but I did a brochure. And then, because I didn't need it, even though I called it an annual report, every year then I just updated it with a sticker and stuck a page in the back. I kept using the same one until I ran out of them, and then I haven't had one since. One of the cool things that I did, and I'll tell you where I got it from, I got it from a toilet paper commercial, and I don't remember now the exact commercial, but somehow they talked about how ten of their rolls of toilet paper would wrap around a globe five hundred times and get you to Mars or some damn thing. They had some kind of statistical stuff. And so I had these facts, you know, number of speeches, number of different cities, largest audience, number of consulting days in a year, number of infomercial industry days in a year. Now, when you think about it afterwards, what difference does it make, how many cities I've been in? What relevance does that possibly have to you and the value you're going to get by hiring me? What difference does it make if I've been in 42 cities, 420 cities, or two cities? That may be an difference at all. But it's an interesting statistic. It builds the panel of statistics up. It makes it sound sort of like, geez, he's in demand and he's running all over the place. Everybody wants it. I think that's my big list of speaking schedule, you know, clients, people I've been with. But it was all largely mountain out of molehill stuff. I mean, because truthfully in 96, other than the Peter Lowe event, I wasn't working all that much. I was working, but I wasn't working all that much. But I made it look like I was like working nonstop every minute of the day. I've made much over the years, continue to make much of, having one of my books be on ink magazines list of 100 best business books. I don't mention they redo the list every year. It sounds like it was like the list of the 100 best business books. They do it every year. So I was on it like once. And I think I was number 92 or 93. I don't mention that fact either. I don't mention the fact that the list is compiled by a freelance writer who I had an ongoing relationship. Kind of, he wrote about me in a bunch of different magazines and we had sort of a separate financial arrangement. I don't mention that. I mean, there's, you know, well, I mean, you don't need to... One of my earliest mentors tells this story about how he would... It is Junior High... It is school in rural Alabama. The dental hygienist would come to class and talk to everybody about dental hygiene. And she picked him out and complimented him on how great his teeth looked and, you know, what a great smile he had and everything. And, you know, obviously you're brushing twice a day and, you know, you're flossing and you're doing all the stuff you're doing. And he piped up and said, I brush my teeth once a week, you know, whether they need him or not. And she said, you know, you don't need to tell all you know. And so omission is valuable in and of itself. You don't need to tell all you know. But I beat that fact up now. And it's a fact. It's just, you know, there's context missing. But I've beat that up for a long time. I mean, everybody, and if you look at all my promotional materials, there's a long list of stuff that are really all molehills made into mountains. The one that just happened, which is a good example of how I would use it if I wanted to bother to use it, is the... I'm in this year's Celebrity Black Book, which is this big thing they sell. It's a member of ours, Jordan McCauley, which now gives us away a lot. But so this is like a book, a resource book you use if you're trying to find a celebrity's address and their agent and their contact information. You might want to hire them, whatever. And it's this big, thick thing and everybody and their brothers in there. And I'm in this year's Celebrity Black Book. Well.