Okay, newsletter. Lean into the mic so they can hear you. Okay, newsletter. You change up different things. You want every year you're creating something new, like within your groups. How about within your newsletter? Do you change the entertainment value? What are you looking at with the change? The formula never, the formula doesn't change. There's a formula to it. X number of words to this, X number of words to that, sort of the structure, a little checklist of things you want to hit on every month. Those formulas generally don't change. But yeah, you're trying to do a little something, not necessarily per calendar year, but every so often that, so you do a special issue on a given topic, or you print an issue on pink paper, or you send candy with it, or you put a DVD in with it this month, or you print it upside down or sideways, or you do some of those kinds of things. The unique thing about a newsletter, as opposed to saying needing to make changes in the other deliverables to feel fresh. So the coaching thing has to change almost meeting to meeting to meeting, and program to program to program, and year to year to year a little. One of the important things about the newsletter is its constancy, its consistency. So you're balancing that with the need to, every so often, surprise them a little. Thank you. Hey there. Hey. To avoid overly complex and sophisticated material, we talked about, should you coach to the lowest common level and have the high performers who get it be bored, or push the envelope and let the non-performers struggle and potentially drop out? Depends on what you want to accomplish. Look, if you go all the way down to the lowest common denominator. Well first of all, some of the answer, of course, depends on how big the spread is of intelligence, competence, and experience of the people that you have in the coaching group. So, to use me as an example, and I don't have them anymore, but so the Gold VIP groups versus the Platinum group. The Platinum group, first of all, they're all in the same niche. They're all information marketers. The VIP groups were butcher, baker, candlestick maker, mixed breed of dog, right? So, it's easier, in a sense, it's easier when they're all in one thing. The harder part is, if they don't participate, or if they're all actually doing exactly the same thing. And they're all five to $50 million a year guys, mostly in the middle of that, 10, 15, 20. So there's not huge financial disparity. There's not huge experience disparity. And usually each year, I make sure I have one slower, more of a beginner, somebody in there to ask the dumb questions and be helpful, but I don't slow it down for him. He's got to catch up. Now, the Gold VIP, I kind of took a pulse of who's there, and then you had to like bring it down, okay? If you bring it, you're right, if you bring it down too far, of course, you really frustrate the smart ones. And the real answer to that is to have a place for them to go. So it sets up your ascension. So for example, if you look at my transition to move with the VIP groups to bill, was I went from four groups to one VIP millionaires group where there was a income requirement to be in the group, and I basically sifted and sorted and took the smartest pencils out of the four boxes and moved them into one and sent the other three to go plague him. And he since sifted and sorted and re-juggled them, you know, twice. But you're right, it's a constant problem. And sometimes you don't know it. You thought they were all, and then you discovered they aren't. And sometimes you got to make one leave. You know, the way to solve the problem is somebody who's either really behind the curve or somebody who's way above them has to literally be taken aside and said, look, you know, this just really isn't for you or it's not really for you right now. If you got something else appropriate for them, great. If you don't, it's here's your feedback. Here's your feedback. You know, here's where you need to get to next year or look, you really need to wait until we have a really advanced program and we don't, you know. Okay? Thank you. All right. Let's look at some of the sample documents. Some of them are of minor importance and some of them are of significant importance. But let's start on page 172. So if you jump all the way back to 172, you're going to find a page that looks like this.