And there's some notes in front by me calling your attention to different things in all of them and the significance of them and how you might use them. There's the original thing he delivered that sold people into his inner circle, the writer's utopia report. There's his other book about how to start and publish newsletters, which was like my little guide when I started to write and publish news, news, newsletters. And there's samples of some of his salesletters, the original sales letter for his first coaching group and so forth. So in terms of bulk, you can say it's about yay thick. And it's been a real important resource for me. It's also sort of a classic find that you probably would never see on your own, but a serious information marketer. You will love it, have fun with it and benefit from having it and sort of see where some of these ideas were sourced from and then how they matured and developed from their very primitive beginnings. There's a lot of stuff to be learned by studying Jerry, and so I suggest it to you as a resource. It has a corollary, one of the book I didn't mention, but there's a book called What A Way to Make a Living by Lyman Wood. How many own that puppy? Not many. Okay, find that. Can you get that at Amazon? Does anybody know? Is it still alive? It is. Okay, so go to Amazon and get that one. That's a goodie. And that is really, well, it's such an interesting story. You've got to go get it. But there's great examples in it, and it really is about a guy with very primitive tools, none of the tools. I mean, these people predate, you know, no fax, no email, no internet, you know, no tele-seminars, none of the tools we have available today, rounding up a herd, creating ascension, keeping them involved for years, creating coaching groups, creating client groups. They were way ahead of the curve, and Lyman Wood, amongst other things, created a religion. So that's really a very interesting book, and those of you that are really into this will like it and find it both interesting and entertaining and useful as well. Ben Suarez's book Seven Steps to Financial Freedom, which is a terrible title, but is a book that you ought to have as well, and it really is about the mail order business and in some respects the information marketing business and the lead generation business and all of that. Those two don't relate as directly to what we're talking about here as does my Buchanan collection, but they sort of connect to it, and they really relate to the information marketing business. So that's resources. There is an order form there for the Buchanan stuff. If you don't have it, then you want to get it. Give it to me. The other thing that's on there, most of you probably know about it, but there's an entire box that came out of a one-time meeting I did for doing the area-exclusive type coaching programs where they're getting exclusivity and how to structure all of those and how to sell those. If you don't own that, you may want that as well. Okay, let's go into section four. We'll work for about another half hour here, and then we'll wrap up the day with a question and answer. Let's go into section four and go to our next big success asset. To give credit where credit is due, it's a Halbert term. My Gary Halbert story, how many don't know who Gary is? Okay, my Gary Halbert story, well I can tell you a number of funny stories, but my Gary Halbert story, first Gary Halbert seminar I go to, I don't know the year, but a while ago. It's in Key West Florida. It's a $7,000 per person seminar and the room is full. I don't know, maybe 300-400 people. The first thing is you probably know getting to Key West is not the most convenient thing in the world to do for most people. I said to him, Jesus, it would have killed you to drive up and hold the thing in Miami where it would be easier for one of us to get to. Gary said, it doesn't matter. There's no point in making it easy for him. The same number comes, whether it's easier or hard, so I'd do it where I want to do it.