So Burger King, like once a quarter, invites all the ad agencies to come in and pitch them. And they have a pitch day, or a pitch week. And all the ad agencies prepare all kinds of advertising for nothing and come in there and do dog and pony shows. And half the time Burger King stays with the agency they already got and just gives them the best ideas they see during the pitch week. The other half they moved to one, but 20 of them did all this work for nothing. As soon as I saw it, it made no sense to me. So I rearranged things not to do them. I mean, so there's a big difference between sending somebody a free lunch and going to lunch with them for free. So I mean, if you want to really go to use that example, I wouldn't necessarily mind sending somebody a DVD player with a DVD in it to watch a presentation on something. And having a local deli deliver a box of sandwiches so they can sit down and watch a DVD and enjoy lunch. As long as I'm not going and doing the free lunch with them. Okay, this is a control question. When you have the maybe 100 plus area exclusive coaching, how are you projecting control when you don't want to physically get them all in a room together? But you want to keep control. And I know there's takeaways and things, but you're talking about the end user. Are you talking about your consultants? The consultants. You're talking about your consultants. Yeah. Well, talk to Howard. Cats. Cats. Rules, monitoring, group delivery of information, training, reminding of rules. You will have to get them all together in a room from time to time. Okay. It's unavoidable. If they can be mystery shopped, they should be mystery shopped to check compliance or non-compliance. You've got to be willing to throw them out and they got to know it. And you will always have somebody wandering off the reservation. It's inevitable. And you go and you get them back. And they go do something they're not supposed to be doing. You take it away from them and you slap their hand and you bring them back. But if you've got 100 consultants using your system, if you've got 100 franchise owners, if you've got 100 salespeople, 100 distributors, whatever terminology you want to go use on any one given day, well, first of all, the thing that helps a lot is that on any one given day a big number of them are doing nothing. So they can't get in too much trouble doing nothing. But of the ones who are doing something, about a third of them will be trying to reinvent your business instead of implementing the stuff they're supposed to be implementing. And a third of them are going to be so far off the reservation you won't even know what business they're in. And you've got to keep catching them and rounding them up. And if their productivity warrants it, fine. If their productivity doesn't, you know, then you've got to change the program where you've got to get rid of them. By the way, with them or with clients, you have unilateral rules. You truthfully, has invisibly, has possible and forced them differently on different people. Jimmy Johnson, when he was on the Peter Loew events and other coaches have told their version of the same story, Jimmy said, you know, he said, if Emmett Smith is late for or let's say he falls asleep during a meeting, somebody gently goes over, wakes Emmett up, gets him a cup of coffee, and if he really can't stay awake, we get him a pillow and we help him lay down on his desk. If the third string lineman who missed six blocks last week falls asleep in the meeting, I kick the desk over and trade his ass to the Vikings. Now, we do it so we don't advertise it, we try and do it invisibly, but sure, is there a client who's been with me for 15, 20 years, who pays $100,000 to $200,000 a year to be with me? Does he get a little more slack than the new guy or the guy who only spent 20 or the guy who's in a coaching group? Of course, of course. Same thing true with franchisees or salespeople.