Why am I in there? I'm in there because Jordan McCauley's a member of ours and because I plug his book four or five times and so everything's in there and two-point invisible anyway like the white pages so him sticking in there was no, me in there was no skin off his nose but it was pretty smart on his part, you know, to do it. So he created currency so I'll plug his book some more, right? Now if I really wanted to use that, I would beat the crap out of it, I would magnify it to, you know, named to the 15th or 16th or how many years he's been in business, annual edition of the Celebrity Black Book along with John Travolta, this person, that person, you know, and I'd list 15, 20 celebrities and dignitaries and I'd make it sound like it was, you know, who's who of America in the way that I used it. It's a molehill, turn it on, use everything you got, use every part of the pig, don't overlook anything. And as you get better stuff, you get to drop off some of the, you know, some of the lesser stuff. But like you got, what did you get? Direct marketer of Tucson or something, what? Arizona direct marketer of the year. Well, see that's a, you know, if you aren't using that, that's a big deal. It was just took turns. Yeah, well, three of them took turns. Yeah, I get it but, you know, the truth is you got it because they felt guilty after 12 years or something and you spent a lot of money in the major direct, you know, but still, it's applauded, it's a credit, you know, and you don't have to say what year and you don't have to say that the direct marketing chapter only had eight people in it and you don't have to say any of that, you know, you just embellish what you can embellish. So self-aggrandizement, one of the techniques is making mountains on a molehill. Here's some other be somebody strategies. Peter brilliantly used what I call the with strategy or the surrounded by strategy. And again, I mean no disrespect and I don't think he would contradict me but Peter has never been and although he has improved, he is never going to be a really great speaker. And the likelihood of Peter getting on a giant stage in front of giant audiences unless he owns the circus, not good. And he knew it. So he knew if that's what he wanted to do which is what he wanted to do, he needed to own the circus. But then, even if you own the circus and you pack the tent with 35,000 people and then a little short redheaded, howdy-duty looking guy walks out there and delivers, you know, a so-so speech with so-so charisma, that's not going to last very long. And really his credibility was, I mean, he didn't have much of a story to tell. He'd been a reasonably successful sales person who decided to be a sales trainer and started doing sales training seminars by running ads in the newspaper and doing three hour, $35 seminars and selling some stuff. And that's it. I just gave you the whole story. It's not like he was Hewlett Packard's number one sales person or, you know, made a million dollars in a year in selling or any of that. No such story. So you got no story. You got no credibility. And you're not necessarily real good. What's the strategy here? Well, if you surround yourself with big people, you rent the aura, you borrow the aura, rather than create the aura. And so Peter brilliantly surrounded himself with all manner of celebrities and top speakers. All it required was writing a check, which a lot of everything in life all it requires is writing a check. To get in or get out or to create or whatever. And so his ascendancy and the achievement of his particular goals began by hooking himself to zig and then by hooking himself to celebrities. And the big breakthrough in his case was Ronald Reagan. A whole lot of people didn't want to do those rallies until Reagan did those rallies. And once Reagan did those rallies, then it was like, OK, for everybody to do those rallies. And in fact, then a whole bunch of people wanted to do those rallies. And we're banging on the door to get them. So Peter used the with strategy. Who am I with? Who I am with defines who I am. And that's a very powerful and useful strategy that can be applied many different ways. And so if you think about who I'm with is who I am. So who you interview, who you co-author a book with, who you hire to appear with you on an event or at your house party, et cetera, et cetera, who you're with defines who you are.