Well, a big lesson there. So then they all paid $7,000 there to speak. And Howard walks, shows up for the seminar course 15 minutes late. And he's got on flip-flops, you know, shirts, one of them yellow, like, bodybuilder shirts, but, you know, the fishnet thing. And a big old baseball cap that says, Clients, suck on it. And he marches out and he does, if I'd kill for a transcript of it. He did at least 15, maybe 20 minutes at the start of the seminar on the 522 reasons why he didn't want a client. And that's not why we're here. And don't bother me any time during the seminar. And don't try and hire me to do anything. And don't try and track, and don't bother me in the restroom. And don't, I mean, good 15 to 20 minutes on why he didn't want to do any work, why he didn't want to be hired, why you couldn't hire him, even if you tried, and not to bother him, and not to try and hire him. And then he went from that into all of the evils of clients, which is one of the reasons he didn't want to work, is how badly behaved clients were. And he went through his 10 ways copywriters don't get paid, which is client number one, client doesn't implement, number two, client doesn't implement, number three, client doesn't implement, number four, client doesn't implement. Number five, client implements and screws everything up. Number six, client implements. And so he went through his whole rift on how evil and stupid and miserable clients are. And clients suck. And if I never have a client again for the rest of my life, as long as I live, it's okay with me. And I'm sitting there the whole time, and I'm thinking, Nero Wolf, the son of a, he's just doing Nero Wolf. And it was brilliant. Well, now for the remainder of the three days, what is everybody trying to do? I mean everybody, people who didn't have a project, they're trying to hire them. They're chasing them into the men's room. They're chasing them around at night. They're waiting by the elevator in the morning for him to emerge from the elevator and elbowing each other aside to try and convince him to let them hire him. This is the craziest thing I've ever seen. And we had lunch every day up in his suite. And I said, for real? He says, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. I said, I need some clients. He said, I'm hoping to come out of here with 10 or 12. He said, and this is the, he said, you just saw them, you just saw me this morning. He said, that's the best way to get them. He said, trust me, a lot easier to get them this way than trying to get them. He said, I'll get them. And I mean, they badgered him and, nah, nah, nah, I don't like your idea. That is a dumbest idea I want your idea. The other deal, he's got 22, 23 clients and they're just throwing money out. And it was a really, really, really good object lesson that I have not forgotten. But anyway, in one of our conversations, Halbert's term is, you know, he said it's real important for you to understand you're not in the copywriting business. Now you can substitute consulting, you can substitute coaching, if you like. He said, it's very important for you to understand you're not in the copywriting business. He said, because copywriters don't make any money. He said, you're in the self-aggrandizement business. He said, if what you happen to deliver is copy, that's fine. He said, but you're in the self-aggrandizement business. And he said, you want them buying you, not what you do. And then the second thing he said to me is, he says, in order to do it well, you need no conscience. And I would modify it too. You need, you know, the conscience of P.T. Barnum with the egress and the live mermaid and the dead hippo slept around for six weeks while they rounded up a new live hippo. In case you don't know, dead hippos can float, which is kind of interesting. So if you put them in salt water, they float. So the hippo still looks like he's alive. You know, I understand they're doing the same thing with James Brown. Oh, come on. Tell me you haven't funk it. Tell me you haven't thought about it. So if you really understand everything we're doing, you're in the self-aggrandizement business. I mean, you're in the business of selling you. The deliverables are totally secondary to them deciding they want you.