So it cuts one whole step out of the communication process, you know, in order to do it that way. This is just another example. This is Platinum 07. So this is a memo that went to Platinum members. It shows them what their call dates are. It shows them their call times. The call preparation paragraph is 166. I'm sorry, it's page 166. Should you want to have notes or materials in front of me for your call, those materials must be in Vicki's hands at the Phoenix office, no less than seven business days before the call day. No exceptions. How many people do you think send in last-minute shift a day or two before the call day? Everybody want to guess? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. My people are better behaved than that because I beat them up all the time. And of course, don't forget, half of them never send anything ever. So you're only dealing with half of them. You could possibly have a problem with. But a good three or four every single month trying to cheat the system. It's not the same three or four usually, but somebody's always trying to cheat the system. And then they got to learn they can't cheat the system and then they don't do it again. So now you will be tempted to make an exception. That gives me a lot of money. What's the big deal? It's only eight pages. Go ahead and fax it over. No, no, no, no, no, no. He has to have the experience of, did you get my stuff? Yeah, got everybody else's stuff here. Don't see anything from you. When did you send it in? Yesterday? Seven business days. I won't even see that stuff until a week from Friday when I get my box. And then it'll be too late. Next month, seven business days. Okay, you can read it to me. I sit here for five minutes while you read it to me. His time, not mine. So you got to pay a penalty. You can't let him off the hook. Kid doesn't eat his dinner. You tell him, no food for the rest of the night. An hour later, he's down there, I'm hungry. You got to send him to bed hungry. Otherwise, he ain't going to eat his dinner until he's 16. So that's not good. Same thing with these people. What I wanted to ask was the idea of a renewal every year versus just getting their credit card and mastermind groups and just keeping on billing them so they don't have to make a decision? It's actually a more complicated question than you might think. There's much to be said for there never being a renewal, obviously. You don't have to go through a renewal process. You don't have to wait. They got to opt out, etc. I would be more prone to do it with a big coaching program with 75, 80, 100 people in the group than I would with the small ones. And I'll tell you why. And again, this is me personally. Number one is every year there's somebody I want to leave. And I have others I want in. So I want an opportunity to juggle it. Secondly, every year I raise the fee. So the continuity to me is a big trade-off against leaps and fees. So that's an issue. And there's no law that says you couldn't have one one way and one the other if you have more than one program. So one program could be continuity. Another program could be renewable fee. But when you do renewable fee, you got to do it early, not late. You know, you can't be renewing at the end. There's pros and cons to both. Pitch 167, I don't really know. You don't even need to look at that. Let's look at 168. 168 is real interesting because you will find meeting rules of conduct. So the whole paragraph on 168 now spells out what the rules are. And so how many staff people you can bring. Now you'll see this is our Emmett Smith conversation. So each member can bring up to two staff members with advance notice except for LeGrand. He can pretty much bring in as many as he wants. Why? Because I said so. Because he's grandfathered. He's old. He's in firm. He needs a lot of people to help him around. He's been with me a long time. So that's the rule. He can bring as many as he wants. No, I really can't.