You're first. You have the mic. Okay. Go. Just a quick question about the not putting them through the rigors at the seminar. There are different models for that though. I mean Tony's model is to put them until three o'clock in the morning so they're exhausted. Used to be ours. And what made you change that other than you don't have to do it in the morning? I don't know how to do that. Mostly it depends on what you're trying to get them to do. That model is really about controlling their behavior by completely suspending conscious thoughts. Right. Simple, subtle, big. Yeah, and discretion. Got it. And I don't know how to do it. We did it years ago in the Towson years. And it doesn't lead to long-term relationships, that I'll tell you. And they sort of almost come out of that ether about a week afterwards and in many cases sort of wonder what happened to them. The S life-spray model is that plus tear them apart psychologically and put them back together. The second half of the seminar, the problem with that model is sometimes you don't get them back together. And so that's problematic. But yeah, there's different models. There is something to be said for a certain level of fatigue and exhaustion. But as you say, the Tony model, which really came from places before him, is really employed when you are looking for short-term, big sale, and not particularly worried about long-term client value. Does that make sense to you? Yes, that's absolutely true. I'll also tell you, even if you get good at it, which you would be perfectly capable of being good at it, you have all the skills. It genuinely is exhausting on the part of the presenters as well as it is on the troops. I mean, you come out of one of those things, you're like dead for two weeks. So it actually is not a lot of fun. Thank you. With regard to the performance you were talking about, when you're running a small office, trying to keep staff as small as absolutely possible, I'm wondering if you can talk a little more about what I'm perceiving as the expectation of good service versus my positioning, as far as phone calls, greeting people, and things of that nature. Well, what kind of office are you talking about? Financial planning. Okay. Part-time assistant. Okay. Well, presumably, under those circumstances, if you define good service as immediate access and fast response, you're not delivering that now, are you? You couldn't be, unless you got six clients. No. So were their expectations managed to start with that they weren't going to get that? They need to be. Yeah, they need to be. Yeah. I mean, look, the financial, you know, hardly ever is there a severe enough financial emergency, you know, to justify them getting to you. I mean, you're probably losing their money slowly. So. You've been watching New York? So there's no particular big, you know, rush for them to communicate with you. It's just trickling down. I mean, and the one thing you've got to control in your business is the, well, it used to be Greenspan, you know, has indigestion today and the interest rate goes up by a quarter and everybody wants to call and talk to you. That's got to be headed off, you know, in advance. I mean, look, I think a lot of that is about how you position yourself to them, which if you don't want to grow staff and you don't want to provide ready access and service and people for them to talk to and so forth, then it's got to be about, you know, you're a little gnome in the cave who's the genius with the financial formula and you only take a select number of clients and you don't have staff and you're not going to have staff and, you know, the trade off of being able to do that. The other thing that's going to have you is this. If you want that, then go down to the local storefront stock brokerage and deal with a bunch of buffoons, you know. I mean, it really is about positioning now. It's a boutique practice. It's an elite practice. It is built for a small number of individuals. I'll say something interesting about the phones. I, in my office, we used to, and this goes back down before the relationship with Bill. So this is when we had product sales and all sorts of other things.