Okay, so we are currently four minutes and 20 seconds into the big battle and so far Mandy is finished with Squeeze Page, sells video order form and she's on the thank you page and Chris is still working on the Squeeze Page. Okay, he's doing good. So it's kind of exciting so far. I'm excited. Now both of you guys, just so everyone knows is watching, they're both building out a sales funnel that Mandy and I kind of designed and crafted earlier today and so I want to actually take you back to the office and you can see the process went through to build this entire sales funnel before she came and started building out a click phone. So come on, let's go check it out at the office and then we'll come back and check on him here in a minute. Okay everyone, so I'm here today with Mandy Pratt, who's one of my close friends and someone I look up to a lot and I'm excited because we're having a chance to go through and kind of build out a sales funnel for her because I don't know about you but I love kind of mapping out my sales funnel first on a whiteboard before I start building in click phones. That way I know kind of the direction of where I'm going. Some people log in and start clicking stuff and it's all over the place so we want to kind of sit back first and just plan out what our sales funnel is going to look like. So to begin with Mandy, I love for everyone to, you know, everyone's had a chance to meet you but I love for you to kind of tell them what you do right now and what your business is. Well thank you Russell, I'm excited to be here. This is an honor. So we own a life coaching certification school called Results in Coaching. We teach and certify people how to become life coaches and how to get clients. Very cool. And they do some awesome stuff. I had a chance to get to know a lot of their coaches so really cool stuff. Now up to this point you guys have basically been, have built your business off of one funnel, right? Yes. So this is our funnel, it's been doing awesome for you. And so we're not going to touch that funnel right now but we're going to look at earlier say Mandy and I were talking and she wants to kind of build out more of a funnel with like a front end product and upsells and downsells. So that's what we're going to map out right now and then go and build and click funnels. Cool. I'm excited. Okay, so to begin with, so I know in the funnel we're going to build for you, obviously the first thing we're going to want is some kind of squeeze page, right? Yes. To get the lead. So we're going to map out that most of our funnels we usually start with the squeeze page just because we like getting lists, building lists. So here's your submit button. We won't use the word submit and click funnels but anyway, here we'll put an email address. Now I want to ask you first like, so somebody coming in initially to your funnel, like what's a good hook we can use? Like a good thing that's going to get them to be like, here's my email address, I want that. So one idea that we came up with was the day in the life of a life coach because a lot of people that are interested in becoming a life coach are still kind of like, what is it like? What do I do? It just, they're not really clear so they're kind of curious. So we thought of an idea of creating a DVD to be able to offer them interviews with real life life coaches. So the only idea that we come up with so far is the day in the life of a life coach. Okay, I think that's awesome. Okay, so we'll start with that. So this squeeze page is basically, we can play off camera, figure out exact hook or headlines all this hard kind of spur of the moment but something around there. So let's write a day in the life of, which is my awesome handwriting. Cool. There we go. Awesome. Okay, so that's where we're going to be focusing all the traffic we're driving on the squeeze page. Now after they've gone through the squeeze page and the second step, like you said, is where we're going to give away a DVD. Now for your DVD is basically how are you structuring is going to be like, Skype interviews. Okay. Skype recorded interviews of us interviewing life coaches. Very cool. And kind of then telling their stories and all kinds of stuff. Okay, so in ClickPhone's a lot of cool templates. One of my favorite ones is the one we use for all of our free plus shipping stuff. And so usually there's a video right here and right here we get people to put in their credit card. And then typically down here we have some sales copy to kind of sell people on the thing right? Awesome. Here's going to be you on the video. So there is the second step here in the sales funnel. This is going to be giving away your free DVD. Okay. And this is your squeeze. All right. So now let's go to the next thing. So after somebody's purchased, this is why all the sales funnel stuff we're talking about so important, right? They bought the first thing and now it's so much easier to give them say yes to the next thing. And so let's talk about, I know you got a couple of different ideas, but things that we can start selling here on the rest of the sales funnel. It's interesting. I mapped this out for somebody the other day who was like, I look at your websites and they don't look that cool. Like how are you making so much money? And I mapped it out. I'm sure you've seen this many times, but I was like, this is what you're seeing right here, right? This is like the website you see. But down here, the rest of the iceberg, this is where we're all making all of our money. And most people just focus on here. So this is now, all this stuff is the rest of the iceberg. So let's talk about some of the things that you've thought about already to kind of sell back here. Okay. Well, we thought of a $47 webinar teaching people the seven steps to a life coaching session. Okay. I'm going to make a list. Let's see right here. So we got a $47 webinar. This is kind of the steps. Life coach, cool. Okay. What are the things we create? And then we thought of a $97 webinar teaching them how to get clients. Okay. $97 how to get clients. How to get clients. The whole we grow that all life coaches need. Exactly. Exactly. Very cool. Any other thoughts or ideas? That was kind of it for our funnel. And then we were going to have our automated webinar selling our $897 course. That's teaching. That's an actual certification program. That's the actual certification. Correct. Very cool. So we got certification. I'll put it on here. So $897. $897. Certification. Okay. So basically we got three really good offers we can have kind of here in the back of the funnel. I like to kind of sit back strategically and think, okay, they just bought this free DVD. The first thing they're learning is like a day in life of a life coach. So after somebody's got that, they're now excited like, cool, I'm going to be a life coach. This is Maddie's lifestyle. It's awesome. I'm going to have a lifestyle. So next thing they, what's the next logical thing for them? So this one is the steps to becoming a life coach. This is how to get clients. Because now they know they want to be life coach, but they're not a life coach yet. Yeah. So this is more on the skills. And what I find is that a lot of people are interested in becoming life coaches. They're really wondering, can I do it? And what I like about us giving this away for 47 is it really gives people the a-ha and the clarity of going, oh, okay, it's not that hard. I can learn how to do it. Cool. Is there some kind of like, like how fast does someone go through this? Like can we tie it to time? Like how to become a coach in 30 days or how to, you know what I mean? Is this something like that? Yeah. Yeah. They can actually go through our certification program and start to get clients in 30 days. Oh, very cool. Yeah. Very cool. So let's do this for right now. And again, we can kind of tweak this a little bit off camera, but I'd say the first upsell, I like this idea. I bet you can even sell it for more than $47. Yeah. Because you're helping, again, a life coach, you're in a business that you're giving somebody a business, right? You're putting it, it's like a business in the box type thing. True. So I think you can, and obviously it's not the whole certification, but just help them understand like, because this is the seven steps to becoming a coach. Yeah. And we're actually teaching that. So it's not the sales part. So it is informative. Very cool. Okay. So let's say we start with, we sell this, let's just say, I'm going to bump you to 97 bucks. We're going to double your income right now. Woohoo. Okay. So this is- Love working with Russell. Here's a video of you talking about it. Yay. I wish I was better at stick figures. All right. So this is going to be the seven steps to becoming a coach. And we'll just put this as a product. So I know you may do it as a webinar, but let's just for this case study as a product sale. So let's say no to this. A lot of times the reason why people say no is not because they don't want it, it's because like some other excuse in the head, you know, which is usually money. So I'd recommend us dropping a down sell. So let's say no to this, then be like, hey, that's fine. You may not be able to buy it, but how about we do this? Let's do two payments of 47 bucks. Oh, I like it. And we usually get about 15% of people who say no here, who then say yes to that just because they're like, you know, they're on the edge and like, okay, it's just 50 bucks. All right, we'll try it out. So there's something we can do for like a down sell. Love that. Then we'll shift over here to $97 how to get clients. So if they go here or if they go here, so either direction, then we'll have that. And this is, I like this one because this is like the Holy grail, right? Because some people, I'm guessing you get some life coaches who will buy this and they're like, oh, well, I already know the steps. And now it's like, okay, now this is the, this is the magic bullet, right? Yes. So here's your magic bullet offer and a drop picture of a bullet if I can. Looks exactly like a bullet. Exactly like a bullet. All right, magic bullet. All right, this will be your $97. And again, I think same thing you could down sell if you wanted to a lower price or a payment plan and there's a pretty good funnel. Now the last thing I know here, so you have the coaching certification program in a separate funnel and I'm sure you'll push all these buyers that direction. But I know there's one other thing I want to talk about because this is, I think the most exciting part of it is your, your more expensive coaching programs. Tell me a little about that real quick. So it's valued at 4995. We do give it to people who go through our certification program for 3995. And that's our 60 day where they get to work privately with myself and with Mike on building up their coaching confidence and building up their coaching business. Very cool. Okay. So there's the back. So what I think we'll do is absolutely comes to this funnel. The next goal is to get them to actually apply for your coaching program. And we'll have application form here. Now if they apply, what we typically do is then we have a page right here. A lot of people don't know this. This page right here is the magic. We're called our homework page. There's kind of psychology behind what we do, but the homework page is like what makes these people who apply like catches them on fire and get some, want to give you money. So we can walk through that later, but that'll be the last thing. So this is, this is kind of the, the funnel. So we've got, if you look through the process, we've got one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight pages, eight pages. Now I'm curious for you and for whoever builds your websites now, like how long does this typically take to go and build all these, all these pieces out? Well, as you know, I'm not techie at all. So I usually, I usually have to fund it and pay for it. And that's where, yeah, I don't even know. I would be a little nervous to ask for the bill. Yeah. It's not, it's not a cheap thing. So from our experience, like prior to click funnels, we build this out and literally take two or three people. If we're going fast about a week, if we're going like typical speed by two or three weeks and there's a lot of, a lot of pieces, plus you got the technical part, right? You got to have the, to be able to connect the odd responder to here, then the shopping car, then the one click up sells and the down sells. And then you got like split testing and analytics and, and all those type of things. We were going through just all the, the different tools that click funnels replaces and it's kind of cool. Like click phones completely host all of your websites, which she posting is about $10 a month. If you ever get your own dedicated server, you're looking at $300 or $400 a month. Second is this replaces any kind of landing page software. There's a ton of them out on the market right now. I'm sure you've seen ones like lead pages or megaphone. Each of those are usually anywhere from 50 to $97 a month or more. The third one is it, is it replaces all of your split testing software, landing page software we used to use before click phones was called visual website optimizer. We spend on average between $100 and $300 a month, depending how much traffic we're getting in the website. For all of our membership sites, we used to have to use software like Kajabi, which is $97 a month for on the, on the low end, but click phones creates the membership sites. We used to have to use automated webinar software, which is anywhere from $97 a month up to $500 or more. And click phones was all of that included. And the last thing is your shopping carton. Now the cool thing about shopping carts is if you're already using a shopping cart, using infusion soft or click bank or entrepreneur, any of the, the really good shopping carts out there, you can use that and integrate it really quickly into click phones by itself. But if you don't have a shopping cart yet, we also integrate with stripe and literally you click a button, it creates a stripe account for you on the fly and you connect it and it'll do your order forms, your one click upsells, your downsells, everything inside of stripes. So if you don't have a shopping cart yet, click phones will also replace your shopping cart, which is kind of exciting. So if you had all those things up, it's a lot better than doing it. The good old fashioned way. Not to mention paying through the nose for it. Yeah. Yeah. The cost and the, and the time. So what I want to do with you right now is I want to go with you and we're going to go and actually build this entire thing out and click phones. We'll take a picture of it and then we'll go through and just build out each of these pages. And when we're done, you will have a killer sales funnel. Now the one hook though is you've got to make this whole thing. Do you think you can do it? I, I'm going to give my best. With your lack of techie skills. Yeah. I always say my 13 year old niece is more techie than I am. So hopefully I can figure this out. Cool. Let's go build this funnel out. Okay guys, Mandy is almost finished. I hope you guys enjoyed that video. We just watched. I want you to stay tuned for the videos coming out in a couple of days. We're going to show you guys the final conclusion. See exactly how much time it took Mandy on the clock to get her sales funnel finished where Chris ended up building the exact same sales. We'll see you guys again on video number three. If you haven't yet, fill out the form to get on the early bird list for when click funnel finally goes live.