When I'm building a presentation, whether it's a webinar, it's a Facebook live, whatever the thing is where I'm selling, there's a couple of core things I'm looking for. For me, it's like the big domino. That's the first I'm looking at. What's the one thing? And then I'm trying to figure out a big domino statement. So how to blank without blank. We talked about it earlier today. So that gives me the first thing right here. Actually, I'm going to go over here. My one thing. So how to blank without blank. This is like my big domino statement. Then I'm coming down and I'm trying to get my three core secrets. Take a one, two, and three, which we just did. So now I've got this structure. And the next thing I'm looking to do is not start building on my slides. Next thing I'm trying to figure out is like, what are they going to be giving me money for? What is the actual offer of what I am selling? And this is where I'll spend the next most time after they sing. So the core things before I build anything I've got. This, these three things, and my offer slide figured out. So as I have that, I'm like, boom, I got everything I need. Now I get all motivated and I go in there and I'll bust out all the rest of the presentation, all those other things. I'll talk about this a little tomorrow. Sometimes all I do is I write this and this and this on a whiteboard and I click record and I'll make a crap ton of money just doing that really, really fast. Like we'll talk about more tomorrow. But like, these are the core, these are the most important pieces. The one thing, three secrets, and what the offer is. So I want to focus a little time on the actual offer. Because that's the key of what, if they're going to buy or they're not going to buy. And so the next thing I'm creating is what we call the stack slide. And we're going to talk about the stack tonight. I'm not going to go into the whole psychology behind it right now. I have a slide that's going to give, this is the offer. This is what they're going to be buying to get into the new vehicle. If you get them over there, we're trying to take them to. And this is the stack slide. This is what they're, this is, this is, if you look at all business, all it comes down to is like, you're going to give me money, I'm going to give you this. And so that's what this is. When you give me this amount of money, I'm going to give you this. So I want to make sure I know exactly what that is, that I'm creating this whole thing. Because a lot of times, my secrets that I create over here, the offer I'm creating is going to, like these things are weaving in together. So if I'm going to talk about traffic, that I'm going to have something in my offer related to traffic. Because I know that's a fault, I know that's a fault, like an internal belief, an external belief they have. So I need to make sure my offer has these things. So I'm looking at these like, now that we know this, we've talked about these things. Now I'm creating the offer, I'm going to figure out like, how are these things all going together? So I'm typically doing an offer, a stack slide, a few things. The first thing is like, what's the core thing that you're selling? And for a lot of you guys in here, it is some kind of training, right? So maybe a master class, whatever you want to call it, doesn't really matter. It's usually like the training part of your thing. And after you list out the training, then I assign a value to it. And the value is not like how much they would buy it for on the street. The value is like, and in fact, Tosh explains last event the best, it's like, what's the value of the result they would get from that, right? So if I go through this training and it gives me a better job where I increase my yearly, how much I make a year by $30,000, and that's worth $30,000, right? If I give you a training, it helps you be able to funnel me to $100,000 a year, like it's worth $100,000, right? So I'm associating that. So I might say, and I don't go too high, but let's say like this one, I did 997, and that becomes the value of the actual master class or the training. Now typically when I do mine, if you notice pretty consistently, most of my trainings are like six week master classes. There's usually a six week core thing tied to whatever I'm selling. And the reason why is in the past, I did trim trainings that were like, like my first one I ever sold was called affiliate boot camp, and it was a paid thing of $1,000. And initially I think I had eight modules in it. And then I got excited because people, I did an ask campaign for every single training call. And they gave me all the questions and I like taught on that. I kept getting more excited and more info. And those eight calls, and I'm training into like 27 calls. And the course of like three and a half, four months, and I like four month mark, I started asking people asking for refunds. I'm like, what are you talking about? They're like, yeah, this thing never ends. Like I want out. I want my money back. I'm like, but I'm giving you so much value. And like there's something about like finality. If you don't ever end, like people don't feel complete and they don't think they got what they came for. So I started making short and I started making like four week things. The problem with four week things, if I have like a 30 day money back guarantee, then like they get everything in the money back guarantee and then they leave. And I'm like, go. So I found my sweet spot like six weeks to get some past the refund period, but then it ends and then they're like sweet, we're done. And they have finality. They have an implemented. They have closure, which is important in a buying decision. They don't have that closure. Like they get annoyed as well. So for me, six weeks is like sweet spot. Sometimes we do eight or 10 to pay extra vacation. I think is it 10 right now? So it's not a, not an always thing, but typically in mind about six weeks. That's the reason why when you guys look at the stuff I do. Okay. So that's the, the training portion. Any questions about that part at all? Okay. Cool. Then a lot of people that are doing their stack. And I do this sometimes, I mean, it kind of depends on what you're creating, but for the most part you don't want to have like training and then more training, the more like just tons and tons and tons of training because that's just over. It's like school. Like I don't know how many of you guys struggled at school, but I did bad. I hated it. Like I didn't want another class. Like that's the last thing I want. It was another class. So I try to like make this, this training, this is like where all the training is happening. And you'll even see tonight when we go start going through the slides. Like I don't spend a whole bunch of time going through what's going to happen this week. We're going to do this and this week. I try to cover that fast because as soon as I go into the training, like all this stuff they're going to learn, they get tons of overwhelm. Like, God, that sounds like work. So I don't want, I don't want tons of work. I want this to be like, this is the training and it's six weeks. You're going to have the thing, you're going to have the result. We're going to be there. It's going to be awesome. Then I started transitioning out to like, okay, they have the training. What are the tools that I can create that is going to facilitate this training? Okay. So for me, the tool obviously is click funnels. Like click phones is the tool. Obviously some of you guys don't have click funnels, but the tool doesn't have to be software. Software is like one of the greatest tools ever. So you have software helps facilitate the training. It's like, I think the best thing, if you don't have software, like the next things I start looking at is first off how to build some software because it's really cheap and easy typically to make some kind of software. But the second thing is like, what are the things, like the byproducts of what you do right now? Okay. So like Liz Benny, when she did her webinar, she was selling her social media training and in that process she had to hire lawyers to build contracts and agreements with clients, all these like these tangible things that were like tools that she had to have in her business and that someone, if they were to sign up for this, then like, okay, I've become a social media manager and I have to hire a lawyer to build a lot of stuff. So she said, no, I already created the tools for you. Like I already paid the lawyer so you can get all my contracts and my things and that became the tools. So it's the shortcut that people will get because they're investing with you versus any anyone else. Okay. In our high ticket secrets webinar we did. We had the six week training teaching you guys how to build out a high ticket secret program and then the tool was basically our sales script. It was like a three page, two and a half page sales script was the actual tool. So it's like, hey, now you know how to sell high ticket things. How do you guys want my script? This is my proprietary way of how I do it. So it's two, two and a half pieces of paper, but that's the thing that people buy for, right? People bought Liz's things. They want those contracts. It saves them so much time and frustration and money. Even though it's like three pieces of paper. Okay. But it's the tools. So software tools, the byproducts of what you've created are tools. It's kind of thinking through like what are those, those tangible things they can get that makes this whole process so much easier. Like, oh, cool. I'm a lawyer now. Sweet. I'm in. Oh, cool. I'm sorry. I wrote my own script. I'm in. Cool. I don't have to have a webmaster. I'm in. Right. Whatever that thing might be. Okay. And a lot of times you can turn these con like you can take a contract and turn it into software product really easily. Like hire some of Elantz and be like, I need a website. They put in their name and their client's name. They push the button and it'll generate a PDF and pop out this thing they can then print. And now something in your contract is a software, like a software generating or a contract generating software generator or something. Right. And now something the value goes up because it's software even though it costs you 20 bucks to get done on, on freelancer and it's, it's ready to rock and roll. So anyway, it's like this might be on tools like the byproducts and things like that. Okay. Now what I'm looking at is we introduced, we know these false beliefs, right. And so we talked about and we've knocked those things down, but there's still apprehension. Like there's still like fear just because like you told this story. They're still like, this is the first time doing it. Like, so how do we create, what can we create to make these things easier? So I'm looking back here at right here, I have a secret number one. So what can I create right here to help make this process easier? Okay. Same thing over here and over here. So for example, like probably the clearest one I can explain is on this one right here, I talk about traffic. So I showed them how, I showed them one of our traffic hacks, how it worked. So I come back here to my, my thing. I'm like, okay, this is what I'm going to do is how many guys saw the traffic? Okay, what I'm going to do is that's not the only way I get traffic. I also get trapped in these eight other ways as well. I'm going to give you guys all the training and the tools that we do for our traffic team to get traffic. So that becomes like a tangible, it's tied back to one of these things. Okay. In my story over here, I talked about copywriting and like I built my funnel, I spent $20,000 for the sales letter. It's not freaking about like I got a higher copywriter. So then I give them our copywriting templates as one of the things. Okay. So you're kind of looking at like, what are the, what are the tangible, like you can do more training, something like that. I do more training cause you kind of have to like, but it's not as powerful as if I can have a tangible thing. Like here's the templates I use, the tools that the training gets me traffic that helps me build the funnel. If I can give you guys a whole bunch of share funnels, then you don't have to worry about building a funnel. Right. If I can give you the traffic, I can give you the copywriting templates, like whatever those things are that, that help facilitate like the fear of what these things are. We know these are their fears. So what do we, what can we create that kind of goes into that? Okay. So usually those are the next things in my stack are the tangibles tied to one, tangible two, tangible three. And then usually the, any questions about the tangible part? Yes. So a question, can you have a community or a group community could definitely be part of it, especially if part of this is like you're failing because it's you in an island and you need a group of like-minded people with you. Yeah. Like you could access our community of successful women or just like you who are all having you and blah, blah, blah, blah, for sure. Do you guys see the community as one of your parts of your stack? Cool. Yeah. So community stuff works awesome. Yep. Is this new from this summer? This part? Yeah. What's that? You didn't have this last summer, right? This slide? Yeah. The tangibles. This is new. No, no, yeah, that's new. Awesome. I started looking back at our, this all comes back to patterns. Thank you. As I go back through my stuff more and more and more, I'm looking like what are the patterns? That's something I realized. Because before I would like, yeah, make a bunch of offers and then you're good to go. And I started realizing like, I looked at four or five of my webinars and all of them consistently was like a training, some kind of tool, and then things were tied back to the things I helped them believe before. I'm like, God, so cool. Yes. Good job. Thank you. I appreciate that. All right. So those are the tangibles over here. You put it in your whatever you value those at. And then the last thing is you got to have something like the biggest tool that we have on our side to make money is urgency and scarcity. Like that's it. Like if there's nothing else you learn from this weekend, it's like urgency and scarcity is what gets people to pull a credit card out of their wallet. Without that, it's really, really hard. You'll get the hyperactives and everybody else will be like, oh, I'll do it tomorrow. Oh, like until there's the deadline, like it's really, really hard. So how do you create something that causes urgency and scarcity? So for ClickFunnels, we give people that sign up right now unlimited accounts. For other things, high-tech is secret. People that sign up at a certain time, we let them have a phone call with Robbie to look at their sales script. Like there's something that's like a finite thing where there's urgency and scarcity tied into that thing. And that's usually the bonus. And I would say, like, this thing's priceless because I'm losing money on it, so you don't have to associate price. But something that's like, it's priceless. And this is going to be the thing that gets them to like take action now. Instead of like, cool, I'm going to put my calendar, I'll think about it, I'll talk to my spouse. Like, no, don't talk to your spouse. Like do this today. It's not like, it could be gone by the time you do that. And that's the last thing. So for most of my offers, I'm looking at having five things, training, tools, tangibles tied to the three secrets, a bonus. And then from there, we add up the value. Now my goal is always, whatever I'm selling is make sure the value here is at least 10x what the price is. So if I'm selling a $1,000 product, I want to make sure the value adds up to over $10,000. I'm selling a $300 product over $3,000. Like 10x is what I'm trying to create. And you'll see tonight as we go through the slides, like after you've created that, then we got to get them to believe that it's actually worth that. And when they agree to that, then we drop it to 1 tenth, that give a 90% discount from what they believe is true, then it's really, really easy. So that is the stack slide. Any questions about that at all? No, you go second. She raised her hand really nice. Can you give us examples of what the bonus would be? I'm trying to think of something that's priceless that I have and I'm not totally sure. All right. So here's like my stack slide. And I shift this around. So in my presentation, I lead with click funnels and then I go to the master class. But for this example, I switch it. I think for most people, it's going to be the opposite way around. But unlimited funnels, a phone call with my team, a special group, just something that's like, they get them off their butts to do the thing. Okay. Over here, Stan. Sorry. I heard you say that you should take your best part of your program or whatever it is and give it away for free. Is that accurate here? I don't know. I heard you say on a webinar, I take the best piece that people want the most and give it away for free as a bonus as part of the stack. So I used to do more of that. So what he's talking about is like, I think the first time I talked about a perfect webinar, like what we were doing at the time is I say, if you stay on until the very end, we're going to give you this free thing at the end and that it helps sometimes. But the problem we had is that it makes the end of the cell all muddy. Because then you're doing the pitch, you do the call to action and it's really cool, but then you always question like, wait, where's the free thing? And you're like, oh yeah, we can get the free thing over here. And it starts getting everything all cloudy and muddy. So we just ended up cutting it all out to simplify the whole cell. So I think you can do it, but I don't think it's essential. I don't think that it caused more confusion for us typically than anything. And I think that if you create the right curiosity in the one thing and the three secrets, that'll pull people through as much if not better than like, oh, my witness thing at the end, or I'm going to get something cool there. That's kind of in my experience. And also, is there a limit to how many bonuses you would add? Is five the max or would you go more if it's a higher end program? I've done some offers I have more in this. For the most part now, I usually just do this. But you can do more, yeah. I've seen James Malinchek speak. James is like an amazing close. He's worth watching, but his stack is like the most insane thing I've ever seen. It goes on for days and days. When all said and done, he literally had you coming to his house and hanging out with him and his girlfriend as part of it. And it was still like a $2,000 offer. I was just like, I had some guy come to me and was like, I bought your thing, but I think I want to spend money here. I'm like, you should. You're going to go to his house. I'm going to buy it too. That was insane. I don't know how he even can do that, but yes, you should do that. That sounds like my offer before I met you. I know. You come to my house, we're going to hang out. I think those things are good, but at what cost? For James, I'm like, man, for two grand, you let these people come to your house, I'm not willing to do that. But. And is there any amount in total value where it seems so unrealistic that it's too far overboard? Like if you were able to present $50,000 worth of value and you were selling it for five grand, would that seem like? I would say yes personally, but once again, James Malinchek's stack ends up being like $130,000. For two grand? Yeah. But I was like, that's really worth that. You get to go to his house, so you're probably sleeping his bed with it. I don't know. It was insane. So I don't feel comfortable with that because for me it's like, all right. But he legitimately, it was amazing. So yeah, but for me, it's like, yeah, for me, I'm looking at 10X. And for me, it could be over $10,000 because I sell stuff for 10 grand, but other markets, I know it doesn't make. So 10X is kind of like my rule somewhere in there, so I'm trying to get it to. But I've seen people that are amazing do bigger. So it just kind of depends. And part of it's like when you do it, you'll feel it. And I've cut bonuses out because I share stuff with people like, all right, and there's no emotional connection. You can feel it. And my god, I'm just gonna get rid of that. No one even cares about that. And just to kind of simplify it. But some things, I said, at the end when James was like, and you get to come to my house, that's when everyone stood up and ran. And I was like, I want to go to his house. Let's go. You know what I mean? So yeah. Awesome, thank you. Yep. We're here. Alex, did you have something? Let's actually answer my question was actually just that. Our average product's about 6,500 to 22,000. And so trying to get it to like 220,000, I like to kind of keep it. So we've gotten around like 6,570,000. You think that would be, okay, cool. Thank you. Yeah, mine's still worse. After the last inner circle, we tried to institute the urgency scarcity part. And we're still having a tricky time with that. We even had like a discount on the program after the webinar. But when you're virtual and you're not like in person, kind of like what Alex is doing, it becomes a lot trickier to have the urgency scarcity play at the end of the webinar. That's what we keep struggling with. Mine are all virtual and it works. So what's the tricky part? Just what's the offer if you're doing like a program? I've told you you're off like three times. I'll tell you again. This time take notes. We've done this before. So I would do is I look, this is the deal. These are the best doctors on planet earth. They cure your migraine. I can't say cure, but if I could, they cure your migraines. They're super busy, insanely busy. As of today, I have eight spots that are open. We've got 350 people on the land right now. That means that 0.23% of you guys are actually having a chance to work with a doctor today. After that, it's shut back down. And your next opportunity could be four or five, six months from now. I don't know when it is. If you can deal with a headache for like four or five, six months, that's totally cool. But if you want it to right now, we've got eight spots. Actually, we have seven spots. One's gone. We've got six spots. We've got five. And I do like I say, like on my web rounds, I'm like, Hey, Julie asked people now, I'm on my base and I'm doing something awesome. Like, how many of you guys have already signed up? And like, you're like, I'm in, I'm, if you're in, have me in the comments, I'm in. And I'll see it all. And I'm like, okay, these are the people that are already in. Julie, you're in. Sam, you're in. Name off all the different names. My K-way 50 spots, this is in about 30, 25 or so. But you got to be bold in your, in those things, especially with what you're doing. Like you have real doctors fixing migraine. It's the simplest pitch on the earth. Like there's the calendar. There's three spots left. There's 230. I always say when I get the pitch and I'm like, look, there's 50 spots left. As of right now, we have 463 people on the slide. That means one out of every five of you will have a chance to get the unlimited count. Everyone else like you're screwed. So if you want to be one of those one out of five people, like you got to go right now. I'm not on my pitch yet, but go right now and start getting signed up because I don't want you to miss that on the unlimited count. Like when you guys become bold with that, like, like you legitimately have real scarcity. You just got to be like bold about it and like, don't let them off the hook. Cool. If you ask me that question again, I'm just messing. So my question is about the stack still. My mom has done the value at like $126,000, but the product is only two grand. Now I'm sure if I go back and talk to her and I'm like, now we need to get this value down. What would you say is a good value? If we're selling it for $2,000, what should that stack add up to at the end? This may be $18,000, $19,000 somewhere in there. $19,000, $20,000. Where is your price? We'll do that later. We're going to do that later. But okay. Yeah, but somewhere in there. You trade me well. Anthony. So do you think it would confuse the buyer if you gave them like a $2,000 credit to like one of your events, like Biohacking Week or something like that? Would that take them away from the offer? Or would that add stack to value? So there's pros and cons with that. I've seen some people do it super successfully. If it is what you are selling as the core thing, it'll jack up your everything because then people are like, well, can I come? Can I not come? And they freak out about that. If it's a bonus, but you make it where it's like, because people are like, I want to go that thing and then the dates don't work, they're not going to buy. So it's like, this is the deal. This is the ticket. It's good for the next 12 months. We do these every month or every other month for 12 months. You can come anytime in the next calendar year, whichever makes the most sense to your schedule. As long as you pitch it that way, the people that have had that work is that. People like, in fact, that's my biggest frustration with the thing. One thing I'm trying to sell our next event is I'm selling an event and I'm like, how do I structure that where if they can't come to the event, they're not going to buy. That's the biggest thing you have to be careful of. And if it's the core thing, a good example, here's my kind of like bridge. When we first started selling coaching programs, almost probably 10 years ago, we were selling like come to Boise and hang out with Russell for like three days and everyone was like, oh, this is so cool. So we'd sell that and then people would never come to Boise because apparently it's really hard to get here. Has anyone experienced that? Which sucks. And so that was the thing that nobody would know. People would come six months later, a year later, to ask for refund. Whenever came, like, oh, crap. So then we started like bundling coaching with it. So that way they did coaching and then that was kind of became a bonus. So then I was doing that, but then nobody actually showed up to the thing because they got the coaching and like, so it's kind of like there's somewhere in between there that can work. But just be careful because if it's, if that's what you're selling, then if they can't come, it's hard, right? But if it's, if it's a, yeah, as long as you structure that right. I think if you did it where it's like, it's anything who, I guess our James sold the thing in his house. Like, like, yeah, you can come to any of the ones of the next year. Yeah. That's a 2000 dollar value on it. And he says you have 12 months. Yeah. So, two questions. Cool. Thank you. So one of the thoughts that I had when it comes to keeping the sense of urgency and scarcity, I'm working on implementing this, but I've seen some others that are successful with it. I use the, and this is in my own business in social media marketing, I use the deadline funnel and I, and I'll actually be on the webinar and I'll let them know, like, if they're not getting in right now, after the webinar we do, like the offer's open for seven days. But then it actually closes out and with the deadline funnel we are using, we're tracking email, cookie and IP. So they can't like bypass it. They'll try and come in again later and it won't be there at all. And I'll catch them with a waiting list and then occasionally we'll open that waiting list again and offer it to them. But like that way they see that it's, it is legit. It's not like, oh, you can just, you know, clear your cookies and come back in and, and try it again. Like, it is real sense of urgency and scarcity that works for us. All right. Anybody else have any questions? Yes! Nice. Just, I was on the call with Sam for the day, so I think what he was, just to clarify, you mentioned on the call, if I remember, was like switching that if you have a, a software to selling, yeah. Yes. So we're talking, thank you for bringing that up. Okay. So one thing that's made our pitch work so, so good. And this kind of, if you guys are selling, I think most of you guys should eventually start selling softwares like a thing because it's like the greatest business in the world. Way better than anything else I've ever done by far. But if you have something where software is the pitch you're selling, selling the software is like the thing can work, but it's really, really hard. So I, when we were doing our first webinar, I tried a bunch of different ways. The thing that worked the best was like, what people are buying when they buy ClickFunnels is you are buying the master class. When you buy the master class, you get ClickFunnels for free for the next six months. How many of those want ClickFunnels for free for the next six months? And everybody goes nuts, all right. And then after six months, then we're going to start getting billed at the whatever month, right. And so that's what, that was the big thing for us is like, they're paying for the training and then they get the tool for free. Now I can say free over and over. Who wants ClickFunnels for free? And they're like, everyone's freaking out. And they don't even know what they're buying half time. They don't even want ClickFunnels for free, so they're giving me a thousand bucks for it, right. And it works. And the same thing Joel Irwe, he's written webinar pictures now for three different software tools. And same thing, he started initially selling the tool and then switched it to like you buy the training tool for free. And all three of those companies blew up after they made that transition. So just kind of a cool way to frame things. Anyway, so yeah, thanks for bringing that to school. All right. Any other questions? So in our case, buy the Academy for free. Buy the Academy, get the software free. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. For six months. And the other thing we initially, first of all, we had to click Funnels. It was buy a funnel hacks course for 997, you could click Funnels for a year. And then like after a year, like, oh, it's a long time for rebuild. So then I was all freaked out. Like, let's do it for six months. We cut it to six months and like no drop in conversion. I was like, dang. So like we keep talking like maybe do it for three months or like whatever. We haven't done that shrink, but like we saw no drop off between going from 12 months to six months. And then the rebuilds happened six months earlier, which is basically double, double on what's been made from everything, which is great. So cool. All right. So this is the plan right now, you guys. And again, this is like a huge part. Like I will sit for half a day in front of a whiteboard. And what we'll typically do is I'll say, okay, this is what we're selling. We're selling high ticket seekers, selling whatever the thing is. And we're going to whiteboard like, hey, like what? Like if I want to give my customers most amazing experience on planet earth, like what could I do? We'll list out everything. Okay. They can, they're going to get my training course. They're going to get our contracts. They're going to get everything we can think of. And then this and then, and at first try to give like everything. They're going to come to my house. They're going to come to the office. My wife will make them dinner. They're going to list as like the most insane offer possible. Like everything you could dream of that I would make this experience for them to get from your vehicle to the result, the best. We list those things out without having any judgment of like that stupid. We just list them all out. And then after we have all the ideas we can think of out there, then we step back and we're like, okay, my wife will kill me. So we're not going to do that one. We're not going to pull those things out to eventually come down like, here's like this now makes a really sexy office. I'm willing to do for that amount of money. And all of a sudden it's like, oh, cool. Now that's been plugged into here and that becomes the amazing thing. So what we're going to do right now during this exercise is, is within this framework, think of like how many cool things you can create if you're people and then like, okay, that fits here. This I'll put that in the training thing. Okay. I'm going to put this as a tool. I'm going to do this and kind of then put it into this structure and that's going to give you guys the offer. Now we have, now that we'll have the one thing, the three secrets and the offer, now we, now we have all the assets we need to be able to make some, some amazing things. Okay. So that's the workshop right now is to list out all the things that you could give someone when they buy from you, this thing we're going to be creating and then put them into that structure, add a value to them, make sure your values at least 10 X what you want to sell for. So you want to sell $300 course, make sure it's at least 3,000 dollars at least 10, if it's at least 1,000, at least whatever. Yes. Good questions on physical products. In fact, that's like, I always get kicked out of network marketing companies for this, but it works really good. Is like, I like, send it for, to join whatever company with me and I'm going to give you this and I like, big stacks. And that's how I always was really good recruiting until I get down to companies because they don't like you doing that. But I would do that. If I was throwing physical products, same thing. When I sell our supplement, we have a new supplement line coming out after the event. Same thing. It's going to be a supplement, but you get boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, shake, I'll be stacking the crap out of it. Because this makes us uncomodotized. If someone else has a similar training like, it doesn't matter. If I'm selling network marketing, everybody else does the exact same thing. I'm uncomodotizing it by making this stuff that's unique to me or my team or to whatever that might be. That means I can sell my supplements for 10X or whatever else is because of all of this crap. Stuff. Amazing value. Sorry. Yeah. How else would you create a urgency and scarcity if you're not limiting the amount of people you'll take in your program? I know you could do one-time offers. I know you could do discounts. Any other strategies for creating urgency or scarcity? Yeah. Anyone who buys on the webinar today, you get a free 30-minute call with me here. Or everyone who buys today, if you ever launch a membership site, this is like the greatest way to get people to join a membership site on the planet Earth. I should have told you this a long time ago. This is really good. Multiple times. So we'll do a webinar, go through the whole process, and then what we do at the end of it is this is the deal. The best thing I can possibly give you is this training on blah, whatever it is. And that training is actually starting in 15 minutes from right now. So you have a 15-minute window to go, you sign up, and then inside the membership, there's a link right there. You click on that register, and the live training is starting in 15 minutes. But you've got to go now. And then I tell everyone, and then they all start freaking out, and they start signing up, and then we start live training 15 minutes later. But first membership site launched, we got like, I don't know, 350, 400 members to sign up right then on the spot. And it was just like, and then we did it a bunch of times, and I haven't done it in a sense, which is really stupid. But it's one of the best things we ever did. So you have it ending, and a live training's happening, where they're gonna get the coolest thing possible, but they gotta be on it. That's magic. Can you use bonuses at the Earth? Yep, bonuses you can pull away. So this thing right here, I mean, there's so many ways you can do it. This is available to first 50 people, first 20, you know, whatever it is. And like, okay, this one just disappeared, you guys. Here's the next thing, okay? That one's just to be like, you guys are, wait, why are you waiting? Like, they're disappearing on you. Like, you can do all sorts of cool stuff like that. But either giving them stuff, or taking away things, or like, the best ways it caused, or just being in scarcity. So when you do the 15 minutes, do you like get off the webinar, and then jump over and start training? Yeah, I really did. It was really like hard, because you're like, you're like, everyone. And then like people are freaking out, it's like, my credit card ain't gone. And they're freaking out like crazy. And so you're like, okay, don't worry guys. Maybe give them like half an hour. Yeah, that might be smarter. I don't know, I'm gonna have a pattern to that. Yeah, and then I didn't even tell him, like this is live training, it's not gonna be our kind of members there. Like this is just for those of you as you can start right now, we're starting in 15 minutes. So it's just like a one off training, and then it goes into the standardized course after that. Yeah. I love it. Yeah. Having been through some of Dan Henry's stuff, and working with him, and I think he's now in the inner circle, one really cool thing he does, and this would really work if you're still doing live webinars. He actually has a few of his top students come in as like panelists, if they're using go to webinar, and has them do a lot of the responses. So they can say like, hey, I'm in this course, I've seen X results, instead of it always being him responding, he lets one of his students share a little bit more social proof as well. One nidgical thing we're doing, Liz and I are rebuilding one of the certification webinars right now. And when the webinar ends, what we're doing is we're gonna get like, as many as possible. How many do we have lined up to do right now? So the webinar will end, and then we're gonna sit there and have 14 people come in and tell their story, tell their story, and just be like closing, closing, closing like prove, prove, like prove, prove. Those will be recorded, yeah. And you can do them live as well. There's a lot of cool ways to do it. Okay, so now is the time for us to all create our offers. This is the key to everything. When you get this and this, then we've got all the foundation we need. Have some fun tonight, yeah James? Is this the same for going webinar application, or is this stacked like? Yeah, I do the same. Some people like, I know Joel is a little differently, he has a fast, but I do the same thing. I don't mess with what works, so. You get the price and everything, but then you say you gotta refine it. Yeah, I'll even tell them. In fact, if you watch how I do my surf kite webinar, I do the whole stack and everything that's supposed to cost, true value of $6,000 for 10, and then I do a whole take away. I'm like, this is the deal though, like I'm not gonna get a sign up because last year we had this dude sign up, I hate him, he's like, and I have pitched a Homer Simpson, I'm like, this guy's a moron, and I realized that this program is not for everyone, it's people that I am gonna hate, and you're gonna hate me, and it's totally cool, but now on people don't get signed up unless I think you're a good fit, so you have to apply, and some of my teams can find out if you're a moron, or if you're awesome. If you're awesome, we will accept your money happily, you'll come to the program, have a bunch of success if you're a moron, we will let not only have your money, so that's why you have to apply, and I have a literal slide with Homer Simpson on it, and make fun of this dude, because I hated him, and that's why we started doing application because of that guy, and so I tell it, and so, but I still like, I did the whole pitch, they know the value to know, and then they're getting on the phone, trying to prove like, I'm not a moron, I'll be so nice, you're awesome, I promise, and then the people are nicer when they show up. All the annoying people just disappear, which is nice, so. I don't think you could say that to one another. No. No, no, no. I think I can say that to one another. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. It might not work. It's a guy. Yeah, it might be a guy. There's a lot of women in our program though, so. No, it can't work. We can't copy it. I think don't be a pus. A pus. Liz says nicer, don't be a pus, Norris is the way nicer than me. No, no, no. So, across the videos that we were talking about, you do those after you do the Q and A, you throw at that thing. You finish up all the live webinar, and then you show the, Yes, that's the plan. After you do the, probably do that instead of Q and A, or in between with the Q and A, is when we're planning on plugging all those in. Questions? Yeah. Are all these bonuses and the stat, are they explained on a micro level, or a macro level? Are you going into detail? Yeah. Of what you're getting for that $2,000 value? Yeah, so after dinner, well, I'm getting, in fact during the next break, we're gonna give you the links to download all the slides, and after dinner, that's the plan. We're gonna go slide by slide, and you'll see how it all works. So yes. But we gotta have this first. If you don't have this, then you can't do the slides tonight. So, you guys cool with us doing it? All right, music on. Everyone build out your stack slide right now, and then we got one more thing before dinner after that.