Hey everyone, this is Russell. Welcome back to Mission Number 3. Should you choose to accept it? Today, we're going to publish your origin story. I hope that you geeked out on the story yesterday. You watched the videos, you went through the training, you printed out these scripts, and you have them in front of you because today, we're going to do it. I'm not going to go too deep into this because if you've watched this, you already know the story structure and the story process. I'm going to give you guys a video to actually see me do this. We did a big fad event here a little while ago and I taught this concept of the Pifny Bridge script and the questions. I got on Facebook Live and I told my entire story. I'm going to plug that video in here. Let me plug it in right here and we'll watch that right now and we'll come back and I'll break down exactly what I did. There's a five-year thing for me because I learned all the stuff from him and I'm like, that's awesome. What's the structure for me to tell this in a room where I've got maybe two minutes or I've got 10 minutes or I've got an hour? How do I do that? I've tried over the years, figure out different processes. In fact, even in the inner circle, I think I've shared two or three different versions of the new script. This is the one a week and a half ago when I was writing at three in the morning, also I was like, oh my gosh, it took five or six of my stories and I ran them through this. This is the first time where I was just freaking out. I don't think any of you guys have actually seen this image yet, but this is the most up-to-date version, the one that I am super excited for of the actual Pifny Bridge script. This is the magic. This is going to be the template that all my stories run through now and it makes this whole concept simple. I want to share the heroes to your journey so you guys see from a higher, here's how the whole thing works, how do we do it for our intents and purposes? These are the different pieces of it. I'm going to walk through it all because if you get it all, it's just really powerful. The first key is we always start with some kind of backstory. Part of it is we talked about heroes to your journey. You have to, people have to care who you are. The problem is with you as an expert, they're seeing you up on this mountain and they're like, dang, look how awesome this person is. If you're up there talking down to them, then there's no empathy. They don't care about you as much. For you to have real empathy and impact on something, you have to get off of wherever you're at, the results you've already achieved and come back down over here to where they're at and be like, hey man, guess what? I was in this exact same spot. I remember what it was like and it sucked. There's some cool stuff over here I can show you, but I need to tell. You start your journey, your story there. As I'm telling the story, I'm talking about the result I want, the journey of achievement. I want to achieve this really, really cool thing. We started going into the desires. With the desires, there's two kinds of desires. There's the external desire that most of us are willing to share with people. Like, oh, I want to lose weight or oh, I want to make money or oh, I want to whatever that thing is. Most people only tell people around them, like we're all comfortable sharing our external desires. For all your business, I can tell them it's usually really easy. The reality is that's not really what people want to do stuff. I don't want to lose weight because I want to lose weight. I want to lose weight because of some other, like there's an internal desire that's the real thing that I'm trying to get and trying to accomplish. Usually to get to the internal, what I usually do when I'm asking someone if I'm trying to write a script for them or whatever, I start asking them why. Why did you want to lose weight? Why did you want to end up asking why? Why? Usually it's like five or six or seven whys until they break down and they become vulnerable and they're like, this is why. That's the interesting thing. What happens is when you're telling your story and you come to your back and you talk to them like, look, I wanted to make money. I wanted to lose weight and you tell your external desires. They're like, cool, that's what I want to do too. As soon as you're willing to say, but the real reason I want to do it is this and you share this deep internal desire, the same thing that almost everybody has, no one ever talks to that level. As soon as you do, it's like instant rapport. They're like, dang, that's what I want too. I've never told them that because I'm scared. They just told me and they were willing to tell me, like, oh, like, in all sense, instant connection. So for you, understand in your story, like, here's the extra one I want, but then like digging deeper to figure out like why you actually wanted that. And most of you guys know it sometimes subconsciously because we're taught to bury those kind of things. But if you ask enough whys, whys, whys, it'll come down to like, boom, I did this because I want, I want to impress my dad or all my wife to accept me or all my kids look up to me or whatever like those core desires are. Like that's the real reason. Okay. And if you, as you look at heroes to journeys, like the first journey is the, is going after the external desire and the journey of transformation is actually the internal desires. Cause it's pretty cool when you, when you realize that, right? So that's the first one. So I'm sharing those things initially cause I want, I want them to know that, that, that they, I feel what they feel. I've felt that before. And then that brings me now to this wall. So I have these desires. I have these things I want. Then I come to this wall and I'm stuck. And what I realized that morning a week and a half ago, guess what that wall is for everybody? It's the current opportunity you're in. It's current opportunity they're in. So I'm in this wall. I'm in this opportunity. I've been trying to lose weight through this means, through this thing and I can't do it anymore. I'm stuck. You were stuck and you show like this is, I hit this wall. I was trying to, to get that result. I was stuck in this vehicle. I hit this wall. I can't get forward because the vehicle sucks. Like I cannot, it's impossible for me to move forward cause the vehicle on me in. So for me to have success, I have to leave this vehicle. It's just scary because my whole life I was taught this is the way to do it. I have to get out of that vehicle and come over here to a new vehicle. And it's like, oh, scary. But I got to show them like I was willing to do that. Like my whole life I learned this is the way to do it. And as soon as I say, okay, I'm not getting my result. No matter how hard I try, I'm stuck in this wall. I'm stuck in this vehicle. I'm going to go on a journey cause I have to figure this out. I have to get that. That's my goal. Then I walk over here. Boom. And so then I started doing something started happening. Okay. And that's where I start telling the story where I have this epiphany and the epiphany I have is the new opportunity. Like I had this epiphany. Wow. I need this thing and that brings down like that presents this new opportunity. So this is the new vehicle I get into. I'm like, God, I had this epiphany. And also I realized that that was the thing and I got into this new vehicle. Like sweet, I'm in this vehicle. It's different. I don't know if it's going to work yet. I just got here. Now what do I do? Okay. Well, I have a plan. What I'm going to do is I'm going to try this, this and this. If I go on this plan, this is my plan to try to get that result. I'm going through this plan and somewhere through the plan there's this conflict that happens as I was trying to execute this conflict and I struggled and I couldn't get through because of this thing that happened. But then at the end, two things happened. Number one, it's I achieved it or I didn't. I achieved it. I got my external desires, which is cool. But the coolest thing is not that. The coolest thing, the color transformed. The internal desires I had back there, that's what actually mattered. I'm showing them the resolution of the hero's two journeys. And that's the epiphany bridge script. Is that amazing? Yes. Oh, anyway, I got chills just going through. I'm so excited. And so that's kind of the process. And so I also broke it down into questions that make it super easy for us to be able to have it, right? So the first, if you look through this, there's a couple elements. There's eight elements. Backstory, desires, the wall, the epiphany, the plan, the conflict, achievement, and transformation. And I spent that night, if you guys watched my Snapchat, that's what I was doing until 4.30 that morning was this. I was just nuts and I'm freaking out on Snapchat. I'm like, I can't believe this is happening, but I'm freaking out. So I wrote these questions in a way that gets me to actually do the right thing. So the backstories. What's your backstories? It gives us a vested interest in your journey. It's not what your backstories, but why should I care about you? So that's the first question. And then you answer that. Well, you tell the back story. It gives them a vested interest in your journey. Number two is what is the desire you want to accomplish? What were the external struggles you were dealing with and what are the internal struggles? I'm going to share those. Then we have the wall. What's the wall or the problem you hit within your current opportunity that started you on this new journey? It was physically impossible for me to grow and get what I wanted because of this opportunity I'm stuck in. Okay, then you had this epiphany that you experienced as you went on this journey. They introduced you to this new opportunity. And you had a plan. What was the plan you created to achieve your desire? What was the conflict you experienced along the way? What was the result of what you achieved? And what was the transformation that you experienced? That's magic. Yeah. What do you guys think about that? Okay. It's going to take a while. I don't want to. Good. You got three minutes. Just kidding. No, but I'm kind of serious. So this is the plan to be now on lunch. I want to push you guys and I'm going to push myself too. So what I'm going to do and what you're all going to do is I want you guys to think, and this fits in any story, but specifically I want your origin story right now. We're going to be talking about all the sub stories after lunch. Right now the origin story, the thing that gave you the initial pith and it got you into this vehicle to your right now. Why are you here? Why are you doing this thing? Okay. So you see how simple that was? I didn't like script it all ahead of like these questions in front of me and I just went through it and told it. So for those of you guys who are writers, you're going to write this out. You can get the Pithy Bridge questions and you're just basically going to answer them in story format. Tell the backstory. What's the backstory that gives us the best interest in your journey? Hey, my name is Russell Brunson. I want to tell you my backstory about how I became the greatest hot dog flipper in the world or whatever your thing is. And then tell the backstory. Like this is what happened. I was like blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, and tell your whole backstory. And then what was it you want to accomplish? What was your external struggle? What was your internal struggle? What was the wall? What went to Tiffany to the plan andкихon from the Chief Ewmer Transformation?- like just go through this whole process. So that if you'reSONWRiting qualified for this whole process. Now, if you're doing facebook live and you get nervous, read through these questions a bunch of times, have this in front of you, like literally have it right here, and have your phone back and beap shake shake shake shake shake and don't forget. Okay number 2! What's next we talk about is my wall! Number 3 and then feel free to freestyle and go back and forth with you talking to the camera, looking down on the script. Like don't feel awkward, and if you're getting started with this, the best thing about it and in your mind the worst thing. like nobody's gonna be watching this. The best thing is that nobody's gonna be watching it, right? You're on your fan page where you're doing this. Maybe you have like two fans, maybe it's you, your mom, and probably me, right? There's not a lot of people at first, right? But it's about you finding your voice and practicing this. Okay, and so the origin story's gonna be the very first one. If you're doing a podcast, same thing, get your microphone back, hey, I'm Russell Brunson. This is episode one of my podcast. Before I get started, I wanna tell you guys my origin story, how I got started, and you tell your story. Now I love it for the first podcast, first Facebook live, first blog post, because what happens a lot of times is when you fast forward and you've published like 20 years, right, or five years, whatever, year from now, people will come in and they'll listen to two or three of your episodes, read two or three of your blog posts, and they love your stuff. What they always do is they go back and they binge start from the very beginning. They're gonna go back to the very beginning, they're gonna read your origin story, and they'll start moving through, okay? And so I love having the origin story as the very first thing, because the origin story is the best way it connects somebody initially to you. It gets them sold on, it gets you, they really tell them the original reason why you geeked out, why you got so excited about this thing, and that way you're able to go and actually connect with them. You have them, you have the big epiphany, and then they'll follow you wherever you need to go, okay? Now, we're gonna start telling stories a lot over and over and over again, so I don't want you getting caught up in stress now. I want you just to be awkward and nervous and just do it. Just click record and go. If you're here in Boise right now, at our old fat events, when we were doing them here all the time, like literally that's all I would do is I had everyone, I taught this concept, I said, okay, go in the hall, you're not allowed to back in until you've done it. I don't care how scared you are, like go click record and go, and people were freaking out, people hide in the bathrooms like, oh, all sorts of stuff. I need to put, like this is gonna be pushed for some of you guys, it's gonna be so scary, you're gonna freak out, but it's time, you're ready, okay? You're one funnel away. This is the whole point of this challenge, but it all starts with you finding your voice, getting this message out there, okay? And so it's either you're gonna write it, if you're a writer, go to meeting.com, this is your first blog post. Facebook Live, turn your Facebook Live, click go and boom, the first Facebook Live on your fan page, and number three, if you're a podcast, this is the intro episode. Now, some of you guys are like, well, I already have a Facebook, I already have a big fan page, I already have a Facebook Live, I already have my own blog, like quit making excuses, just wherever you're at, start, okay? If you've done 30 episodes, now's the time to tell your origin story. If you've already told in the past, tell it again, I don't care, okay? How many times have you guys heard about my potato gun story? How many times have you guys heard of my wrestling stories? How many times have you told, like I don't tell my stories once and I stop, I tell them over and over and over and over and over again. Comes back, we were talking about a couple of days ago, I'm testing my material, I'm figuring it out every time it gets better and clear and I start learning new things, okay? I promise you, you will get more tired, you'll get more, like you'll get tired faster of your stories than your audience, okay? You have to remember that, like it kills me every time I tell my story, I'm like, oh, I have to tell a story again, it's like the 50,000th time I've told the story, but for these people in this audience now, it's the first time for a lot of them, it's the second or third, they just need to hear it again, that's okay, okay? Be comfortable with telling your story more than once because you're gonna need to tell your story more than once, okay? When I do my, when you start getting into your funnels and your Facebook Lives and all the other stuff you're gonna be doing as you start growing your companies, you're gonna be keep telling the same stories over and over and over again. So don't freak out, just do it and the best thing about it is it'll be the worst one you ever do and the next one will be a little better and a little better, but today is the day we publish your origin story. So this video is gonna be short, I just wanna push you off the ledge, that's it you guys, so go and publish those things, I'm sure Steven will be jumping in here in the Lives, yelling at you to make sure you do it because I wanna make sure you don't miss it, it's simple, it's easy, it just takes a little bit, it's scary at first, I totally understand that, but we have the whole entire Funnel Hockey community behind you, so in fact I would recommend inviting some of the people we've met in the community, watch my thing and come critique it and get other people in there as well cause you feel more comfortable with some of your friends around. So that's it you guys, today is the day you publish your origin story, have some fun with it and we'll see you tomorrow. ["The Funnel Hockey"]