So now I'm gonna come back here to the new opportunity. So as I was going through this, I'm like, well, how do you make new opportunities? Like, what does that look like? And I kind of figured out there's two basic new opportunities you can give someone. Okay? So the first one is called an opportunity switch. Okay, so right now, and we'll give this a story as well, like the people that are, that you want to follow you. Let's say they want to lose weight or they want to make money or they want to, whatever that thing is like, they're already trying to get the result they want in some other vehicle, some other opportunity, right? So let's just say I want to lose weight, so I am, I don't know, let's say I'm doing the, what's the diet? South Beach. South Beach, so I'm in the South Beach side. This is my world, this is the opportunity, the vehicle I've stepped into. So they're doing something. So you're coming, you're saying, look, your vehicle sucks, lead pages sucks, since you're just off sucks, right? Like you're in a bad vehicle. I'm going to switch you into a new vehicle that's going to get you to where you actually want to go. Because you're sitting here, you're trying to get there and you're like, I can't get there, like it's stuck, like the stupid car doesn't work, the tires are just like, this is horrible, right? So you're coming to them and saying, look, that opportunity in your house is bad, it's wrong, whatever you, you know, however you want to fluff it up if you're nicer than me. Like this is, like, come over here, this is the new opportunity and then now we can go on, get to the result you're trying to get to, right? So it's an opportunity switch. Okay? And typically every business I believe should have one opportunity switch, or I'm switching them into, it is what my thing. And typically that's your front end offer, okay? I'm taking you from whatever it is you're currently doing, I'm switching you to this new opportunity. This is the new thing I want you to go into, okay? That's why a lot of my friends who've been doing this for ten years, like as long as I've been doing it, the biggest thing I see them doing, and I had this problem for a while as well, is they come in and they launch new product every, like, 30 days. And they're like, switching opportunity. And then everyone buys them, and they go, hey, and they switch it again, they keep switching it, and they keep, and like, the customers, can you imagine like this, like, schizophrenic, they're going through, like, okay, I'm in this thing, yeah, and they're like, oh, he's talking about this, okay, I'm over here, and they're like, and they keep moving, and moving, and moving, and like, because of the customer stop losing faith, their status goes down, and they leave, they walk away. Can you notice, like, what have I been talking about every single day for the last three years, you guys? Fun ones. Fun ones, like, I haven't changed my message, like, this is the new opportunity, come join me, this is the new opportunity. Then when you're in, so I've switched you from whatever opportunity you're trying to, you're trying to invest in real estate, you're trying to make money doing other things, like, whatever opportunity you're in, I'm switching you to my opportunity, this is where we're at, and then, the rest of my value ladder is opportunity stacking. So now you're in this vehicle, how can I make this better for you? Okay, I'm going to stack an opportunity, so I'm going to say, look, using ClickFunnels, how would you like to become certified and actually make money as a ClickFunnels consultant? This is an opportunity stack, I'm not shifting your focus, but you're already in this vehicle, here's the new opportunity, and so I'm stacking an opportunity, now you're a certified partner, okay, I'm looking at things like that, certified partner, like, you're already doing funnels, how many of you guys need funnel scripts, you can actually have sales letters, okay, I'm going to stack this opportunity, so I'm looking at, like, I'm not shifting people from my vehicle, but any other opportunity I'm making needs to be a stack, where it's making whatever the original vehicle, it ain't better, okay, so I'm upgrading the tires, the car, like, all those kind of things, okay, and so that's why I look at these kind of things, is the opportunity to switch and the opportunity to stack. And so, typically, in everybody's front end business, the first thing, so it might be a book, it might be a webinar, it might be whatever, sometimes it's the thing that at the ad, I mean, it could be whatever that is, but you're trying to think through, it's like, what is the current opportunity these guys are in, and what am I switching them to, right? So the first, the initial offer is a switch, okay, and then after that, I think I have an image of this, hold on, oh yeah, it's two four, I'm gonna go, okay, so the first thing is opportunity to switch, so I'm trying, so like, let's say the expert secrets book, the dot-com secrets book, the funnel hacks webinar, switching them from whatever source I'm bringing them into, you switch them into this opportunity, then after that, and I'm like stacking things, okay, so these are the other things that I sell people, so we got click funnels, we've got funnel scripts, fill your funnel, there's a new course coming out, certified, so these are all opportunities within this opportunity, does that make sense? And the switch to the stack, okay, now where are you switching them from, so if I go, let me go back one slide, so this is typically happening, if you come back to what we talked about with the sub-markets, okay, so you guys came here, you had your core market, your sub-market, you created your niche, okay, so this is my niche among all these other niches, so where the opportunity switches, typically number one is within this, here's all the other people, so I'm switching them from whatever their thing might be, from Akin's diet to South Beach, or those things, I'm switching them from there to my thing, or a lot of times you can switch even out at this level, so right now they're investing in real estate or teaching them how to make money in internet marketing, so you can step a level back, does that make sense? So we sell our stuff to real estate investors, we sell our stuff to stock traders, because they're trying to get the same result, if they're in wealth they're trying to make money, so I'm just switching their whole thing, if they're in health, with Anthony we came with biohacking seekers, like Anthony was initially a weight loss health coach, and we kind of stepped back and said, look, let's create a new thing, it's biohacking, it's different, but you can go step back now, and anyone who's trying to get the end result of health, he can bring all those people in, he can switch from, okay, I'm trying to lose weight, I'm going to biohack, I'm trying to do a diet to buy, like you can switch at both those two levels, okay, so that's kind of where the switches are usually happening, so that helps, when we get to the traffic side of things, this will make more sense, because you're seeing like, where am I getting my traffic from, what step, you're getting it from here, or you can go back, back one level and get it within here, does that make sense? Okay, I don't understand this stuff with kind of complex things, but like, they'll make more and more sense as we keep going through these, I need you to read the book, okay, all right, so the biggest thing to understand is that the new opportunity is a vehicle, you're putting somebody in, and the goal of that is to get them some result, right, like that's, that's it, and so for you guys, I want you to start thinking about that, is what's the result that these guys need, what's the result they want, and what's the vehicle I'm going to put them into, the new opportunity, this comes back to kind of, we talked about earlier today with defining your niche, but what is that actual vehicle, what's the, what's the thing, what's the opportunity, so kind of a simple way to do this, we broke it down into a who what statement, so I'm going to be teaching real estate investors how to flip houses on eBay, there's my opportunity switch, these guys are already in a vehicle, I'm taking them to my new vehicle, okay, I'm going to teach weight loss people how to become a lady boss, or whatever, however you phrase that a little differently, all right, I'm going to teach internet marketers who are trying to, you know, I teach experts how they can, how they can get their message out through funnels, okay, so that's kind of, it's stepping back to the sub market, you guys, or sub niche you guys created earlier, now it's coming back to a who what, so let's take, let's take two minutes, we're going to think through this, so I'm going to be teaching my sub market, whatever that is, how to blank, and this is the new opportunity, okay, all right, so I feel like that one, I had way more questions on, which is good, because it's hard, right, how many of us felt like some pain trying to figure out like how in the world is this new opportunity, like this is, like how many of us felt a little bit of that pain, hopefully, okay, good, so that's the good thing, so this is not something that a lot of times, some of these don't just pop out like in five seconds, you have to think through them, and especially if you're in a market that's super well-defined, where tons of people are doing it, it's like how do you, how do you do that, how do you break out, how do you actually create a new opportunity that's a new thing to be a new vehicle, but when you have it, like that's the key, that's what drives all this kind of stuff, who here has one that they're willing to kind of share what your new opportunity is within your market, Tasha, nice catch, that was making me a little bit nervous, her two scarier status doesn't go down if she dropped it, she caught it, now it's up, so this, I struggle with this after you taught it at expert secrets, but I think I've got it now because I found my ideal client, and I'm going to teach local select successful experts how to monetize their gifts online, when every time I talk to them and I say I do it online, like all the women's heads turn towards me, and I've realized that that is a new opportunity for them because they're not focused on this world that we're all in, so do you think that that's still a new opportunity for people that have not ever been exposed to it? Two things that are cool in there, first off, do you notice like as she picked her, her market, like I've seen tons of people in expert space and it's like experts, but you said it wasn't experts, it was like say again the local, local successful experts, like I don't want the new the beginners, yeah, so that's cool, first off that like identity that breaks down to like a very group of people where you're speaking specifically to them, and then the new opportunity is to help them to get online, so with them it's because it's also market like it's it's tough because every market's got different levels of sophistication, right, so like in my world everyone knows to get online, that's a big thing, but then in this other market like that is a huge new opportunity, like I've never even heard of that before, right, and so I think the way you phrase that and the market you're going after, I think it fits perfectly, it's a very new opportunity for those guys, so I love it, give her a round of applause. All right, who else wants to go? Carrie, whoa, nice catch. Okay, so mine is I'm going to be vulnerable because I don't know the answer to this, and so I'm hoping that you guys can help me define a little bit more, so mine is a fitness and exercise program, which there's a million of them out there, but the difference between mine is is that as I've been involved in the fitness industry for over 20 years, I can give you all of my credentials with it to impress you, but the thing is is my personal experience, and that is I can tell you how to lose weight in your 20s of all the struggles that you have, I can tell you how to lose weight after you have babies because I've had four of them, but the thing that's not being discussed with women is that 35 to 55 age group where you are in the thick of raising kids, you're in the thick of life, and at the same time you want to do something with your life, so it's just trying and your body changes so much, so my thing is making your body great again, teaching women how to exercise less because we don't have the time, and then also eating more fat because our bodies have changed so much. That's awesome, so the new opportunity is, so the market, so first off, so we kind of walked through that, so the market is like, is moms of that age with kids that are running around going crazy, so and everyone like, the more you can identify, like niche down your market, the better, the worst thing is when people are like, yeah, everyone buy my product, I'm like, yes, everyone will, but like, it's impossible to target everybody profitably, like if ads were free, then we can go after everybody, but we can't, so it's like, the more you can identify, I think that's perfect, and then the new opportunity for them, excuse me, is through shortened workouts, and through higher fat diets and things like that. What do you guys think? Yeah, I think it's awesome, it's great. Any other feedback? Great thing, everyone? We're a little focusing on the fact that you work out less, like that would set you apart. Yeah, definitely. Do you have something up here? So, give everybody else, self-care is not selfish, and give everybody else around you, what is the best of you, not what's left of you? That's awesome. Travis has got an idea too. I'm going to teach busy moms 35, for 35 and older, how to exercise less and eat in a way that's going to restore the youthful hormones they had in their 20s, because that's kind of a pain point, is the hormones. So, you're eliminating, any of this? You guys want to share theirs? Yeah, I just want to add one thing to what you already said. Tony Robbins always says, you know, if you're talking about oxygen masks on an airplane, it's critical that you put yours on before you put it on your kids. So, I think if you take care of yourself, you'll be better able to take care of your family. So, all right. Anyone else want to share their new opportunity, or have questions about new opportunity we can all work on? Over here, we'll throw it to Jaren. Becky, sorry. Good thing these things are soft. So, I've kind of been a similar issue where we could sell to everybody, and I'm trying to, you know, take more of a rightful approach where we're picking one sub-market, at least for each webinar. So, one thing I'm going to teach single moms how to have confidence knowing your home is protected, your home and your kids are protected, something like that. Cool. So, I like the market. Right now, it's a new opportunity though. So, how do we shift that because it's protected through what? Like, what's the vehicle that's the new opportunity? Gotcha. Yeah. So, it's a security system. And the main point that we've had is that they'll own the system without the pains of being sold by a creepy salesperson, having a really expensive system that's thousands of dollars more than what they actually should be paying. So, I guess I might need to identify one of those points and tie them with that. So, the securitizer. The securitizer. Is it like a new name, right? Sure. Because the biggest thing, yeah, because the opportunity, the vehicle, because again, the new opportunity is all presupposing that they're in a vehicle. So, right now they're trying to protect their home through what, what are they doing? Like, you got a gun under your bed? Like, you've got speed dial? Like, they're in some opportunity. Like, by default, everyone falls into something to try to get their result, right? So, you got to speak to that. Like, what's the opportunity you're in? Like, you got a gun under your bed, you got mace, you got whatever, like, okay. Now, you could go and do this thing where it's going to spend a bunch of money and, you know, the guy's going to come and the dude installing your things probably creepier than like the guy that's going to break into your house and he's, you know, like, now he knows the codes to your house. Like, does that make you feel comfortable? Like, that's, that's your opportunity or you can make my vehicle over here. We send it to you, you get the pass, where do you get the codes, no one else can break in. Like, you can set up in, you know, in an hour or whatever and it's, like, that's the new vehicle. So, I think the one thing we got to understand is like, it's becoming really clear and is like, by default, they've already chosen some vehicle they're in. So, you realize like, what are they already doing to try to get the result they want? If you really understand, like, that's, like, that's the thing, then it's easier to make that new opportunity. Like, no, like, you, like, that's not the right thing and these are all the reasons why, like, you need to come over here because this is, this is the vehicle you should be able to get that result that we're trying to get. Let's throw it over. Wouldn't your thing be avoidance? I don't know that they're looking to buy something. Single moms, they're busy. Do they realize they need something? I would think that they're avoiding that they have a problem, that they have a security issue. Just ignoring it, putting it in the rug. I'll deal with it later. I think that might be, but I don't know how you deal with that with your new opportunity. I think, well, this is, when people normally sell security systems, you guys don't have a whole, like, games played. And the sales guys look for, like, where they were break-ins and then they, generally, they were broken yesterday and that's how they sell it. So, it's like, targeting crime and, like, yeah, that comes down a little different, but it's definitely got to be aware of it, before you can just be like, hey, but, you know, that's another conversation for the day. Does that help a little bit, though? Kind of, to help everyone kind of, hopefully, this process, I want to make you do a bunch of these so we can, because this is, like, the hardest piece. And I want to get stuck, like, leaving my guy, I can't figure that out. I'll just keep selling my thing. We even had a, during the break, we were talking and he's like, I can't give this to fit. Why not? Why not? Why not? And I was like, because you're selling an improvement opportunity, like, no matter how hard you try, it'll never fit within this, because you're telling them, like, how to make this vehicle better. Like, you're in this crappy opportunity. We're going to put new tires on it, like, okay, put new tires on it. It's still the vehicle. It hasn't changed. Like, it's got to be like, I'm getting you to step out into this new vehicle and send you to that. Like, that's the magic where all these things come in. If you can't figure that out, it means you're probably selling an improvement offer. He even says, like, well, mine's better. I'm like, ER, like, is a dead giveaway. ER means it's an improvement offer, and better, smarter, faster, stronger. Oh, that was a bad one. Sorry. Thank you. Nice try. All right. So I identified, we have three different clients before I came here. One is an Amazon seller that's not making money and trying to improve their business. One is somebody who's working in corporate America and wants to have this type of e-commerce business lifestyle, you know, make their own hours type of thing, make as much money as they can type of thing. And the third one is people that are successful in other businesses and want to put a family member or someone else related to them in this business, because it's a little bit passive, residual, and it's very scalable. So we have three different customers. So I don't know if we're in the new opportunity business or the improvement business, and do we market to those three clients in three different ways? And what's the value proposition there? Is it? So good question. So a couple things. Most markets, like we've got six, five customer segments that we put into. So I got different messages for each of those. I'm still putting all of them into a new opportunity. So like a new opportunity for the corporate person is like, look, your job sucks, you're miserable, you hate your life, right? So like on the weekends, we get this new opportunity, we're going to build up, you know, and you got this, that's easy new opportunity. For existing Amazon sellers, like I'm already selling Amazon, so my question is like, that's going to be a little hard one to figure out. What's the new opportunity? Like, why is yours different than the Red Ocean that they're- Well, they're not making a lot of money. They're doing 10,000 a month when they could be doing 100,000 a month. What's the difference? What's the new opportunity you're going to put them into? We're teaching them how. Well, everyone teaches them how. So what's the new opportunity? What are you teaching me? What's the process you're teaching me that's different? Different sourcing methods, different strategies, different techniques, different- Our stuff really works. I mean, no, no, no. I know it does. I'm not discounted that. But what I'm saying is like, for someone who's listening on your webinar, they're like, I've already bought six Amazon courses, like, what's the new opportunity you got? You're like, yeah, we're going to do it better. All right, well- We have results. I mean, there's a lot of- Everyone's got results, so- There's a lot of misinformation. Okay, that's why I don't know. How do we- That's what I'm asking you. So- We have results. We have concise, accurate information. The track record. We have our own success. Okay, so all those things make you better. What makes you different? Me? Our passion, our one-on-one coaching, our consulting. Maybe that's- Maybe that's- I know you're buying courses and studying and stuff like that. Like, we're not talking about that. Pre-recorded content. Yeah, that's expired. Like, these courses were published in 2006 or five or whatever now. Maybe that's an opportunity. Like, look, we're not going to do courses like everyone else. Like, we're doing it through coaching or whatever. I don't know if that's the right answer. We're only coaching calls and we're doing all that. Webinars, conferences. Again, sometimes you may not find the answer. Like, I'll go back to Andrew O'Brien, my lunch with him last week that was interesting. So, like, his first offer was like, I'm going to teach you guys how to do PR. And like, nobody bought. He's like, okay, crap. He's like, okay, I'm going to teach you guys how to have someone on your staff do PR for you to think bomb. He's like, okay, crap. Third offer, third offer he gave out, which was new opportunities. Like, how about this? I'm going to go and launch new business. It's going to be in the biohacking space. I'm going to take this. I'm going to spend three months doing PR. I'm going to blow this thing up to the biggest company on planet earth. And I'm going to let you guys come in and watch behind the scenes as I do it. And then one of you guys who are in here, I'm going to give you the business when it's all done and just be your business. You can run with it. Boom. So, the hundred overnight. Because he's like, he told me that I was like, okay, my new offer. I'm going to build a funnel and you guys are all going to watch me and then I'm going to give some of the fun. Like, it was so sexy because that's like, like, this is the new opportunity. Like, I'm going to see the whole process actually in action and then someone's going to win it at the end. Like, oh, that's so exciting. Like, that's a new opportunity. It's not just like I'm going to teach out at PR because nobody bought on that. It's, you're going to come and we're going to do it. And you're going to see me actually, like when we pitch fill your funnel at the funnel hacking live event, that's our new traffic course coming out. Like, I'm not going to pitch a traffic course. Everyone's got a traffic course. It's not a new opportunity. But I'm going to pitch is like, how would you guys like to come to my office and watch as I go from selling zero to a million copies of my book and introduce you to every single person that's driving traffic month by month into our offer. And not only we introduce you and we hang out with them all, we're going to show you the stats and numbers of how many we actually sold from each of these sources day by day. So, you have a clear pitch of what's happening. That's a, that's a unique opportunity, right? How many of you guys want to know that? I'm in, okay? Because there's a thousand traffic courses. That's what I'm competing against. I'm in this red ocean. So, how do I make this different? Okay. So, that's what I'm always looking through. You see, same the expert secrets book. Like, how many expert programs are there's a whole bunch and they're like, how do I monetize your message? So, I'm like, here's how to build a cult. Like, that's my difference. Like, this is my new opportunity. Like, I'm not talking about like monetizing your, like, we'll do that. But we're building the cult. All you guys, we're building cults. Like, that's what I'm doing over here. Culture. Sorry. You know what I mean? But it's like, like, that's, that's what you got to kind of look at. So, Andrews, at the end of it, they've been following the process and then he's going to have assignments throughout the process where people are, anyway, at the end of it, someone's going to win the business he created. So, one person in the group. He has thousand bucks. Yeah. I'm not sure I'm going to give a business away at the end, but that's what he's doing. It's a sexy offer though. Like, for all you guys, like, how do you, you can, like, what's that? Yeah, I'll clone the funnel. But for me, it's like, we're actually doing this. And because the biggest problem I have with traffic courses is like, like, we bought all of them multiple times, right? And everyone's like showing you all this stuff. You're like, that sounds really cool. But like, there's no, like, I want to be, I'm switching in this role with like the reporter, like, I'm going to bring in the best YouTube dude, and he's going to train me. And then we're actually going to do it and report back our stats. And if it makes us eat our sales, like, hey guys, that one sucked, don't do it. Like, but I want everyone to see it be part of the process of the creation of this and the thing. And like, I think it's everyone invested interest in what I'm doing, which comes back to the whole, like everything else trying to do with them bringing people into the, into the world. Yeah. So is it a different message with the same funnel or a different message with a different funnel for different types of clients? Like one is a lifestyle, one is a, you know, a side hustle, one is. So initially, like, when we first launched ours, I had one message, one webinar, I'll show this tomorrow, we go through that stuff. But it was like, they would come in and I would like, Hey, how many guys are retail stores? How many guys? And so I kind of like self identify all of them. They're like, Hey, this is more for everybody. And then which worked, it's not as efficient. The, we have project super funnels, what we call it inside our office in March, we're launching our new fun, our new thing, where everyone comes through and it segments, and there's six different mess or five different messages based on the five different segments. So it's way more intense, takes more time. So initially like compile it, but then longer term, like eventually it makes a lot of sense. Like there's a lot of breakage you're losing out on. But I would do, like for me, I go for like, what's the low hanging through, like the one that most of my people are coming through, and then focus on that and get that one perfect. And then when it's working and all then can switch the next one. But it works, you can do the same thing with just one, one mass message, not as efficient, but it works as well too. Are you talking about splitting the traffic into five different pages based on segmenting, like what just the live phone or whatever that you just launched, right? Yeah. Smart funnels. Yeah. Yeah. So the, so exciting. So we call it project super funnels. So basically what happened in March, you come to ClickFunnels homepage and it'll be me being like, Hey, welcome to ClickFunnels. And if you're here, you probably hear about a funnel is you're probably wondering like, what kind of funnels right for you? We got, depending on what kind of business is depends on what kind of funnel you want. So there's a quiz down below, take that and we'll find out what kind of business, what kind of funnels you should use. They take the quiz and pops it out of one of five different webinars. And then it speaks to them specifically. So if they're a retail business, I show here's the three best retail funnels, how I would do to five retail person, boom, they're a coach, some coach funnels and just kind of, so there's five different webinars. Yeah. It's a lot of work, man. Thank you for appreciating that friend. Yeah. All this on top of all this other crap I'm doing, but it's going to be amazing. I can't wait. So yes. We're launching tonight. Who wants in? So if it works, if it doesn't, then who knows. Just kidding. Yeah. Cool. Anyone else want to share theirs or have questions? Got it. Okay. So I have, I teach successful women how to create the love and relationships they want through caring for and getting to know their human. They said the last part. Through caring for and getting to know their human. Do you know that they're human themselves? They're human. They're human. The men are confused, but the women understand that. I don't know. We're not our deaf and fast. That's like Brandon asked me a question during the break. So we can do this. I'm like, I'm not a woman. I have no idea. Like you should ask the women that question. Well, it's just, I've started talking to people about themselves. It's kind of like the third person. So it's like, okay, like, what is your human like? How does your human feel? And it gives them enough space to like observe themselves without like being in it. So that's kind of how I'm like tackling self love, self care, self, like courage and like all of these things. So it's just saying like, okay, like, what does your human want? What does your human need from you? So let's sit back one first to the sub market. So the sub market, you said we're successful women. Successful women. Okay. Do we on each side not even any further? Successful in certain area or just all? Well, I had just said women and then I was like, well, successful women would be nice. Rich successful women, lots of money they want to blow on. Is that too much to ask for? Who used Trello? Yeah. So good. So I say successful women is good. But even if you can, if you can just sit down and we're not doing it right now, but even one step further where it's like very specific and like, what are they successful in? Because then it's easier to target them. Like, Garry, why I think it's the best example, like attention married businessmen. It's like, like boom, boom, boom, there's who we're going after, you know, I'm a married businessman. I'm in, you know, I'm a successful woman. Like that's such is still so broad. It's like, oh, I'm successful in something. And then yeah. And then the new option. So what's the option they're currently most of them are currently in right now? Like, what's the what's the thing they've pretty much chosen this point? So I think that most of them are like looking at counselors, like relationship, like marriage counselors, therapists, self-help books, things like that to try to create better relationships for themselves. But they're not, they're, they're still putting it out on somebody else. Like, oh, he's not showing up that way when it's really like, how am I showing up? Like, what am I doing? Because they've gotten really good at finding the problem and everybody else that they haven't turned the like the lens on themselves to see like, oh, it's me. So that's why I'm like, okay, well, why don't you get to know yourself and like have a good relationship with yourself so that then you can create a better, like a good relationship with somebody else. It's just the new, it's, I see it as like a new way to create relationships. Okay, so the current opportunity is let's just say counseling or self-help books. So the new opportunity, say that again now, down that lens. Getting to know yourself. Is to get to know yourself. Like realizing that, like the relationships you want to start with you. How do we say that in a way that's like, The one person that you haven't blamed. Just kidding. Just go, oh yeah. The one who when So again, I'm not a woman so I don't know what women want at all. But like the men like John Alms is like, how to get women to come to you. Like that's what all men want. They just want to sit there and have them come, right? Like, so for the female, from the feminine side, like what is that that, because I think they like the problem is you is like, that's hard too, right? Yeah. So say, how do we phrase in a way where it's like, So that's good. But again, that's red ocean. Like that's, it's too, like what's the new vehicle? So what's the process? The process you do it through is conversations really like honesty, honesty, vulnerability and authenticity. So that's what I'm talking to them about. What are tangible things that are That's, that's the really tough part for me. Do you do the quiz like the 16 personality stuff that we do with you guys? Do you do that part as part of it? Like what if there's something out of there like, like, I don't know, like the five love languages was huge because there's new opportunity like, wow, like there's five love languages and one of the thing and soon as you've like, that's such like for me was like this, oh, like huge thing, right? Like maybe if you take all your, are you women through that process? Yeah. So even when the people that come with the, with the five love languages, they're like, well, I know that these are my two love languages and that's how he should love me. And I'm like, whoa, take a step back. It's more about becoming multilingual and seeing all the ways that love's coming at you. Hold on, this is getting good. This is good crap. Okay. So here's my vehicle love languages. You're like, no, like the new vehicle is multilingual. Like speaking to love language people is like, that's the new opportunity is like, no, you have to be multilingual or whatever that thing is. And that's a very tangible, how to become fluent. Yeah. That's if she's targeting five love language people or maybe it's 16 personalities or something. The languages are wrong. There's a way to throw it out. Yeah. How people use the language. Love language. Does that help? I want to spend a lot of time on this because everyone's business, like these are the interracies of like, if you were sitting in my office, I'd be asking the same questions because it's like, I want to, I want to feel that just like, yes, like this opportunity sucks. I want that one. And if I'm just like, huh, yeah, I guess I could do that. It's wrong. It needs to be like, yes, yes, I'm leaving. I'm opening the door, getting out, getting in your car, like, let's go. Where are we going? Over there. That's a better way to get my result. Like that's what you got to be thinking about this. That's what we, I call it like the vehicle, like it's vehicle. Like what's the new thing you're plugging them into that they can now drive off to get the result that they want. I think that, I'm going to go back and edit my book now. I think the big key piece is like, understand like, pre, like that they picked a vehicle really understanding that because that helps you to be like, okay, I have to get them out of that into this new thing. And they're all in something like, if they're coming to you trying to get a result, they're in something. They're in some vehicle and they're bumping around and having no success. So you got to assume that they're in that thing, like how do we get them out of that into this? When you figure that out, that's like the piece. Okay. So again, that's something that takes a while sometimes to figure out. Do you guys feel more comfortable with it? Yeah. Hopefully any other questions about that at all? Thanks. Oh, so that was so close. I'm so sorry, back. I was like, if I nailed her in the head and she nailed her head, there's going to be a really bad day. I'm so sorry. No more questions for you. Tell the someone. So obviously I have some stuff to still work on on mine, but thinking through a couple others. I think a big part, if you can identify the pain point, so like if they've already gone with somebody to help them in their love life, any pain points, they've, you know, the common roadblock, the common pain point, I think that can be a really big thing that can help, again, niche you down even, even more to be the blue ocean. Like everybody wants to sell their house or like whatever the the main offer is, but like what is the main pain point, you know, often associated with it? And if you provide the solution without that pain point, I think it'd be a really good addition to it. Okay, so I'm also an Amazon seller. I'm pretty clear on my short term new opportunity. Redemption funnels, we talked about like how Groupon and Amazon pays me to steal their customers through the redemption stuff. It's going to be awesome. And I'm very confident it's a new opportunity. And I only want to sell to like people already doing 50,000 a month, let's say or above, but the real new opportunity that I want, and I really only got this like after our call and being here and reflecting back the last few years is I found a lot of Amazon sellers that are killing it are miserable. Like they lock themselves in a box like doing working in their underwear, which is fun for a few days. Ask me how I know. But basically they even extroverted people, they the business is very introverted or can be and you can still get success. And like once I started realizing opportunities off of Amazon to actually require like relationships and stuff like that, not only did the business go up, but like my fulfillment went up. And so the real new opportunity is like to start doing masterminds like fun stuff like nature because we're on computers all the time. So like hiking, ayahuasca ceremonies, like crazy fun stuff that would get people like pumps, like not like yacht stuff, but like more interpersonal. What's that? Ayahuasca Academy. But my challenge is that what if they don't even know they want that new opportunity, the next level opportunity. So do you stack it? Like do you not even mention that thing? Because in the flip side, like people might be like, oh, it's a lot of work. I'm already making 50 grand. Like I don't want to like call people up on the phone and hang out with them and stuff. That's why I typically a lot of hiring stuff is it is more improvement based, which is why it's horrible on the front end. Like inner circle on the front end is like the worst offer ever. Inner circle on the back end is like the greatest thing in the world because like the people that do want to improve end up coming and it's awesome, right? And so same thing I think for you is you get the opportunity to switch the brings the people in and after you have an in is stacking new things and you can have things that are layered with improvement because the right people will ascend. But it's hard to pay, it's hard to buy media into improvement. Like it's just hard to make the numbers work. We're super easy on on the change. So I think it's bring them initially with the opportunity to switch. Yeah. And then stacking it to like the other things. But how do you, how do they get status change? A lot of it would just be fear based, right? So a lot of the more money you're making Amazon, the more scared you are that's all going to go away. But how do you on the flip side, what's the positive status change? Yeah. So he's got a cool thing. He has these things called redemption funnels. Just so you guys know where it's basically gets group on to pay him to send people to his free plus shipping offers. It's nuts. Group on gets pretty really cool, right? And so you have all these guys who are freaking out like stat like, and I know exactly talking about I got tons of like work, a lot of them, they're like, Amazon's, you know, my friend lost his can't lost his count like, Oh, I'm making a million bucks a month, but this could go away any second and they're freaking out, right? And like the fear of status decreases of all of a sudden I'm the biggest, you know, I'm a kingpin, then disappears overnight, right? So they're looking for my opportunity like funnels so they can like keep their maintain their status or increase it. And the same thing for you. It's like, look, if this is what you're doing, like, there's a huge, like huge chance of status decrease, if this thing disappears, you're like an idiot in front of everybody and you have to like give back your stupid cars and all those things that you don't shouldn't be buying, but you did anyway, because it drives it fast. And you're saying, look, this is stability inside of that where he's got all the stuff. Yeah, like this, that's, that's the thing is stability, like maintains your status so that this is not going to drop so that if the market does shift on you and everything crashes, like, you're going to be okay. And your status doesn't go down and it's like a huge playoff of that. And then I don't like, because my bigger mission or why is, is to actually encourage people to build relationships and come to these things that I got, but don't mention that's initially and you can mention that's not what drives people to take to pay, right? But those are all things that help stick that everything else become like it's us all the cult building stuff afterwards that happens, but it's like, it's hard to sell that. Like if I would have, if you guys saw ads like come to Boise for three days, we're going to talk about like weird things on Russell's new stage. None of you guys would have bought that. Like it's weird, right? See you guys made a couple of people. Hey, I might even, you guys did. But the first time you introduced me that one, none of you guys would have came in, right? You had to do the option switch where you're like, whatever I'm doing, you guys were network marketing, you were at acupuncture, everyone's got like a thing, right? And the somehow you came into my world and I was like, whatever you're in sucks, come over here, funnel world's better. You come over here and you're like, oh, this is cool. And then I can like, hey, come to Boise and this hang out is inter-circle. Like all those things become interesting now, but it's a horrible front end offer. Like it's a horrible front end offer, but it's amazing like everything else. So, and I can talk about like, you notice like through my podcast, everything I'm always talking about inter-circle, I'm talking about the things like that, some drop in seeds and making and creating belief and desire in these things. I'm always talking about it everywhere, but I'm not really selling it hard. In fact, what's crazy in inter-circle we had, we're pretty much at 100, but always going to ebbs and flows. And anyway, I think in January we had, I don't know, like 12 open spots or whatever. And like, they all got filled up without me doing a single ad, just because I'm talking about all the time and like mentioning it. People always like apply like, is there any spots? Like, oh, there actually is a couple. And then, but it's just cool, like it stays filled up without me doing anything now at this point, but it's just kind of, it's coming from like just always kind of talking about that within the culture and people just kind of ascend towards that. But again, it's a horrible front it offers. Hard to make the hard to make it work there. Chris. So I was just looking at mine and listening to everybody else's here. I started off saying, I'm going to teach acupuncturists how to create an authentic high volume cash practice, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. There's, I stuff this thing with everything they could possibly want in one sentence, but after listening to you guys, then I'm like, okay, I'm going to teach serious growth-minded acupuncturist how to successfully shift into an authentic high income blah, blah, blah. So it's like, it's a new opportunity. It's like where they are their vehicle right now is they're not, they don't have a high volume, high income time leverage practice. And for them thinking about like, if I say create, it's like, I've got to start over. Now I'm going to teach them how to shift and like get out of the vehicle. Yeah, exactly, shift into the new. So I don't know is that, I mean, what is that, does that really sound? Things sounds good. So one of the things like on your people will find, you'll find out quick, like if that's like resonates with them, or maybe it's, I know like a lot of times some of my buddies are like chiro gurus and dental gurus is like their shift is like shifting from like insurance practices to cash base. Like we're, I don't know if that's what you're doing or not, but like that's the new opportunities like look right now you're collecting insurance, it's painful, it's always horrible things. We're shifting over here to cash basis and that's the shift and that's what their whole businesses are built on. So I'm not sure if there's something more tangible like that, but yeah, you're getting cool. Yeah, cool. All right, let's do this because this is kind of a deep one and I want to do something for a transition to next stuff because I think it'll be good. So let's let's do a walk and talk, grab something to do this time. Now based on what we kind of talked about, like share what your new opportunity is. And again, this is comes back to talk about with my Bulgarian coach, like don't be a bad partner. They'll make, yeah, that's awesome, man. If it sucks, tell them like that's not a new opportunity. That's an improvement offer. Like how do we make this better? And let's, let's do that for a few minutes. You guys cool with that? All right, keep the music and let's find a partner and share your new opportunities. You guys getting this part of it? This piece is like the most important and it's the easiest to understand, but the hardest to actually figure out. So it may not come to you right now, but it's something it's worth working through and kind of figuring out. Cause when you get that, it becomes easier. Stephen had kind of an epiphany he wanted to share, which that was really, really cool about how to structure the new opportunity for some of you guys who were really stuck. I don't know how to do that. Do you want to kind of talk about your epiphany? So a lot of you guys, I mean, when you think about the sub market itself, obviously there's going to be other people selling similar things to what you're doing. One of the easiest ways to create a brand new opportunity and create the niche is simply by switching up the way you deliver the same content someone else has. So you think about what Russell was saying about that really cool, sexy offer where, Hey, come out and for grand, you're going to watch me build a business. And at the end of it, you're going to give it to somebody. I mean, that might be the same as what somebody else is teaching. He's merely switching up the way someone consumes it. It's a very easy, fast way to create a new opportunity. Thank you. Think about that. Like everyone else is selling books. How many books have you bought? Books don't work yet. It kind of my live event, right? Oh, everyone goes live events. It's so stupid. Like we do is a mastermind. Everyone is mastermind. So like that can be, that can be the switch is like the delivery mechanism. How that was really cool. All right. So let's come back to here. So we talked about this, right? So here is your customer. They're currently in some kind of opportunity, right? And they're trying to get to this goal over here. They want so every business here, the result is different. They want something tied to their health, the relationships, their wealth, like there's something that they're trying to get, right? This is the result. And so you're coming up to him saying, like, basically, like this opportunity, you're now sucked. You're never going to get there. No matter how hard you try, it's not your fault though. I want to encourage your dreams. I want to justify your failures, right? We're going through all the persuasion stuff. And you're saying, but this right here, this is the new opportunity you're jumping into. And this new opportunity is the key that's going to get you up here. Okay. And so that's kind of what we're doing, this whole opportunity switch.