Okay, let's go out there and find some keyword targets, right? So let's stick with our golf theme and let's say that we want to target golfers. We have a course that's going to help them improve their golf game. Specifically, their golf swing is the capture page we have that we want to promote. So let's go ahead and look for some keywords. So again, just doing standard keyword research that you would do for search engine optimization or any kind of advertising will work well. So this is just kind of a glance over. Maybe there'll be some ideas here that will add to that. But let's go out there and grab some keywords. So first, let's go to Google and here we can search for golf. And what I'm going to do here is Google suggests to look up different keywords. So I'm grabbing a lot of information here just by typing in the word golf. Right off I know that golf galaxy and golf channel must be really popular. Golf Smiths are right here. If I didn't know before these might be websites available that I could advertise on, also keywords that I could target. I mean I could target golf galaxy and anytime anybody sees that phrase together, it will pull up. So this one actually seems like it came up because it's local to me here. That's why it's so popular in Google search and Google suggests. So yeah, so here I am searching golf again. So Google's suggesting a bunch of keywords already. So grab all of these and you can target those and see which ones will work in. I mean this one's kind of interesting. So a golf card game. You know, so somebody's interested in that. I guess it's just a card game kind of like poker or something. But you know maybe that one wouldn't be right. But I guess what I'm saying is that there's a golf game out there and I'll allow the golf game. People who are playing online golf games might really be interested in playing the actual game. So that's an example of a keyword or target that's not so linear, but it's kind of branching over into a horizontal market, but somebody who would possibly be interested in your product. That's not. I don't know if we go directly to golf swing. These are all keywords that you're going to want to be trying out as targets. So here's a bunch of keywords you could probably shoot for, stuff like that. So I mean Google's done a lot of the work for you. They're showing you right here what the popular keywords are just in Google Suggest. So grab those and use those as your targets. Another thing to do is ask your account representative with your ad provider. Oftentimes they have lists in certain niches, so they might have a golf target list that they could suggest to you, which is great. And then once you've built your target keywords, you probably know a bunch of, I mean you have seed keywords just in your mind. A seed keyword is something that is obvious, right? So golf swing. That's what our product is, is golf swing. And that's a seed keyword. So going from a seed keyword or any of those keywords in the Suggest, the next thing we want to do in our research is find URLs. So let's find URLs that are going to be ones that we want to target for our display ads. So what I do is I type in my seed keyword up here in the search bar. And just by default, I mean just because of their organic ranking, these sites right here and these ones right here paying for ads are going to be the ones that get the most traffic, right? So what we want to do, you know, we want that volume. So we come here and for each keyword we grab the URL. So we're going to copy that. Right, we're going to copy that and save it as one of the URLs we want to target. So anytime anybody's out there looking under the keyword golf swing comes to one of the first entries on this page, they're going to see our pop up. So what I would do is actually go through however many keywords you have, put them in here and you know you can probably pay a guy on Fiverr to do this for you or something because it could take you a few hours. But put all your keywords in here, which will bring up the most popular websites through here both on this column and in this column. Grab the first one or maybe two pages of results. You know again grabbing the ads too because people click on those that's why they're there. I'm grabbing all these results and using those as URL targets as well. So that way you're getting in front of the most popular websites and the most popular keywords. So those are some ideas there for how to go about collecting your targets to get ready to put them into your PPV campaign and optimize them. Again, any other kind of keyword research tool that you have available to you would help too to grab some more targets and expand your ability. And like I said again, think outside of the box. So you might even want to think well what demographic loves golf and what demographic buys golf swing products and instead of just always targeting specifically that keyword golf swing which is obvious and is often a good idea, maybe you could go a little incognito and also target people who buy expensive shoes. Maybe the people who buy expensive men's shoes are the same demographic who are working on their golf swing, something like that. So try to find those parallels that aren't so obvious for some really good keyword targets too.