Why? Because stats actually suck. Drops as many as he catches. But he does. His drops are as bad as his catches. And the drops are at critical times that catches aren't. He loses you more games than he wins. A ton of money moved to him. Why? Because he's TO. Not for any other reason. And he's still in Dallas and Bill isn't. Why? Because the money moves to the biggest celebrity. Money moves to the biggest promoters. Money moves is attracted by speed. Money is attracted by self-promotion. Money is attracted by something that is exciting. So money moves for, if you will, reasons of its own that don't have anything to do with moral judgment. Money doesn't go where it's most needed. If that happened, all of the real estate development of late would not have been in Las Vegas. It wouldn't have been in Miami. They were already very well developed. All the real estate development money would have gone to New Orleans and Bangladesh and Somalia. And everybody would be building high-rise condos in Somalia. If money went where it was most needed, it doesn't go where it's most needed. It goes for other reasons. So it is important to become an accurate thinker about how money moves in society and then to put those forces to work for you, not to either ignore them or to fight them. And certainly not to align yourself with false beliefs about how money moves. For a lot of people, the finite thought thing gets in the way because they believe that if they take $30,000 from this person, this person is now $30,000 poorer and has $30,000 less to spend. I use that number as an example because we know quite a few people who are in multiple $30,000 coaching programs in the same niche. Not only are they in one, they're in two, they're in three, in some cases they're in four in the same niche. So how come the first guy taking $30,000 from them didn't paralyze them for the second guy and the third guy and the fourth guy? There's a variety of explanations for this, including the fact that a buyer is a buyer is a buyer is a buyer. All populations continually resort themselves to $5.15 and $80. So there's 5% of every population who buys everything. There's 15% of every population who buys a lot. There's 80% of every population who buys nothing. And so in a given niche, if we take dentistry where Charlie is in a given niche, if we go analyze who's in every practice management group and in every coaching group and in every client group, you know what we're going to find? 5% of the profession are in a creplote of them. 15% of them are in some of them and 80% of them are in none of them and are never going to be in any of them. Doesn't have anything to do with the money, it has to do with human behavior. So the zero sum game doesn't really exist either. So let's talk about the forces that move money over which you have control. The first is what you decide. So loops to what we talked to you today. You make all the decisions that control whether money flows to you or whether it does not because these are the things that really control the flow of money. So you get to decide who you want to be. Nobody else needs to have any governance over that. We were talking at dinner, Lee and Carl and I and Sidney exchanging where did you grow up and under what circumstances did you grow up? And the stories are interesting and if anything what they have in common is a sort of environmental need for resourcefulness at a young age. But fundamentally where you grew up has no impact whatsoever on what you decide today about who it is you are going to be. It doesn't matter whether you grew up in Manhattan or whether you grew up in Poughkeepsie or whether you grew up in West Virginia or whether you grew up in Bangladesh. Proof is by the way. So sometimes we will hear oh you know these poor people who are in the ghetto and their third generation of all of our people and the only role models they ever see are drug dealers. You know they don't have a chance except we can go find stories of people who have come out of that exact environment and are fabulously successful and fabulously wealthy. Now the losers amongst us think where there's one there's a freak accident.