So why would there be anything else? Is there a Sears? Is there a Neiman Marcus? Is there a Nordstroms? Is there a Macy's? Is there a Target? Is there a... and when we drive down the street the only car we should see is a Kia. Can't buy a cheaper car in a Kia. So it's the only thing we should see. So you guys got a Ford dealer over there? How can you possibly be staying in a business? You got a GM dealer? You got a... And now if you've managed, if it's not the area, but it's your customers, and you've managed to round up all the cheapskates in your area, as your customer, what did you do to round up all the cheapskates? You picked them. Yeah. So this whole thing about price and movement of money and how money moves mostly has to do with what you believe about price and money and how money moves. And it doesn't have to do with much else. My old friend Foster Herbert said more people have more hang ups about money than even about sex. And he's probably right. So people come to our kind of business with an entire complicated belief system about money that mostly gets in their way. So I thought tonight we'd just talk about a few of those things. One is the actual way in which why money moves from one person to another in a... in society. And most people think it moves for reasons that it does not or that is controlled by things that do not control it. So here's some great... here's a couple of great quotes. This is... Let's show through that. Yeah, not real well, but... Money's like fire and element has little trouble by moralizing his earth, air, and water. Well, what does that mean? Well, it means houses of good people catch on fire, not just houses of bad people. Seemingly, system would have been designed differently, don't you think? I mean, really, the only houses that ought to burn down are houses where evil, nasty child predators live. Why does the house of a really nice person with a good family burn down? Bad system, right? Well, because fire doesn't make any moral judgments. Fire sets fire to stuff that's ready to be set fire to. So the electric plug goes bad. Fire doesn't make a judgment of, oh, electric plug goes bad, but it's in the house of really nice good people. So we won't burn their house down. We'll wait till a plug goes bad in the house of some evil people. Fire doesn't do that. Money doesn't do it either. Money makes no moral judgments whatsoever. And so a lot of people have the idea that purely by being good people, they will prosper. That's not how money moves. It doesn't even move based on delivering a good service. That's not how money moves. I told you, the best adjustments I've ever got, the best chiropractors I know are the most impoverished. Because they don't understand what makes money move from one person to another in a society. They think it is the exceptional value of the core service that they deliver. And that's not what makes money move. Some of the things that do make money move, if you carefully observe, we ended talking about one of them today. Celebrity makes money move. Money moves from people to celebrities. Now we can have a whole other conversation about their ability to keep it. That has to do with them. That doesn't have to do with the movement of money in the first place. But all you have to do now is pay attention to Forbes publishes a list each year, not of the 400 richest people, but then they do a 400 richest list of celebrities. Go look at the numbers. Go look at how... See the actors, 30 years ago in Hollywood, an actor was an employee. You hired him for a couple hundred thousand bucks a year. He made eight movies a year. He made the movies you told him to make. Not anymore. That whole system is upside down. Pro-sports is upside down. The money moves to the celebrity. Not necessarily to the most talented. We can all find more talented singers than Brittany, who aren't getting the kind of money that is moving to Brittany. We can find more talented athletes than the... How come a whole ton of money moved again to Terrell Owens?