Ladies and gentlemen, this next individual I'd like to introduce is the reason that we are all here this weekend. About eight months ago, he brought to the marketplace something that we all desperately needed. The ability to make professional looking sales funnels in a matter of hours as opposed to months. Since then, ClickFunnels has had over 7,000 active members and over 200 people are joining every single day. Wow is right. And you don't, whoo is right, exactly. You don't get that. You don't get to experience that. You don't get to have that if the product that you've created isn't awesome. Isn't what the marketplace needs. So speaking of awesome ladies and gentlemen, here's what I'd like you to do. Go ahead and stand up for me and welcome to the stage Mr. Awesome himself. The reason that we are all here and the gentleman who is responsible for ClickFunnels, one of the nicest, most genuine marketers yourself. Mr. Awesome himself. Mr. Russell Brunson. It's better when we stick together. Sounds like you're not my friend. Wow. Thank you guys. You can sit down. Wow. First off, I just want to, I just want to thank you guys for being here. When we first started thinking about putting this together, my biggest fear is like, what if nobody actually shows up? And even like 30 minutes ago, you can ask my team, I was back here stressing like, what if nobody actually shows up and you guys showed up? And I'm so honored and grateful to have you guys here. And I just want to give a shout out to my partners Dylan and Todd. Like those two guys are the ones that built ClickFunnels. We've had people that have come in tech teams come in that are just like, you mean you had two guys built this. Like this is what takes typical tech teams, 15, 20, 30 guys to build. And those two guys built it and done just an amazing job. And recently brought in some more guys, Winter, Jones, Dylan's brother and Ryan. And some other tech guys to help grow it and scale it. But they were the ones that built it out and it's just amazing what they were able to accomplish and what they are continuing to accomplish. In fact, this weekend we're going to be releasing two new features in ClickFunnels just for you guys. Who here wants to hear about those? Alright. And they've been working on them like crazy for the last, well for a long time, but there are things that aren't like little feature changes. These are big things that are going to change my business. And most of your guys' business is forever and I'm, it's like Christmas. I can't even wait to show it to you guys. But that's kind of the game plan. So we're going to have a fun day today. And I'm just honored again to have you guys here. And I hope that over the next two or three days we can just give you guys some value and some ideas to help take your companies and grow it. When we kind of were putting this event together, we wanted to make it a little bit different than a typical event. With like a whole bunch of speakers coming up and all that kind of stuff. We wanted to make it more than that. And so you'll see kind of the format, the way it's going to work is I'm going to be coming up and talking about different funnel types. We've got a couple other speakers that will be sharing some funnel types as well to really help you understand kind of the overall concepts behind things. And then we're going to be bringing up inner circle members and ClickFunnels members to show off some of the cool stuff that they're doing related to those funnels. Just to give you guys even more ideas about just the cool things you can do inside of ClickFunnels. And it's going to be awesome. We've got some amazing people that are going to be sharing with you guys. But that's kind of the game plan. So I'm so excited right now. This is awesome. All right. So to begin with, some of you guys may have heard this story. When we first launched ClickFunnels, I told the story on the video to register for this event. So you probably heard it a little bit. But when we first launched this about eight months ago, I wish you could have seen like, you know how you launch a new project, you have your spreadsheets, and you're like, we're going to get a billion dollars in the first 30 days and you're like, map out the best case scenario, right? And so we thought, we honestly thought within the first 30 days we'd have 10,000 members. That was our goal. So we were like so excited and we did this launch. And it was kind of embarrassing. Like when we did the launch, we had a couple hundred people sign up and I was like, man, like, do these guys not understand like what we're given to them? Like what this tool can do? What is it doing for us right now? And so we had to come back and try to figure out like, how do we demonstrate this and show us in a way that will inspire people and help them to see kind of how we use it? Because we were using this tool to make, I mean, insane amounts of money and grow our companies and just do all sorts of cool stuff. And so we thought, how do we share this in a way that we can kind of, you know, share with everyone to help them to understand this? And that's when we came up with the idea of funnel hacking, which is the process I've been doing for about 12 years. But we never like labeled it anything. We just kind of, this is just kind of how we did it. And so a couple months after we launched ClickFunnels, I spoke at one of Mike Phil's events and I first time ever shared this concept of funnel hacking. And this is how we do it. And then we walked through the process and people got it. Like it was exciting and a whole bunch of people signed up from there. And from that point forward, the next three or four months, we did tons of webinars teaching that process. And we watched ClickFunnels go from a couple hundred members to a thousand, to 5,000, to over 7,000 people. And right now it's growing like Devon said, about 200 people a day. And which is just insane to me. It's so much fun watching the growth and watching what you guys are doing with it. And so the kind of the theme of this event when we put it together is we wanted to talk about funnel hacking, that concept, because I think that's what really can help you to understand how to take whatever your idea is, whatever your business is, and take it and grow it to the next level. I was talking to Jason. You guys have a chance to probably meet him, I'm sure, sometime during the event. But he was talking about how ClickFunnels and this funnel hacking concept is taking his business from... When I first met you, how many months ago did you join the Inner Circle? Three months? I think November. So November, however, five or six months ago he joined. And he went from having this other business that was doing well, but nothing in the funnel came in and boom, boom, boom. And he showed me his stats last night. He's already almost at $200,000 in sales from these funnels. Going through this process, funnel hacking, building out a funnel, launching it, and it's just been insane to watch how fast he's gone from nothing to almost $200,000 just following this process. And so what I wanted to do to kind of begin this event out is kind of to recap the funnel hacking process for you guys. Some of you guys have heard me talk about this before. It might be review for some of you guys, and some of you guys this might be a completely brand new concept. But I wanted to do that to make sure that we're all on the same ground and the same kind of starting point. And I'll probably dig a little bit deeper in some of the concepts than I typically do when I talk about this. When I'm typically sharing this, I'm selling click funnels at the end. If you guys aren't click funnel members at this point, like you should probably just, there's a door right there and just, you probably don't fit in this room or if not, you need to get you in there. So I'm not going to sell click funnels, but I'm going to share the concept with you guys and dig a little bit deeper on each of the steps. And then from there, we're going to transition over to list hacking. So that's kind of the game plans. That's not fun? All right. Okay. Let me make sure I've got the right clicker here. All right, cool. I'm going to make sure I got water so I can, so we can go. All right. So the first thing I want to do is I want to share the funnel hacks process with you guys really quick. So to really understand how this works, the first thing you got to understand, and this is a concept I learned from Tony Robbins a long time ago, was that if you want to achieve success, all you need to do is find a way to model those who've already succeeded, right? Pretty simple concept. We hear it a lot. And so I was thinking about in my life, like things that I've had success with in my life, right? When I was growing up, I was a wrestler and I wanted to be the best wrestler in the country. I thought, I mean, I still like, if I could do anything, it would be wrestling. I love it. And I want to be the best in the country. And when I started, though, I wasn't very good. So I went out there and I found coaches and I found other wrestlers and I found what they were good at. We became, and I modeled them and I modeled what they were doing. And in a short period of time, I went from being a bad wrestler to being a state champ, to being an all-American, to going to college and wrestling. Because not that I was like a great athlete because I wasn't, but because I found people who were amazing and I modeled them. I learned what they were doing and I kind of transitioned that. The same thing happened when I started my business online. The true story is that I was wrestling. I just met my wife. We were engaged. I had to figure out a way to pay the bills. And so the logical choice for me was to look online to figure out how to make money, right? And I started looking at it and I started seeing all these people who were super smart making a bunch of money. Guys like Armand Moran and Marlon Sanders and some of the old legends out there. I was watching these guys create these products and they were selling them. I remember their sales letters were so good. I bought every single one of them. So I was funnel hacking. I didn't even know it at the time. But I'd buy their products because I was a big fan of them. I was like, I'm going to buy them. I'm going to buy them. I'm going to buy them. I'm going to buy them. I'm going to buy them. I'm going to buy them. I don't know at the time. But I'd buy their product because they'd sell me on it. And then I'd buy the next one. I was buying all these things and I started seeing all their processes. And after buying a thousand of Armand's Generator products, I was like, man, I should create my own software like Armand's doing. And so I went and I hired this dude from Romania and he built my first idea. It was this little product called Zip Rander. And then I looked at Armand's websites and he always had these little covers. And so I hired someone to make a little cover. And then he had a headline. So I wrote a headline. And then I just made it as close to his as possible. In his head, or you always had a picture of him in a suit and tie. So I went and got a picture of me in a suit and tie. And my head was in the little banner thing at the top. And I just made it look as close to his as possible because he was the dude who was making a bunch of money I was watching. So I funnel hacked him back then. I didn't know what that was, but I made as close as I could. And I started selling it. And because I had followed his process, it started making money. And then I started looking at what he was doing. Other people were doing it and started creating new products. I went from this college kid who didn't have a job, not that educated, just trying to wrestle to within a year of graduating from college, I made over a million dollars in sales. And it wasn't for me being a genius of business. It was for me looking at people who were successful in modeling them. That's kind of how I got started. And so for me, if you look at our process, when we go into new industries, new businesses, I'll kind of show you what we did with the supplements. But that's what I do. I'm going out there and buying 10 different people's products to see what they're all doing. And then from there, we model it and then go create something that's similar. Okay. Now, for those of you guys who, and I'm sure there's some of you guys in this room who are like the creative types, and you're like, well, Russell, that's cool and all, but I want to sell it this way. Or I want to do it some other way, right? And for all you guys, I want to tell you the same thing. You can tell who the pioneers are because they have arrows in their back and they're lying face down in the dirt. Okay. This is a big key. And the first time I ever understood this, I was at a GKIC seminar. And Porter Stansbury was speaking. Anybody here know what Porter Stansbury is? All right, about 30 of you guys. Cool. So Porter Stansbury runs a company called, or he works for a company called Agora Publishing. They sell financial newsletters. They do, I don't know, like six or $700 million a year selling these financial newsletters. And Porter at the time ran the biggest division of their company. Okay. And he was up there talking about all they do and he was showing their sales process. And it was so exciting. I was taking notes as fast as I could on everything they were doing. He talked about the price points, what their upsell was, what the price points there, how they got people to stick. Like their whole sales process. And I was like, this is awesome. And then he stopped in the middle of it and he said, you know what's funny? He said, every single year we get people who try to come and compete against us. And he said that it's funny because they come in, the first thing they think is like, oh, we're going to undercut their price. They come in with a lower price newsletter. He's like, that doesn't work. We know it doesn't work. We bought media in this space for 100 years. Like we know it doesn't work. So they always drop out and they lose. And he's like, then they think they're smart. So they try to increase the price. They can buy more media and that doesn't work. And they try to figure out new ways to sell and this and that and all sorts of things. He says, if you want to compete with us, so we're a GORA publishing. We spend like hundreds of millions of dollars a year testing and tracking and doing everything. He says, we've got like 30 full-time copywriters who all they do is try to beat the last control. He said, if you want to compete with a GORA, you can't try to beat us. You have to copy us. And I remember thinking, wow, like, why, like that makes so much sense. If I was in the financial newsletter market, instead of spending all this time and energy getting to where they're at, I'm just going to start right where they're at. And then I can start trying to play along with them. I'm going to look what they're doing and model the look, the fill, the price, as close as I can because they've proven that that works. They've proven that that market responds that way. And that was kind of my big ah-ha. Now, for you guys to understand this, and I'm sure some of you guys have heard me talk about this before, but it's really important to get it. And if you look at us when we launch a new business or a new product, new anything, this is the process I go through every single time. Excuse me. In fact, when we, I've been writing a new webinar for this product thing that we're doing, and I'm going through this process to myself right now. So the first step I do is this. I figure out who are my direct competitors and who are my indirect competitors. Every product you've got, both. It's important to understand that. So the first thing are your direct competitors. And this is usually pretty easy, right? These are all the people who are selling the exact same thing that you are. And so for our supplement, I'm going to show you guys here in a minute, we, anybody else who's selling a supplement, they did the exact same thing that ours is. So ours was the nerve pain supplement. So anyone else selling a nerve pain supplement, including like Advil or Aspirin or anything like that, are my direct competitors, right? So the exact same thing is me. But then I've got to figure out who are my indirect competitors. These are all the other people that are selling to my same audience. They might be selling a different product, but they're targeting the exact same audience as me, right? So for, for nerve cell, our supplement, what we found out is that like 80% of our, of our customers had suffered from diabetes. Okay. And so because of that, anybody else who's selling a diabetic product is my indirect competitors. Okay. So I've got to figure out what my direct competitors are selling. Okay. So for me, when I'm starting into a new funnel or a new business, new, whatever, I've got to know who these people are. I got to know what their websites are. I need to see what their funnels are. I got to get as much data as possible on all these kinds of things. Okay. How many of you guys do this right now as part of your process? Okay. Not enough. Okay. It's funny in like real businesses, they do all this competitive research and all this sorts of stuff. In internet businesses, we think we're too smart for that. Like it's important to find out what other people are doing because, I mean, first off, it shaves off years of your time. The second off, it lets you know a very clear path of what you've got to do to be able to compete in your market. Okay. So the first step after you've got to figure out who your competitors, then what we do is we model their layout. Okay. So for example, when we launched NeuroCell, we found this company right here and they sell a neuropathy pain supplement, very similar to ours. And so I remember looking at their website and thinking, this is the ugliest website I've ever seen in my life. Do you guys agree? It gets pretty bad, right? And at first I was like, you know, I'm smarter than this. I've been doing internet marketing for a long time. I'm just going to make my own thing and we'll just, we're smarter than these guys. But then I said back and said, look, I've never been in this market before. I don't know how this market responds to things, but these guys have obviously proven it. They have gotten arrows in their back. They may have tried a hundred ideas that I was thinking about trying, but they've got at this point, it's making money. They proved it. So why would I try to be creative and start from some other spot? Right? Doesn't make sense. So for me, what I've got to do is I've got to initially model their layout. Okay? And so this was the first version of the sales letter we did for NuraSell. And a big key here from all sorts of funnel hacking. And if you guys, how many of you guys watched the first episode of funnelhacker.tv? A lot of you guys. Like, I'm trying to make these like code of conduct rules about funnel hacking. One of them is like not stealing stuff from people. I thought it was common sense until like everybody I know funnel hacks and just steals all my stuff. So I don't care if you steal my stuff. Just don't steal my stuff. Does that make sense? For example, I stole the layout from these guys, right? They had a logo. I had a logo. They had a phone number. I had a phone number. You know, they had long form sales letter. I had one. They had a picture of their bottle. I had a picture of my bottle. So I modeled the look and the fill in the layouts. We modeled the price points. We modeled the upsells. We modeled everything as close as we could. But I didn't steal anything, right? I didn't steal their copy. I didn't steal their headlines. I didn't steal anything like that. That's the unethical piece that you can get in with funnel hacking that drives me crazy. But I'm stealing the things that they have tested. The things that they have proven, convert and things that have worked. And I put in my own copy, my own sales letter, my own things like that. Okay, but I'm funnel hacking the process. And if you would have asked me this a couple years ago, I wouldn't have believed that you could have this big of an impact with just the layout. But how many of you guys have read the dot com seekers labs book, the split testing book? All right, a lot of you guys, cool. So in that book, the interesting thing is that did you notice we never once did a split test on video A versus video B, like sales videos? Like there wasn't a single test about like this video out converted to this one. The reason why is we never split test the videos. It was too much work for me. Two videos. So I started to do a video and start changing things all around the page. And we got times, sometimes we're getting 50, 100, 200, 300% conversion without ever touching the video at all, just by tweaking the things around the page. So for me, like the easiest thing to test is all the page elements. And if you find someone's got page elements that are proven to convert, like that's where I start. That's going to give me 98% of the way there from day one initially. Okay. So that's step one is modeling your competitors layout. Okay. Now for us, we launched this version of NeuroCell. And it did all right. And it was a great moment where it was making about $20,000 a month, but it kind of, we couldn't get it to grow beyond that. I couldn't figure out why. And so, and unfortunately these guys weren't super great marketers. They didn't have a really good funnel for me to look deep out and kind of figure out what they were doing. So I started looking for some of my indirect competitors. And eventually I found this website. This is a, some of you guys know who Ed O'Keefe is, a brilliant marketer. And I found his website. He was selling supplements, a different supplement, but the exact same target market that we were selling ours to. Okay. And I know him and I talked to him a little bit. He was making, I can't remember exact numbers, but crazy numbers like $2 or $3 million a month with this funnel. I'm like, okay, Ed's a good marketer. He knows what he's doing. I want to see what he's doing. So I went to the website. I looked at it. Saw what was happening. Clicked on the order button. We saw his order form. I saw how he did his pricing, what his prices were on, how he packaged things, how he bundled things, all those kind of things, right? And then I pulled out my wallet. I bought the product. And the next page, we saw the upsell. Okay, the upsell. He had six more bottles with the exact same thing. And then he had the rest of his funnel. Right? So this is his entire sales funnel. I remember, I've shared this before with most of you guys, but the biggest thing for me, I remember when I saw this funnel is I was so confused at why in the world he offered six more bottles of the exact same thing I'd just bought right here. I remember thinking like, this doesn't make any sense at all. And at first I was just like, I remember just thinking like, he's like, why would he do that? Doesn't make any sense. I'm going to just do something different. I had all these ideas in my head. In fact, we tried a bunch of other ideas initially that didn't work. And finally I'm like, you know what? Let's just assume that Ed knows what he's talking about. And turns out he does. We modeled it. And when we launched this version of the funnel, we went from making $20,000 a month to almost $20,000 a day. And again, though, I didn't still, well, let me show you. So this is ours. So notice I had my own video, our own copy. The order form looks very similar. We had the same pricing, the same bundling, the same price points as him, same as our upsells, our downsells. So we modeled things as close as we could from the look, the fill, and the layout. But then we plugged in our content, our things like that. And that's how we took this supplement offer from doing OK to just blown up and going crazy. So that's step number two. And the coolest thing about that, you guys, for me, is my entire investment to learn that whole concept, $100. It didn't cost a lot of money. I just had to be willing to buy my competitor's product and see what they were doing. And that's my favorite thing about this. And then the third step is where us as entrepreneurs get to try to be creative and try to beat the control. The third step is where we took the video sales letter, we tried a whole bunch of variations, and eventually we built out a long form version of the sales letter, turned out our audience, an older audience, they like to read more, they like to watch the videos. And this is the current control right now that's winning. So that is the process. Now the first time I ever shared this, I remember a lady came up to me, she said, that's really cool. I wish I had a supplement so that I could do that too. And I was like, OK, you have to understand this does work for supplements, but it doesn't just work for supplements, right? It works for all types of funnels. So supplement funnels, coaching funnels, info product funnels, e-commerce funnels, funnels for real businesses. It works for all types of funnels, all types of businesses. We've seen of our 7,000 ClickFunnels members, I don't think there's an industry we don't serve right now. It's pretty crazy to see the diversity in what you guys are publishing and selling. Some of you guys are selling some weird stuff, just so you know. But whatever you want to do, that's awesome. But yeah, it works. It's just you've got to kind of take some time to figure out. So one of my goals for this weekend is we're doing things and showing you guys different funnel types. I'm hoping you're going to get an idea, oh wow, I can use that in my funnel here. Oh, I can use this here. Oh, I need to create a funnel like that to add to this part of my business and a whole bunch of cool stuff like that. OK, for example, this is our coaching funnel right here. How many of you guys have seen this funnel? How many of you guys have funnel hacked it before? Couple of you guys have funnel hacked it. Jason did. Liz has. By the way, these guys both launch high-ticket coaching programs that are blowing up right now because they funnel hacked my coaching funnel. This funnel makes a 70 grand a week, consistently, week in and week out. So if you've got a coaching program, you should definitely apply for a coaching program, funnel hack us, and then come into whatever. But there you go. Info product funnels, OK? I'm going to show you guys a bunch of our info product funnels, e-commerce funnels. This is my buddy, he's a chiropractor. He always makes fun of me. He's like, Russell, this doesn't work for real businesses like me. And so we always figure out, how can we make this funnel concept work for real businesses? So I went to him and I said, how do you get leads right now? And what they were doing was really cool. He would go to, there's a restaurant in Boise called Costa Vita, which is like the most amazing restaurant on earth. They get tons of people coming through. I think Curt and I went to there once. It's amazing. And so he went and put a little business card box. He's like, hey, when a free Costa Vita lunch? Drop in your, for you and your entire company, drop in your business card. And so every day he gets about, or every week he gets like 50 or 60 people who drop their business card in. He calls them up and says, congratulations. You've got to do one lunch for your entire team. The only catch is I get to come and present for 30 minutes this thing. And so he buys them lunch, goes there, does his little presentation, and then on average he gets about 40% of the people that he presents to to come into his clinic afterwards. So he's growing his business that way. I'm like, well, what you're doing is just a sales funnel. We see, take that concept and move it online. And so we build out a sales funnel, do the same thing, taking a Costa Vita gift card to an application form. And when on Facebook, start driving ads locally in Boise to this thing, giving away lunch for companies. And from this he gets about 10 new clients a week consistently. Just taking his offline funnel and then moving it online. So it takes a little bit of thought sometimes to figure out how to kind of massage that and get it to work. But this works for any type of business. Okay, a couple of other things I want to show you guys before we dig into like the list hacking stuff. First question is where do we find a good funnel? And second thing is how do I know how much money they're making? So first thing is where do you find a good funnel? So the biggest thing I would say is if you're in a market right now, you should know what people's successful sales funnels are. But I'm always amazed at people that have no idea what their competitors are doing. So the first thing is you got to find out who your competitors are. Like go to Facebook and search for your topics and like every single page. When you start liking all the pages, then you start seeing the ads from everybody. When the ads start coming on, click on every ad. I save the banner ad, I save the landing. I like have like so much hard drive space on my computer fold up with every one of your ads and landing pages because I like seeing the process and seeing them, right? So go liking everybody's stuff, going to sites, like aggregating sites like ClickPank, I'll show you in a second. So that's how we kind of find our funnels. And second thing, how much money do you know they're making? I'll show you a couple of strategies. But one of the easiest ones that I do right now is I just call the customer support line of whatever the product is. And I say, hey, this product's amazing. You guys got to be selling a lot of these, right? And 90% of the time the support agent on the other side will tell me exactly how many they're selling. It's amazing. Yeah, we're selling like 3,000 copies a week right now. I'm like, oh, that's awesome. Thanks. And they'll tell you everything because they're so proud of their boss and they want to brag to you about them. And so anyway, it's amazing. Or a lot of times we'll call the affiliate manager because the affiliate manager is the same thing. Like how many of these things do you guys sell in a day? I'm like, oh, we're selling. Boom, a day. You're like, wow, that's amazing. You find out their numbers. A lot of times they'll show you their traffic sources. It's amazing what will happen if you just call people and ask. So that's one way we find out how much money they're making. But here's kind of a simpler process if you're like me and scared of people. Scared of talking on the phone. One of my favorite sites is clickbank.com because at clickbank they have over 100,000 successful sales funnels. Every market you can dream of, for example, this is one of my friend's sales funnels. He teaches people how to build chicken coops in their backyard. Is any of you guys buy this right now? A couple, okay, a couple of you. I didn't know that was even a real thing. I know that was a real thing, right? He showed me this funnel and I saw his clickbank stats. He's making about $12,000 a month selling this product. He's going to make chicken coop. So there's funnels on every niche you can dream of including chicken coop building in clickbank. So the first step is to go up to the very top. There's the button that says marketplace. I click on marketplace. It shows you the entire clickbank marketplace. And clickbank marketplace is cool because it breaks things down first off based on different categories, right? So health and fitness, gardening, business opportunities, things like that. And then you dig deeper. You do all of the products based on which one's selling the most right now, okay? So for example right now in health and fitness, the number one product is Venus Factor. And so that's kind of how you, that's how you find out which funnels are working really really well, okay? Now I went to lunch I think three or four weeks ago with the CEO and the owner of clickbank. They live in Boise. In fact, anyone ever been to Boise? Okay, you know on Warm Springs, the big castle? Okay, that's the owner of clickbank. He built his own castle. Like it's a legitimate castle with like, it's crazy. So anyway, so we went to lunch with him, with them. And I asked him, I said, how much money are the Venus Factor guys making? I was like, my guess is like 40 to 50 grand a day. I told him I had a friend that was number one at clickbank from health and fitness last year and that's about what he was making. And he told me, so they're making more than double that. So he has to make over 100 grand a day from this funnel, okay? So if I was in the weight loss space, I would look at these guys and I'd funnel hack them, right? And then is obviously we got to buy the product. So I buy the product, this is the Venus Factor's product, you got the front end product, upsell one is, what's that, $37, $97, and $19.95. Those four pages are making 100 grand a day. Is that worth spending the 47 bucks to buy their product and see it? If you're in the health and fitness market, you better do it. I don't care what product you're selling, it's so good to see this. See, not only, and this is a big key, you guys, not only like just their funnel, but like, what's their offer? Okay, like for someone to pay 47 bucks, what are they getting? If you watch the video, say, okay, there's 13 videos, you can get a PDF, you can get this, they'll show you exactly what the offer is. Now again, ethically, we don't go on and we steal their stuff, but I know that, hey, Venus Factor's giving people 100 page ebook and 13 videos. I know my product probably is about 100 pages, maybe like 13, 15, 18 videos, right? I have a good idea of how to structure my offer, because they've shown what works, what kind of, how this market responds to it. They've shown me how the, what kind of offer works for an upsell and for a downsell, and so you can learn so much just by watching how they sequence their offers, what the copy says, what everything is, okay? So you buy the product, and then the next thing for me, if you're my office, I've got a big old white board, I sketch out what the funnel's gonna look like, and now I see, this is my blueprint. If I wanna be successful in this market, there's my blueprint, I just gotta go kinda take that and rebuild it, and now we've got something that we're starting out right here, you know, we're not testing a million things, we're taking what they've already proven works, and that's what we're starting at, okay? So it's gonna be a lot easier to be successful when you start from this point, not when you're starting clear back over there, right? Okay, to sketch out their funnel, and then back in the past, what we would do is we'd bring our designers and our programmers and our analytics people and our, everyone into a room, I'd show them the vision, they'd go to work, and then like two weeks later, they sent me all the pages, and it looked horrible, and I'm like, no, and I tell them to move this and move this, and I make these little Jing videos and say, you know, the button should be on this side, and we should go back and forth and back and forth, and two, three, four months later, we finally get a funnel that was live, and we launch it, and we need to make money or not. It was a nightmare. Anyone here do that, or have done that in the past? Is that frustrating or what? Okay, and so that was always the process in the past, and obviously, one of the main reasons why you guys are here is we're able to build click funnels to help speed up that process. We went from our average time to build a sales funnel with our staff, with people who did it pretty consistently day in and day out, it would take us four to six weeks to build a sales funnel on average. Now I build all the sales funnels myself, because first off, I freaking love click funnels. It's so much fun. The book funnel, I built that all by myself. That was me. I'm not even a designer. It looked awesome, right? It is so great. I was so proud of myself. So click funnels gives us the ability. So my question for you guys, how many of you guys love click funnels? All right. We're going to be talking a lot about it, but I just wanted to put that in. Okay, so we come back here. So now we've gotten there funnel. We've modeled it. We've created our version of it. Now we've got a blueprint for us to test. Next question is how in the world do we get traffic to that site? Right? There's a lot of ways to figure out traffic. And the big key for me, you guys, this is actually the first step for me when I'm funnel hacking someone. If I can't figure out exactly where the traffic is for this business or this website or this funnel, I'm not going to go into that business. Does that make sense? Okay, a lot of people like to build the whole thing, they're like, okay, where do I get traffic from now? It's like, you should have found that out ahead of time. Like, because if you can't find the traffic, like, don't spend the time building the funnel. Right? So this is usually for me, the first step is finding the traffic, which again, one of the easy ways is I call up the affiliate manager and we ask him, like, hey, your offer's awesome. We'd love to promote it in the future. Where are you guys getting traffic from right now? And they'll tell you because they want to help you out. Yeah, we're buying ads here. We're doing solo ads here. Here's the JV partners in the industry. And these guys will tell you this stuff most of the time. Okay? So I just ask. That helps really well. Second thing is there's a bunch of really cool websites that will give you analytics on where people are getting traffic from. A free one is called similarweb.com. There's a paid one. There's a couple paid ones. My favorite paid one is called whatrunswhere.com. It's pretty expensive. It's like 300 bucks a month. So I usually buy it and then for 30 days I'll go funnel hack everyone I can and get as much data as I can and get a ton of stats and I cancel my account. That's kind of what I do. But 300 bucks a month is a lot for this. But for 300 bucks, I can get a lot of data in a month. So similarweb.com gives you free data. What Runs Where gives you more data. It's a little more expensive, but it's awesome. So we run that. And then it's going to show you basically the process. You take the funnel you want to funnel hack. You go to similarweb or one of these other services. You plug it in the website URL. You click on the search button and they give you a whole bunch of stats. They show me here's all the stats for VenusFactor. So the VenusFactor gets between one and three million visitors a month. So I know that's so much traffic they're getting. You scroll down a little bit further. They show you all the top referring websites. So here's all the websites that are sending traffic to VenusFactor. So you can see you got LifeGuru.com, NaturalNews.com, NewsMax.com and a whole bunch of other ones. Then for me, I just look at these sites and I didn't know what LifeGuru.com was six months ago. So I kind of ran this test. They're sending that much traffic. I got to figure out who these guys are. So I go to LifeGuru.com and it's just a blog. Apparently it's getting a lot of traffic. I went to the blog. I'm teaching you how to find love and eat healthy and all these things. But they've got a big huge following of people that are sending it out of traffic. I was clicking around and eventually I found this little banner down here that said, Five Foods Never to Eat. I clicked on it and boom, it took me to VenusFactor.com. So now I know that this website is where they're getting the traffic from. For me, I go through and I try to find as many sites like this as possible to find out where these guys are getting their traffic from. I might end up with five, 10, 15 different websites and I start contacting these website owners directly. Sometimes it's an ad network that you have to buy through. A lot of times you can just get direct access to the website owner. I'll do that email and I'm like, hey man, I saw you're selling ads on your site. How much do they cost? They email me back. This is how much it costs. And boom, I can go buy ads on their sites. And in about five minutes of me getting my funnel live, I can go to these sites and get the exact same, my exact same ads showing up on my competitors, on these guys' sites. Next thing you can see in similar web is little things that show the ads right here. You click on that and it shows you all the banner ads that they've been running from the beginning of time, which is kind of cool. And so in the free version it just shows you all the ads like this. But if you upgrade the paid version, it'll also show you how long these ads have been running. It'll say this ad right here, it ran for two weeks and then we didn't see it again. But this ad right here has been running for 728 days and it's still live right now. So you're able to see that. I'm like, wow, this ad works. People are clicking on this. We know that now. And so that's kind of the next thing. And then for me, now that I know what their ad looks like, we know what websites they've been buying ads on, what's the next logical I thought. We know two things. We know what they're advertising, what they're saying. So the next logical thing for us funnel hackers is what? We got to model what works. We got to model what their ads look like. So we need to model the message of their ad, model the design, model the sizes. And so for me, I get my banner ads designed in a site called 20-dollarbanders.com. I go to 20-dollarbanders.com and I say, this is what my competitors look like. I need one similar. I say, don't copy it, but we need to model it. And so they look at that. They say, they've got a pretty girl. I need a pretty girl. They got a purple headline. I need a purple headline. And I model the look and the feel as close as I can because they've proven that this market clicks on that type of an ad. So why would I try to guess and try to reinvent the wheel? They've proven that people click on purple headlines, apparently. So I'm going to model as close as I can. And then I go back to the exact same websites that my competitors are buying ads on and I buy ads on the same site as well. I do this exact same thing, by the way, with email. If I try to join every newsletter list we can, we'll talk more about this in the next session, we'll get into more traffic stuff. But if I see my competitors ads being emailed out, then I go buy ads on the same list. Like I'm trying to, everywhere my competitors are getting traffic from. I want to be there too. Because they're going to do the hard work. They're going to prove things. They're going to test things. And if I see them, then I can say, hey, this is working for them. I'm going to go in that exact same spot and buy ads as well. Now again, if you model what works, do you think you're going to be successful? Now these guys are making 100 grand a day. And I'm guessing most of you guys probably, maybe this is my earnings disclaimer, you're probably not going to make 100 grand a day. I like it, right? But that's okay, that's not the goal. You're going to make 100 grand a day. But if you model, if you model the process, right? You have an offer that's similar, similar layout, similar price points that what they have proven is worked. You've gone back to the same sites that they're successfully buying ads on and you buy ads as well. Your chances of success are infinitely stronger, okay? It comes back to exactly what Porter Stansbury said when I said that GKFC event is, if you want to be successful, why don't I go try to reinvent the wheel and figure out a million different things. Let's look what people are doing. The evidence is there, we can reverse engineer everything. If we make something similar, it becomes very easy to be successful the first time. Not the third or the fourth or the fifth, okay? All right, so that's kind of the initial funnel hacking presentation. Most of you guys have seen that, right? In the past? Cool, so I wanted to cover that first just to make sure we're all kind of on the same basis. So what I want to do now is we're going to kind of transition and we're going to start shifting from now and throughout the whole weekend into certain different funnel types, okay? And so the first funnel type I want to share with you guys is one that I'm passionate about and it is a list hacking funnel, okay? And I'm going to show you guys how we use click funnels to build really, really big email lists at a way that doesn't cost us a lot of money. And then after I get done, we're going to have Richard Custins come up here who's one of our inner circle members and a huge click funnels user. He's going to show his process, which is even like, you guys are going to love him after you meet him actually, because I do things at this level and then he goes like 10 levels deeper every time and it's just going to be really exciting for you guys to see what he's doing. So I'm excited. All right, so this is the list hacking process. I'm going to walk you guys through this. If you understand this, it'll give you the ability to build lists in any market you want as big as you want for free and a lot of times actually getting paid to build your list, which is the best way, right? Okay, so to begin with, I want to tell you guys a backstory about myself. I have a junk mail addiction and I've had this for a long time. This started when I was, this is a picture of me right after I graduated college, my senior, my senior, not college, high school. My senior year of high school, my parents, I had been saving junk mail since I was about 12 years old. When I was 12 years old, I was watching an infomercial with my dad from a guy named Don LaPri. Anyone here remember Don LaPri? Awesome, I love that. So Don LaPri was this charismatic guy who was selling a kid on how to make money placing tiny little classified ads in the newspapers. And so I'm a 12 year old kid watching this and just like, I don't know if I was dumb or young or naive, but I was sold. Like I was so sold on this. And so I had to like ask my dad to borrow $40 to be able to buy the kit. My dad maybe go mow lawns and do all this stuff, right? So I'm out there working to earn my 40 bucks. When I get it done, I call the 1-800 number and I order this info kit from Don LaPri, they send it to me. And from that point forward, my life was ruined. Cuz I couldn't think about anything about making money. Like it just made sense to me. I'm sure most of you guys have gone through that process in one way or another, otherwise you probably weren't here, right? Sometime in your life, we're always okay with like getting a job and doing things in a normal way. And something happens, right? Where it just like shifts everything and you can never in the future, for the rest of your life, you can never be satisfied with doing that, right? Most of you guys have probably gone through that, that's why you're here. And this was that moment for me, that's when it just changed everything. And so I read Don LaPri's course, I went through that. But I didn't have money to purchase any classified ads. They were like 30 bucks, which is more than most 12 year olds have. And so I just had this dream and I was thinking about it. And then I remember my mom took me to the grocery store. And we were walking by the magazine aisle and there was this magazine. It was Small Business Opportunity Magazine. Had these like cartoon people all over it. And I saw that I begged her for it. Can I please have this magazine? Like I need small business opportunities. And so she, such a nerd, huh? Anyway, so my mom bought it for me. Luckily I go home, I start looking through this. And anyone here subscribe, it's the only magazine I'm actually subscribed to. Anyone here subscribe to it? It was like, yeah, Rob is, couple guys. Okay, it's like the only magazine that I'm actually subscribed to on a subscription. But it comes to me. So if you look at it, it's like 144 pages in ads. And on average they have four pages of articles. Is that awesome? Like it's great. And it's all like direct resumé style ads. So I'm this little like 12 year old kid sitting in my bedroom, looking at his ads. And every one of them is like, you need to start your own gold chain business selling gold chains at the grocery store. I'm like, that makes perfect sense. And they're like, call this number to get the free info kit. So I dial the number. I'm like, I need the free info kit for the gold kit. And they're like, all right. Next page I flip it over and it's like, you can make money selling stun guns to like little old ladies on the street. I'm like, that makes perfect sense. So I dial the number. I'm like, hey, I need the stun gun kit. And so I go through this book. I'm calling like 144 pages of like 1-800 numbers, asking them to send me stuff. And at first I get like one letter in the mail. My parents are like, this is weird. There's some envelope for you Russell. I'm like, oh, that's thanks. I start reading and I open it up and I read these sales letters. I'm just like, like hooked, right? I read the sales letters about the whole like, you know, people talking about direct mail and this and all these things, right? And the next day, like three letters come and then like 10 letters come and eventually there's so much mail coming for this little 12 year old kid that the mailman can't jam it in the mailbox. As this knock on the door and like drop it off for my parents. So I come home from school is like what, sixth or seventh grade? And I walk in and like on the table, there's like my parents, like one or two letters and Russell stack of junk mail. I'm like, oh man. So I take it in my room and I open each one and I read it. And what I didn't know at the time, I learned this sense is that when you're like, you're buying stuff through junk mail and stuff like that, you become a hot prospect. You're a hot lead, right? So then people took me as a lead and started selling me to other people and soon I was getting so much mail from like thousands of different spots. In fact, we still get junk mail. My parents like 12 years later, or how many years? Man, I'm getting old like 20 years later, I guess now from that from back in the day when I was like 12. So I used to collect this in my dream of someday I'm gonna like have an office. I'm gonna wallpaper it and junk mail. So I was saving all this huge box and my senior year when I was leaving the college, my mom said, we're gonna throw this stuff away when you leave. I'm like, no, you can't. They say, no, it's gone. Dang it. So I got this one last picture with my junk mail before it was gone. Okay. So it's kind of sad. But I'm grateful for this experience because when I learned about Internet marketing, this education, I went through junk mail like opened up my world to me. It made it make sense instantly. In fact, I think it's important for you guys to understand how that world works to really understand how this whole list building process works online. And so kind of to share the process like you look at the offline method, this is what would normally happen. You get a magazine or a postcard in the mail or something, right? And it would say, hey, if you want a free report, excuse me, call this phone number or call this number or send us in a self-addressed stamp envelope or a bunch of different ways to get people to respond, right? That'd be the first step. Then the offer was always get a free report, like 99% of the time it's a free report on whatever this thing is, right? There's no opportunity. So I'd take action on it. Then they'd send me in the mail a letter and I'd open it and on the letter inside it would be a report. And I would read this report and all the report was was a really long form sales letter. At the end of it they would sell me something. And I didn't realize that, I thought the report was just info, but it was always kind of info that then got you excited and then sold you something. And at the end of it then they sold you the product, okay? And that's how stuff worked offline. For example, here is an ad from Small Bizarre Magazine and go from roofs to riches, right? And you can call a number, you can send this in, whatever it is, and that's how you respond. Okay, after you respond to it, then they send you a letter in the mail. This letter is from one of my friends, TJ Rowell Letter, who's like the king of bizop stuff. He spoke at one of our events one time about how he was doing direct mail. And afterwards I told him, I was like, man, I love your direct mail stuff. He's like, do you want a gift? I'm like, yeah. And so he's like, what's your address? I get my address. A week later I show up and there's a box, like the size of a microwave box. I open it up and it's like probably four or five hundred direct mail pieces that he had sent out. And he sent me the whole box as a gift. And I was like, this is the greatest gift in the world for a nerd like me, right? And so this is one of his letters. I pulled it out and you look at it, it's like your free report's inside. So this is the free thing that you're requesting. You open it up, there's the report, there's the order form, free gift. And anyway, that was kind of one of his mail pieces, right? So I got this report, I was reading it. At the end of it he sold me this product, which I bought, how to get rich in the opportunity market, that was the product. And then when that product came, there was a sales letter now for like a two thousand dollar upgraded version of this thing. And that was his offline funnel. But for me, I think it's important to understand this because this is how it all works, right? And so the key here is you're asking for a free report, free report comes, it sells you something. That's the funnel, right? That's how people built lists back in the day. All right. Now, to kind of transition to how I started the online stuff, I'd seen this process over and over and over again. So I was reading some of the junk mail talking about how direct mail worked, right? And they say, this is the key. Like, basically you go and you rent a list of like, let's say you rent a hundred thousand people that are interested in a topic. You make a physical letter and you mail it out to all these people. And a percentage of people buy it. So if you get two or three percent of people to buy from this letter, you can make a ton of money. Okay, does that make sense? So that was the process, offline was go and rent a buyer list of people who had bought a product, write a letter, mail it to these guys and a percentage will buy your product. And your goal is to spend less money than you make on the end. That was kind of the gist, right? I read that over and over and over again as a 12-year-old. Now, fast forward to when I was in college, I just got engaged to my wife, Colette. I'm trying to figure out how I'm going to support her in still wrestling. And all of a sudden this TV ad pops up on TV and it says, hey, there's this internet marketing seminar happening at the local Holiday Inn. We're teaching how to make millions on the internet. And I was like, sweet, that's what I need. So I go call the number next day and the Holiday Inn sitting there in a room with like 50 people in there and they're talking about all this money on the internet. And I remember that the speaker was talking about email lists and he said, this is how the process works. He said, you build a big, huge email list, then you write an email and you send it out and a percentage of people will buy. And I remember he said that and I was like flashback to 12 being 12-year-old kid thinking, that's just like direct mail, but I don't have to pay for stamps now. I was like, I could never buy stamps as a 12-year-old kid, but I can send out emails that's free. I was like so excited. And that was like, anyway, that's the second time in my life I got ruined, right? I was just like, I'm done. I will never do anything except for this in the world ever again. And so the next day I get home from Holiday Inn. I'm totally sold on the idea. I'm like, all I need is a big, huge email list and then I need a product to sell and then I just need to start sending out emails all day long. So as a, you know, have a role that was at the time, I had just gotten married. It was actually, we were just engaged. So excuse me, we just got married when this part happened. So we just got married. We're living, you know, in our new house together as a newlywed couple. And I'm trying to figure out this whole internet thing. And I remember I was trying to figure out, like, how do you get an email list? Like if I just had an email list, I can send out tons of emails. Like it makes sense. I need an email list. So I'm searching on Google for like, I think it was Yahoo or whatever it was back then. I was like, I was like, email addresses. And there's all these things. I was talking about like spamming. I'm like, I don't want to spam. So I'm like, I need spam-free email addresses. I type in spam-free email addresses. And the site came up. It was spam-free-mail-addresses.com. And I look at it and they had a DVD with like 18 million email addresses on it for like 60 bucks. I'm like, are you kidding me? 60 bucks. And they're spam-free email address. That's the best thing. They're spam-free. Like, and so I spend the 60 bucks. I get the DVD in the mail and I'm like, oh my gosh, I'm so excited. Then I tried to figure out, like I'm in my old Hotmail account or actually I was using June all the time and I like, open up the disk. I start copying, pasting, sending them out. It didn't work, right? Like you couldn't send out, you know, 18 million emails in like a blind carbon copy. Like it won't let you do that. Like I tried to figure this out and I'm researching software and all these things. And it took me like a week or two and finally I found some software that let me upload the Excel file and then write an email. And anyway, the whole path, right? So I get it all set up one night and I'm like, oh my gosh, this is it. Like we're done. I told my wife, I was like, you can quit your job. I'm like, I'm like, just based on basic math. I'm like, if 18 million people see this, we only need to get a 0.0001% and we'll be rich. And she's like, okay, I think that math makes sense. I'm like, no it does. Like you're good, quit your job. It's going to be awesome. And so this is pre-internet too. It was dial-up modem we had. And so do you remember that idea of unplug your phone and plug your modem in? And so ours was under our desk. I'm climbing under the desk and unplug the phone. I plug in the modem and I get out and there's a 2400 bod modem for the nerds out there. You know what that is? It's like, you know, connects on and then I upload the list and I write the email. And I didn't have a product yet. I just made up, I was like, if someone buys, I'll go make the product. So I wrote up an idea for a product. I click send and I start watching the little dashboard and it's like, email one sent. Email two, email three, I'm just like, sweet. I'm going to bed. By morning we'll be rich. So I go to bed that night just dreams of happiness, right? And things are happening. Next morning I wake up and I look at it and it sent like 6800 emails through the night. And I was like, dang, I thought I'd go faster about, you know, whatever. And my wife's ready for work. She's like, I got to use the phone. I'm like, what are you talking about? She's like, well, I need to use the phone. I'm like, you can't use the phone. Like, this is really, really important. I'm like, you're about to retire. Like we can't shut this off. I say, I really got to use the phone. I'm like, ah, so I figured out how to pause the mailing queue, climb under the desk and I unplug the phone and plug it in. And right when I'm plugging, I'm still under the desk. I remember I said, plug it in and the phone rings. I'm like, what? So I kind of back out and I pick up the phone and it was my internet service provider. And this dude's on the other line, like cursing me out. Like, you, we've gotten like 40 spam complaints last night and all these things and they're yelling at me and I was so confused. I was like, no, no, no, you don't understand. Like I bought spam for email addresses. This is totally legit. I promise you. And I still remember he said, he said, and I explained to him how the whole process worked. He's like, he said, son, that's the definition of spam. I'm like, oh crap. And so they shut off my internet, our internet connection. We got canceled. So we lost internet, which I had to explain to my wife while we were on the internet. She's getting ready to like leave the door out the door. I'm like, just don't quit your job yet. Like give me till tomorrow to make sure, like I'll get back to you on that. And so like I get done and I walk out, I walk out of my little house, which is this little duplex here. I walk out and I'm walking to Boise State. I still go to school and I'm just like moping like, oh, like another one of my brilliant ideas just bombed. You know, so I'm all depressed. I walk to school and listen to my, I listen to my class, listen to my teacher and we were able to like log in our computer. So I log in our computer and I check my PayPal and something interesting happened. That night, my 6,500 or 6,800 emails, whatever it was that went out, five people had bought the thing that I had sold. They had PayPaled me money in. And I was like, oh my gosh, it worked. Well it kind of worked. Conceptually it worked, but I got to figure out a better way to do that. And that was like this thing where I was just, again I was ruined. Like I knew that people would buy things from email, but they didn't do it that way. I had to figure out how do you do it without getting shut down. And that's kind of where this whole journey began. Like how do you build a list? How do you do it? And so I was trying all sorts of things to figure out how to do it legitimately. Because I understood now the math worked, the concept worked. We just had to figure out how to do it in a way that was not illegal. I don't want to go to jail and not unethical in a cool way. And so that started this whole journey of trying to figure that stuff out, right? And if you look at it, at the time, back then, this is 12 years ago or so, the internet was a little bit different than it is now. And so back then what people were doing, guys like Armand and all these people I was watching, what they all had on the websites were these pop-ups, right? You guys all remember pop-ups? And if you ever go to a website and it wasn't ever one pop-up, it would be like 14 that would pop up and they'd pop it up behind. And everything you go in the future and pop-ups are coming for next 20 minutes off your browser from every page you went. It was like a nightmare, right? But people were building these lists. I was watching it. They'd drive traffic to a website, thing would pop up, they'd put in their email address for a free report or whatever it was, and then they'd start joining their list. And I watched guys that I was funnel hacking. Guys I was looking and they had these big email lists and they'd always talk about it, how much money they were making from. I send an email, I make 30 grand overnight and I was like, if I just had a list I could do that too. I was trying to figure it out forever. And so we tried with pop-ups at first and we started having some success there. That little zip brand or software that I created, we had a pop-up from there. And I remember the first person I got to promote zip brand or I had 217 people join my list from that pop-up. And I was like, oh, it worked. It's a little tiny list, but at least like they opted in, right? So I started sending emails to this little list of 200 people. And then after that pop-up started getting blocked, I was like, oh great, I just, you know, I missed the whole internet wave. It's over now. There's no more such thing as pop-ups. And I was all depressed. And then luckily there were some really smart dudes, way smarter than me, who went out there and they started trying to figure out how to make this better. And I've heard like five or six people claim that they invented the squeeze page. I don't know who really did. But basically they took, what they did is they took this pop-up. Normally you go to a website and they would pop-up. They took that and they just made the pop-up the page. They called it a squeeze page. I don't know if I have a whiteboard up here. I don't. I don't know if that's right. So they'd have a page you come to. And the only thing you could do on that page was give them their email address. I think I have a picture on the next page. Yeah, it would be a squeeze page. The only thing you could do is say, free your port, give me email address. You give me an email address, click submit. And on the next page you see the sales letter. And at first I remember in the forums people would be, you know, when this first came out, this concept, everyone's like, that's dumb. You should never do that. And a lot of people just dismissed it at first. There was actually a quote from, I think David Frye. I remember seeing it on someone's site where he talked about like following someone, you need to follow up some of these seven times on average to get them to close. And eventually the market became smarter. We're like, if someone opts in, we can follow up them and we can close more sales. And things kind of evolved to this concept. But 12 years ago, like people, it was really interesting when these things first started happening. People didn't believe in them. They were skeptical. And now it's kind of the status quo. It's what we all do, right? Now, the online method, like I said, is very similar to the offline method. Instead of driving an ad and giving someone a call for free report, we take them to a page that says, for free report, give me an email address. Next page is a free report, which is a sales letter or a sales video, whatever, which then sells the product. Same concept as the old school, just kind of the new version of it, right? So that's the online method. And then our goal, anytime we build a list funnel, like this one right here, so this is like a basic list hacking funnel. You buy an ad, goes to a squeeze page. After a squeeze page, someone buys something and you get paid. That's kind of a basic. We're going to get more advanced than that here in a second. That's the basic, like a list hacking funnel. The goal is to put a dollar in advertising in over here and at least get $1 or more back out on the side, right? Makes sense. So you put $1 into advertising, get $2 or more back out. Okay? All right. Okay, so I want to kind of shift gears real quick, because this will help simplify this process I think for you. So when I first got started, there was a product that came out from Frank Kern and Ed Dale called Underachiever Formula. And I went through this initially and I learned so much. I made a bunch of money from that. And I actually ended up buying the company from Frank and from those guys a few years later. And the concept is really simple. It was this three-step process. Step number one is you got to find a hot market, okay? Which is why if you're struggling right now, a lot of people, it's because you pick markets that aren't hot. You got to pick a market that has like rabid buyers. People want to buy stuff, okay? Step number one. Step number two is you got to ask the market what they want, put out a survey and say, hey, what do you want? And they're like, I want this, this, this, and this. They tell you and then you take that and you make what they just asked you for. You make a report or whatever it is you make what they want. And the third step is you give it to them. Like that was, that was my initial internet market education. The Underachiever process. Find a hot market, ask them what they want and then give it to them, okay? Now if we were to be, if we were going to go and talk about product creations to find out which were not, that's what I would be doing. But I want to, I want you guys to be successful before you ever even create the product. In fact, Richard's going to show you guys this really cool process he did with his where he made a ton of money and built a huge list like months before he ever launched the supplement. You're going to see that process. And so I'm a big believer in that too. Like I think that this is, the Underachiever's even, this is more complicated than it needs to be because we don't need to create a product, new product, kind of things. We can do this in a more simple, simpler format. So this is kind of like the ultra Underachiever method, the faster way to do it, okay? This is what it looks like. I'm going to walk you through the steps. Okay, step number one. Instead of going out there and like finding a hot market, what I like to do initially is find a hot offer. Find a product that's already selling like crazy, okay? If you're in a market right now and you don't know like there's not a hot product, like you're probably in the wrong market, okay? That's a big key. But the first thing I do, I got to find like what's the market that I want to be in or that I'm in right now and what's a hot offer that's just crushing it, that's doing really, really well right now, okay? That's kind of the first step is to find that, okay? And I know that in the future I may funnel hack this, I may funnel hack this. But before I funnel hack it, before I spend all the time and the energy and the money to go and create this, okay, I'm not going to do that yet. My first goal is to build a list and make money doing that before I ever go through all the effort of building the product, right? So that's my first step, is finding an offer that I might potentially funnel hack in the future. Does that make sense? Pretty easy? All right, step number two. Oh, excuse me, I got some more stuff. So again, find this offer in the market that you're in or you want to be in. This is going to be competitors. You may go to Google or Facebook to find other people that have similar products. Go into Clickbank. And again, if you don't know what offers are hot in that market, it probably means there's not any hot offers in that market. You guys got to know what your market, you got to see what people are buying like crazy right now, okay? All right, so for example, this is a diabetes product, right? It's really good. So let's just say this is the offer I found that's a hot offer, okay? Step number two now, and this is my process, is like let's say this is our hot offer, right? I'm going to watch this entire video and see like what's the hook, like what's the really interesting, intriguing, curiosity-based thing that's in this video these guys have created, okay? And what I do is step number two is I pull out the one thing. What's the one most interesting, cool, exciting thing possible? What is that thing? I'm going to pull that out of the offer, okay? So for example, with this one right here, we've got the offer says, miracle shake treats, root cause of diabetes. So I'm going to pull out the one thing. So the one thing is free video reveals a new miracle shake that treats the root cause of diabetes. Does that make sense? So I'm pulling out the one concept that people are like curious about, like what is that thing? It's funny, in all of our split tests on squeeze pages, the more curiosity-based the headline is on a squeeze page, the curiosity is the thing that increases conversions more than anything else for us on the landing page, okay? So the more you can make things curiosity. So for this, this is like the one thing that's going to cause mass curiosity. It's like what in the world is this miracle shake that treats the root cause of diabetes? Okay, so that's why I'm pulling that one thing out, okay? And then the next thing is I take that one thing and I create a landing page. Okay, I make a squeeze page with the one thing. For example, there it is. I made this in ClickFunnels in like three seconds. So I watched this video. This is the sales page of a different product, right? I pulled it out and I made my squeeze page and ClickFunnels says free video reveals a new miracle shake that treats the root cause of diabetes. Put your email address in here if you want it. They put their email address in, they click submit and guess where it takes them? Through my affiliate link over here and hopefully they buy the product. Okay? And notice I'm doing this before I ever go and create my own diabetes product and my upsells and all that stuff. I don't do that at first. Okay, the first thing I do is I'm going to see if this works. I'm going to see if people are buying it. See if I can get traffic to come through here and buy the thing. So that's kind of what I'm doing here, okay? So that's the third step. I'm using the one thing on the squeeze page and the fourth step is now I go back and I give, I show this offer, I show my squeeze page to the hot market. Okay? And so again what I do is I'm using similar web, I'm using what runs where to find out. Where are these guys already buying ads on? Because if they're already buying ads there it works. I'm going to buy ads on the exact same site and I'm just going to make my version of the Bandra that takes into this page as opposed to like their root page. They're going to come through and join my list, buy the product and that's kind of the goal. Does that make sense you guys? Okay? So there's the process. Again, step number one, find a hot offer. The potentially I might funnel hack in the future. Step number two, I pull the one thing out of that, the one most curiosity based thing from the sales letter or the sales video, whatever that is. I then put that on a squeeze page. If they opt in and they're going to go through my affiliate link to the actual sales page. So I'm going to make money there if somebody goes through there and I go to the hot market, I go to where they're already buying this product and I buy ads in the same spot. And when I do this, the goal of it obviously is for me to see if people are going to buy from this process. See if the sales letter is converting and if it is, eventually if I decided, okay, this is working really good. I got the traffic source working, we're growing a list, we're selling the product. Now I know, now it makes sense for me now to go and create this whole product or to create whatever that thing might be. Okay? But I go in there ahead of time and build the list first that way. Okay? So this is the goal again with this is, is the goal is to be able to put a dollar in advertising into the squeeze page. They watch the video and then hopefully get at least $1, if not $2, back out the back. Okay? So that's the, that's one way I look at this is, is by pulling out the one thing. Okay? Now sometimes, sometimes there's other cool ways to do this where you're not necessarily just pulling out the one thing. And so I'm going to show you an example. For example, this is, this is one of our old products we used to have. It's called dot com secrets X. And, and in this product we teach people how to build a list and how to drive traffic and a bunch of things like that, right? And it worked really good driving traffic to it directly. But how many of you guys have gotten the dot com secrets book? How many of you guys are still waiting for it? You want to kill me right now? Sorry guys. We're, we're, we're working on it. It'll be your house when you get home. So don't worry about it. It's, it's there. I promise. In the, in the book, one of the things I talk about is, is transitioning from like warm traffic or like hot traffic to warm traffic to cold traffic. And so with this offer, as we started going out to cold traffic, the way I think about cold traffic is if I was, let's say I go to the, to the food court at the mall, right? And I walk in and I'm like, hey, how many of you guys here would like to learn how to build a list? How many people thinking in the food court are going to be like, yay. Most of me are like, what are you talking about, right? The word list is like a warm tie. You guys understand it, but like people in the food court are not going to get it. So I wanted to get this offer to convert to cold traffic, right? It's like a walk in the food court and get these guys to give me money. So we created a squeeze page to get people, to get people, so we could, we could promote it to mass traffic. Does that make sense? So what we did is, it's hard to kind of see here, but we made it a landing page that basically said, get a free money making website. So I went to the food court and I'm like, hey, who wants a free money making website? Like everyone in the food court is like, heck yeah, I want a free money making website, right? Because this is something that speaks to the masses. So I can go to the masses with this. And so they come in here, they opt in, and then we get, we email them a free money making website. But then they still don't know what, my goal, I really want to sell them this product right here, right? But again, they don't know what that is. And so when we started creating, and this like transformed our business, this gave us the ability to drive cold traffic into our funnels and make a ton of money, by adding a little thing I call a bridge page. And so the bridge page is a page in between that comes here. So it says, step one, get your free website. It says, hey, thanks so much for requesting your free website. Check your email address, there's a link to there. But this is the deal, okay? Having a website is great, but just like the movie, Fill the Dreams, if nobody actually comes to your website, if they build it, or if you build it, they will come, it doesn't work that way. If you have a website, it doesn't matter, because if you have a website, it doesn't mean people are gonna come to your website. You notice in this video, I didn't say traffic. Okay, they wouldn't know what traffic was, I said people. If you want people to come to your website, so I use terms that they can understand. So if you want people to come to your website, then you've got to learn this thing that we call traffic. Traffic is how you get people to come. So I'm bridging this gap for them between what they understand and what I need them to understand to buy my product over here. Does that make sense? Okay, so sometimes these bridge pages are magic. So step one, I basically say, you're getting the free website, but having websites is not gonna help you unless you've got the ability to drive people or traffic to the website. So I'm gonna show you a free video that's gonna show you exactly how you can get traffic to come to your website. They then click on that right here, takes this video right here. Now this video makes sense to them, cuz I'm talking about traffic. I'm talking about building a list, I'm talking about things that now make sense to them because the bridge page bridge the gap. So this is kind of another concept when you're doing this. If you're picking a market that may not be super educated and you need to bridge the gap using a bridge page like this, just works wonders. A lot of times if you have an offer that's not converting, it's because you're speaking to them at the wrong level and you need a bridge page like this in the middle to help dump things down so that they understand what your offer actually is. We have people who work all the time, we're like my offer doesn't convert and they're freaking out. They want me to rewrite the copy or retrain all this stuff and all we need is a little page in the middle to bridge the gap form and all of a sudden it just starts working. So that's kind of that process. And again the way that the bridge page offer looks, same thing. You put a dollar in ads, you drive them to an opt-in page. From there you take them to a bridge page, the bridge page takes them to the order and then that's the process. You're gonna go through there, put a dollar in and hopefully get $2 back out. That's the game plan. All right, so now I'm gonna show you how to do this as ClickFunnels affiliates. How many of you guys are ClickFunnels affiliates? Do you know you all are ClickFunnels affiliates? When you create your ClickFunnels account you have an affiliate link, anyway. In fact, we have a whole bunch of you guys who keep getting checks every month. And I've had you guys ask like, how am I getting this checked? And I'm like, cuz the bottom of your pages has power by ClickFunnels. You can delete that if you want, but if you leave it on, that goes through your affiliate link and you get paid. So you guys are all ClickFunnels affiliates. And tomorrow we're gonna talk about my goal, we'll talk about this tomorrow. My goal for you guys is in our next event in like a year from now. My goal is to give one of these cars to every single one of you guys in this room. Cuz this is cool over here, right? We're gonna be giving this car to someone tomorrow. That's cool for one person. My bigger goal is to be able to give one of those to everyone. How many of you guys want that car? About half of you guys, the other half don't want one? Who wants that car? All right, okay. So that's my goal, we'll talk about that. But anyway, it'll be fun. So this is a thought for you guys who want to be ClickFunnels affiliates. We have our sales page right here. One thing I'd recommend, cuz all you guys are in different markets, right? Some of you guys are doctors or dentists or chiropractors or whatever market you're in, right? One thing you can do is work really good is you can make like a funnel for your market. So let's say I'm a chiropractor. In fact, Chad, who's got his chiropractor funnel, is working right now, is doing this with Chiro. He's got his funnel, it's giving him 10 leads a week. He made that funnel, a share funnel, ClickFunnels, and he's got a landing page now. It says, hey, are you a struggling chiropractor? How would you like my sales funnel? It gets me 10 leads, 10 brand new clients a week. I'll give you for free just opt-in right here, they click on the button. Boom. Then you get it says step one, get your free funnel. And then step number two, get the two week trial at ClickFunnels, okay? So there's a little bridge page now, cuz most of you guys, I'm guessing that a lot of markets outside of like the how to make, or the internet marketing world, don't understand what a sales funnel is yet, right? They know what websites are, but that's it, they don't know the next step. And so this is the concept I would use if I'm talking to my audience over here. Dentist chiropractors, whatever business you're in, boom, give them a free funnel, and then give them a two week trial at ClickFunnels. And that bridge page now, bridges the gap between a free website and ClickFunnels. So that's gonna be tools that can help you guys get that card, just so you guys know. All right, here's another one. Again, one of the big keys you guys, that you will find, it's kind of interesting, Jeff Walker, I was talking yesterday, and he did put out a video like a year or two ago that really had a big impact on me. He was talking about when he first got started, he didn't know what he was doing. He started publishing stuff, started putting out a newsletter and started sending it, and didn't know what was gonna work and what wasn't gonna work. And he started doing stuff, started publishing stuff, right? And eventually, some things people gravitated to and they responded to, and then they worked. He said, hey, this works, I'm gonna spend more time, more energy there, and kept it started growing deeper in the ones that people responded to. And for me, it's the same way, back in the day it was hard because we couldn't put out landing pages very fast, right? It was like a two week process to get a landing page. ClickFunnels is like a 10 second process, right? So we've got lots of landing pages really, really quick to get new leads and customers coming in. In fact, the next presentation, I'm gonna show you some cool things we're doing. But for example, this is one, I wanted to target Robert Kiyosaki's crowd. And so I just got a squeeze page. I said, rare rich dad video today, 60 minutes to get rich. We drove traffic from Robert Kiyosaki's audience here. They click on the button, it pops up. And then they opt in, and boom, takes some bridge page right here. Step one is it then watches this like 60 minute video, Robert Kiyosaki teaches some ninja cool stuff. And step two is like, are my affiliate link for a real estate product right here? My goal was to be able to buy traffic from Robert Kiyosaki's audience and hopefully break even, right? And now I've got a list of Robert Kiyosaki people that I can sell my stuff to. That was kind of my evil goal here, right? So we did that, and that was kind of the process. And it was super easy and took me maybe 10 minutes to get that little mini funnel built out. Okay? And some of you guys are probably thinking, Russell, how'd you get Robert Kiyosaki to give you 60 minutes of content that you could go and give away for free to build a huge list? Anyone know how I did it? I went to YouTube, and I just got the video. I've used YouTube videos, more YouTube videos to grow my list than almost anything out there. And most people have never even thought about that. So that's hopefully a strategy that'll be really good for you guys. There's some amazing stuff on YouTube that people would normally pay insane amounts of money for. And so you can just grab it and give away for free to build a list and then sell a similar product to help break even and help break even on the ad cost. All right, I got a few other landing page hacks and then Richard's gonna be up right after that. So a couple things hopefully will help you guys out. So first thing, for those of you guys who read the dot com secrets labs book, there's a couple of really cool split tests we did on landing pages that had dramatic impact, like huge increases in our conversions. I want to share with you because while we've shared this, I see very few click funnel people actually using them. So one of the biggest ones is this little micro commitment style squeeze page, right? This was our old squeeze page and then this is the new one that we tested. And the basic concept behind it's really simple. The first one's like, hey, here, anyway, yeah, same headline on both of them. One of them just says, put in your email address, click here and you get access to the thing. Over here, it says, same headline, it's like step one, step two, step three, and it has this little mini survey. This is basically how do you hear about us? Have you ever seen those style of landing pages before? Could be guys. So by transitioning from just a static landing page to this little mini survey, we increased our conversions by 95%. So almost twice as many leads came into our funnel, just by adding this little micro commitment mini survey on it, okay? So what's funny is we added this little mini survey feature to click funnels, probably two or three months ago. And it was interesting to me that nobody got it. Everyone came back and they're all like, how in the world do we do this? How do I send my survey results? How do I do brand? They're one of these hyper complex survey things, which there's a time and a place for those things. And Richard's gonna show you how he uses them, cuz it's actually pretty ninja cool. I was never smart enough to do that yet. And so we had these little micro ones, and my goal with this is nothing. I don't even keep track of any of the data. But by adding in this little micro step where they have to make a little choice, just because human beings are really interesting. When we start a process, it's hard for us to step out of it. So you come here and it's like, from this version of the page, there's no risk. It's just like, how do you hear about us? And you're like, that one, you click on it. Now, because you've clicked, you've started this process. And just because you've started, there's momentum and you don't wanna stop. It's really weird. And so we have these little pages on tons of our landing pages. And every time we do it, it dramatically increases conversions. In fact, I did one for someone last week. I'm not sure if he's even here or not. I can't remember. Boom, there you are. And, well, yeah, tell us. And so I think I have a picture of yours. Boom, this is a squeeze page here. How much do we increase your conversions by adding a little micro squeeze there? So it's more than double his conversion just by adding that. Is that awesome? So this is an element that you guys all have when you add any page. It says, survey element. It's this little thing. It's simple. It's basic. It's not complex. It's not built to be able to do a million different survey elements and all those kind of things. It's built to do this. It's to give somebody a little option. And so adding these little things on your landing page, you guys, are insane. I guarantee that most of you guys will double your conversions, just like he did, just by adding in this one little thing. And if you look at what we did with our supplement, it was kind of funny because it says something like, where'd you hear about us? And it was like, number one, Dr. Oz, number two, Oprah Winfrey, number three, Merkola.com, number four other. Now, obviously we weren't on Dr. Oz or Merkola or any of those, right? But you come to a website and you're like, wow, these guys have been on Dr. Oz, they've been on Merkola. And then they click the other ones. And I just don't want to eat any of these. But it just changes, it's all about framing, right? It changes the frame that someone goes through. And so it's just, it's a little thing. I learned it initially from Dagen Smith. Dagen was kind of the inventor of this little mini squeeze page, micro squeeze page, micro commitment squeeze page. He did a training a couple years ago for our audience. And it was cool, it was called the evolution of a squeeze page. He showed like an eight year process of a squeeze page where it started, how it morphed and it changed. And after eight years of testing, he came out with this little micro squeeze page. And he hasn't been able to, I don't know if he hasn't, I haven't been able to beat it since then. It's just like this simple, easy thing. So that's an element that's there. It's not the complex surveys you guys have been asking for, but it's one that'll double your conversion on any landing page just by adding it in there. Cool? You guys like that? All right, so you guys better start using it because it's awesome. And his question is, have you used my existing, yeah, we do. Yep, not as often, but for cold traffic and things like that, ads we're buying, things like that, I use it almost every single time. Good question. Okay, a couple other tests that are cool, that are simple. Okay, so this one right here, this is our control. And these are all like, so Todd is the genius behind most of our split testing things. I always make the best version that I think is going to beat it. And he comes in and he'll use his little ninja things and change one thing and just destroy me. So this one's funny because this was the page that we ran for a year. It's like, how'd you hear about his TV, Dan Kennedy, what's that even say? Email newsletter and banner ad. Those are our four options on this one. And it was running, it was working good, and we were all excited. And then one day Todd was like, I wonder, what if you didn't hear from TV, Dan Kennedy, email or banner ads? Like, I bet some people, they're like none of those and they're too scared to click and they leave. And so he added this little thing to just said other. Is that the dumbest thing in the world? Just like this catch I call the other and increase our conversions by 206%. So all of my pages, the fourth option is always other now. Don't not have other in there, just it's nuts. That was not a really cool landing page tweak that just dramatically increased what we're doing. The other thing that was interesting, and this is a test that was counterintuitive to what we thought. So the three steps here, the third step, if I can read here, said, third step said get your access. And over here, third step said finish. And Todd's thought it was like, if they see finish, it's gonna, in their mind, they're like, okay, it's done, I can get to the ending and more people will go through. And so he said that's the test, ran a bunch of traffic through and what was interesting was he was right. 18% increase in conversion by having the third step be finished. And so first we're all like celebrating, yeah, we found another big one, we're all excited. And then luckily for Todd, he's not a surface level guy. He looks at stats from when someone opposite all the way through the funnel, like the life cycle of them, like how long they're going, right? And so he looked deeper in the day and he said, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, hold on, before we celebrate, he's like, what was interesting is that it increased our conversions by 18% here, but it decreased our conversions on the sales page by 31%. I was like, how in the world, how does that possible? And we started trying to think through and obviously we don't know the reason why. I hate when people do split tests and explain to you why something won, because we don't know, people are weird humans, creatures that, I don't know why. But my closest guess of why this worked is it's about pre-framing it in your mind, right? Like if the last step is finished, you're like, sweet, I'm done, you're finished, next page, I try to sell you something, you're like, but I'm done. And so the conversions drop, we're here, which is get your access, your mind's like, I'm still open, you get the next page, it's like, okay, what's the next thing? It's all about either closing the frame or keeping it open. We also thought a really similar thing in our sales funnels. If our upsell page says, thank you so much for completing your order, we got a special offer for you versus wait, your order's not yet complete, we got a special offer for you, like night and day conversions. When you close this process for somebody, they're less likely to reopen and do the next thing, and so if you can keep the doors open. Do you guys catch that, my two differences on that? One of them was, thank you so much for completing your order, I've got a special offer for you, right? Thank you so much for completing, it's complete, it's done. Versus wait, your order's not yet complete, we've got a special offer for you. Just keeping that gate open. And so this is another really interesting thing about tweaking the frames and showing all the pieces I think is really, really cool inside of list building. All right, so the last thing I wanna show you guys is on the third day, so what's that, Saturday? Saturday we're gonna be revealing you guys the coolest new feature inside of ClickFunnels is coming out. We're gonna talk a little bit more about sequencing and auto responders and stuff like that as a hint of what's coming out. But I wanna show you guys this because this is, when you get this, this is the key, okay? What happens over here is I'm buying traffic, right? I send through a squeeze page or through one of the variations of the squeeze page, we kinda showed you guys here. There were squeeze pages, you might have a bridge page, different variations, right? We're sending them through, we're selling them our product. And hopefully our goal is if we drive, put a dollar in ads in, we break even, right? That's always my first goal. If we can spend a dollar and make a dollar and break even and our list grew from that, then it's a win, right? But what's interesting is sometimes you do that and it doesn't work, right? I remember a couple years ago, we had this landing page and we went to, I think it was, it was a, dang it, it was a Archimax. We bought an Archimax ad, we spent like, I think $3,000 or $4,000 on this Archimax email ad and we drove traffic to it and then went through, they had a product and there's an upsell for the, there's the squeeze page and then upsell for the product. And I think we added like, we added like two or three thousand people to our list, which was awesome. But we totally didn't make money. Like after like two days later, we looked at the stats and we spent $3,000 and made like $200. I'm like, that just didn't work. I remember being really, really frustrated. Now luckily, I had gone through and when they opted in, we'd built a whole email follow up sequence, okay? Similar to the ones I talked about in the dot com secrets book, we had this sequence coming through here where they're gonna get emails about this offer and other ones and things like that. And I remember like three or four months later, our rep at Archimax wanted us to run it out again. He's like, hey, you guys should run it again. I'm like, dude, we spent three grand and made like 200 bucks. Like that was a good deal for us. He's like, okay. And then one of my guys overheard that. So he went back just to look at the stats just to see what ended up happening. And when he looked at the stats, what was interesting is that they came in here, and day one, we lost money. Day two, we lost money. Day three, we lost money. We kept losing money. But after it was like day, I think it was like day 11 or day 12 in our email sequence, we broke even. Okay, so each day we're getting closer and closer and closer to breaking. And day 12, we break even and everything that happened on day 12 on was pure cash. Just pure money into our bottom line. And when we realized that, we called Archimax back up and said, yes, let's run that out as often as we can because of the process, okay? And so understand that when you're building a funnel, there's different ways to do it. Sometimes best case scenario is you buy an ad the next day, or a couple hours later, you break even. Sometimes you don't. And so you have to understand that. So when you're doing this list building funnel, you're driving it out, they opt in, and it's about building out a sequence. Because it might be this day, it might be this day. Somewhere in this process, if you do it right, you're gonna break even. And everything after that is just pure profit, okay? And so that's really kind of the key to understand here with the whole list hacking process. Does that make sense? All right, cool. Now, the last thing I wanna share with you guys is you kind of start thinking through this with list hacking. I remember the first time I ever heard this, Mike Philsen told it to me. He said, he ran all the stats, he found a really interesting number. He said, I was averaging $1 per month per name on my email list. I was like, that's cool, I wonder what I'm doing. So I went back to the beginning of my business, started looking at it. And sure enough, just like he said, almost to the T, the numbers he said for mine for a three or four year time span was almost the same. When I had 500 people on my list, I was making about $500 a month. When I had 10,000 people on my list, I was making $10,000 a month. When I had 100,000 people on my list, I was making $100,000 a month. And so that's for me, it's the metric that we look at, right? So if I can drive an ad and break even, okay? Let's say, again, the Archimax ad we dropped, we spent three grand and eventually we broke even, but we added 3,000 people to our list. Those 3,000 people should be equal to a $3,000 a month pay increase for me, right? Now I always think about that, in the real world, if you guys are a doctor, and you're getting paid $200,000 a year, and you want to double your income or tripling, whatever that is, you've got to go back to school, five more years of school and specialize and all these kinds of things double your income. With internet marketing, with this process, all you have to do is buy some more traffic and build that list. If I want to go for making $3,000 a month, that's $6,000 a month, I just got to double the size of my list. If I want to go from six to 20, 20, whatever that is, you just got to keep doubling the size of your list. And I think that's really, really interesting. And the more I think about this, just for example, that one ad, we spent $3,000, let's say we added, I don't know the exact numbers, let's say we had 3,000 people to our list. It's $3,000 a month, that's $36,000 a year. That's a job for most people, right? It's much buying one ad to join our list. And again, we can do that every week, every single month, we make it consistently. And I think about that versus the other options. I think about when I first got started, one of the first books I read was Rich Dad, Poor Dad, right? I got so excited, I bought my first house and I got all these things. I still have three or four properties that are just rotting away. It's a nightmare. But I was thinking about, yeah, it's actually kind of a funny story. They did this internet marketing real estate co-event. And half the speakers were internet marketing people, half were real estate people. And I'm the easiest person on earth to sell, right? And so I'm sitting in the audience and there's girls out there talking about how much money she's making in real estate. And I'm just running back in the room, buying this course. And so within six months, I bought six houses in St. Louis. And it was a nightmare. We spent like, it was just crazy. We spent like 100 grand on this house, right? Tons of risk, in fact, I still can't get rid of these things, right? Tons of risk. I put a renter in there and my goal when I was said that is that hopefully this house will cash for like 200 bucks a month. And I'm like, man, I have so much risk on the line for 200 bucks a month. Or I could add 200 people in my list, spend 500 bucks on an ad, add 200 people in my list and I just get the same thing as me putting out all this risk and all this liability to buy a house. And for me, it's so much, it's brain dead simple. It's way easier to focus on this. And so my big kind of thing to end the session for you guys is just understanding that this is the key to all this kind of stuff, you guys. And I'm excited Richard's gonna show you guys something here in a minute that hopefully tie a lot of these things together for you. But for me, the first funnel that we do before we do anything is always a list hacking funnel. It's always building a simple process, finding somebody else's product in a market we're in or we wanna be in. And if you do have your own product, you can use yours as that product. But we find a hot offer, we start driving traffic and our goal is to break even, to make a profit, start building a list. And if it works, and if it can prove that it works, then we'll go funnel hack that, build our own sales funnel, make twice, two, three times as much money. But the list hacking stuff is the key, that's where we always start. So it's important for you guys to be good at opt-in funnels, be good at designing, be good at getting them out there, getting them out there really, really quickly. Because it's just like Jeff Walker was talking about publishing. You gotta keep publishing things, keep putting out more landing pages, more things. And sometimes they're a little alright, you'll get a couple of leads, sometimes it'll blow up and you'll get hundreds or thousands or tens of thousands of leads. And you never quite know until you put them out there. And so that's what's really, really fun about this process. One more story about kind of the tie in this whole funnel hacking thing and then I'm gonna bring Richard up. I met this guy a couple years ago and when I first met him, he was the richest dude I'd ever met online. He was selling like three or four thousand copies of his product a day. And I remember he told me, he said that what he did when we went to a business, and this is back when eBay was like the hot thing, right? So that when I go back to eBay, and I found out one of the products they're selling the most consistently. And he said that he found at the time, this was again ten years ago or so, he found that the hot thing was, do you remember on your cell phone, you had these little stickers you put on and it increased your reception? You remember those? And so we went to eBay and there's like a thousand eBay sellers all selling these things, right? And some guys are selling like 10 or 20 of them a day. And some guys are selling like three or four thousand a day. And so he said, first thing I went there, I saw all the competition. He's like, I found out which dudes were the best. He said, these guys, these guys sell them 3000 of these little magnet reception stickers a day. He said, I saw that. I saw how, like what their page looked like and what the copy said and what was converting the best. And like, he said, I just like looked at their thing and he was funnel hacking them obviously. But he looked at it and figured out what that was. He went off of eBay, made his own version of site using the same concepts that they'd used to sell so many, went that out there and used that to make tens of millions of dollars. But for him again, it was not, he didn't wake up one day saying, I want to be in the cell phone market selling these magnet stickers. He said, what's selling? What are people already buying? Find that, go and then figure out who's selling the best, model that, funnel hacking, create something similar, and then just put yourself in front of the same traffic. And it was really inspiring for me to see that. And for my entire business, you guys, this has been what we've done, is this funnel hacking process. And it all begins, like I said, with the list hacking. So that is kind of the concept. That awesome, you guys? All right, cool. Okay, so what we're gonna do right now is I'm gonna have Richard come up here. So Richard's one of our inner circle members. When I first met him, I was really intimidated, I'm a nervous, but he's turned out to become one of the coolest guys in our group, super close friend. He was actually in Boise like two weeks ago for our inner circle meeting. He lives out in the UK, and then he decided to fly back again just to show this stuff with you guys, and I'm really grateful for him. I'll let him kind of talk about it, but he was launching a new supplement. And he went through kind of a similar, this hacking process. Again, he took it to the next level, and he's gonna show you some ninja cool stuff. He did probably 20 or 30 minutes, he's been walking through this process, and you guys are gonna love it. So everyone, remember Devon, teach you how to introduce somebody? Okay, so Richard come up, everyone, let's stand up, put our hands together. Richard Cussins. Oh, wow. You're so American. God, yeah. Can't even believe I'm stood here. So yeah, Russell has to come there, she's trying to entice me to come here. It's in Vegas, and I'm going, yeah, right. Like, I wanna be in Vegas, my least favorite place on Earth. All I wanna do is go fly fishing. It's that little laser I'm gonna find my way about, and if I'm not fly fishing, I wanna be skiing. And so I wasn't enticed by that, so then he tells me, yeah, come to Vegas, you know, you like the mastermind, you like helping people. There won't be many people there, you know, like 12 or so. Yeah, it turns out I've been hacked. There's 600 of you here, and I think that birdies on spamming, rather than hacking. So I'm gonna talk to you about the underachiever method 3.0. You're gonna see there's a little theme. Why there's a little theme is because this stuff works. So I call this the underachiever method 3.0, or as I like to call it, how to build a funnel that test new markets reveals buyers, tells you what to sell them, and how, builds a list, and sucks in cash all at the same time. So who would like to do that? Woo! God damn. Okay, now I've been doing this a while. I'm a crusty old git. I'm hard to please, I'm grumpy, as Russell will tell you. And when I first got started, well, I laugh and I say to people on the internet, well, it was in black and white. Well, actually, it was actually in gray and blue. I am not kidding you. So here's Yahoo in 1993, and things have progressed by 1994 to Amazon, in gray and blue. And actually, when they started and launched their affiliates program, I literally was in there so early that I was probably affiliate number 006. I was in that early. By 1998, I was starting to earn a living online, not full-time. I ran a pretty successful consultancy company at the time. Man, that job's stressful. We were doing strategic planning, sales and marketing, things like that. I had 10 guys full-time, and they were. It was hard, hard work. But this internet thing, I just wanted to make it, if I could make it work, then I could give up a proper big job and do something fun. And yeah, look down here, this is a fun little thing. I did sign up for my Google updates monthly. Whoever thought that happened? 2003, man, I was really fed up with consulting. Really, people were really getting on my nerves. I didn't want to do it. I couldn't get my internet business to work. Nothing was working. It's like MySpace. At some point, I'm going to have to give this up, and like MySpace, I'm going to have to rest in peace. Actually, I was pretty shocked, because I actually looked at MySpace, and it still exists. It's still actually out there. And something changed for me. By 2006, when our little friends at Facebook and Twitter, and I did double-check this, that is what Twitter looked like, would you believe, I was a fat cat, running in cash. Something had changed really significantly for me. All thanks to two people, just like Russell. It's like I'm my little brother there, with Ed Dale and Frank Kern. Now, I don't want to be rude about anybody, but I'd sort of expect that Ed might have a little bit less hair. But all I can say about Frank is, well, he looks a lot better today than he did back then. I'm definitely going to be taking that. The underachiever method. I started in the same place. It's what turned things around for me. I'm a detailed guy, so I'm going to go into more detail. So really straightforward, we were selling info products at the time, and so we are saying to people, driving people to our landing page, no click funnels, so we had to do it in good old-fashioned HTML. I'm writing a book. I don't know if I've covered everything. If you tell me your number one problem with whatever the subject is, I'll send you a free copy. There's a space to write in there whatever your number one problem is, name an email, and then from there, we've got database advances. And a list. We draw some traffic, which in those days was Google Yahoo, and actually, if you're really old and crusty, it was Alta Vista and Obitura at the same time. And that changed things for me, because that gave me the data to reliably work out how responsive the market was. Just simple things like number of ad views, ratio of ad views to clicks, ratio of people landing on the page. Really importantly, what people were saying and how many people were filling out that little box. And also, people were just giving us a one-word answer, like, that market's not really that responsive. But if there were like, in reams, and in some markets, people like to tell you the life story, I'm thinking, yes, this is the market that we want to be in. The other cool thing about that is, it gave me all the information that I needed to be able to write the info product, chat to headings, content, sales letter, all done. Pretty straightforward. Getting reviews, really, really easy. We fulfilled the promise of sending out the free guides, we just said, hey, can you write us a review? And at the same time, we said, hey, you've got this free thing, here's another cool thing you could buy to go with it. So we were making money as well. I added my own little twist. Different way of finding out that information that just Russell's just talked about, we looked for competitors, we looked at their landing pages, and at the time, we sent traffic to their page via direct affiliate links, which you can't really, well, you can do it now, but it's difficult to do. And from that, we made some money, which I was really happy about, but we got more data. We were working out which office we were working, how they were selling, what products were working, so doing a similar thing, slightly different way. So I adapted it for my existing business. So until I did this, I could not break $5,000. I could not break $5,000 a month. So this was back in 2003. It never happened. And we did exactly the same thing for my own business. And I had a list, and I did this for my own list. Pretty much the same thing. I got a database of answers, and I was able to segment that list. And then the magic happened. And then the magic happened, because within... Well, what we learned was actually, not having done this research, and just like doing as many markets as are possibly good to see what works, throwing mud at a wall and see what sticks, when we did this, I found number one, I was selling their own product because I was selling e-books and I should have been selling videos. And we weren't using the right language. And so once we changed the language and we started selling videos, within three months, we were doing $20,000 a month in 2003, in 2006. So you can see the power of doing this sort of stuff. At the time, so we were entering new markets and I had a new strategy for doing it. We only did it if the data indicated we should do it. So we have our metrics of looking at what they had to do, and we have our metrics of looking at the questions and seeing what sort of answers people were getting, giving us and how in depth they were. And if that didn't pan out, we didn't do it. We didn't do it. So I love to fish, and you know, it's not perfect. We had failures, but we learned very, very, very, very quickly about those failures, but we had a lot of success. All right, so let's fast forward to 2015. Things have moved on. Russell's got the underachiever method 2.0, but I do like to take things to the next level and do get a bit crazy with these things. Someone's laughing there, that's people that know me. So who here thought the underachiever method that Russell showed you was a cool thing and they'd like to do it? Yeah, that's a few of you. Who thought, actually, I don't know the mechanics of how I'm actually going to do it? Yeah, a few of you. Well, I'm going to show you now. The way that I do it. So we're looking for affiliate offers, except I look for multiple affiliate offers and we rotate them. So even faster, I'm finding out all the data and what's working, what's selling, how they're selling, and we rotate that all through the same funnel. We have our lead capture pages talking about what the affiliate offer is, so let's keep it simple, free video reveals. And we sandwich it with our quiz page in which we're gathering our data. And because of the way I do that at the minute until in click funnels that that quiz function grows, which it is going to, we embed our quizzes. You'll find out why in a minute. And from the quizzes, we link that to our offers and obviously we link very simply in click funnels our lead capture page to our quiz pages. One thing that's pretty important, if we are going to be driving traffic within ad that says, I don't know, think of a silly example, free video reveals how to jump up and down on one leg and we take it to a lead capture page that says that if we suddenly set them to a landing page that isn't congruent with that and they're expected to see this free video of somebody jumping up and down on one leg and they don't get that, you're going to get yourself into problems. So we have an exit pot, really easy to do, that says, hey, don't forget to see your free offer. But then I go to the other side, because I'm just like that, that if they come into the lead capture page and they don't want to see the video, I have that exit pot that says, hey, please help me, please take my quiz. At the same time, we're building that list. Under the way that we do it, we have our non-survey takers, so they sign up but don't take the survey, we encourage them to do that. If they don't want to take the survey after a while, we then just send them to the offers. As soon as they take the offers, we change them into a different sequence, so that we've got our survey takers in there. And there's another metric, how many people move from one sequence to the other. The next little arrow that comes up is a secret source. And that's currently why we don't use click funnels until they enable that to happen, is we take the data we get from the quiz, and we inject it into our emails. So we personalize the emails. And that takes it from in the emails, hey, if you want to learn how to jump up and down on one leg, this metaphor is going to get really old, I guess. Hey, we're going to run with it now. If you want to learn how to jump up and down on one leg, go and see this cool little video, which is to our offer, where now we're able to say things like, because of the quiz that we've done, hey, if you're a man in his 50s who wants to learn to jump up and down on his left leg, go and see this cool video, versus hey, if you're a woman under 21, and you want to learn how to jump up and down on your right leg, go and see this cool video. Our response rates go through the roof, and selling stuff, our conversion rates are pretty good too. Driving traffic. Facebook's really good. I love driving traffic with Facebook, even though it can be apparently the backside at times. Email, it could be our own list. We could be buying lists. Make sure the specific don't-do-broad lists, you're going to get eaten alive. And we've got pay-per-click, something like Google. And I'm fully aware that if you're going to be sending traffic with Google, and now even Facebook, the exit pop can be a problem, and the lead capture page can be a problem, but we've over time split tested and got ways around that. And just simple things, like having a longer form, lead capture page, and having navigation can help you around many of those issues. Retargeting. A big thing, pretty important. Simple to do. We retarget people back to the lead capture page, and then also back to our quiz page. So that's the way that I do it. So who wants to see how we do that in detail and actually give you all the details to build that out in full? All righty. Finding the offers. Really easy. Russell's already showed you. Really simple. Click Banks Easy. Really, really does work. This is where it starts repeating. And why it repeats is you get experienced people like, Russell and Christy-ole gets like me. We do this because it works and it makes us a lot of money. I've done this because I've been doing this under Achievement Method a long time. I've done this with all sorts of different affiliate programs finding it out. So it works. It works with CPA offers, Max Brown to Peer Fly Never Blue, the ones that I've personally used that you can drive this with. But also, last year, I did it with Amazon. I do occasionally take on clients if they promise not to get on my nerves. And we did this with somebody that had done... What was it now? The Amazon selling machine. The amazing selling machine, the Amazon stuff. And they've got a little process. How many Amazon people have we got? Or people that want to do it? There's a few of you here. So you know what that process is. But what we did was saying, hey, you can layer this on top and put them through the under Achievement Method 3.0 and work out what offers in Amazon are selling. So you actually know and you're building a list and you're making some money. And most people are killing it now because of the data that they've got. Rotating the offers. You don't have to do that. You can keep it really simple like Russell did and just have one offer. It works. It definitely works. I just take it to the next level and I want to get this data quickly and I want to find out which offers are working and why. So re-rotate our offers. And the way I do that is I use Convert and I use Click Meter. And we use convert.com, which is split testing software and Click Meter's software that enables us to manage all our clicks. Other software is available, as I say, at the BBC in the good old UK. Visual website optimizer, CPV labs, the stuff that we use. So we mix and match all these. Those are the ones around there. I'm sure they work just the same way. Building the funnel. Man, it could not be easier. This is a two-step funnel. It's the very first funnel they ever show you, the lead capture funnel. The one at the top, it's the one on the left-hand side. It's the first video training they do. That's it. That's the squeeze page and that's the thank you page. And the exit pops, bottom left-hand corner, get the exit pop working. It could not be simpler. The first funnel you can ever build. We embed that, again, really, really easy. It's just a HTML block and you just put the... We use iFrame, so we just put the iFrame in there. It's like a charm. Nothing more to do. Just build that out. When I... I didn't get Click Funnels. I'm gonna tell you, because I've got a team of people and we've done it all fashioned and I'm gnarly and I'm really slow to change my ways and get grumpy about it all. And then Russell said, no, no, it's really easy. And actually, he did a video about the way he did it and the light went on for me, because you see all those templates and like the one of them fit me. And the way he did it was he just scrubbed all that and started from scratch. And once he showed me those three blocks, you know, those... the nested tables of how it all works, those three sections, I just got it immediately. My very first one of these 25 minutes done. It should be that quick. And if it's taking you 25 days, really, you just stop. You just don't... doesn't need to take that long. 25 minutes have you done. So building the quiz, we use SurveyMonkey, SurveyGizma, SurveyFundle.io. And that's because we're pretty sophisticated in the way we do our quizzes. Topic for another day. And to inject all that data into our autoresponder sequences, you've got to have the right autoresponder. So here's three that I have on support, which I get on really well with. Infusion sucks, as I like to call it. Try not to be rude, but I just don't get on with it. I try. I do try. I just don't get it. And then there's ActiveCampaign, which I love. They've got the best deliverability rates, but they're really sniffy about the sort of people that they take. And so it's a sort of market. So if you're trying to be in bizop, internet marketing, supplements, things like that, they're not going to be for you. I just like the on-sport thing. Works for me. Different people have different things work for them. And to connect them together, we usually use the API, but we have got it working in ClickFunnels using Zapier. I mean, it's a point and shoot. It's so, so, so simple to get that done. Driving the traffic. I've talked about Facebook, why I like it, because I love the demographics that we get on the back end. So it's even more data as far as I'm concerned. Emails, your internal lists, media buys. Again, be specific with the media buys. I don't touch banner advertising or anything like that, but we will buy a list if it's really targeted. Then we've got PaperClick. So we've got AdWords, Yahoo Bing, whatever they call themselves this month. Microsoft, something or other it's just turned into. And the retargeting Facebook perfect audience, AdRole, and that should be Google remarketing or whatever they're announcing themselves of at the minute. Really, really, really important to start getting your retargeting in place. So that's a little recap. There's people frantically taking pictures. I knew that would happen, so I put it in there again. But here's why I do it. I do it to get traffic and get traffic quickly. At the last mastermind or something, Russell was saying, the people that are really successful, and probably the people I know in this room that are really, really successful, when they do things, they do it fast and they fail quickly. That's what I like to do. I don't think I've got anything more than anybody else in this room. I just build things as fast as I possibly can and I fail as quickly as I possibly can. And I get as much data. That's what works for me is the data. We get some leads. Always worth having, because once you've got those leads, again, as you've been shown, that's where the money is. You can always do something and make some money if you've got some leads. And if at the same time I can make some money, hey, I'm only human, and sometimes it's okay to make some money, even in England. We don't mind making money occasionally. But it's how powerful the info is. That's why I want it. All right. So who wants to see a live example? All right. Well, considering I am at the place I least like, which is Vegas, because I rather want to be outdoors, I thought I was only speaking to 12 people and the 600 of you. And they put this on my face, so I feel like Beyonce, so they're trying to make me look really, really stupid. I just want to make sure, if I share this with you, because this is like real hard data, and I want to make sure you can keep it a secret. Can you do that? Sure. I want to be really serious about it. And I want to make sure that you can keep it a secret. Sure? I want to be really serious about it. And I want to just keep the best kind of secret, the one you did when you were five years old. I want you to pinky swear. I want you to make a pinky promise. So I know that you're not going to break it. All right? Because I'll share this with you, and we're going to be cool, and we're not going to use this data against me. It's me that's scared at the minute. So don't use it for evil. All right. So I'm going to take it that you promised. All right. So we're looking to enter a new market. I wanted to join Russell's masterminds because I knew he was in the diabetes market, and I wanted to do this. And I wanted to do it for a reason. My mom had diabetes for 30 years, and three years ago, she dropped down dead. And really horrible things to happen. And it's taken me three years to think, you know, I can make a difference, but I can only make a difference if I can get enough people, if it's a business that makes sense, a business that makes money, and something that I think I can make work. And we start, like, Russell does with the, you know, we do all our research in a bounce. He went into a little bit of detail on that. We do a very similar thing. And you learn cool things. A kind of coca day, 20% increase in your risk of getting diabetes. Who knew? Things like that. All righty. Finding the offer, pretty simple. Found something in ClickBank. Found something at Max Bounty. Here's a ClickBank offer that we had, and you learn things that are really important, but you can use. Like, in this market, there's some really spammy, scummy people in this market. I mean, I'll do that, pull any punches. I'm in this because I have a reason, I've got a good reason to do it. And it's really interesting. Two of the offers that we split-tested aren't in ClickBank anymore. And I don't know if you know, you've got to have a really, really spammy offer to get banned from ClickBank. It really, really do. And the other thing I learned was they were spawning their email lists. So when they were, you put your email address in there, suddenly you got 10 emails. And you got 10 emails from different email addresses, sometimes telling the same thing when they couldn't be subtle, sometimes telling a different offer, reverse engineer it, topic for another day, it was all the same people. So a pretty manky market. But that made me scared at first, but when I thought about it, actually, there's an opportunity from there for me to be authentic and do something from the heart and make a difference to these people and if I can get through to them and be honest, you know, I'm going to be the go-to guy. You've seen this before. Why have you seen this? Because Russell got funnel hacked. So we did it slightly different. You can see here we've gone this way. But this warning thing here, I've used something similar before, warning for whatever your market is, that's always worth a split-test. Borrowed a bit of credibility from here. I knew people would be coming from Facebook, or if they've been retargeted or they've seen any of our emails. People don't think about stuff very much. It was whatever they think of. So we want them to be able to fill this in. And there's a second stage of it there. So we're getting into our funnel. So we've just gone through that. I'm using it. It works really, really well. You're about to find out how well that works. All built in click funnels. Here's the exit port. So remember, I'm being congruent with what we're doing. So I've got my free video in the ads. We're driving to that landing page. But if they don't take it, I still want to try and get some data. So we have an exit port that says, hey, please help me. And I know that's not a picture of me and my mum, but hey, you know, I'm a private guy, and I don't really want pictures of me and my mum all over the internet, you know, given that she's passed on. Here's our landing page. Again, you can see at the top here very quickly before you watch the video. Can you help me? Here's the bottom of the landing page. Here's our survey. This is Survey Monkey. There's an iframe in here. And I've got time to talk about the way we do the questions, but I'll give you two really, really important things. First one that we've learned. So we have this, what has been your biggest single problem challenge, but we've added, be as detailed as specific as possible. Please go beyond saying, and then whatever that is. And that really, really ups the response rate that we're getting here. Always really worth doing. Another thing that I know is on there, we split-test this, so one of our split-tests, we've got a typo in here, always makes me laugh. So you will see we had thousands of people through this funnel, no one ever mentioned it to me, and we've done it with other stuff, where we've got typos, our little mistakes. Don't spend all day making this perfect. Just get it up and send some traffic. It will be fine, I promise you. And just another little note, we're getting being congruent here, no thanks, let's see the video. And we do that, A, because remember I'm wanting to build trust, because I know this is a spammy market, but also I'm sending traffic via Facebook, or possibly Google, or something like that. And if they start getting complaints, particularly if you're in a market, where their antenna is up, you're going to get shut down. And so if we can show we're authentic and we're doing these things, or we can start protecting our ad accounts. Alrighty, I did realise that I forgot to give you a screenshot of some of the ads. So here's one of the exit pops that we had on our quiz page, again being authentic, if they didn't want to take the quiz, because people don't read, they just scan through, where's the free video, they get that on exit pop. And yeah, don't do this, this might have worked two or three months ago with a scary man in a bed. Don't do that specifically with Facebook, because you will get banned. Pretty certain you'll get banned. But again, we've got the oops, take me back to the quiz. So, getting it all hooked up, here's our click funnels, there's our landing page, natively, straight into Ontraport. Really, really simple. Like a one-minute job, and it's done. Here's our quiz page. We're using Survey and Monkey. Remember, it's just the HTML block with an iframe from Survey and Monkey. And then from Survey and Monkey we use Zapier, and that puts the data into Ontraport. Really, really easy. Send it some traffic. I'm loving Facebook for the data and the insights that it gives us. And we got some results. We started off, and this is what I first was talking to Russell and people about. We got 229 leads, not very impressive. I spent $300 getting 229 leads. Again, it's okay, but I got a 7% conversion rate to my affiliate offer. Now I'm paying attention. You probably are, too. But I made $300. So I thought, I'm going to do this again, because I'm going to do it again. This time, 800 leads. And this halved our CPA, because we're playing with things all the time. Remember, our conversion rate dropped. Of course it did. But I'm just going to do the normal where it drops, so half a percent or 1%. And I'll go... But it lowered, and we made another $400. So I thought, okay, I'm going to really test this market now. We do round three. And at this point, we've got about nearly another 3,000 leads. Our CPA has gone up. That's okay. Remember, by now, we're changing our ads. We're dialing in on the offers that we're going to make. And we're up to a 5.5% conversion rate. And I've made nearly $5,000 in profit. But what I'm really interested in as well is we've got a gross profit margin of 59%. And that is a really good indicator for me. So there we are. 4,000 leads, 5,000 better off, and a load of data. And again, I know this funnel's new. And so let's show you how all that fits into the data. So here's our traffic. You might as well throw up a Facebook page. So just by doing nothing, we've got 1,600 people to like our Facebook page. We're building credibility and things like that. If we come to launch it, we've got to launch something. We've got all that scrimmy data. Our retargeting lists are built. So when we come to launch something, we don't have to wait days on end or months on end to get enough data in Facebook or something like that. We've already got it. We can launch and we can go hot and we can go as big as we want, as quickly as we like. Because we've already got this data. And really important to start getting that stuff, guys. There's our leads. We've got our quiz pages. We've got 72% of the people filling that quiz. That's pretty good. We've had higher. If it was 5%, I'd know this was a market that we didn't want to be in. We've got all that scrimmy leads to be marketed to at a later date. I know what my conversion, what my numbers are, or what I need to be aiming for. I know which offer converts best. I know how they're selling it, what they're selling it. I know they're funneled by now because I bought it at this point. So I've gone through so we know what's happening. I have a little bit of money as well. Felt like a kid in a sweet shop. Mainly because I've got all that data and knowledge. So I know how responsive the market is, what to sell them, how to sell it, words to use, how to reach them. I've got some money. And believe me, with five grand, you can buy thousands and thousands and thousands of Haribo's or whatever your suite is. Or you can just invest in spending your project. Or if you're going to say, no to this project, you've got to have enough money and you can put it onto the next project, which I've done. I know. So we have a little quiz in here. This is one of the 11 video sales loads that you go to, depending on how you answer the quiz. We have a little product in here. This little line here, I love this bit. This is my favorite bit. We have a variable upsell funnel. So depending on what you're answering the quiz, you get a different upsell. So if I know that you're female and you're interested in learning how to hop them down on your right leg, your upsell is going to change. And then Russell left you with the last thing. What was the last thing Russell left you with? What's the most important part? Anyone paying attention? Anyone paying attention? What was the last thing he said before? What was the last funnel he showed you? Email funnel. So we do that in a big way. That's our email funnel. This is where the money is. And I know I've grayed it out and I know you probably think, oh, and you probably all hate me. But I've left one thing in because all the funnels are different. And we could go on forever with this. But I've left one in, which is that little one there. If you can't read it, but I'll tell you what it says. It says Tuesday tips. And you should all have somewhere in your email funnel a sequence that's Tuesday tips. And you sign everybody into that. And you never sell from that. You're just saying good quality tips. And then from those tips, you give the opportunity for people to choose their own path. Andrew Shaperon, first of all, this with his soap operatic sequences. And that's what we do. So from those Tuesday tips, they can say, hey, if you want to learn more about jumped up and down on your right leg, take my mini e-course. And from there, we sell. And there's people in this row here. They'll tell you they've confirmed they've seen my data. We get 60% open rates. We can do other little fun things when we have that Tuesday tips. The first tip that goes, some of you are probably aware that getting delivered now is a bit of a problem. And I don't know who else knows that if people are using Gmail, your email is going into their promotions box and it's a nightmare to get around. This is how we get around it. And we have a really, really, really good success rate of getting around that little thing and getting future emails opened. In that very first tips one, which Google will let through because it's a new email address, we say, hey, you're on the tips. You're a VIP. We make people feel special. And to me, they are. These tips are going to come every Tuesday. If you've got any questions, just reply to this email and we'll see if we can answer that tip. Now, we can't respond to each one of these individually, but we may answer your question in the very next tip. We don't have to answer those. We do actually monitor that and we get replies. And we get a very big people reply to us. They feel engaged. We've got round being in Google's promotions box. And our deliverability goes sky high through the roof. So, say zero there. I don't know how long it said zero. That's all I've got. You can see I'm pretty crazy about this stuff. I get pretty intense with it. People call me the Henry Ford of Internet Marketing. I don't do this. I do this because I love the freedom of it. And when I'm not funnel hacking, I'm fishing. And when I'm not fishing, I'm skiing. All righty. Thank you very much. I survived. You guys keep it going for Richard. Everybody stand up. We're going to transition a little bit and I want to give you guys a gift today. How many of you guys want a new feature and click funnels today? Half of you do or all of you guys want it? Okay, so I'm going to give you guys a gift here in about an hour, but I got to set it up first. I got to show you some cool things first so that it all makes sense. And then we'll give it to you. So what are we talking about right now? We're going to transition. I know obviously we talked earlier about funnel hacking, some list hacking funnels. And tomorrow we're going to transition to like tripwire funnels, high ticket funnels, launch funnels, a bunch of other funnel types. But I wanted to start today off also talking about traffic because I've already during the break had like eight of you guys asking like, so I got the funnel thing, but how do I get traffic? So I want to like lay out my traffic strategy on the table right now ahead of time, which will also lead into the new feature inside a click funnel. So I'm excited. You guys excited? All right, cool. So let's see if this works. It's not working. Is this the right one? Is there a new one now? There we go. Okay, we're like eight pages. You see all my slides. Okay, forget all of that. Look into the light. Okay, men in black. All right, funnel hacking live. Welcome to the event today. Okay, so today we're talking about traffic hacking. I'm going to show you guys how to get unlimited leads in any sales funnel. Why is this thing going forward and backwards? There we go. All right, how do you get unlimited leads in any sales funnel using a concept I call the dream 100. You guys want to learn about that? All right, so for me, this is the core of how all traffic, all leads, all everything is generated online for our companies. And you may have heard me talk about this before. I see very few people outside of me actually doing this, which is crazy because I keep talking about it and talking about it. So if you want to make a crap ton of money, just do what I'm going to talk about the next hour. It works really, really good and it's awesome. So when I first got started online, the way people got traffic was through Google, right? And Google was all focused on keywords. Like what keywords are people searching for? And if you know those keywords, then you can like jump out in front of them and have your product, right? Is the internet involved in kind of transition from keyword stuff more so to like interest, right? With Facebook, it's more like what are these people interested in? Now you can target those and have your ads jump out. For me, I don't look at the world through keywords. I don't look at it through interest. I look at it a little bit differently. And so that's kind of what this traffic strategy will encompass. When you see it, it's all encompassing. Everything we do is based off of this as the foundation. I learned this concept initially from a guy named Chet Holmes. And have you ever heard of Chet Holmes? Yes. So Chet Holmes, I had a chance. I actually interviewed him probably six or seven years ago after he wrote a book called The Ultimate Sales Machine, which is one of I say probably the top 10 best business books out there. If you haven't read it, it's amazing. And then Tony and Chet worked together for a long time and Chet passed away a couple of years ago, which is really, really sad. But he's left a legacy. He's left some amazing things behind. One of them is this book. I recommend getting the book. It's amazing. But one of the concepts he talked about in the book is a concept he called the Dream 100. And the first time I heard it, like, for me, it took me a second. And then all of a sudden I had this aha moment that just, it was one of those things that like changes your perspective on everything, right? And so, and I'm going to try to tell the story the best as I can remember it. So Chet's got it, Chet started working for a billionaire named Charlie Munger. And Charlie had a whole bunch of different businesses and stuff. And there was a magazine division that Chet came into and basically was supposed to run it. Now the magazine at the time was like the bottom of the heap, right? Like one of the worst, like, I don't know, like number 20 of the magazines. And Chet's job was to come in and increase sales and take them from what they're at to like however high they could get it. And so he came in and started doing some research and looked at what they were doing to try to get advertisers in there. And one thing he noticed is like all of the advertisers and all the competitors' magazines, like the best ones, the guys with the big huge budgets, none of them were in his magazine. He's like, well, that's interesting. Like how do we get all of these people that are spending a lot of money into our magazine instead? And so he went and he started building what he called his Dream 100 list. So the top 100 dream people that he would love to have advertising his magazine. And build out this huge list. And after he had this Dream 100, he started marketing aggressively to it. So one day he'd send out a big old package in the mail, like big lumpy mail, something that's not going to just slip through and get missed by the, you know, that the secretary's not going to throw away, it's going to get to the decision maker. And then two weeks later, pick up the phone and we'd call a person on the phone and drag it all of them. Then two weeks later, he'd mail them another lumpy package. Two weeks later, call him on the phone and consistently was doing this. And for the first month, nothing happened. Second month, nothing happened. And after five or six months, finally he got his first deal. And then got the next and the next. And within like a year, year and a half, he had all of the top advertisers were now advertising his magazine. And they went from being the lowest revenue magazine to the top. And I think that they said he doubled sales like two or three years in a row by following this process. And then he went, so that was kind of the concept of the Dream 100, right? And Chet later went on and he had a similar idea. He wrote a screenplay for like a movie that he wanted to do, right? He wrote a screenplay. He's like, well, I don't know how to get this made. I don't, I'm not in Hollywood. So he said, well, I'm going to use this Dream 100 list for this. So he wrote down a Dream 100 list of the top actors and producers and people who could make his dream come true. Wrote out this top Dream 100 list, went out there and started marketing aggressively, sending out the screenplay and then calling on the phone and sending him something else. Then calling on the phone and kept going back and forth and getting these guys, excuse me, to respond to him. And eventually in a very short period of time, he sold the screenplay, they made it a movie and just did a whole bunch of really cool things with it. And so I learned that in the book, he talks about this and I was like, oh, that's so cool. But my problem is for me, at first I didn't get it. Like, how's this going to work for me? I'm not selling, you know, $100 million contracts. I don't have like 100 clients that I want to get. So I'm like, how does this work for me? And I start thinking like, well, in my world, like, what's my dream? Who'd be my Dream 100? I start thinking about partners. People like, for example, like Jeff Walker or Todd Brown or any people who, if I can get Jeff to say yes to me and he promotes me, I could get 100 new customers or 1000 or 5000 new customers from one yes. And so I start thinking, instead of Dream 100 trying to get customers, I need Dream 100 of affiliate partners. People who have the ability to drive traffic into my world. So that's kind of where we started going with this whole Dream 100 concept. And so the first thing that I did is I got out of Patapaper and I started building out my Dream 100. Now these are the four segments that I go after for my Dream 100. First are who are the other list owners in my markets. Okay? Who's got big email lists? This is an exercise, by the way. This would be the most valuable, most profitable thing you could do this whole weekend. If you go back tonight and pick and get out of Patapaper and start doing this. This is one, just so you know, one yes from your Dream 100 to make the a million bucks or more. So it's important to do that. The first is list owners. That's the first people. Because list owners, they have a big email list, right? If I get one person to say yes, I could turn into tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of dollars in business for me. Second place I look for are bloggers. Who are the bloggers? The people that have huge blog followings. And so I'm mapping out all the bloggers. The many bloggers in my industry that I can think of. Next I start going into the podcast directories. Who are all the big time podcasters in my market? Okay? So I go to the podcasters, I start listing those out. And the last one I go through is social media. Okay? Who's got the big Facebook followings, Twitter followings, things like that? And I start mapping those things out. Okay? Now for me, my Dream 100 has grown. Where about dream almost like 275 now? I keep growing it every single month. When I find new people that are awesome, I add them to this list. I keep adding it, I keep growing it. This list keeps getting bigger and bigger and bigger. So that's the step number one in the process. How many of you guys have heard me do this, talk about this, and have actually built out your Dream 100 list so far? Alright, a few of you guys. Good, good. Okay, so that's step number one. Can I get you guys to commit to me, the rest of you guys, that you will build out your Dream 100 list while you're here this weekend? You guys commit to me? Alright. I didn't know how I was going to get you guys to respond. That just works. Alright. Okay, so that's step number one. Alright, step number two is after you've got your Dream 100 list, the worst thing you could possibly do is call up these people and say, hey, you're on my Dream 100 list. I'd love for you to promote something for me. Okay, I say on average we probably get 20 to 30 people a week who call us, who message us, who email us, who Facebook message me, asking me this question, saying, hey, I've got a product. I'll give you 50% of the sales if you promote it. We'll both make a ton of money. Okay, I hear that like 30 to 40 times a week, literally. We've got gatekeepers who just respond back with a cut and paste email. Thank you so much for submission. We'd love to help you, but we're so busy, blah, blah, blah. Because we get so many of them, right? And so the key is you can't just go and start spamming people. It's the equivalent of spam, right? It's what I was doing when I was a little kid. I told you guys a story earlier. Like, it's not a good idea. So the key is you've got to, the first step here is dig your well. Okay? There's a book out there that says, it's called Dig Your Well Before You're Thirsty. Anyone here have read the book? Couple of you guys. I've never actually read it. I saw it on the bookshelf and I read the title. I was like, oh, that makes total sense. So I bought it just because I felt like I owed the guy that 12 bucks for the idea, but I never read it. But conceptually, that's what it was. It's dig your well before you're thirsty, right? Okay? Most of us, we get into business, we create our product, create our funnel, get everything done, and then we're like, okay, let's go launch this thing. And they're like, okay, where am I going to get partners? Where are things going to happen? And you missed it. Okay? Now you're thirsty. It's too late. You can't dig your well now. So you've got to start digging your well early. You've got to figure out ways to provide value to these people to get them to want to know you. Okay? So the first step in this at the top here is you've got to friend them, follow them, subscribe from them, and buy their products. Okay? So this is key because when there's going to be a chance, when you're going to have a chance to be on the phone with them or meet them somewhere, and if you don't know who they are and you're not up to date on what's happening, you're going to miss your opportunity. I had some other day that somehow got through all my gatekeepers. I don't know how they did it. Got me on the phone and we start talking. They're pitching me to join some network marketing company. I get that a lot. But the pitch about the network marketing company, we start talking. And the person, despite the fact they got through all my gatekeepers, had no homework, had no idea about me, started asking these questions. I was just like, you don't know anything about me. I can tell by your questions you're not, you haven't not paid attention. And I remember like, it just went completely flat and just, it was lost. I think back about, in fact, you guys have a chance here to meet one of my favorite people on Planet Earth in about an hour, so his name is Stu McLaren. And Stu, Stu is one of the best people I've ever met at this process. In fact, the way that I first met Stu, I'd heard of Stu before online. I'd seen some of his stuff. But this is probably, eight or nine years ago, I launched this product called Affiliate Boot Camp. And Stu goes in and buys the product. Like, first off, like showing value and he gives me money for my thing, right? Okay, so gives me value, I'm like, oh cool. And then I was doing these live trainings and every single training, Stu's on there. And every time I open a Q&A, he's first thing, Stu jumps on. Hey, I'm Stu McLaren from myideateguide.com, and I got a question for you, and he asked me questions. And he asked me questions. Every single time he was on there, and over and over again, I kept hearing his name, he's asking questions, he's providing value, like, and I remember that. And then the first time I met him at an event, I'm like, Stu, and I felt like I was like best friends with him because of this thing, and instantly we had a rapport, instantly we became friends, we became business partners, and we made a lot of money together, and we've done things even more important than making money together because of that, because he was that kind of a person. I also know a story about Stu and David Frye that kind of goes with this as well. Because Stu is just a brilliant guy, like, he pays attention to what's happening, he pays attention to what's important to you. And I remember one night at dinner, Stu was telling me this story. He said that he was doing these seminars, and he invited a whole bunch of speakers to come, and he invited David Frye to come speak, and at the end of the call, David said, yeah, I'd love to come speak, and Stu's like, cool, I'd love for you to promote my event if possible, and David's like, you know, I don't really do that, sorry, and he's like, oh, no worries, and then he goes, by the way, I heard that your wife, or I asked some questions about his wife, or something very personal that David had written about like three or four weeks earlier in his newsletter, and Stu had like paid attention to that, and when he had a chance to talk to David, knew what that was, and I might mess up the story, but what I remember, Stu said, is that David hung up the phone afterwards, and a few minutes later called back and said, you know what, I've never done this before in the past, but for you, I'm going to promote your event, and it was because of that thing, like Stu, when he had the chance to approach someone, he was prepared, and that's a big key, you guys, like you've got to know these people, you've got to know what's important to them, you've got to know all these kind of things. Everyone in my dream 100, I know about them, I read their newsletters, I listen to their podcasts, because when I have a chance to talk to someone, I want to be prepared, okay? That's step number two, number one. Number two, how many of you guys have your own podcast right now? A few of you guys, okay. So, a podcast is one of the greatest ways that you can provide value to someone in your dream 100. People always tell me, what do I have the value to someone? I could buy their product, but I can't, like, how else can I help them? I don't really have any way to give to them, and I remember a little while ago, and you guys watched Celebrity Apprentice, it's like two seasons ago, I think, the one that, our Cineal Hall one, do you guys remember that one? Our Cineal Hall, so he's on the show, and they had a charity fundraising event, right? And so, for the event, they had to go and call their friends and all their rich buddies and try to raise money, and whoever raised the most money won this event. So, all the celebrities out there calling in their partners, calling in their friends, calling in their favors, and aside, you've got our Cineal Hall sitting on the couch, calling everyone. He's so frustrated, and no one's returning his calls, and he goes person after person after person, and no one's returning his calls, and he's so frustrated, and at the end of the task, I think his team lost, and he raised the lead, he didn't raise a penny, no money at all, and he's talking to Mr. Trump, and the coolest thing he said, he says to Mr. Trump, he said, you know what, when I had my own TV show, everybody returned my calls. And I heard that, and I just had this, aha, thinking, wow, like, he had a platform, he had a show, he could call up anyone in the world, and they would return his call, because they wanted some of his platform. Okay, so you think about this with your Dream 100, like, if you don't have a platform, it's going to be difficult for you to get a hold of people a lot of times, so you get into the gatekeepers, okay? One of the best ways to get into the gatekeepers and provide value is to give somebody a platform. If you've got a podcast, you have the ability to give, to give a, to have a platform for people. This is an example of, anyone here listen to Bacon Wrap Business? If not, this is a great podcast. So this is a, one of my buddies started this, started this podcast, and he contacted me, said, hey Russell, I got this podcast called Bacon Wrap Business, you want to come share some of your Bacon Wrap strategies with me? I'm like, sure man, that'd be fun. And he had a platform for me. Now, I came on this podcast, he interviewed me, it was really cool, he went out there, started promoting it, through some of the strategies I'll share with you in a minute. To my whole audience, got a bunch of my people that subscribed to his podcast, and he's grown this podcast organically for the last little while, and he's killing it with it right now, okay? And one thing that's interesting is when he interviewed me on this podcast, guess what question I never asked, and then almost nobody ever asks. I never said, well, how many people are on your podcast? Okay, unless there's a way, I don't know how to know how many people are on a podcast. There's not like a directory, like this guy's got 18 million people, and this guy's got 30 people. And he might have only had three people on the podcast, I didn't know. All I know is that he invited me on his platform, and it was a value to me. Okay, so that's the way that he provided value. The biggest thing that any of you guys can do to help you guys get into your Dream 100, is start up a podcast, and feature these guys, get them on, and help them to, help provide value. One of the guys, I don't know, is Mike Campion here this event? Boom, so Mike, I showed the strategy at one of our inter-circle meetings, or night meetings, how long was that? Four or five months ago. And he ran at this, like the first guy who I've said this, who's just like, boom, I'm off to the races. He goes and launches his podcast, interviews me, interviews all these people, Neil Patel, like boom, boom, like all these people, and he's, I don't know how many episodes have you done now? Fifty. Fifty, this is like intense, like 50 episodes. So 50 people now, that he's had a chance to get on the phone, give them a platform to talk about themselves. Okay, he's had a chance to interview and talk to them on the phone for 30 minutes an hour, whatever it is, every single time, and he's got the strong relationship to all of them. You think in the future, if he wants to make a call to those guys, they're going to know who he is? Okay, so much easier. It's like Devon just talked about earlier, like when I call him up, like, hey man, can you speak to my event? Like, he'd instant report because we had done that stuff ahead of time, right? So that's the big thing, is a podcast, one of the best ways you can provide value for your Dream 100. And the third thing is how else can you provide value? Okay, what do you have that you can give? One thing we're doing for a lot of people right now is we're going out there and building funnels for them. I think I should have just, later in the presentation, maybe not. Like right now, we're building out a new book funnel for Tony Robbins. We're building out a new book funnel for Dave Asprey. Like, I find people that I want to connect with, and I look at their funnels, and usually they suck, and I'm like, hey man, I would love to do this for free for you, would you be interested? And they're excited, and I build a whole funnel for them, and they go nuts, okay? And so, how else can you provide value? One good one, this is a guy named Jesse Elder, and I don't know him very well personally yet, but one day we connected somehow, and anyway, he had this course coming out called Ethical Cult Building 101, and he posted on his Facebook, like, hey, who here wants to come to my training, and the future will be paid product, but a bunch of people come through, who would be in? And I was like, that's a cool title, I'm like, I want in. And so, he let me into his ethical cult building course for free, and I went through it, and it was awesome. And I don't know him very well, I don't know what he's going to do with that, he may launch this or sell it in the future, I don't know, but if he does, I've gone through his product, I liked it, I thought it was really, really good, and he provided values for me for free out there during his beta test, and the future, if I want to do something, boom, it opens up. If he was to call me, I would answer his call because of that. So, you've got to think, what else can you do to provide value? A lot of our night inner circle students who are struggling to get their products out of the gate, what I'm going to tell them is, provide value, go find people in the server, and they've been just giving their product, giving their service for free to people, just to give them an experience, and it's one of the best things you can do. So, that's step number one, is digging your, step number two, is digging your well before you're thirsty. Step number three now, obviously after you dug your well, the next step is like, how do we get these people to send us customers and leads and traffic, right? And so, there's a couple of things. First off, I think this is up here somewhere, oh, here it is. So, when we first built out our Dream 100 list, one thing that, we kind of started rebuilding this right before we launched ClickFunnels. So, this was about, about eight months ago, eight or nine months ago, and we had done this in the past, but, you know, when we were launching this new company, I said, you know, I want to do this right, like, let's go back, there's the same strategies we teach, let's like, practice what we preach, we sat down, we built our Dream 100 list, and then, I wanted to do similar to what Chet does, Chet said, you always send lumpy mail in the mail, and then call them on the phone, lumpy mail, call them on the phone, so I'm like, I'm going to do the same thing, it works, right? So, the first thing we did when we launched ClickFunnels, is I wanted to figure out a way to like, be different and to get, to get through the gatekeepers, and so on. I went to olliebaba.com, and we were searching around for something cool and weird we could like, send to people, and we found these like, video cards, okay? And I'll show it to you in a second, but basically, we paid, I think, a twenty or thirty dollars for these video cards, from China or Hong Kong or whatever, they put our logo on everything, and then they shipped them to us, and so we got a hundred of them, we had a Dream 100 list at the time, and I took these, and I recorded a personal video for everyone in my Dream 100, okay? I've done this like, three times now, every time I do it, it's just, it's amazing. So, I got my phone out, and I said, hey, so and so, and I made a video for them, and then next person, next person, I did it for a hundred people, took me forever. Took those videos, plugged them in this card, and I'll show you real quick, I want to show you both, see very well, but you open it up, video starts playing, you can see very well, the video starts playing, and they said, this one was one for Vision Lacanee, it bounced back, so I have it, but said, hey, Vision, this is Russell, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, oh, you guys see the screen now? Hey, Vision, I hope you're an awesome man, I want to make you this quick video for QE, first off, that's the main order, I know, I'm not sure if I should speak, anyway, you get the gist, and so, so we sent, so we got that right here, and then we sent it out to, to that with a T-shirt, a couple other things, to a hundred people on our Dream 100 list, and actually, let's go back to the slides, I got a video to show you, because what happened when we did this, it was awesome, I would say of the hundred people we sent it to, probably twenty of them, after they got it, were so excited, they showed it on Facebook and social media, and they promoted the crap out of it, it was amazing how much stuff we got, and people contacted, like, I didn't get a package, I want to promote, blah, blah, blah, and all these new people started coming to us because of it, so let me show you, this is one of the videos that I found on Facebook yesterday, of this, that was awesome, so hopefully the audio works on this, so this is David Sprague, when he got his video, what he did, and then posted something on his Facebook wall, because he was so excited. So, I just opened my mail, and I got to let you know, this is just a brilliant marketer, you want to know how to get in front of owners and decision makers, well, market like this, so I get this package, let me just kind of show you here, it's all wrapped up in this box, right, and so you can see, it's, I've got this thing, I just open it up and I'm like, okay, what's that, and I'm like, man, what is this, what's this little connection point, I mean, I got curiosity going crazy right now, and then, all of a sudden, like, oh, sweet, a T-shirt, I like that, all right, and then I'm like, whoa, I got this really cool, this is amazing, this looks really cool, looks very interesting, looks like something, I've got a Fortune 500 magazine, like, Ink Magazine or something like that, so I'm like, all right, then I open this, and you just got to see this, because this is incredible. Hey, David, this is Russell, I hope you're doing awesome, I am super fired up for a couple reasons, first off, as you may or may not know, we are launching ClickFunnels in September, and I'm really excited about that, but I'm even more excited, because right now I'm actually driving to the Apple Store to buy you your affiliate price, I want to show you what you're going to be getting, so come on over and just check it out. So, it's a personal introduction to me, and he's going to show me my prizes that I'm going to be getting and promoting. I'm right inside of there, so I want to take you inside to show you what you are going to get, I think you're in love with it. Anyway, I want to show the video, does that make sense what we did? Sounded our Dream 100, and from that we probably got 40 people who ended up promoting the ClickFunnels launch from that, ooh, that got bright. Alright, so then as we started growing our company, this new thing, we took that Dream 100 list, and again as we found new partners, people promoted our products and did well, we started adding this list and started growing and growing, and like I said, right now we're at about 260, 270 people that we do this with. Now, Chell, when he was doing his, he was sending out a package every two weeks, the two weeks he'd call, two weeks and then call, I'm not quite that aggressive yet, so right now what we've been doing with our Dream 100 is we send out a package every single month to him. For example, when the book launch was about to happen, a whole bunch of you guys here, some of you guys here, got this package in the mail. Oops, let me step the back one. So this package, where it came with another, I love doing t-shirts because people love t-shirts, and so like, it's like super cheap to make these things. So we got a t-shirt, we got a copy of the book, and then a letter from me basically talking about the book launch. So we sent that one out probably two months before the actual book launch went. Let's go back to Slider quick. Okay, so that went out. And then everyone like, is so busy on a Dream 100, right? You have no idea if they're going to pay attention, if they're going to remember or whatever. So then, yeah, this is the sales that it came with. Yes, I'm going to give away my Ferrari to whomever can help me give away the most copies of my book. And I had like a little four page letter of me just talking about this cool thing, right? And then 30 days later, so we're getting a month closer to the event, I was like, how do we make sure these guys don't forget that we're launching this thing, right? And so I went on Amazon and I bought these Ferrari keychains, and there was only one dealer, you know, like eight of them. So I bought all eight of them. And the next day there was like eight more. So I bought eight more, and the next eight more, and I kept buying them as they would come through. We ended up buying like 250 of these keychains. I'm sure for the Amazon selling guys, he's probably flipping out, right? This is the hottest market in the world. Like he's ordering like thousands of these things from China. It turns out I'm the only dude buying them. So we bought, it took me like a month, month and a half to get all 250 of these Ferrari keychains. And then we sent out the next letter that has had, here's the keychain for new Ferrari, and then there's an actual physical keychain inside of the letter. We sent that out, and that kind of reminded people. And then during the launch we sent out a thing based on our final bribe, and we gave $20, said, if every book you gave away, we're going to pay you $20 commission. And we sent that one out. And so we sent out those four packages, four months in a row, and from that process we were able to sell over 25,000 copies of our book. Is that awesome? Okay. Now, obviously if you're always just like promoting stuff to people every single day, it gets annoying. So we sent out a package, in fact, those of you guys are on the list, some of you guys know who you are. We sent out just like a gift last month with some cool stuff. And then next month where you're beginning is information about our dream car contest. So that'll be the next package everybody gets with a big old car, and it's going to be awesome. But it's consistent, right? It's consistently being out there in front of the people that I want to do deals with. Now what's interesting about this is you never know what kind of people are going to respond. Some people never responded to these things, ever. But every once in a while people go crazy. For example, when I did my Dream 100 podcast, one of my guys was John Lee Dumas. I'd never met him before, didn't know him, but I just messaged him on Facebook, and I was like, hey man, I got a gift for you. What's your address? Gave me his gift, boom, he's on the Dream 100 list, right? And he starts getting some stuff, and so he gets the book in the mail, calls me up a couple days later, hey man, your book is awesome, love to have you on the podcast. I'm like, sweet. So we do the podcast, during the book launch, he's one podcast with 850 copies of the book, which was awesome. So again, this is how we do the Dream 100 strategy. It's just consistently sending cool stuff to people, because back in the day this probably would work well with email, but no one checks their email now. And so I want to get in their hands, and Mike Philstein was doing a Google Hangout with me live, streaming to the world, and his assistant came in all excited, and interrupted us during the Hangout, like, hey, I got a package from Russell, and he said, oh hey Russell, how's it going? And he opens the package in front of me, like, that's the kind of excitement you want people to have, is like, their assistant's like breaking in in the middle of something important to give them this cool thing, right? And that's what we're trying to do, is try to like, get their attention. Like, it's so hard to get decision makers' attention, most of us have attention of like, a nat, right? Like three seconds. And so you got to be like, I always consistently doing cool stuff, and then they're going to notice you. Okay, so that's step one in this, is we put people on a monthly thing, we're sending out something in the mail, a physical thing in the mail every single month, okay? Because I want to be out there. Second thing here, is I know that no matter how much I beg, some people, they will never promote for me. I know for a fact, Tony Robbins will never promote me to his list. And I'm okay with that. I get that, it's something that doesn't bother me, because if the package stuff doesn't work, then I transition down here to what I call being a parasite, okay? I learned this initially from J. Abraham called it parasite marketing. And what's cool is that this didn't used to be possible, but ever since Facebook and YouTube and Twitter, all these social networks have made easy, is that I can take every single person on my dream world, every single person on my dream 100 list, and let's say Tony Robbins is not ever going to promote me, that's okay, because I can go and I can target all of Tony Robbins' fans on Facebook and drive ads to a page that talks about me and Tony Robbins. And I can target every single person, even Robert Kiyosaki's Facebook following, and Twitter and YouTube, everyone on my dream 100. Okay, so after I've been my dream 100 and I start messaging packages every single month, the second thing I'm doing now is I'm attacking, not attacking, I'm serving. I'm serving, sorry. I'm getting excited. I figured out ways to serve their customers directly to them through the platforms that people have given us, okay? So I can serve them through Facebook, through Twitter, through YouTube. For example, I talked to you guys earlier about Dave Asper, he's someone that I really like the guy a lot. I paid him for a console a little while ago and we're about to redo his whole book funnel and just some cool stuff, right? And after I met him the first time, then some of you guys probably don't know who he is. So he's the dude, they've ever heard of like Bulletproof Coffee or Bulletproof Executive. He's the guy that started that whole movement. He's like, in my mind, like the top dude in the whole biohacking community. He's got huge events, huge following, amazing podcasts. He's just a really cool guy and a huge audience of hyperactive entrepreneurs, people I want to target. And he's a ClickFunnels user. If you guys noticed all those pages, all ClickFunnels pages now, it's kind of exciting. It's fun, huh? So anyway, I do my call with him and afterwards I'm like, and I paid him for a call, right? I'm trying to serve him first. I paid him for a call, got to know him a little bit and then I was like, hey, how can we serve you? Because I got a book launch coming up on my cool. Well, we can help you with that. And I was like, I got a really cool strategy. Just curious if I can have someone on your team send me a whole bunch of product for free that I can give away. He's like, sure, talk to my guy and figure it out. So, talks to his affiliate manager and said, I want to do this really cool thing. If you can just send me a whole bunch of your product for free, I've got a really cool strategy to be able to sell a bunch of this stuff for you. And so, this is what I did. Check out this video. Hey, everyone, my name is Russell Brunson and I'm here today because we're doing a very special giveaway where I'm actually going to be giving away $500 worth of bulletproof products. And I'm super fired up and excited. We're giving away a sleep induction mat. We've got MCT oils. We've got coffee. We've got pretty much the entire suite of bulletproof products. And normally if you were to go to this bulletproof store right now and buy this, it would cost you $500. But we're going to be shipping it to one of you guys completely for free. There's nothing you need to do to win this contest except for put your email address down in the form below. And when you do that, you'll be automatically entered into a contest to win all this stuff for free. And I'm excited. I'm going to be giving this away and boxing it up and shipping it out to one of you guys. So, if you want to win this, all you got to do is put your email address down in the form below and you'll be entered into the contest to win this entire suite of bulletproof products. Thanks. Fill that form below and I'll see you on the next page. All right. Just like that? So, what I did is basically I made that video, made a page and clicked Funerals. And then I targeted every Dave Asprey fan and basically in their feed they're seeing, we're also saying, who wants $500 with the bulletproof stuff for free? Okay. And every single one of Dave's fans start coming, clicking, opting him in. Boom. Now they're on my list. Okay. So, this is a strategy we're using with our Dream 100. For example, Dan Kennedy is my Dream 100. So, I went to eBay like two weeks ago. I spent about $500 or $600 buying old Dan Kennedy stuff, all the old good stuff like on tapes and like, like the authentic like cool stuff. If you had records I would have bought those. Like I want the old stuff you can't just buy anywhere. And the same thing, giving away a whole bunch of free Dan Kennedy stuff to Dan Kennedy people. And then guess what? We target Dan Kennedy fans on Facebook. Same thing with Robert Kiyosaki. I showed you the video in the last presentation, we're targeting his people. So, every one of my Dream 100 now, I'm making specific landing pages, specific offers, specific cool things, targeting their audience so that when they're in Facebook, they keep seeing my face talking about that guru, that person. That person, my Dream 100. Okay. If people are stronger than a lot of us, the way we're advertising on Facebook, you say, I'm going to target Tony Robbins audience. And then you're talking about yourself. Like, these guys don't know who you are, they don't care who you are. Okay. What's the connection? Well, hey, I'm a Tony Robbins fan too. Here's a bunch of cool stuff for free. They come in your funnel. Now you have a sequence now to warm them up to you and to your products and your services. Okay. And so that's kind of the next step here is, if you're Dream 100, if you're not able just to get them to promote you, which is the ideal, the dream, right? The second thing now is creating individual funnels and going after each year Dream 100's audience through Facebook, through Twitter, and through all the other things. That make sense? Do you guys like that one? All right, cool. Let's come back to the slides. Hopefully. Okay. Here's another example. Noah Kagan at Apsimo did this. He gave away, did a contest, we gave away a lifetime account to Dropbox. Because he knew that people that buy Dropbox, the business level of it are business owners who he wanted to sell his other stuff to. In like a month period of time, he built a list of 200,000 people just giving away free lifetime access to Dropbox, a contest. He had a whole bunch of stats. He was averaging $30 per subscriber to his list by doing this. Okay. So just think about like what cool things can you give away? What cool things can you do that can rapidly, rapidly grow your list? All right. This is another cool one just to show this doesn't just work in Facebook. Facebook is getting more and more knowing every day as some of you guys probably know. And so we're transition type. What are the other networks? What other places we can still target our people? Twitter is a big one we're focusing on right now. The next one is YouTube. So this is one Tim Ferriss did, he's on my Dream 100. He did a really cool podcast the other day with Glenn Beck. So I was listening to that. I thought it was really cool. And then went on to YouTube to see like if he had a YouTube version of it. See if, you know, I don't know if it was live interview or something. So I went here, found the, found the YouTube video and I went to go watch it. And so I started playing it. Boom. This dude pops in here who I'd never met before. And he starts talking. He's got like a three or four minute long video talking about how he reads a book a day and he promotes a book a day and he's got a list of like 500 or 150,000 people who book a day business books and he's doing all this stuff and talking about his coaching. It's like a three minute ad before the Tim Ferriss video. And first I'm like, I know, like this is the longest ad ever. And they start talking about what he does. And I'm like, this dude's doing what I'm talking about doing. He's just, he's just going and he's siphoning off all the traffic from Tim Ferriss. But then second off, which was cool, is I clicked on a site, went to it and he's got an email list of 150,000 people who he promotes a book, a business book a day to. And I was like, boom, a new person out of my dream 100 as well. Okay. So this strategy works two different ways. You're fine as you're going through this process, you find the people that I got to know this guy existed three days ago. And now I feel he's got a huge list. Now I'm going to start marketing aggressively to him. So you don't have any partners in your, in your businesses that you don't even know exist. And as you're going out here doing stuff, you're going to find your own people. But also again, find the YouTube videos you can buy ads in front of all the people's YouTube videos. For example, do you guys want a sneaky one that you can all use as ClickFarms affiliates? Okay. So what we're doing right now, and what you guys should all be doing right now, is there's a whole bunch of really cool videos like help videos and how to videos about lead pages and Insta pages and optimized press and all of our competitors, right? And then Fusionsoft and Entraport. And what we're doing right now is we're creating videos and then you go, people go to YouTube and type in how to use in Fusionsoft. And there's like a three minute video me a head of his neck. Fusionsoft sucks you guys. If you've tried to use it, it's horrible. In fact, what you should use instead is ClickFunnels, blah, blah, blah, blah. And there's like a three minute ad of me talking about why ClickFunnels is the greatest thing before they get to the how to video on how to actually use in Fusionsoft. Okay. So the cool is you can go out there and find videos. There are tons of views, find videos you can do video ads and just plug your video in right before your other person. You can find a Tony Robbins video that's getting a million views a month. Boom, your video can pop in right ahead of time. And that's how we use these things. That makes sense? All right. So we're to YouTube as well. And then one other question, and this actually, I think it's Albani here earlier, right? So this is at our last Ignite event or two times ago, I was talking about this concept. And she asked me a question that was awesome. She said, this is cool, Russell. But my biggest issue is there's a hundred people. That's a lot of work. How do I go after a hundred people? Because they're faster, quicker way. And I started thinking about it. I was like, you know what there is? And this is what I call hacking the dream 100. This is from a, this scene from a movie called Never Been Kissed. Who here's ever seen that movie? All the ladies raised their hand. None of the men. All right. For the men in the room, I'm explaining to you a really powerful concept that you missed out on if your wife didn't make you watch this movie. So, so the premise of this movie, there's a Drew Barrymore is like in high school. She's a super nerd. She goes through high school with like the Glee Club and the Chess Club and you know, just kind of nerdy, never kisses anybody. And then she graduates and she becomes a reporter. And she's a reporter for two or three years. And then, and then one day her boss is like, we need to get, we need to get a president or we need to get you to write a story about like the cool kids in high school. And when you go back to school as a student and get this whole story. So she's like, okay, I'll do that. So she enters into high school again and goes back and her job is to go hang out with the cool kids. But of course, she slips back into her old ways and within like five minutes she's like in the chess club and like the coolest kid again there. But like a total loser in the school, right? And so she's bringing back all these stories to kind of show her boss. Her boss is like, we don't want stories about the chess club. We need stories about the popular kids. And she's like, well, I can't get to the popular kids. Like, this is where I kind of fit in. And then at the same time, her brother, who's played by David Arquette, he's watching her go back to high school. And he's like the kid that was like super athlete in high school, graduated and became a loser, right? He's sitting at home bummed out and like bored and just like miserable. And also he sees her going back to high school and he's like, high school is the greatest time of my life. I need to get back in. So he goes into roles in high school. And he's like, I'm so excited to be the king of the school again. And she's like, no, it's not that easy. It's hard to become the coolest kid in school. He's like, no, it's not. Check this out. So he's at the cafeteria at lunch. He grabs his big old tub of coleslaw and goes like this and eats the entire thing in front of the whole school, right? Everyone's coming around and cheering. And by the time he finishes, it slams the thing down. And he is the coolest kid in school in like 30 seconds because of this little stunt, right? And she's like, wow, like how in the world did he do that? And then he comes back to her and says, now watch this. He walks over to all the popular cool girls and says, you see that girl, Josie over here? Man, she used to be my girlfriend. She dumped me. She is so cool. She is the coolest girl I've ever met. It breaks my heart that she broke up with me. And all the cool girls are like, really? Oh, wow, she's got to be cool. And boom, that fast, she was in the Cool Kids Club. So that's kind of the message of this. Now, the message I want to share with you guys is that for you to, like every market's got like a good old boys club, right? Or a network of people. And it's kind of hard to penetrate that sometimes. And so the easiest way to do that is if you can get one cool kid to think you're cool, then you're in. You don't have to get all 100 people to love you. You've got to get one to love you. And when one likes you, it's easy to get into the rest. A good example, this is one of my friends, Talman Knudsen. This is probably, like eight or nine years ago, he called me up on the phone. I never met him before. He calls me on the phone and says, Russell, I've got this really good idea. I'm going to build a squeeze page. And then I want you to email your entire list to that squeeze page. And then they're going to join my list. And then I'll sell them your product. I was like, dude, that's the worst idea ever. Why would I do that? You're going to steal all my subscribers and then sell my product back to me. He's like, yeah. I'm like, no, that's a bad idea. And I hung up. You hung up, right? And I was just like, people come up with the dumbest things, right? And so then fast forward, like, how was it? Like three months later, one day I was also not going to email from Joe Vitale. And then Kevin Wilkie and then boom, boom, boom, like 15 people in the row, all promoting Talman's squeeze page. I'm like, why are all these people, like, do they understand, like, how bad haven't I done this? And they're all coming to this page and they all, and I'm watching this process. And he's getting all these, like, top level gurus to promote his squeeze page. And he's building this huge list. And I remember I called him on the phone. I was like, I said, dude, what, like, what am I missing here? And he said, don't worry, man. He's like, he's like, you weren't dealing with it, missed it. He said, he said, this is what happened. He said, I called the first person and they said, no, I called the second person and they said, no, called the third person. I said, no, I called you. You said, no, he's like, I called 43 people in the row and every single one of them told me, no. But then the 44th person was Kevin Wilkie. I told him the idea. He said, that's cool. Tell him when I'm in. He said, and I called the 45th person. Hey, Kevin's involved in this. You should be involved too. And the guy said, okay, yes. Boom. Next guy said, yes. He said, every person I called after that said yes. One cool kid said he was cool and then he was in. Okay. From that little launch, he built a list of over 100,000 people. His first year did over $750,000 in sales, all from that one thing. Is that awesome? And so for you guys when you're thinking about this, like, you don't have to have everyone to love you. You just got to get one, two people to like you. And so that's why, like, when I pick who I'm going to serve, like Dave Aspreer or Tony Robbins, the people I'm going to build out, stuff. I'm picking people strategically who I think can get me into a different world. A little couple years ago, I wanted to get more into the network marketing world. I wanted to get to know those people and those audiences. And I had a friend, his name's Tim Irway, TJ. And he was the only guy I knew and we had become friends and stuff. And then he's like, hey, Russell, do you want to meet these other guys? I'm like, sure. And he introduced me to all these guys. Within like a week, I was speaking at their seminars. We had like all, and just opened up my entire world because one cool kid thought I was cool and brought me into this whole new universe, this whole new world I'd never been in before. Okay, so that's how you get in fast. You're building the Dream 100 list, but you're looking for one or two solid relationships to come from that. And then you leverage those to get more and more and just kind of get into it. Does that make sense? All right, so that is how you hack into Dream 100. I wanted to walk you guys through our book launch funnel to reward you guys for waking up early today, which I can't believe when people are actually here at 8am. I'm impressed. Some of you guys haven't gone to bed yet, right? I'm guessing. All right, cool. So I'm going to go through this really quick. All right, so I'm going to show you guys our .com secrets book launch funnel. First off, so the person that's going to be talking next, I'll introduce him in a minute. He's going to be talking about a concept that he kind of pioneered called tripwires. And what's interesting is, and I'm going to tell you my story because when I first heard him give the presentation, you guys are going to hear it today, completely transformed my thought process and our company as a whole. And it was really, really big for me. He probably doesn't even know this. But what was interesting is about, probably eight years ago now, I was always, for me, business always about creating really cool things that people were going to want to buy, right? And so I had this idea, again, seven or eight years ago to create a free plus shipping product. And I wanted, a lot of people were doing free plus shipping DVDs and books and things back then. And I wanted to do something completely different. And so we went to olibaba.com and found these little cool MP3 players here. Anyone get one of the microcontinuity MP3 players back in the day? A couple of microcontinuity people here. You guys haven't fallen us forever. That's exciting. Anyway, so we got these MP3 players from Hong Kong. We ordered, I think, 10,000 copies of them. I can't remember how much they cost. Four or five bucks a piece. Got them all shipped to our shipping warehouse, which by the way, the guy that runs our shipping warehouse, where you at, Matt? Right here, if he has any ship products, he's like the best in the world. His name's Matt Frew. Anyway, they're awesome. So he looks like me. He's bald. He's a tough guy. Anyway. There he is right there. So we shipped all of our MP3 players to him, and then we did a free plus shipping launch, and we sold 8,000 copies of this MP3 player. And back then, the way we were doing it, and I don't agree with this method anymore, but they'd get the free MP3 player, then we put them on a continuity program. We basically added 8,000 people to a $97-month continuity program by using this model. It was awesome. You can do the math on that. It was awesome. But then after that, the whole free plus shipping and putting people into a continuity program thing, it wasn't as awesome for the customers. So we stopped doing that probably six years ago. And unfortunately, I threw away the baby with the bathwater. Is that the right way to say that expression? Hopefully. So we just stopped doing this stuff all together, and we just went straight to selling products and doing all sorts of things. And it wasn't until about two years ago, Ryan Dice and Perry Belcher put on this Thanksgiving day promotion thing, and they sold something. And then the upsell was this seminar from Perry Belcher teaching his selling system. And I don't want to make his head too big, but of all the people I studied, Perry is my favorite person to learn from. Any time he's speaking, I want to be there in the room. He's just one of the most brilliant marketing minds, I think, on planet Earth. So I bought this course, and it was three days long, him speaking about selling. I went through and I just listened to this thing three or four times over. And one of the presentations he talked about is tripwire concepts. He's going to share with you guys today. And when I listened to it, it was probably two or three in the morning listening there in my bed, and I was just shaking. I was so excited. Like, oh my gosh, this is what we were doing three or four years ago. But this would actually work without doing a forced continuity thing, and I was just going nuts. And so about that time, we were about to launch this book. And at the time, I'd written the sales page. We were selling it for $197. It was about to go live. And I remember I came to the office that day, and I'm like, hey, guys, I have an idea. Instead of selling this book, let's just give it away for free. And everyone kind of looks at me like, why would you do that? And I'm like, because Perry said that, like, you guys have to listen. Like, how do I explain three days worth of content in like 30 seconds, these guys? And I'm like, just trust me. And we kept going back and forth. And finally, they're like, whatever, Russell, just, if you think that's right, let's just do it. So we went this way, and we launched this book as a free plus shipping product. And it completely transformed our business in a couple different ways. First off, in the first year of doing this, we sold over 10, we gave away for free plus shipping over 10,000 copies of this book. How many of you guys have it, by the way? Most of you guys. I love it. And it completely filled up our coaching program and just changed everything. And for those of you guys who've read the book right now, this is chapter one. We talk about the secret formula. And one of the biggest takeaways I got from this was when we created this product, we started selling it. For us, it was us shifting markets. Before, we were selling a lot of like, how to make money on the internet type things. And when we were doing that, we were tracking people who were complete beginners. And we sold this product. I was scared at first, because I'm like, this book, like, it's not, like, if you're trying to learn how to make money on the internet, you're not going to buy this book. You're going to see that and be like, this is weird, right? But if you're like, all of you guys and us, and you see this, you're like, split test, like, this is the coolest thing in the world. You, you, you, you, us, you guys, we respond to this type of an offer. And kind of my big takeaway that became chapter one in the book was this concept right here where if you spend time figuring out like who your dream client is, like, who do you want to be working with? Who do you want to serve? Which is back here. Then you can create bait to attract that kind of a person. And so I look at, when we launched dot com secrets labs, it was different bait that attracted a different quality customer. And you guys can tell from the, you guys who were in this room here and the people we serve now, like, a completely different quality customer. And what was cool is that this, this offer, it repelled the people we didn't want to work with. The people who, who have no money, who all the money was getting rich on the internet, it completely repelled them. They don't even, none of those guys buy this book. They're confused, like, why would you want to split test? I don't even know what that means, right? But the people who are actually business owners that I want to work with, this book is like the greatest thing in the world. And so that's kind of one of the big things here is, and I want you to think about this as you're listening to Perry's presentation. And afterwards, Trey's going to come up and show one of his tripwire funnels. It's just crushing it right now. But when you, you use this process to create bait in a way that attracts your dream customer, it just changes the game. And so it's, it's huge for me. Change our whole company. All right. So here is the dot com secrets book funnel. And here's some of our stats. So from the launch, we had 179,205 visitors who actually came and hit this page and landed on it. Okay. From that, we had, and this is what's interesting. So I learned this, this concept from the CPA world. I think it was everything like the CPA, like the spammy CPA offers where it's like, get a free bottle of carcini, again, Bodea or whatever, right? It's got like a whole page of shipping address. And I, at first I was like, why in the world they do that? Like, that's the worst squeeze page ever. And then we just gotta feel like 24, you know, 20 fields to get the free thing. But all these guys are doing that and they're killing it with it, right? And so when we did the DCS labs, when it was the first time we'd ever tested that we're, the first page is just like, where do you want us to ship the product to? And, and eventually we ended up making an element which in click, you guys can all do this. There's an element called the two step order form. So you guys can all do this, but we added this thing here and it's long form asset, entire shipping address and phone number and everything. And we got 46% opt-in rate on that page. Is that crazy? I guess better than most squeeze pages. And so, no, obviously not, not all 46% of people bought that, but when all of a sudden done we sold 25,436 copies of the book. And so from all the traffic that hit that page, 14% became buyers. Okay? And so we got two really cool things from that. We got 83,000 leads and 25,000 buyer leads. And if, if you ever studied my stuff, I'm a big believer in like, and that's the goal, right? Is first of all, figure out who's qualified to be subscribers and then who's qualified to actually be buyers. And it's two step order form process. I love it because I can bypass the squeeze page when I do it and I can still get almost, a lot of times higher opt-in rate than I do on an actual squeeze page. All right. Plus it's, it's from an advertising standpoint saying free book, free thing is like so much cooler. Like, especially if you're like on talk show or something or you're on TV, like last year, somebody's like, hey, go watch my free video sales letter at W, you know, whatever. But if you say, hey, go get my free book at dot com secrets book.com. Like, there's so many cool, I don't know, it's just so much more fun to promote this way. So I love free offers as you guys can probably tell. So there's the first page. Second page, we had our order form bump, which is also a feature you guys can all do inside of ClickFunnels. This is the order form bump right here. When we first discovered this, it completely changed the way that we do everything. We had done variations of this five or six years ago and then we stopped doing them. And we launched the dot com secrets labs book. It was the first time we put one of these in there. And that one we had like, I think 38% of people took the little order form bump, which completely transformed the metrics of our business. And so this little, this little bump, which is the audio book, if you want the audio book, it's only 37 extra dollars. From that 22% of people who bought the free book clicked on that, which ended up being over $207,000 in just free cash that came in from, from that little tiny, two sentences of copy. And so the order form bump, like it basically makes it where your free plus shipping offer is, is actually like a paid offer, but it's just so much easier to sell free plus shipping offer. Anyway, if I had more time, I could dig deeper into psychology, but they're amazing. So there's the order form bump. I said 22% conversion rate on that one. Then we had OTO number one. We had about 4.8% conversion rate on this one. It was $197 offer for our traffic product. So we had 1175 orders from that. And then OTO number two, we had 1.93% conversions. This is a $297 offer. We had 416 orders from that one. And that was the book funnel. And then the last page, this is kind of a concept that we'd never really done before. And it worked out really good. So we kind of started calling this an offer wall where for me, so Russell Brunson like 10 years ago was really aggressive. And I would do like, if you come to my funnel, there'd be like a lot of upsells and downsells. And if you said no to everything, you would just see a lot of stuff, right? And it was funny because I never thought that was an issue. And then one day, one of my friends had launched this new company. It's called Shopper Approved. And they're like, hey, put this thing on your thank you page. And then your customers can go and they can rate you after they buy the product. And I'm like, oh, that's a good idea. Like, it'd be cool to get a whole bunch of reviews from people, right? So I put this thing on our thank you page. And after about 20 minutes of running this thing, I cannot believe how upset all my customers were, like angry, like, I want to kill you from all these upsells. It was really, really bad. So I made a personal rule where I will never do more than two upsells in a sales process. Like that's my limit. It used to be three upsells and three downsells, so six. But I don't do that. I do two as my max. So if you look at this, we've got two offers. That's all I personally ever do. And then we added the order form bump, which gives us kind of one more shop. It doesn't feel like a new offer. So it doesn't really annoy people. But I still leave out other products and services we want to sell. So on the offer wall, this is the base of thank you page. And thanks for ordering. Down here, you can go create your account, get access if you have. But there's a whole bunch of other special offers down below if you want to check them out. And then down below, we have links to all of our other trainings, other tripwire offers down here, a two week trial, the click funnels. And just from this page right here, I wasn't able to pull all the individual stats. But another six figures in sales came from just people on the thank you page, going and buying all the other cool stuff that they saw. And it's cool because that way it's not, they don't feel like you're selling something, especially if the offers are structured right. These offers are all like, hey, get our free t-shirt, get our free book. You bought this book, here's another book. Everything's like these cool free front end offers that are just cool for people. And they don't feel like you're really selling them as much as giving them more cool things. And so that's why if you do have multiple tripwire offers in your business, like having them on an offer wall at the end is one of the coolest things. If someone who just bought a free book is going to want a free t-shirt or a free, you know, whatever your other free things are. And so that is kind of, I think that's the last slide. So that is what the book funnel looks like. Do you guys like that? Cool. What's that? This question was, there's one click upsells. Yes, there are one click upsells. Click funnels does that easily. Awesome. Now, one thing, some of you guys probably know this, if not write this down. We launched a new podcast two or three weeks ago called funnelhacker.tv, where each week, basically, well, I did one and then we've been planning for this event. So starting next week, each week we're going to basically be doing this process with a different funnel in different markets and different niches and all sorts of stuff. And then at the end I build a whole, I build a share funnel of it, and there's a way to get each of the funnels for free. You can just click a button and get them. But they're really, really cool. So if any of you guys have really cool, really unique funnels in any market that you want to be on this show, let me know because that's what we're trying to do, is just have a bunch of really cool episodes. So the way the episode works, have you ever seen episode one? Do you guys like it? So the first thing is I sit down and I wipe out what the funnel looks like, and then we actually log in the pages and share every one of the pages. And so from my funnel, I just did it for the people we have that we're going to be featuring their funnels. They come on with me and they explain each page, what they did, why they did it, and you guys are going to love some of the future episodes coming up. We've got some supplement funnels, we've got some coaching funnels, just a bunch of really cool things that, anyway, it's really fun. So that's what I wanted to share with you guys today for showing up early. I am excited for our next presentation. Like I said earlier, of all the people, people always ask me, like Russell, who do you study at this point in your career? Like who are the people you're looking through? And it's honestly hard, there's not a lot of people, I really like look up to as mentors and people that I just want to learn from. And when we first started putting together this event, as soon as we booked the hotel, the first thing I did is like text Perry and I was like, hey man, I want you to speak at this event. Because I really look up to him as one of the, I mean, probably the smartest dude in marketing. And he's funny, he's awesome. And this process, this concept he's going to be teaching you guys, completely revolutionized and changed our company. And I think it's going to help you guys as well. He's going to show you guys how they're building tripwire funnels. They're doing, I think he told me they're doing $25 million this year, which is one of their companies all based on free plus shipping tripwire offers. And it's exciting. So it's going to be amazing. What I want you guys to do right now is I want everybody to stand up, put your hands together for Perry Belcher. I can't dance after Devon's been up here. I would just look stupid. How are y'all doing? Good man. I can't believe y'all woke up this morning. It's Vegas. What's wrong with you people? You're supposed to be out and drunk in debauchery right now. It was really, I normally, I'm coming home about now in Vegas. It was really cool to see, I learned something that's more, I didn't know that Russell Brunson listens to me in bed. Which I think is just awesome. I don't know how he keeps getting all those kids. That's crazy. All right. So is this my clicky? Yeah, I'm just about clicky here. That's really cool. What I'm going to try to do this morning is explain, I mean, you're going to hear tons about tripwires, right? And I think we came up with that vernacular. I'm pretty sure we did. I don't know. Ryan and I were up one night at three o'clock in the morning. And there's a long story behind this. I won't tell the whole story, but I was in Del Mar at the Grand Del Mar in Del Mar, California. It is early. And I woke up at two o'clock in the morning. I had this giant aha moment and it was California. So I waited until six o'clock because I wanted to be, you know, I mean, I waited until I think three o'clock or four o'clock. So it was six o'clock in the morning in Austin before I called Ryan. And by then I'd already built this glyphie out of, I think I figured it out. I think I got it, right? And I call it the Del Mar plan. And we came back and converted our whole business using the tripwire as kind of the catalyst that circles every bit of business that we do. And since then, a lot's happened. You know, we do, today we do between 5,000 and 10,000 front end transactions a day just in the consumer market every day. Like every single day. Not during promotions, but literally day in, day out every day. We're buying media into 16 different markets right now. And the business has grown far beyond our imagination of what it could be. So what I want to tell you today is about, you've heard about a tripwire. You know what it is. Now I want to kind of try to teach you guys how to execute properly on one and understand the psychology and what makes it actually work and why it's so powerful. So that when you go to do yours, if you haven't already, or if you go to do your next one, you'll understand, you know, how it works and why. But I think it's the most profound thing. I don't know where I'm supposed to stand. Is there a place? Should I be in front of the chairs? All right, here? Okay. So, but I think it's one of the most profound things that I've ever learned in my career. In the last two and a half, three years since we've been doing this, I've grossed more sales than I did my own. My whole career before, and I'd already done $200 million before. So I mean, we've done a lot of sales with this system. So pay close attention. So who's seen this? Right? Congratulations, you're an old fart. Right? But the concept is fantastic. This company, Columbia House Records, did, they did an amazing, these were eight tracks, right? So yeah, they did it without, they did it with CDs too. You know, they didn't even do it with movies. This company, this was the ultimate tripwire offer. Okay, and you'll see the criteria in a minute, you'll understand why. This company knew their math, right? They could give away 13 records and tapes for a dollar because they knew that over time they were going to get back X hundreds of dollars from each one of these subscribers. Yep. So the questions did it work, right? Well, they ran for 20 odd years buying media everywhere in the world. And at their high point before streaming music came along, they were doing, they were selling 15% of all music sold on the globe. All of it, over a billion dollars a year in music. And they were actually producing their own records. One of the big secrets of their success, by the way, was licensing. They would license the music from music companies and then press their own records and tapes. So they really didn't have that much money in those 13 records and tapes. They only had about a dollar 20 in each one. So they were spending about $15 to acquire a customer, and the very next month they were dingin' them $15. Guess what? They won, right? So that's an example of a great tripwire. And the reason why a tripwire is this. It's an irresistible, super low risk offer that converts prospects into buyers, right? One of the things that we do in our business that's different from a lot of people's, we don't take leads anymore. I don't want them. Don't care anything about them. Opt-ins, I mean, right? We don't even mail through our opt-ins anymore. It just gluts up the email system. We have, in our survival life business, we have 970,000 subscribers. Every single one of them has bought something from us, right? That list performs like a list of five million prospects. At least. It's the hottest list in that space. And I think it's because they're all buyers, right? We use the tripwire both in media for people who are looking around. We're trying to pull them out of the market to self-identify them. We'll make offers in Facebook like you guys have seen probably our Everstrike match offers, or credit card knife offers, or free makeup brush offers, or free cufflink offers to buy suit. We take this all the way up. We give away free cufflinks because we know cufflink buyers typically wear nice shirts. People who wear nice French cuff shirts typically wear what? Suits, right? So if we want to be in the suit business, which we are with Hong KongTaylor's.com, we had to find a way to attract buyers into the market. So we do it with cufflinks. So we do this in every business. I'm going to give you a lot of examples today. But here are some standards that you need to know. This is the tripwire checklist. You need to have a low barrier to entry, right? The lower that you can reduce that, the better, right? You'd be surprised at what price we'll do. A 295 offer for us typically performs twice as well as a 495 offer, right? And that gives me twice as many opportunities to make an upsell. So which would I rather sell at? 495 or 295? 295 if I can stand it, right? So you don't want people to have to think about it. The offer needs to be so ridiculously irresistible you can't pass up on it just like the Columbia House offer. And you'll notice the Columbia House offer meets all the criteria of the checklist. Every tripwire won't meet every criteria of the checklist. The more criteria that they meet, the better they will perform for you, right? Number two, they need to be easy to explain and understand. You don't have time, right? You don't have time to explain an in-depth concept in a tripwire, typically speaking. Our typical tripwire presentation, if it's video, is no more than three minutes long. Now that, a lot of people would disagree with that. If I were, like in Russell's case, or you guys that are using a book as a tripwire, you may need a heavier lift than that. But I'm almost exclusively physical merchandise, right? I'll tell a story real quick. I hope they got it. Who's a fellow I talked to this morning that bought me coffee? Raise your hand. Do you mind if I tell a story? Okay, so he came up to me this morning and said, you know, I'm in a dating market. I can't buy ads, you know. I can't, you know, a lot of Facebook and a lot of the guys won't let you buy advertising if you're dating market. It's a comeback pickup artist, you know what I'm saying? Anyway, not that you're one, sir. I'm just, but I'm kidding. But they won't let you buy those ads because they're offensive to some of their customers. So I said, man, you need to sideways into the market. And what I mean by that is, what else would they buy that would identify them without coming out and saying, this is what I'm going to sell you? So we talked about it and we came up with the idea of a t-shirt that we can give away that has some line on it that attracts women to start a conversation. Facebook doesn't mind selling t-shirts. So once you give them the t-shirt or sell them the t-shirt, then you have the ability to come in and say, hey, you got a t-shirt now that a lot of girls are going to come up and talk to you. What are you going to say? And most guys are like, oh, no. That's why they bought the damn t-shirt to start with. So these guys are idiots. I'm word is chimpanzees that have evolved this much. And it's too bad we own everything. No, ladies threw anything at me. That's a Tim Allen joke, not my joke. But no, the, but that's a great example of buyer intent, right? There has to be, this is not in the checklist, this is probably the most important thing of all. The tripwire purchase has to, write this down, has to signify the buyer's intent. Otherwise, it's worthless and you will lose. Do you think we could give away iPhone cases as a tripwire? Absolutely, all day long, right? But so what? What would we know about the buyer? That they had an iPhone. Now, unless you're selling other iPhone accessories, it's not a good idea. You're going to attract buyers, but you're not going to understand their buyer intent. If you give away a plain v-neck black t-shirt, you could do that, but it would only tell you that, that maybe they like Steve Jobs. I don't know. It's not going to tell you much about them. I give away a t-shirt that says, for instance, we just did one, that says, guns don't kill people, dads with pretty daughters do. Right? We just did that. So we did 15,000 of those shirts last weekend. What's that guy about? You think he owns a gun? You betcha, right? That's a lead that Tray Lou Ellen would pay me for, right? So, yeah, so he's a gun owner, probably, he's probably a patriot, he's probably proud, you know he's between 40 and 50 years old, probably, right? Or even a granddad. We did one for grandpa's too, the same one. So we've got a certain target market we're trying to reach of conservative gun owners 40 to 55, right? Was that a good idea? Yeah. So now I can come in and sell them whatever I want to sell them, even loosely related to that because I've identified my market. If you're selling a guy a t-shirt because he wants to start a conversation with women and his t-shirt's going to spur a conversation, you know this guy wants to meet women. And he wants them to approach him because we hate rejection, right? So it's the ideal tripwire for that market. All right. It seamlessly leads to the core sale. So you want to make sure that whatever the tripwire is, is very congruent with what you're selling next. I will tell you this, the best tripwire offers, and you'll see Tray's coming up, I won't do a spoiler alert on his, but I won't tell you what he does, but it's really brilliant in its simplicity for sure, is the best tripwire is usually just a bigger, the best offer to make after a tripwire is just a bigger version of the tripwire, right? So we use premiums in our funnels. And what I mean by that is, if you come in through our tripwire, if we're going to give you a free credit card knife, when you get to the main sale, I'm going to offer you the main sale, which is membership in our Family Protection Association, along with a great big knife for free when you join for $20 a month, right? So we say, hey, you just got the best little knife in the world. We'd like to give you the best big knife in the world free too. Let me explain how. And then I get to make my pitch because I've got them locked in, right? They're sitting there waiting, they're waiting to get the free big knife. They don't know how they're going to get it or anything about it yet, but I'm going to tell them a lot about the knife and then I've got time, I've got them held captive and I can make my pitch of why they need to join our organization. And at the end of the pitch, then I tell them when they join the organization, they get the free big knife too. That's a use of a premium. Now, if I gave them, if I led with a knife and I gave them a flashlight as the next premium, the offer would not do as well. We know because we've done it, because we've got a little flashlight. We give away a little Cree flashlight as a tripwire and then a great big flashlight on the back, like a Maglite as another funnel for hours of hours. We were doing the little flashlight into the big knife. It didn't work so well, right? Not that the big knife wasn't a desirable thing. It just wasn't congruent. It wasn't what brought them there to start with, right? Does that make sense? Okay. Useful but incomplete. I'll show you in a minute an example. I really did the first tripwire I ever did was before I knew it was the tripwire. I started selling candle wicks. I had a candle supply company. I wanted to start a candle supply company. Back it up. But I want to start a candle supply company to have any money, right? And the only thing I could figure out the way to get in the business was people sold wax and moles and dye, all these things, right? So the one thing you need for sure to make any candle is a wick. So wicks were $20 a thousand. Everybody sold them for $20 a thousand. They cost about $4 a thousand to buy domestically. $2 a thousand import, right? So I started importing wicks and I sold them for $2 a thousand. Break even. I didn't break even. By the time I ran ads and stuff, I lost money. But the point was, within three to six months, you couldn't not buy your wicks from me. Everybody else was getting $20 a thousand. I was $2 a thousand. I had everybody in the candle industry buying my wicks. 80, 85% market penetration. So eventually we just said, hey, you want to buy some fragrance oils? You want to buy some moles? You want to buy some wax? And we were only slightly better price wise on those items. But I'd already done what at that point? Acquired the buyer, right? I had a buyer list, not a prospect list, but a buyer list. I knew these guys were buying wicks. You don't buy a thousand wicks unless you're doing what? Making a freaking candle, right? So I knew they were going to use all this other stuff. So it was a useful but incomplete example. A high perceived value, you've got to find their cheese, right? What's the thing that they really want? Knives are great for us because they have a very high perceived value. But in many cases, you make a lot of them. You have manufacturing. We have everything made for us. So we can't buy from other resellers because they can't provide the volume of merchandise that we need. So we have to have our stuff made in factories and shipped to us. So we're able to show a really high perceived value because a knife that we might give away, comparably in the market, is worth $119. And you get it free when you join the $20 continuity. Really? It's a no brainer, right? So it needs to be high perceived value, even the credit card knives. And it must have a high actual value. So this is really important. So the whole idea behind this concept is, you're going to attract a buyer, right? Groupon does a terrible job at this, by the way. You're going to attract a buyer. So you hope that over time, lifetime value of that buyer is going to be very high. So you ever, who's used a Groupon in the room? Right? So you use a Groupon, you go to the restaurant. How often does the restaurant suck? Pretty often, right? How often does the service suck? Really regularly. Because when you tell them you got the Groupon, the guy goes, well, I'm not getting a tip. Right? So he gives you crappy service, and it defeats the whole purpose of the Groupon. So what I'm saying is, that first thing that you're going to give them, right, it needs to have a high perceived value, but it also has to have a high satisfaction value when they receive it. Otherwise, you're kind of pissing in the wind, as a Southern guy would say. You know, it's not going to do you a lot of good. You're just going to, you're going to sell a lot of friends, people are going to get the stuff, and they're going to, they're going to sure enough hate you then. You know, they're done with you, right? Before you had the benefit of the doubt. But if they, if you, if you say something is much better than it is when they get it, they'll be very disappointed. You're going to do any more business with them, and you've wasted your time, your money, and more importantly, you've wasted your reputation. So here's some more tripwire examples. These are a couple of things that we use in the survival space that are kind of mainstays for us. The Everstrike match has done really well for a long time. It's a little pocket match that we have made. We just, I was at the warehouse right before I came here yesterday, and we just received a half a million of these in, and that'll last us about 60 days. We ship a lot of these things. Credit card knives slowed down a little bit, only because we can't buy media knives right now. But to your example, sir, the t-shirt, right? Guess what? Everybody that buys this gets offered almost immediately in the funnel. That. So I brought them in sideways through the match, because it's an allowable item, but I'm able to go ahead and sell them the knife. These are, you can, and you can look at these pages that, if you look up Everstrike match or credit, free credit card knife, you'll find the landing pages, and you can walk through the funnel. I think everyone here should buy all of those, at least one. And be sure to get the continuity too, so you know how the funnel works. This kid. So I'll tell you a cool story. So we bought this business. It was called Surviving Place, and the guy that we bought it from is a really great guy and a good friend of ours. We bought his business, and we rebranded it to survivallife.com, which is now by far the largest survival community in the world. And, but when we bought it, I think we were doing about $30,000 a month in sales, and that was about the time the Del Mar thing was hatched, right? So we had 110,000 people on the list, right? So we mailed four tripwire offers, one a week for four weeks, and we didn't sell anything else, because we were sending all kinds of stuff. We mailed four tripwire offers. Over the course of that month, we sold 10,000 of the 110,000 people, and I'm paraphrasing my number, so, but we sold 10,000 of the 110,000 people, one of the tripwire items. We converted them to a buyer, right? So now we had 10,000 buyers and 100,000 prospects. So the math worked out nicely for a test. The next month, we went back and ran a $47 product called 40 Days and 49th Stem was a big survival course product, just to see how they would react to a bigger product. And the product did well. I want to say that it made about $100,000 in its launch. The amazing part of the math was, and this illustrates the point better than anything I can tell you, 51% of the sales on the $47 promotion came from the 10,000 people who had bought the tripwire in the previous month. The other 49% of the sales came from the other 100,000 prospects, right? Which tells you that 10,000 buyers is clearly worth the same as 100,000 prospects, right? So when you're building big lists that make you feel good, because you've got a lot of people on your list, if those people are not buying something from you, it's just making you feel kind of good, right? And it's really clogging up a lot of times your email delivery systems, because those prospects are on everybody's list, they're spam reporters, you're mailing to people who aren't terribly interested. You know, that's the great thing about having an all-buyer list. Our open rates are crazy, our response rates are crazy, our engagement rates and click-through rates are really high, because they're all buyers. We know they're real people. You know, a lot of times those people on your list, 20%, 25% of the people on your list don't even exist. They shoved an email address in there at some time to get through an opt-in that's not even real. So no matter how good you feel about that, don't get feeling too crazy good about it. But we think that a buyer's worth at least 10 times what a prospect is, probably closer to 20. These are the, here's some examples of small but critical. These are the wicks that I sold before. Companies that sell singular WordPress themes, this is a company called Elegant Themes. And they'll sell you one WordPress theme for like 1995, and then they offer you a bucket of like 30 themes and a membership for $39. I think it's a year. This is one of my favorites. Tripwire's on eBay. If anybody's an eBay-er, Tripwire's on eBay are really freaking cool, because eBay's not as militant as Amazon about marketing to the customers that you sell, you sold something to on eBay. This fellow, now I've not been in contact with him for a couple of years, so I assume it's still similar, but this guy sells a bag of GuitarPix, 100 GuitarPix for, I don't know, what's it say, $12? Something like that? Or $8.99 maybe? 100 GuitarPix. Who buys 100 GuitarPix? Oh, you think you guys got a guitar? Probably. Yeah, guitar players, right? Pretty doggone serious guitar players. Probably guys that play in bands and run through a lot of picks. Guess what this guy's real business is? He's one of the largest vintage guitar sellers in the world. But he's acquired a list, if you can see, gosh, it's too small to see, but if you look over here, gosh, I wish I could, let me see if I can see it on my screen. It's like, when I took this screenshot, and I can't see it on here either, it's something like 89,000 people have bought this bag of picks from him. So you got 89,000 serious guitar players on his list by selling a bag of picks that he probably broke even on. You guys starting to get it? Right? Same thing, water filters. We do water filters, we own a water filter company, and one of the things that we sell water filters through other filter companies so that we get the lead, because we can go out and sell those people water filter systems. We know there are people who filter their water. How many of y'all filter your water? Okay, raise your hand if you don't filter your water. Yeah, you're worthless to me as a customer. No, seriously, I don't want you as a customer, right? So I don't want to buy advertising, this is important, okay? I don't want to buy advertising to you. I don't want to send emails to you. You don't filter your water. You're not a believer in the need to filter your water. If I can sell a replacement filter much less than everybody else at cost and get you to switch to me because my filters are really cheap, then I can tell you about my new, more amazing water filter system than the one you've already got. Does that make sense? They're critical, they're small but incomplete. Here's a really good example of a book report. This was put out by Newsmax Store. There's a link underneath. I assume this is still active. They do a really good job. The Obamacare Survival Guide. Who do you think is buying this? Conservatives, probably older conservatives, right? So they're selling on the back of this a retirement-in-style newsletter. That's their product, they're selling it back. And eventually they're selling financial advice. So they're just pulling people out of the market. They found a subject that was hot as a pistol to this audience and created a book about it. Now, be careful when you create your books. If you're going to use a book as a tripwire, that if you can tie your book to a current event, you're going to do a whole lot better. Getting someone excited about a book that you're excited about is harder than you think. But if you can write on the top of publicity that's already in the market, it's pretty doggone easy. It'd be easy to sell a book on how to prepare for flooding right now in Texas. It'd be real easy, right? Because it's in the news, it's all over the place. So we're constantly using sites like popurls, popurls.com, reddit, which is a little younger crowd, reddit.com. To find what people are, dig.com is still popular. To find what people are interested in today, what's trending. My computer home screen, when I log into a browser, is set to Alexis What's Hot. I don't know if you guys use that or not. It's a great resource. Alexis is owned by Amazon, and it tells you the 10 biggest searches on the Internet every day in real time, even as they change. So if you're logging on, like I noticed this morning, Kendra Wilkinson is hot in the trends. I didn't have a chance to look to see why. So I don't know why. I don't know what she's done. But you'll find that anything that's going on big in the world and really hitting the news, getting the most searches, if you can enter that conversation that's already going on in their head, you're going to be much more popular. And these, by the way, these tripwires, you need to have several of them for your business. If you only have one, it's going to tire the media pretty quickly. So you're going to want to rotate the offers, right? It's a great thing about reports. Sneaky little email tricks. We did this for digitalmarker.com. This was a paid webinar as a tripwire. I've been telling people to charge for their webinars for a long time. To me, a free webinar, it's hard to get people to show up. They're just not that engaged. We found we'll get about half as many people will just pay to be on your webinar as will come for free, right? And I'd much rather have the half that paid $7 to be there. Guess what I got? A credit card number. You know, already got it. And you can make an offer. Who's doing webinars right now? Raise your hand. How many of you are making an offer at the Thank You page at registration? Yeah, one guy. The rest of you are leaving three-fourths of the money on the table. Because they're already engaged right then. Sell the damn thing. Don't wait for him to show up. Sell the damn thing right there. You'll probably sell more at the registration page than you'll ever sell on the webinar. So, alright. This was a really good test that we did. This is a piece of software called Fresh Key. It's a little keyword tool from Digital Marker. One of the coolest, by the way, I own Digital Marker with Ryan Dice. I guess you guys figured it out, right? So, the Fresh Key was an amazing test. So this was a piece of software we paid about, I think about $10,000 I haven't developed. It was pretty expensive. But it goes out and scrapes keywords from, it scrapes the Google Suggest. So it tells you how people are searching. Now it does Amazon and a bunch of others. But it basically tells you if you type in how to brew, it shows you how to brew kombucha, how to brew four cups of coffee, how to brew beer in seven days. So you can tell how people are searching things, right? So we developed this software. We're going to sell it, kind of like Russell's story. We're going to sell it for $79, which would have been, I think, a good deal. We ended up selling it for $10. $10. Do you have it? It's great too, right? It's a great little piece of software for $10. On the back of it, we immediately sold our Kindle book system, because it's a great tool for Kindle authors. We were able to take this and sell it on the number waste. When we originally sold it, we sold it as an Amazon intelligence tool. Now we sell it as a blogger intelligence tool. We're about to start selling it as an Etsy intelligence tool. It's a YouTube intelligence tool. So we've added all these other engines to it. But what we're able to do, depending on how the person came in, is we're going to sell it for $10. So I'll give you an example. I can take this and say, hey, you want to know what people are really looking for on Etsy, Miss Crafter? I don't know if everybody knows what Etsy is. It's a crafting arts and crafts site, kind of like Amazon, but for handmade stuff. So the only people who know it like it or know about it mostly are craft people or people who buy that stuff. So hey, you want to know how people are searching so you can sell more of your stuff on Etsy? Yeah, that'd be great. Okay, I got software. It's $10. They're like, wow, just $10? Yeah, it's great. So the page says, hey, how would you like to buy my $297 Etsy marketing course? Right? Conversion rates to a $297 course on the back of this $10 software, about 30%. Right? There's better news. There's better news. Which this was the shocking part to me, because this one's very unusual. So we were running, we ran the number one book, my number one book system is the Kindle product. And we were running this as the front end. We had ran a launch on that product and done almost $6 million. It was a monster launch. The thing went on forever. We'd done almost $6 million. Nobody would hear about it anymore. We couldn't sell it. We couldn't give it away. Right? So we brought this out and put it on the back end. And all of a sudden sales came in again. Right? Even the same people who had said no to the offer 100 times, they said, yes, the software and when they got to the back offer again, same offer, they said, oh, okay, I already got my credit card out. Why not? It just shows you their intent. Right? But the bigger thing was that that particular, most all marketing courses have a high return, have a high refund rate. Right? That one was reasonable at about 18%. Right? It had about 18% refund rate. The people who bought the fresh key software, our refund rate on fresh key was 4%. The cooler part was that the people who bought the $297 course beyond the fresh key software, the refund rate was 5%. Almost 75% lower. And the only way we could figure is people associate the sale of the back end to whatever they bought in the front. If they were happy with the thing they bought in the front, then they'll keep the thing they bought in the back more. Odd, huh? So it's a really big piece. If you got a problem with refunds on a product, you got a high refund rate in products, a lot of guys in the financial markets have went to use this, they're using this sort of stuff now. They'll give away a little software tool or indicator, they'll sell for $5 or $10, then sell a trading system on the back of it. And they've noticed that their trading system refunds have just went down to nothing because everybody is like, if the indicator on the front worked, they're happy with the purchase. So they don't have the mindset that they're dissatisfied. So they keep the trading system. Is that helpful? Am I getting too far or like running too fast with people? Are you ready? Good? Okay, I'm trying to get through this quick because I really want to spend the last 30 minutes or so just answering any questions you guys will have. Is that okay? Okay, cool. So we did this, I thought I could play video here, but I cannot. Unless it will let me do it through my phone. I'm going to try to do it on my, the guy's an AV right now, I'm going, he didn't say he was going to do that. I'm going to try to do it with my hotspot. We'll see how hot it is. So I'm going to tell you a couple more examples. And this really was my whole purpose was to try to give you some real world examples of why this is the way it is. This was something that we did last year. It was a lot of fun. So we decided to take the tripwire concept to a trade show. So if you'll notice, it's a different kind of trade booth, right? So I wrote a headline here, get a hundred free customers. We're selling local marketing, by the way, for you guys who are into it. Down here were iPads and see the guys with the headphones on listening. So the pitch was when they walked up to the booth, there was somebody there in a red shirt that says you want to see a funny video? That was the whole pitch. Sure. So they go up, they put on the headphones, they stare down at an iPad, right? I've already done 90% of the work. I've isolated them from the environment of the trade show where they're very, very distracted, like squirrels everywhere, right? So I've isolated them, they watch the video, and I'll play you the video if I can get it to play. We'll see. If I can, I'll explain it to you, which is going to be much more boring. You see if I can. And it's worth watching it if it'll play. I'm playing the Hollywood. It's iPhone. Let's try that. It says that we're working. Pardon the not pretty part of this, but... Yeah, this may or may not work. So we did a doodle video for them to watch. We want to make sure that it was funny, and we did it here in Vegas. Hopefully it'll, yeah. Hopefully it'll play. Hi, I've got a question for you. What would you do with 100 brand new customers by this time tomorrow? Can we play this? Listen, I'm sure you've noticed it. Oh, well, gosh, I broke it. So I'll talk while they get that rolling. It looks like it is going to have enough bandwidth. That's cool, because I got another video I want to show you too. What? Perry says I got a video I want to show you. I'll get scared. You should probably. So we were able to... I'll tell you the results of this while they're pulling it up, because the video is a good example of how quickly you can make a pitch. So the guys went up, they put on their headphones, and at the end we did something that I don't think anybody's ever done in a trade show before. We made an offer. We said, hey, if you go right now and take $20 over to our... One of the guys in a red shirt, right, we'll get you to the top of Google tomorrow. How's that sound? And all we're doing is getting them a Google AdWords account and buying them some ads to the top of Google with a coupon. Is that good now? Yeah. I'll let you watch the video and I'll tell you the results. Hi, I've got a question for you. What would you do with 100 brand new customers by this time tomorrow? Listen, I'm sure you've noticed that in every industry, in every town, there's always some jack-c-s that gobbles up the lion's share of the business. And it's never because of the best at what they do. Remember, I said jack-c-s, I'll bet this just pisses you off. Am I right? So what does this ding-dong know about business that you don't? What's his secret mutant power and how is this fair in any way, shape, or form? Fact is, it ain't fair. If you deliver a better product or a better service, you should win. But homie, business ain't fair. In today's market, the secret is learning to play with an unfair advantage. Chances are, our knuckle-dragon friend has simply stumbled across one of the only three ways in the world to grow any business. And there really are only three. Number one, he's getting more customers than you are. But imagine, what if you could get three times as many customers to your business? Your business would grow by 300% overnight, right? Number two, he may be making more profit per sale than you are. But what if you knew the McDonald's secret to triple your profits on every single sale? Compound that with those new customers and your profits would rise by 900%. Number three, he may be getting his customers to come back more often than you are. But what if you knew the Starbucks secret to get your customers to come back like a boomerang? At least three times more often than they are right now. Do all three and your business would grow by 2700%. It's a mathematical certainty. I know because that's exactly what we do at Juice Box. We leverage 34 methods to help you get massive amounts of new customers. We explode the profits you make from every single sale in four different ways. And lastly, we have 11 ninja tricks that get your customers to come back more often, like a boomerang, and we're good at all three. Today, let's start by getting you some new customers. Ah, fresh blood. We'll start with just one of those 34 customer getting tools that we use every day. It's a little website called Google. Perhaps you've heard of it. It's murdered the yellow pages, killed local TV and radio advertising, and made most people under 25 wonder what a newspaper was ever for in the first place. Google loves us like a fat kid loves cake, and soon they'll love you too. To prove it, we're making this ridiculous one-time offer to you right here at the show. When you become a Juice Box client today, for the high roller amount of just 20 big cash dollars, our team will have you on the first page of Google getting clicks and customers within 24 to 48 hours guaranteed. Or we'll give you back twice your money, and we'll give you $100 advertising credit directly from Google. Boom. That just happened. We'll send you up to 100 brand new customers just to show you that we can deliver. We call this results in advance, and you get it all for 20 bucks. Don't worry. If you don't have a website, we'll get you one of those too. Free from our friends at Google. All for that same $20. So why this 20 bucks? Simply put, we want to show you what certified bad a** we are for our clients. We know that after you see what Juice Box can do for your business for this $20, you'll want to hire us full-time. It's like marrying a girl, but after you sleep with her, you know what you're going to get. When and if you do hire us, we cost about 10% as much as a bad employee. We never call in sick, we never break up with our girlfriends, and we never leave to go to work for your competition. But today, we're talking about 20 lousy friggin' bucks. Come on. This is Vegas. You'll spend that on a latte at the win, a stinky cab ride, or a lap dance from an ugly stripper. Kinda sounds dumb to say no to an offer like that, right? I feel you. So here's what you need to do next. In just a second, when I finish talking, take off these cushy headphones and find a Juice Box rep in one of those ruby red t-shirts and say, It's Vegas, baby. I'll gamble 20 bucks. They'll hook you up and get you started in about a minute and a half. Plus, you'll get a cool, free Las Vegas souvenir t-shirt. Okay. I'm done. Go find your rep. P.S. Don't you think watching this cool video and learning the only three ways to grow any business was worth 20 bucks? Heck yeah. Now, let's go kick your competition in the ***. They'll never know what hit them. We'll even hold them down while you do it and buy the beer later. So hurry up, go find one of our people right now, and let's kick this big. Alright. So, now, would I want to use that at the Southern Baptist Convention? Probably not. Right? But it was Vegas. It was a convention of locksmiths, or typically blue collar guys. They're in Vegas. They're having a good time. And what I knew, and what made the whole thing work, was I got guys standing around this booth with headphones on laughing their *** off. What's everybody else want to know? What's so funny? Right? So, while we're sitting there, the convention only had about 900 people in it. The numbers are fuzzy, but we only had about 900 people. About 400 people actually came up and watched the videos. So almost half of everybody who came, right, came and watched the videos. We ended up selling 87 front ends at $20 at the show. Now, what ended up happening was pretty funny, because we were going to go get the result and call them back a couple of days later, show them the amazing result, and then close them on a $500 to $1500 a month program. That was my genius idea. Well, that didn't work so well at the end of the day, but let me tell you what did work well. The second day, somebody said, well, what are y'all really selling? You can't be selling $20. And they said, well, here's what we do, and it's like $500 to $15. He said, okay, well, give me one of the $1,000 ones, so let's just do it. So we started disclosing it immediately after they gave us the $20, and we found we could close about 25% on them at a $500 to $1500 a month package. But we found that out two hours into the last day of the show. So we really had, it really sucked, because we could have sold a whole lot more. What we found was once they got home, and I should have known this, my own stupidity, once they got home, guess what? You're out of their mind. It's too late, you know? So primacy is really important, recency is really important. People are in, you know, if you're thinking right now, I'll tell you, there are a lot of people who go, well, I don't really want to sell something to somebody right now. I'll wait a couple of days and let them get into it and get into the product, and then when they're really excited, then I'll send them a thing and sell them something else. Wrong answer, right? That's going to cost you everything. You will not be able to make a business work that way. So that's a good example of, was that helpful? Yeah. So if you're doing anything that could be sold at a trade show, I love trade shows. Let me show you one more since I got this working. These are the Silver Knot cufflinks inspired by Tiffany and Company that sells their Silver Knot cufflinks for over $450 a pair, and even copycat versions that you can find other places online sell for at least $32 to $38 a pair. But today, we're giving you a pair absolutely free. Just click this video right now to get yours. Basically, instead of spending a million dollars on a stupid Super Bowl ad showing the dog's butts, we're giving away a million dollars worth of the world's most popular cufflinks as a demonstration to our quality products, selections, and customer service on FrenchCuffee.com. So today, you get the world's most beautiful cufflinks absolutely free. All you have to do is to click on this video right now to claim your pair. Be advised, supplies are limited. So claim yours now before they're all gone. Yeah, so you notice the tone is completely different, right? Completely different market. So we do the little, even the elevator music in the back, right? So, yeah, so that should give you some idea of... Is there anything else to this? Yeah, there we go. Yeah, so that's basically, you know, I hope you understand a little more of what a tripwire and a tripwire offer... I hope you understand a little bit more of a tripwire offer and how they work. And I'm glad to... I've got time now. Is this... show me how much time I have left, Sherry? Yeah. Yeah, okay, cool. Thanks, Sherry. It takes some more hormones or something, I'll tell you. Sherry, by the way, isn't Sherry great? Have you met Sherry that's kind of coordinating event? Super great lady. Anyway, so I just want to have... I want to run through that so I have a lot of time to answer your guys' questions or talk about specific examples. If you guys have... if you're like, I don't know how I could do a tripwire for my business. I can... a lot of times I can come up with those, you know, a little quicker because I've done a lot of them. I'm glad to help you guys with that. And I'm also glad to answer questions you've got about anything that we do outside the tripwire. I mean, basically we do... if you... and I'm sure Russell and other people will talk to you about this, but all of our businesses basically are a tripwire, a core sale, an upsell, and a return path. So we're always trying to... you know, we want the tripwire to bring you into the core sale. We have a profit maximizer, some sort of an upsell, and then we have a return path mechanism, which is to get people to come back more often. Because really that's the only way you... Jay Abraham said a long time ago, the only way you can really grow a business is to get more customers, get them to spend more money every time they buy, and get them to come buy more often. And that's absolutely true. They're only three ways. So we try to build linear systems just to accelerate that process and do it right now. Yes, sir. Hey, Barry, how are you? Steve Olshare, nice to see you. The question of the moment is, do... you have a resource that you tend to go to for overseas manufacturing for physical products? How are you sourcing those products? Yeah, I got an advantage because I've been in Porter for a long time. So... but I tell people that are starting... started Alibaba, right? But look like a professional. If you send them an email, a one-line email, say, how much is that thing? You're an idiot, right? So they're going to treat you like an idiot. So they're going to give you the idiot price. If you want to be treated like a professional with those guys, they're still very formal, like we used to be in the states in the 50s, about letterhead and things like that. So digitally, create a letterhead, write a very formal, dear serves of madam. So I'm inquiring about that. Put a whole sheet in about your company and your annual turnover and what you do and ask them a lot of specific questions, even if you don't care what the answers are. Ask them what... put them on the defensive. What is your annual... what are your annual... what's your annual... they call it turnover over there. What's your annual turnover? How long have you been in business? How many employees do you have in your factory? Are you government-owned, partially government-owned or fully independent? Ask them a bunch of questions like that. You don't really care about the answers, but it makes you look like a pro, right? So they're going to tend to give you a little more pro price. Now, if you buy some stuff from them, buy it, sell it, see what happens. Know this, most of the time, whatever you're paying on Alibaba, you can probably cut that in half eventually, with volume and a different relationship, right? Not on everything. If it's a commodity item, if you're buying artificial Christmas trees by the truckloads, those are commodity items. But most things, you know, I can tell you this, when we started buying the credit card knife, when we started buying the credit card knife, we paid $1.11 a knife, because we bought them straight off Alibaba. They didn't even have our brand on them. Pretty soon, we got down to $0.65, I think, because we ordered, I think, $10,000 or $20,000. We had them logoed and I started getting involved in the process. I went over and negotiated them down to $0.42, thinking that I was just a ninja, right? Showing my guys how great I was. And then Jeremy G., that works for us, went back this past year. Now, granted, I bought 3 million of these knives in a year and a half, right? So the factory knows that I'm a real buyer. So when he went back, he got $0.37 and 90-day terms, which is almost impossible to get from China. So now, we don't pay for the goods until they've been in the States for 60 days, and our sell-through rates usually less than 30 days. So the Chinese factories carry in the paper. They're not going to do that for you immediately. The Chinese factories are not... The Chinese business people are not very trusting people as a rule, so they don't give a lot of credit away, you know? But it's changing. You know, there are changes. But we got a great rate, and I know that they're running us for almost materials' cost. They just want the volume in the factory, and we buy a lot of other stuff from them now. Great, thanks. Thanks. Yes, ma'am. I'm just wondering what a good tripwire would be for a weight loss company, like how to lose, I don't know, 10 pounds in 10 days or something, like a blender? It depends a lot on the mechanism. You know, if you're juicing, it could be a juice thing. If you're selling a shake, it could be that. I gave an idea to some folks some time back, and I don't know if anybody ever did it. I'm not in the weight loss market for a lot of reasons. Mostly this one. That market scares the hell out of me, by the way. My advice to you in the weight loss business is probably don't be in the weight loss business. But unless you're doing something very, very... I don't even want to say why. Be safe. Be careful. Cautious. Get a good lawyer. But I talked to someone, a great offer there, if you had a system for walking yourself thin, for instance. A pedometer would be a great giveaway. Does that make sense? A yoga headrest or a yoga mat would be a great giveaway. If you're juicing some sort of little portable juicer that shakes the juice up, or whatever, it would be a great giveaway. So you're going to come down to probably more to the mechanism of health and fitness that you're working toward than the overall goal. Because most people aren't... They'll get into the thing. They'll get into the mechanism a lot more. And that has to do with market maturation, right? There's a fantastic book by a guy named Eugene Schwartz called Breakthrough Advertising. It's $100, but it's worth every penny. It's the hardest read in the whole business, because Gene was a genius, but he really couldn't write. He was a great ad man, but he couldn't write to where humans read. You know, what he wrote, so savant like brilliant. But he talks a lot about the weight loss market and its maturity. So it's probably the most mature of all direct response markets, period. There was some guy in a cave with a stone drawing a fat chick on a wall 3,000 years ago with a skinny chick next to it that says before and after. So it's the oldest market ever, right? So you've got to be something new there. Nobody's going to, hey, lose weight, check it out. Nobody cares. They'll listen to a new mechanism. Does that make sense? Yeah, it does. Yes, sir. When you're entering into a new market, when do you start looking at brand? Like Survival Life and the Hoffman and Ricker knife, by the way, which my son argued with me was an actual brand that existed for a long, long time. Because the knife is high quality. The point where you go, I'm just now getting these, testing it out to, I want to put my logo on it, put my brand on it, create something new. We don't put a logo on anything that we're not really strongly believe we're going to sell for a long time. So we've never branded the credit card knife except with Survival Life. It's a premium test. It's an ad premium. So I don't want to put a brand on it. We've never branded the credit card knife a Hoffman, Ricker, credit card knife. Because it wasn't high enough quality to be in the Hoffman, Ricker line. Hoffman, Ricker was pulled straight from the arse of Ryan Dice. He and I were drinking beer one night and we were trying to come up with a name. And we were talking about how German knife, people like German design stuff. And we used German steel in our knives. And so he just went on and found the two of the most common Germans surnames. Hoffman means judge and Ricker. One means farmer and one means judge. And Hoffman, Ricker was born sitting in his guest house at two o'clock in the morning one night. So we just dreamt it up. But when I talk about it, I'll often say, who's ever seen a Hoffman, Ricker knife before? And like 25 hands will go up. Thank you. Yeah, this is a, you'll notice we do a lot of cool stuff with our knives now. So this, thank you very much. This is a Hoffman, Rick, the packaging is good. The knife is really good. And we're actually doing something on if this is a new one. You've had this one a little while, right? It was just delivered to my seat 10 minutes ago. Really? Yeah, Brent just brought it to you. Our guys are good. The new one, we're actually powder coating the outside of the blade, the top of the blade, with our burnt red color. So when you, when somebody pulls out a Hoffman, Rick, your knife, you're going to know that it's a Hoffman, Rick, your knife instantly. So, but this is, if anybody wants to call, close it, touch it or feel it, if it's his, but you can tell this is a really, really, really, really, really good knife. And I'm not kidding. It really is. It's better. I think it's the best, maybe the best tactical knife in the market, period, at any price. And so we're real proud to have it. Now this knife, we didn't go to China and buy this knife. We went to, when we first bought this knife, that's me. We went, when we first bought this knife, it was completely different. So over time with Chinese factories, we've added, like, we added a little loop, the carabiner loop in the back, that's also a glass breaker. They changed the spring on it. They changed the way the, because it's a spring assist knife, they changed the way that the mechanism opened because it would stick some. And it was wobbly in here before, and that was because of a certain spring they were using. We had that change. So over time, we're always making the product better and better and better, you know. But, but we take a while before we stick a brand on something. It's a great knife. Thanks. I appreciate it. Yes, sir. Hey, Perry, how are you? Two, one comment, what your insight on, and then a question. I've been in IM for quite a while, and you see a lot of people, a lot of companies offering free reports. Yeah. I'm a little jaded. I say those things don't work. I guess the first question is, what is your opinion on digital tripwires? Second part of the question is, I have physical products. What is your opinion on giving a digital tripwire or a physical tripwire for a physical product sale if one's better than the other? Okay. Yeah. I'll be glad to answer the question. It depends on the market, but right in the survival space, we can't even come close in the same zip code to the conversion rates of a physical product with a report. When we started in survival life, we only had reports. We did the first, we did $7 reports. That's how we kicked off. But the first time we ever did a physical tripwire, we were getting 2% or 3% conversion on our reports. The first time we did a physical tripwire, we got an 18% conversion. So it wasn't even in the same stratosphere. Now it's gone down in physical products because more people have entered the market with physical products. But still, it's pretty common for us to find a product to cold traffic. It would convert it 5% or 6%, 7%. Up to 11%. Reports for us now, when we go back every now and then to Tram, 1, 2, you know. So people get hung up on the cost. They say, well, you're having to spend money on the thing. Yeah, but I'm selling five times more of them. It's just an opportunity, right? The credit card knife, by the way, costs 37 cents. I mean, it's not much money compared to a digital downloadable product. And people, it's just a lot more compelling for people. Now we're going up to, we're spending $1, $2, $3, $4 in a tripwire. Because I can stand to go backwards a long time because I got cash now that I didn't have before. So I'm trying to make it tougher on everybody else. You know, I'm really trying to make it tough on guys like Tray Lou Ellen. He's given away, you know, what he's given away, it's a great tripwire. You know, I'm in that gun market too. So we're trying to, we're going to be competing to try to give away bigger and bigger premiums. I'm in a business of trying to lose more money as fast as I can. Right? Because you can't stand it. A competitor can't stand it. If you can understand that, it's kind of complicated. But you know, the more difficult I make it, because I had a lot of people that have went in and said, oh, I'm going to do what they're doing to survive life. And they bought a bunch of tripwire items and they sold them and they sold the tripwires because people always buy them, but didn't have their funnel perfected in the back. And they were like, that's crazy. They're losing money. Of course I'm losing money. I lose money for at least 35 to 60 days from the day I sell. So yeah, it's not a quick thing, but the slingshot effect is pretty cool. Thank you. Thanks. Yes. Hi, I'm Ricardo. Similar question, but do you guys at Digital Marketer have a physical tripwire that you use that's not a report or for somebody that has like a marketing company? Today, I don't know. We haven't had software, by the way, is the best tripwire ever at Digital Marketer. We do better with low dollar software than anything else. The new tripwire, there is a new tripwire coming out with a t-shirt and, you know, the I'm Smarter t-shirts that we do? Yeah. So we're doing those as a tripwire coming up with a dollar trial to DM Lab. Okay. Yeah, I think that promotion is going to crush it. Okay. You know, t-shirts have been really good for us. Okay. Really good. It's new for us to do t-shirts, but they've been really, really, really good for us. Okay. Is there anything else that you think would be good? You know, anything that somebody would like. I saw some guy wearing a t-shirt out here a minute ago. This is, I'm a list building, something, something, something, right? I'll tell you a quick story. I think that was Russell's. Good job, Russell. I'll tell you a quick story about t-shirts and bumper stickers and things. There's a great blog, there's a great podcast called Invisiblia. I think I'm saying it right. And it's by the people, it's by the people who do this American life. And it talks about all kinds of psychological stuff, but they did this, they did it in a coffee shop in New York. They had a tip jar out there and they were getting, let's say, $100 a day in tips. And instead of putting one tip jar out, they put out two tip jars, right? And one said Beatles and one said Rolling Stones. And people voted with their tips, right? So the tips got split, but the weird part was the end of the day, there was $400 in the jars, not $100. People want to be identified and categorize themselves. So much so when we were doing traffic inversion last time, I told a story of a truck I saw and then somebody found the picture and put it on all the screens. This guy had a giant suburban, which is ironic, was in San Diego. He had a giant suburban and he had paid obviously $80 or $100 of his letters put across the back of his suburban window that said vegan. He wanted people to know that he was a vegan. We want, we have this psychological thing in our heads where we want people to know what we're about, right? People buy magazines, magazines are an amazing business. People don't buy magazines to read. People buy magazines to lay on their coffee table to let you know they're a golfer. I'm not kidding. Everybody in the magazine business knows that. So you're, you know, people want to identify. So that's, you know, t-shirts would be great. Jewel, I'm going to Rhode Island when I leave. I'm going to New York in a couple of, an hour, less than an hour probably. I'm going to New York and then I'm going to Rhode Island to buy jewelry because we're beginning to do jewelry as trip bars. We didn't like word jewelry. Okay. So we'll find memes in particular, we'll find memes on Pinterest in a particular market that are popular, craft them into a piece of jewelry and then give away that piece of jewelry as a trip bar, right? So I'm trying to find more and more stuff where I can have a t-shirt or jewelry or something where I can just change to look at it a little bit so I don't have to bring in 3,000 different items. Try it. We'll see how, see what happens. My friends are doing an astrology and they're killing it with jewelry. Yeah. Cool. Thanks. A couple of quick things. Steven here, one quick thing. Would you believe I'm from Paducah as well? You're from Paducah? No, I'm not. I just want to let you know that I'm really a student of yours and listen to what you do. I didn't think you were because nobody's actually from Paducah. Yeah, no doubt. But everybody in this room should be a student of yours. You've really impacted our business. Sounded dead body makes when it hits the floor. It does. So the real question is, what is the real reason for this? The real reason is we're about to retool kind of our trip wire now and I was wondering if you had experience, I know in the supplement market people use this tactic on shipping a physical product and giving like a 14 day free trial and if you don't like it we'll take it back or something like that but I'm not in the supplement market and we're doing something that's pretty disruptive so I was curious if you've used physical products for like a free trial and then we'll hit your credit card in a 14 day period and if you tried that and how did it work? I do not. And I'll tell you why I don't. One of the biggest negative words in marketing right now is trial. Let me translate trial to you. You're going to build me for the rest of my life whether I want it or not. And that's what the world has come to know. I like just giving them something free and clear, period. There's no attachment to it. Then when I sell them the upsell, the upsell will have a continuity thing. They're going to get the premium and they're going to get, we'll do it. But we do a pseudo trial is basically our premium when you join our club. But as a front end I think it's a horrible, horrible, horrible front end. Even for a company like, I mean mind we're strictly almost a subscription business. What do you do? We ship people a laundry jug for free and then we send them refills for a laundry jug at a fraction of the cost of the mainstream gook. So we're in the home eco cleaning business. Yeah, eco cleaning. Yeah, cool. Yeah, so you just need to, that's too bad you got to ship them the jug, you know. But that also becomes like the anchor in the house. Right, of course, yeah. This is the jug to be the ship. So what are you wanting to do differently? What we're considering is switching up where, you know, we have a laundry system. So you have fabric softener, soap detergent, the whole line. And what we've been doing is, you know, a free plus shipping, get, you know, a free jug plus shipping and it's been working really good in converting well. But then the upsellers to try and get them into a subscription because we want to give, oh yeah, dominate their laundry room. So the challenge is, you know, we have to now retarget and come back to get them into more products where I'd love to just get people into a laundry system. Yeah, just do them a bucket. So you give them the, if you get, you're giving them one package in the jug, right? So they get to make one jug, say, you know, hey, wouldn't it be great to never have to buy a cleaning product again? So I want to give you this amazing. I'm going to make you a one-time offer right now of the conditioner, shampoo, window cleaner, dishwashing liquid, all these 15 different capsule packs that go in your same jug that you can make up all these products and refill all your containers with. You'll save over $900 a year by doing this. And what we're going to do is every month after that, I'm going to give you this $150 with the stuff today for free as a premium. And every month you're going to get refills on three of your most used products. So this is a big thing by the way in continuity, physical continuity. Changing the monthly deliverable has made an enormous difference in our serum business. So what happens, they call it stacking in continuity. Sure. You send out laundry detergent, well, pretty soon they're going on vacation, they don't do laundry for two weeks, they come back, next thing they know they got another jug of laundry stuff, hell, I already got too much of that. And eventually they got two or three months supply stacked up and they cancel. So one of the best things you can do is next month send them laundry, the next month send them dishwashing, the next month send them something else and then cycle back around the laundry every three or four months. And if you can do that, it keeps them from building the stack. Right? So I would maybe approach it that way. That's cool. Thanks. Thanks. Yes, sir. We're in the off-grid niche and our products are we're trying. It's a terrible business, get out while you can. There's a reason I got the knife and the solar charger, the cord. Russell and I have been hacking you for a couple weeks now and we're not having much excess and what- You've been hacking it? You guys, yeah, that's why I've got all your stuff. Oh, so you're a knockoff artist is what you're saying? Well, actually our markets, I think our markets are different because- Ah, right. That's why you're holding all my products, right? Yeah, they're completely different. Yeah, because you guys, they want to kill bunnies and my market wants to like save the bunny. So that's- So you're like off-grid. You know, we on PioneerSettler.com, we should talk about that. Sorry? Pioneer Settlers hours. We're number one right now for homesteading. Okay. Okay. Yeah, we should talk about that. I don't have anybody heading that horse. Yeah. Anyway, but go ahead, say what you're saying. Yeah, so what- We've tried a few different things. We tried just to lead with my information program on how to establish a solar power system off-grid with all the sizing and all that sort of- So your lead is all power and energy? It was initially. Now I've built the greenhouse. I've got the chickens. Now we're doing the whole homesteading thing. I'll tell you what I learned about the homesteading business. It's about women. Okay. Don't talk to the men. Ignore the men. The men will come along. Just talk to the women. My Facebook, and I've been killing on Facebook, we've been sending like hundreds of people, thousands of people, as much killer conversions rates with the ads. It's mostly men that are going, but nobody's buying anything. Yeah, that's what we found too. We got a lot of interest in homesteading and DIY projects for men, but women bought. And we actually led the market with canning and food preservation. And we tried a bunch of stuff, and that's what ended up working best for us. Now on the back, once they're involved, they'll buy energy, but the survival guys actually buy energy better than the homesteading guys do. Okay. Which is weird. I don't know why, but they do. Homesteading is largely about cooking, baking. What's the word I'm looking for? Canning. Home. Back to traditional values, things you can do with your kids. Pardon? Pioneer. Yeah, we're Pioneer Settler. We own Pioneer Settler.com. But yeah, it's back to more simple life. They want to bake their own breads. They want to grow their own gardens. They want to can their foods when they come out. They want to sew. It was huge in that market for us. I couldn't believe it. They want to sew their own clothes and learn to repair men their own clothes. So things like that are actually, I would have thought it would have been, I think what they do is women get the guys involved by saying, hey, why don't you build us a solar tower or a wind turbine and get the hell out of my house for a while and stop bugging me. I guess. I don't know. But solar and wind and all that have worked way better to the survival crowd than to the homesteading crowd in our experience. So what would a tripwire be though? It just depends on what you're, you know, what are you going to lead with. There's a lot of things homesteaders want to learn to do. If they're wanting to learn food preservation, maybe you have a food container system or something that's a tripwire. If you'd seed preservation is, I think, going to be really hot. Seed preservation. Saving your own seeds. Okay. If you're buying organic, we've got a, we've got a product on this and I did it. For whatever reason, I missed the mark, but I know it's good. It was called Seeds for Life and it was a course on, but I didn't have a physical thing to go with it. But it was on, you go to, you go to Whole Foods and pay $12 for a tomato, right? So wouldn't you like to, you bought the $12 tomato because it was organic and then you cut it up and you throw the seeds, go down the drain off the cutting board and you just throw them away. Yeah. Right? And then you go buy a pack of seeds for $12 to grow tomatoes. It doesn't make sense. If you're buying organic foods, you should be saving and preserving and drying your seed. So there's a, I think that's an interesting lead in. Okay. That's okay. If I get Russell to hook us up then? Yeah, sure. Sure. Thanks. Yeah. Hey Perry, thanks for being here. Thanks. I have a natural supplement product for singers. It's a all organic throat spray and I was wondering what do you think would be the best tripwire for that? I think that might be the tripwire. Yeah. If you're, you know, singers, I sing. Oddly enough, I sing. Terribly, by the way, horribly. I do sing. It's much like, but I got a whole recording. So I think I'm, yeah, I'm trying like hell. Right? So, but yeah, I get, but if I sing a lot, I know I get raspy really quickly. I would just do a really small container of it for them to try it, you know, try it for free. Give them a two ounce sprayer or something that just lets them, you know, use it a few times. And if it is really effective product with efficacy, you can, but don't wait for them to do it. Offer them more of it right then. Odds are again, 30% will say yeah. You know, and maybe you add something else, some additional voice training or something for them that lets them run their skit, run their, do their runs and all that and teaches them some exercise and things. Mixing information and physical together is really cool because you create a hybrid product that's kind of like, you know, a tangerine. It's not an orange and it's not a, you know, you want, people can't just go compare your stuff to other stuff. Right? One of my friends, Lori Taylor has a dog food line called True Dog. And she tried like crazy to make that thing work and couldn't. But she had a spray for dog's teeth and they started giving away little containers of the dog spray, the teeth spray. And then she gets into by all the other sprays, the ear cleaner, the dog food and everything. Once they, I just can't impress upon you enough how important it is that you convert those prospects to a buyer if it's for a dollar. It doesn't matter. Just once you have a credit card for them, they're in your system, they're going to buy 10 to 20 times more than people that don't. So I just try that. That's great. Sounds interesting. Thank you. Yes, sir. Your video production style, I noticed some changes between the dummy videos you did to the whiteboards, to the testimonial videos you use. Is there a change in the market between using dummy? You're noticing that where? Well, in the digital market, I've just noticed the evolution of some of the videos. I don't do a lot of digital market anymore. They just send me checks, which is really awesome. Can you show us how to do that to an adult? Yeah, it's called kill yourself for five years and then eventually you make money. But they are testing a lot of things over there and I know that the truth is, it's very much like I was talking to a lady about the weight loss market. It's a market maturation issue. If you see enough white word sales letter videos, eventually you're turned off by them as soon as you see them, you're repel. Right. So, I guess you've seen our YouTube ad with a cat going like this. Have you seen that? The flashing cat. So it's just trying to break it up a bit. They probably will cycle back around to where it goes back to whiteboard videos or goes back to doodle videos. Even doodle videos kind of stopped being as effective after a while. Do you recommend any particular resource to explore, to use to find your brand video style? No, it really depends on what your market scene. What market are you in? Personal development mainly. Cell development. You probably can still do pretty well with doodle videos because I don't think they've been over there too heavily. The doodles. Yeah. The next thing in the evolution were the whiteboard videos and the doodle videos. Survival life right now, we're performing the highest long form print sales letters again. Who knew? So the cycle's kind of worn through all the videos and we're actually performing better on higher ticket stuff, the long form print. So it's just about the maturity of the market. If you're going into a brand new market, it's never seen any of this stuff. If you're going to start selling, you know, to fish hatcheries or something and they've never seen any of this stuff, I'd use plain blackboards on a white screen because it's the most effective. Thank you. Thanks. Mr. Perry, thank you for your service. You're welcome. My name is Noah Hammond Terrell and currently I'm working with Helping Emerging Coaches to build their coaching business, to step through their insecurities about like, oh, who's going to really believe I'm a coach and then also build the marketing and the branding and that kind of stuff to be successful. And what we did successfully to our warm traffic was a webinar to a consultation and then sold them on the phone and had a nice conversion rate. And it's a $6,000 group coaching program. He's a Sharon Pearson's kind of message for that. I'm not familiar with her work. But yeah, it was basically just webinar sales to a refundable deposit that says, hey, I'm serious. I want to get on the phone with one of your salespeople. It's like Kern's thing. Yeah, he does. Okay. Yeah. And then so we did well with those conversions. Now we're moving into cold traffic and I'm wondering what a good tripwire is because, you know, of course webinars, people, you know, we've got automated webinar systems built, but you know, engagement and how many people are showing up. I think that we could probably really increase in my people showing up if we were charging them for the webinar. And then I'm wondering what the tripwire immediate. I think I got you. Yeah, I would. The two things I would really concentrate on are probably t-shirts, apparel or jewelry. You're probably 75, 80% women, right? We're probably 60, 40. Yeah. Any kind of unisex piece of jewelry that was like a like a silver thing with some words on it and that meant something to them along a cord that could be unisex, even a t-shirt or some sort of an apparel that identified them as, you know, as a coach or a coach, you know, life coaches help you to do this or that. The other thing I'd really think about would be trying to get a piece of software developed or find one you can white label that helps them walk through with their, you know, automate the coaching process for them and sell at a really, really, really low rate. Now, one thing you can do with all those, since you've got a successful webinar that works, giving away the free, we do this a lot, giving away the free t-shirt along with an online class also known as a webinar, right? So when they register for the webinar, they get the t-shirt, when they register for the online class, they pay for the online class, 495, you're going to ship them the t-shirt for free, then that lets them, but make sure you have them buy the class, give them the t-shirt. Buy the class, give them the t-shirt. Because then your show up rate on your class will be 60, 70%. Right, because that's what they paid for. Right, because that's what they paid for. So you can always come back and follow up, say, hey, we want to make sure you get on the class that you paid for, it's going to start at 730, don't want you to be late, yada, yada, yada. But adding a physical premium to it will just probably at least double, if not triple, your conversion rates to cold traffic, just by there being a physical thing. And would you still add an instant, hey, one time offer, so excited your class is coming up in a few days, and here's a $27, $37, $47 thing that, my question is, like, would it be more of what they want? More of what they already expecting from the class, or would it be, like, lateral? It could be lateral, and your ticket's too high, right? You could also, right there on the thank you page, make your offer that you make on your webinar, which is probably a consultation, right? Exactly. You could just say, hey, we're going to have a great webinar tonight. I know, but a lot of you guys are wanting help right now, and our best clients are the ones that work with us. So if you want help right now, and you want to just go ahead and get a $100 consultation with us before the webinar, because you might be in a hurry, you're really trying to get this done, you could just enter your stuff right here, and we'll get you scheduled right now. I bet you would find that your conversion rate on that is probably higher than your conversion rate on the webinar. Thank you very much. The lead might not be as qualified or as educated. Right. Right. So we might take them through a separate sales process? Yeah. Cool. Thank you. Yes, sir. I got, by the way, 10 minutes, 32 seconds. Okay. Hi, thank you very much. This is awesome. Thanks. I am also in the survival space. I have a product. What the hell with you guys? Can't you be original? Shit. Come on, a little bit. Right? Who's something original? There's all kinds of markets out there. Why? Well, anyway, I have a... I'm dispensable. You better have a good product. I have, I produce product called Survival Still. It's a high-end emergency drinking water system that allows people to produce, turn ocean water. If you guys would share some of that cheese, we would promote that thing for you. What's that? You gotta share that cheddar. We would promote that thing. I'd love to talk to you. Yeah, let's do that. Go ahead. My question is, it's about $300. How relevant does that tripwire have to be? You give away the knives, you give away the... If I were you, you know what I would probably do, and I shouldn't tell you this, because this is what I would do if I were in your business. We've actually looked at that product, a product like that. We decided not to do it, but I would probably buy LifeStraws and sell LifeStraws and break even and upsell your product on the back, because LifeStraws got a great brand in the market. And you've got somebody, you know, they're concerned with water purification. If you're showing you're still to people who don't care about water purification, whatever advertising money you spent to reach those people was totally wasted. So even if it's like $14 or whatever... Yeah, a tripwire can be any price. I didn't tell you about one of the stories I was gonna tell, it was a friend of mine. This is a good story. I'm gonna stop and tell the story, but I'm sitting in my local bar. And the girl used to be my assistant, dated a guy that goes to my bar. And he doesn't know that I know that he dated her, and he doesn't know who I am. So we're sitting, I'm sitting here talking to him, and I said, you know, how's business spreading? He said, oh man, our business is crazy. It's been better. I said, we're at 500% this year. I said, man, it's incredible. I said, so you guys own the carpet store and stuff like that. He said, no, it's just a design center for our construction business. He said, but I said, so what was been the big catalyst? He said, well, he said, last year, like middle of the year last year, I came with this idea that we're gonna sell, instead of giving free estimates, we came up with this thing called Decorate 288. So for $288, we'll send out a decorator to Grip, build you a decoration board and all that showing what your new kitchen or bathroom is gonna look like for $288. And we went to the home show and we sold that. And at the home show, we sold over 100 of them and 85% of them converted over to a job. The average job size, by the way, $60,000. Right? So I said, man, that's incredible. I said, where'd you come up with that idea? I said, I just thought it one night. I call it my trip wire. Swear to God. Did not give the girl any credit at all. None. I said, man, that's genius. He said, yeah, I thought it was pretty good. Because I've been thinking about putting out a product, putting out an information product for all these other guys in the construction. I'm kicking. I'm kicking. Like you guys in the survival. But no kidding. Yeah, you just need to have something that shows buyer intent. But it can be a $20 trip wire. We sold We sold LifeStraw as a $20 trip wire into LifeStraw family. And that works as a pretty good promotion for us. You know, or into Berkey. We're a Berkey dealer. So what about something that's not really like the knife, like the other? Harder lift. If you sell them a credit card knife and you go into a still that has that buying a credit card now hasn't told you they have any intention of purifying water. Now it does get him. It gets you closely related to the market, but it's still not going to perform nearly as well as had you sold them something water related in the beginning. Okay. Yeah. Excellent. Thank you. How many of you guys buy and still making whiskey? I'm fine. You don't have to answer. Thanks. Hi, Perry. When you're using a physical trip wire and you ask for shipping and handling, how do you distinguish between a U.S. customer and overseas? The shipping is going to be very different. Yeah. And do you have any suggestions for trip wire? We are oddly in a market right now where we don't ship overseas in the survival market. We only ship the U.S. and Canada. However, digital market is shipping overseas and they're doing a T-shirt with a provider that has a giant bulk contract. So they got a pretty good rate. It's more challenging when you do that. And we've looked at putting distribution center. If we were in the survival niche is kind of uniquely American. So we're, you know, we really not try to reach out. But as we're going to cosmetic space and all that, we're having to work with other partners and it's a pain in the ass, B-frame. You usually have to get fulfillment partners in those other countries because if you're shipping from the U.S. to those other countries, you're going to kill with that taxes and stuff like that. Do you have a suggestion for a trip wire for our online acoustic guitar lessons? Maybe digital? Yeah. Maybe, uh, picks. I mean, I can give away guitar picks, man. But don't send them overseas. Uh, if your market's overseas, yeah, just get a fulfillment house overseas to fulfill them for you. You can ship from China to anywhere. I mean, you just got to get fulfillment partners somewhere that'll do the fulfillment for you. And one of the things that we did find in the UK sometime back was I ran Craigslist ads for people to fulfill out of their houses. And if you're not doing just thousands of orders, you know, you can usually get somebody to do it out of their house for you, just ship the stuff to them if it's some little, and they'll ship it for you. And the UK's, the, the, the EU is good that anywhere in the EU, you can ship anywhere in the EU pretty cheap. Yeah. Thank you. Thanks. Good morning, sir. Don't worry. I'm not a survivor kid. I'm just in survival mode. It will be just 30 seconds from your time. You mentioned, uh, trade shows. My question for you, sir, is, um, are you targeting a specific, specific, uh, trade show or, uh, you just have a product to go there and, uh, Well, the local marketing product is good for any local business, right? Uh, trade shows, I believe, by the way, are the very most effective form of advertising and sales and marketing in the world period beyond all other things. Period. Because you think about it, if you're selling something for locksmiths that make their business better, you're going to show with 900 locksmiths, these guys got in an airplane, flew to Las Vegas, paid to go on a show, joined a, joined an association, stayed at a hotel, slept a $20 cab to the convention center and are humping through here, desperately seeking ways to make their business better. Right? You couldn't find a more motivated client no matter what. And if you, if you could get appointments to go see all 900 of them, it costs you $300,000 in travel to go see them. And you're just sitting there and they come to you. There's just, that's the reason there will always be trade shows. So yeah, the more specific the offer is to the trade show, the better. But I had the opportunity to do this pitch directly to locksmiths only for the locksmiths show. I would have done that. We were trying to make it a little more generic, which is always what most people try to do because it's more convenient, but it's never as effective. Yeah. Thanks, sir. Hey, Pat. Thanks again for all your wisdom. I got, I probably got your question probably one more. So one or two more maybe. I got three minutes I see on the clock. Appreciate all your, all your wisdom. You've taught me how to sell. Thank you. I've had a sell before, but as a graphic designer, I helped small businesses, you know, improve their brand and image and joining Russell's Ignite program really has turned me into like a funnel design ninja now. So now I'm trying to scale the business up to like funnel designs. So the only problem I'm having is the, what's my trip wire? You know, how do I get people to understand that branding is like their, your first impression. You're best tripwires to come to places like this and say, Hey, by the way, I do funnel design. I mean, if you were going to mob you, right? Yeah. You can do, you can do an architecture form or something like that. Just, you know, Glyphy. Okay. Yeah. I use Glyphy. We Glyphy all of our funnels out and people think that's the coolest looking thing ever. Right. So you can do a Glyphy of their funnel forum as a 20, give me $25 and I'll create you a funnel outline in Glyphy. Okay. I bet you are the people you create the funnel outline for 75, 80% of them by awesome. Thanks, brother. Thanks. Hey, Perry, thanks for sharing. By the way, I'll keep this real short. I'll tell you what I do so you can answer it more quickly. So you might get another question. I'm in the real estate niche. It's buying hold not education. So we're essentially looking for people. They join as a member. We buy the real estate with our own money. We renovate it. We put tenants in place. We basically do everything it's done for you. So they come through our funnel. They either go to a webinar or business like that with Kent Clothier. Yeah. Yeah. Memphis invest. We know them pretty well. So we're US invest. So essentially, yeah, what we're trying to do is get somebody to what was that? I didn't hear it. So what we're trying to do is figure out the best trip wire because right now we're generating everything exclusively online. It's going to either our sales floor webinar. It's converting, but not as we'd like to. We're still doing this. We're still doing a CD DVD thing with him and it's doing okay. We're still looking. It's going to have, I think it's going to be software. It's going to be some sort of like a portfolio builder. Software. No, I think it's going to be a more deal discovery kind of software. Something that trolls Craigless ads or something like that puts them in a more control, puts them in a more readable fashion. Those pieces of software, by the way, to have those things built, it's a few thousand bucks. But aren't they normally more for flippers, people that want to find deals and flip? We're looking for people that want to invest their retirement funds. Yeah. Well, then, okay, yeah, I got you. So you're trying to go more to the investor guy. You're literally exclusively for investors. The hands-off investor guy. 100%. Then you're probably going to need a newsletter offer oddly enough like an Agora model. That's probably what I would do. A newsletter offer? Yeah. Have you ever, you know, Agora publishing? No, I'll check it out. They're a $560 million newsletter publisher. Go check them out. Go to, go sign up to watch the Palm Beach letter pitch and I would knock that pitch off cold if that's the guy you're looking for. Okay. Yeah. Cool. I'm looking to. Thanks, man. And just make it about real estate. I'm glad to see you. I'm glad to see you. Good to see you again. Good morning. Good to see you again. I would love for you to give some input concerning a tripwire for an endeavor that we're preparing and we will be launching this summer. And it is an endeavor to give honor and tribute to a woman, Harriet Tubman, who let the most slaves to freedom. And there are different people, whites, blacks, all races that want to give tribute to Harriet Tubman. There is a surge in the desire to honor her for what she did and even helping to win the war as a soldier. And she was not compensated until it took years and whites and others rally together to make sure that she got at least something. And it was really not what the government had promised her. And so with all that she did, helping people, causing people, the black slaves not to hate, the whites but to love and that love because of Jesus Christ. So there is this wonderful effort. And so I'd love to find out from you an idea what might be a tripwire. If I had to, I got to, for a minute to guess, my guess would be it would probably be either a piece of jewelry or a coin or something along a small coin somebody could carry in their purse or in their pocket to remind them like a worry, like a legal worry stone people have sometimes, a reminder stone. But I think ideally a jewelry piece is always the best for something like that because it has a high perceived value. People want to display it because they're going to want to display that probably. You know, word jewelry like with a quote on it or a symbol that maybe I don't know what that symbol is, but if you have it and this person has it and you know what it is together, it brings you together when you see someone with that on and you'll know. And something that allows them to go, oh, that's a pretty necklace. What's that mean? What's that? What's that on it? Well, let me tell you a story. It gives them an opportunity to tell a story. That would probably be where I would look. Thank you. Thank you so much, darling. Oh, thank you for taking my question. I'll do these last two and then I got the split. Thank you. Okay. I think there are a lot of people I'm short. There are a lot of people that are in the coaching industry and so it's very heavy on information and like ebooks and such. I do couples counseling. We do couples therapy. So it's like in the relationship and you had a great idea about dating products, but a tripwire for something that's so like information and work. It feels like work for people. Oh, I forgot one. I forgot a big one for a lot of you guys. It's the really good adaptable one. So this is for couples counseling? Yeah. Okay, perfect. Develop a card deck you can give away. A card deck that has like exercises on it like Gottman, like a Q and A card deck with 52 cards in it where you sit down with your mate and you ask each other these questions honestly or whatever. You can get cards printed in China for about 50 cents a deck. And I've got a guy in Texas that does them for a dollar 20. If you need them quicker, you don't want to buy a heavy quantity, but you can get them done in China for about 50 cents or less. Card decks have been really good for us. We just did a new card deck called 52 ways to piss off a liberal that we're doing and it's doing really well. Okay. Because people just want it. How can I piss off Bob today when I got to work? That's a good one. Every week I got a new one for you, Bob. Welcome to work. But 52 questions that 52 things you should know about your mate or your lover. 52 questions you never had that you always wanted to know, but you were afraid to ask. To increase the romance or something like that. Yeah, to increase the romance, increase the...whatever. You could have multiple decks of cards. Card decks are real...they fall into jewelry, t-shirts, card decks. Anything that lets people...those are adaptable, easily adaptable. Thank you. Yes ma'am. I got to do this is my last two. Hey, Barry, I'll try to make this quick. I just joined the atmospheric water generator business. Are you familiar with that? No. Okay, so basically it's a machine like the size of a water dispenser and it takes the humidity out of the air and makes it into drinkable water about 7 gallons a day. It's about a $3,500 price point, but I'm brand new into this niche and I'm just curious if you have any ideas on how to trip over it. That's cool. Hell, that's Nernjer right there. Yeah, that's really cool. Homesteaders will buy that crap, man. Really hardcore homesteaders will buy it because water is a challenge. Yeah. 7 gallons a day. Yeah. It depends on where you're at. Depends on the humidity in the area. Yeah. That's very interesting. You're going to have to probably, if I were you, I would go around partnering with everyone in the survival space. How much do you make on the $3,500? About two grand. About two grand? Yeah. Yeah. So you can share a grand if you had a, right? Sure. Somebody came to us and said, I'll share a grand on a deal like that. We might try to run it. We'd probably run a webinar on it or something. It's a big lift. I'd probably run a webinar on it. Cool. Yeah. You want a partner? Yeah, I'll try. Yeah. Matt, what was, I'll give out somebody else's email address. It's always awesome. Tre, are you here? What was Matt Swan's email address? I got a Skype name. What is it? Let's see. Poor Matt. Yeah. Matthew, M-A-T-T-H-E-W. That's one. One five. SWAN. SWAN. SWAN. SWAN. SWAN. SWAN. SWA. Matthew. SWAN. SWAN. SWAN. SWAN. SWAN. SWAN. SWAN. SWAN. SWAN. SWAN. SWAN. W-A-T-C-M-A-L-E-S-T-S-A-R-E-Y-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-S-C-I-T-T-H-E-R. Matt, what was that? So, Terry, I've heard you talk about how you're giving away T-shirts on the front end and how that's been working really well for you guys. Russell's been doing some of the same. Well, I have a T-shirt company, supercustomshirts.com, and we have by far the cheapest prices compared all the competitors online. I'm wondering what do you think a good trip wire would be for a t-shirt company? Oh, a sample of your shirt, you know, if you want a custom shirt, you want to print some custom shirts, send us what you got, we'll send you a sample for free. Just pay shipping and handling for the sample. I think a lot of people were apprehensive about making a, because I want to see how good the print's going to be. Yes. I think that's your obvious get a free sample of any t-shirt, you know. Are you going to get scammed sometimes? Yeah. But so what? You know, charge them 6.95 shipping, you're going to be all right. Right. You know, so you get scammed sometimes. Who cares? But you're going to, you're going to send them, you're going to take them out of the market where a lot of the other guys aren't going to send them a sample. Okay, cool. Yeah. Thanks. All right. Guys, thank you so much. Awesome. You guys stand up. Get on your feet. Give it up for Perry Belcher. Thank you. So when I bring up our next presenter, if you would please make sure you give him that exact level of intensity. Can you do that for me? Excellent. So Perry, just talk to you about tripwires, correct? Tripwires is the start of a funnel so we can sell products, right? Well, our next individual, our next presenter moves between 20,000 and 40,000 units of product per week. Yeah, somebody said, damn, I was like, yeah, damn is right. Anybody here like to move between 20,000 and 40,000 units a week? If you met him at the round table last night, then you also know that he sells 5,000 to 10,000 t-shirts a month as well. But here's the thing about everything that he does. Okay. Here. And this is the important thing that this is what he's going to talk to you guys about. Number one, he's going to let you in behind the scenes in the funnel that one of the funnels that he's using to move so much product. But here's the thing that is the most important. When you're building a business, the business that you're building needs to be sustainable. Everybody say sustainable. Your business, your building needs to be sustainable. It's awesome to say, I jumped into an itch and I made $5,000. Great. What next? Nothing. That's not sustainable. So you want your business to be sustainable. So it keeps making money for you over and over again. Are you guys ready to learn how to do that? I don't think you are. You guys ready to learn how to do that? If you are ready to learn how to do that, then go ahead and stand up for me and welcome to the stage, Mr. Trey Lou Ellen. They really, you guys can hear me? Yeah, look at all that way. Sounds awesome. All right. So cool. So they sent me up this really cool Justin Timberlake mic. I might do some moves in a minute. I don't know about you guys, but for the last two days, I've been staring at this thing. Is this something like Google image maps are doing now? It's not the best point of view, I don't think. It's amazing what that stuff does. So here we go. We're going to get started and get rocking. You guys are excited. I saw that. Excellent. So for that, you don't know me. That didn't seem at the round table. My name is Trey Lou Ellen. I currently sell between 20,000 and 40,000 units of product per week through our business. You know, the big thing, the statement I always say, it's all about being committed to being dedicated and to your business. And if you show me a successful funnel, I'll show you a dedicated entrepreneur. You know, I didn't become dedicated to being an entrepreneur until about two years ago when I was sitting, I was actually sitting at my brother's graduation party to law enforcement school. And I was sitting in the state or sitting in the stands and he's graduating and it didn't become real on that day that there could be a day that when he goes to work for the St. Louis police department that he could come home in a casket. And the thing was, it was that moment that really, really set with me. I was like, you know, I need to become dedicated. I need to not only build a business that helps sustain my personal income, but I need to build a business around him as well that does his income as well, that pays for his living expenses. And so I knew the only thing that he loved was guns. So I said, hey, Bryson, you want to go into business together? And he said, well, what about? I said, I don't know, guns. And I don't know anything about guns. And he's like, sure, let's do it. Let's go into business together. I was like, man, that's fantastic. And so the reason I believe that I'm on stage today is not to just show you like a really cool funnel that we're doing, but I think the other part is just to make sure that your guy's business doesn't come home in a casket too. Everybody agree on that? So here's the deal is, you know, at the round table, it was really cool. Like I got to meet like so many of you guys, you guys are like super awesome. I showed up late and you guys were just waiting there. I was like, you guys are like fantastic. And they had all these drinks for me and they wanted to spill all these beans. I was like, this is awesome. And so, you know, I met a guy who had never heard of the term internet marketing before last night. I was like, man, why are you here? He goes, well, my best friend, he quit his job two weeks ago. And I said, how were you able to do that? And he said, it's internet marketing. He says, how do I do that? He goes, man, you need to go to Russell Brunson's event. And that's why he's here. You know, some of you guys are building funnels right now and you're, you're not even making your first dollar yet. You're just trying to figure it all out. There was others I talked to you that you got these funnels that are working and they're pretty profitable. And I'd say the rest of you are probably somewhere in between that. Cause everybody, everybody agreed to that? Yep. Okay. Perfect. So the thing I want to talk to you about is when I got started, here's my biggest three mistakes that I made that I do not want you to make. The first one was my mind wasn't in the right spot when I started out. I didn't know how much I wanted my business to make. I didn't know what the end goal was. I didn't know what it, like what it meant to have a business. I really didn't, I had the horse and the carriage, but not the reins to steer it. The second piece was I was buying all the product that Trey wanted to buy, not what my customers wanted to buy. Does that make sense? Third is I wasn't spending enough money on enough cold data to make enough practical decisions. You know, I see who's, who's in Facebook groups all over Facebook right now. And they're like, Oh man, I spent $10 yesterday on this like amazing Facebook campaign and I didn't make a conversion. I think it's, I think it's, I think it's not working. I'm out. Like $10 really? You're going off of that. But I was in the same boat. Like I was that dude. And so, you know, maybe some of you guys relate to that. And so I do a lot of mentoring. I have a mastermind that we have coaching programs for and I get a lot of cool people in there. I get novices. I get, I get rookies. I get, you know, all experienced people in the three mistakes that always keep, they're not really mistakes, but like people that they fall short on are these three when they approach us. Man, I don't even know where to begin. Like I see what these guys are doing up on stage. It's so cool. They're making lots of money, but I don't even know where to start. The other one is, man, Trey, you're awesome. Like that. You're doing such cool things. What product are you selling? That was the number two question I got last night. What product are you selling, man? Maybe I can go sell it. I was like, it doesn't matter, right? Because I don't have, they don't have a product. You don't have a product. I'm going to show you today how to get unlimited products. And third is my funnel doesn't look pretty, man. My face is going to be on that. My number is going to be on that. My brand, my name, I can't, I can't launch that to the world. It doesn't look pretty yet. Well, I guarantee you 100% by not launching, you will get zero sales. You will get zero sales from that. So the thing was, is when we're, when we're doing all this, you know, I was working this insurance gig. I was, I was an insurance agent two years ago selling property and cash play. And if there was one thing that I knew during that is I didn't want to be there anymore. I was awful. I was the worst life salesman ever. Like people didn't realize that you're going to die. I was like, you realize you're going to die. Yes, I do. Do you want life insurance? No, I don't think I need that yet. For some reason that didn't work for me. So I was awful, but I knew it. Like I had the boss coming in. I had, you know, all this stuff going on. And I'm like, man, this is so stressful. Like what is going on? What I knew though was I wanted out. I wanted out of the nine to five job. I wanted to go do my thing. And that was, that was the deal. And so as I started doing what every entrepreneur does, getting into the online marketing, you're looking right here that I got shiny object syndrome. I went into full shiny object syndrome. I started buying products. I started buying coaching. I started buying mentoring about knowledge, right? I started going buying knowledge into what I was looking to do as an entrepreneur and leaving the insurance world. And what I found was that realistically, it's really funny, but building funnels, how weird the sounds, but it's, it's really close to riding a bike. You know, I remember the day that I came home as a young kid, I was like 13 or I don't know how old it was. I came in, I come in the garage, I walk in the kitchen and there's my dad standing there and he's like, today's the day, son. Today's the day for what dad? Today's the day that we take your training wheels off. Really? Yeah. So we go onto the garage and we start taking the left star, the right side off the training wheel set. And we got that one done. And I remember, I remember working on the right side and I remember he kind of like disappeared for a minute. And I can remember like hearing this faint noise, this very similar faint noise and ticking noise in the back. I was like, I look around and over in the corner, my dad's bringing out a brand new green seven speed bike for me. Wow. Is that for me? Yeah, it's for you. So we got to go to where everybody goes and Hannibal is we went to the local middle school football field to where that's where you, that's where you learn to ride a bike. And we got down there, I'm checking everything out and making sure all the, you know, things are in place. I got my helmet clipped, it's ready to rock and roll. And my dad said, okay, you know what, all I need you concentrating on is pedaling and looking forward. So you just concentrate on pedaling before I'll handle the rest. So it was like every other dad does. He grabs the back of the seat. He grabs me and he said, on three we go. So it goes one, two, and we started going. And I remember to this day that over in the left was a soccer field of kids playing and over in the right, there's traffic going on. The birds are going crazy. And as we're going, as he started to go, it was almost like within an instant, the soccer field went silent. The traffic in the back went silent. And all I, all I felt was the wind on my face and the sound of the, the, the wheel going through the blades of grass is pure bliss. And little did I know that three steps into it, my dad had let go. I was self sustaining. I was self sustaining with that. And the thing is, is like what I'm getting at, why I tell that story is because just like you guys with knowledge, like you guys are seeing all these cool people up on stage. You guys are talking about all these really cool knowledge, knowledge stuff that's that people are selling and it's awesome stuff, right? It's all knowledge though. And what you need to understand is knowledge does not equal understanding. You see, I could have gone and talked to my friends who know how to ride a bike and be like, Hey man, how did you ride your bike? I could read books on riding a bike. I could have had mentors about riding a bike. But the thing was, is until I started to implement what I was learning as knowledge, I didn't have full understanding. The same thing with you guys is if you don't take what you're learning from up on stage or from what you guys are listening to or the, or the shiny objects that you're sent, that you're, that you're receiving, you won't have the full understanding until you start implementing. Does that make sense? So here's the deal. Today, I call it theory, I call it really theory in motion. So what it is, is I don't feel that I could stand up here and show you my funnel. Like that's really cool. I could give you that knowledge. But the reason what I want to do today is I want to give you not only the knowledge, but the first and foremost, full understanding of why it is that we do what we do. So that it's two things. It's knowledge plus understanding. So what I'm going to walk you through today is how I built a product funnel, just like Harriet Tubman built the underground railroad. Right, Carol? Thank you. Everybody's got on that one. So here's the deal. It's a long pause. I know we're getting it. We got it coming from. So theory in motion. So a lot of people, a lot of people used to know me, you know, when we were doing this thing and I'll get to this. But I, you know, the thing that people don't realize today, like, yeah, it's really cool to see this cat standing on stage and, you know, it looks good to be in a suit. But the thing is, like, when I meet people and they've heard of me or they've seen me or, you know, standing on stage, just whatever, but the thing is, is like, what they don't understand is what I was going through two years ago. And it might be similar to what you guys are going through today or last week or one month ago. You see, when I was doing the insurance gig and trying to get out, I was struggling, like struggling. I was $10,000 in debt. I didn't know, like, there was days that I would just come into the office and I would, I, like, I had to shut my office door and I had to get down on my knees because my knees wanted to buckle and I would sit there not knowing where the next payment was coming from, not knowing how I was going to feed my little boy that just was born. And everything in my body told me to give up. Stop what you're doing. It's stupid. Everybody else thinks it's so. But I said, you know what, body and mind, if I give up, then I got to start all over again. And the same thing goes for you. You have 24 hours in a day, just like I have 24 hours in a day. Just like an NFL player has 365 days to practice, just like Taylor Swift has 52 weeks in a year to figure out what vocals are singing, just like the president of the United States has 12 months to figure out what to do with this country, just like you have 24 hours to figure out what you're going to do. So the thing is, is stop making excuses for yourself and let the reasons solve your problems. And let the reasons solve themselves. Does that make sense? So a lot of people approached me, you know, on Facebook, how I started out, how some people started to get to know me, was I was making posts. I was saying, oh man, it's so cool, like Amazon mows my lawn. I hate mowing my lawn. Amazon mows my lawn. I'd make that post, Amazon mows my lawn today. Or Amazon paid me to go to Disneyland today. And that's pretty cool. That's really neat. So the thing was, is, you know, what they don't understand is with Amazon, is Amazon pays me maybe like 100 or 200 bucks as an affiliate. I'm the affiliate recommending to your guys as products that are in Amazon, and I make 3% on that. You know, Amazon, the front end of Amazon, the affiliate center reminds me of like the old mob flower shop, where you would walk in, and the public would walk in, they'd buy the flowers, and then they'd walk back out. That's the front end of Amazon affiliate center. But when I walk in, I say, you know what, I'll take the rose, but then I want to go downstairs and I want to see all the millions. So for what Amazon doesn't give you in commissions, it gives you in back end data. You see, Amazon allows you to understand, fully understand what your buyers are buying when you send them traffic. So when you're, what happens is when you send a cookie, when you're cooking someone on Amazon, the next 24 hours, Amazon keeps track of what they buy for the next 24 hours. And you get to keep that data. And the way I look at it is, is what's on the screen. Is in order for you to know what someone's going to buy, you first need to understand what they're currently buying. So in order for someone to buy from you, you first need to understand what it is that they're buying. And Amazon does a really good job of that. So here's how I do Amazon. Tell the Amazon affiliate sales. The first thing I do on those Amazon affiliate, the back end is the number one, is I look at what sold two or more units. Man, Trey, that doesn't seem like a lot. Really is for Amazon. They'll sell a lot of units. The second one, I made, I think I made a mistake here. This is actually supposed to be 3%. So I look at what items had a conversion of over 3% in sales. It'll tell you all this. Thirdly, I look to see if I can outsource it. I look to see if I can outsource the product or if it's something in China or if it's something here in the United States. So no one's ever shown this on stage. I don't know why, but here's what it looks like. Here's what the back end of the Amazon affiliate sales market looks like. You just sort however you want. You can export that data into an Excel sheet or whatever you want to do and do all kind of magical Excel things that I don't know how to do, but the big thing is those number three things. So the cool thing with Amazon, so imagine this. Imagine never investing in any inventory but having an unlimited inventory supply. That's pretty cool, huh? So how does that happen? Never investing in any inventory but having an unlimited inventory supply. We see Amazon does this for us. It's called arbitrage. Remember how I was talking about the people were doing the brands, like they weren't launching the funnels? Because there's ugly? If you want to see an ugly order form, boom, right there. So what we did, this is our first thing that we ever did, and I was hooked after this. So to get you out of the idea of what we're doing is Amazon sold these signs. It says warning due to price increase. I'm in the gun niche. Check this out. Bam. So did you get that on camera? Zoom in. That's a gun holster, but for markers. How cool. So warning shots. We're in the gun space, so we get cool things. So due to price increase on AMO, do not expect a warning shot. It was a little 10 sign. Amazon sold it for $69.98. But Trace special price today and today only is $13.95. That's kind of cool. So I built this order form, took a screenshot of the Amazon picture, flopped it up there, and put this amazing looking order form. Here's the cool thing. I posted it to my fan page, and within 10 minutes, I had 15 sales. 15th. I was like, it was coming in. I was hooked. I was like, oh, my gosh, people are crazy. They're buying the Trace special price, not Amazon price. The thing is, when someone gets into your funnel, they never go and compare prices. They trust you. We were building, why this order form worked so well is because we had built the trust on the Facebook page and in the emails to where they are coming to the order page and they're automatically in trust mode and they bought it from us. Oh, well, but Trace, what happens when they receive it from Amazon and then it shows the price inside the box? That's a good question. Amazon has a really nice feature. It's a little checkbox that says don't include the price in this box when you get it. Put it as a gift, please. Well, what about when they receive it in an Amazon box? They don't care. They don't care. They just want the product. They just want the product. So you see how this works? So here's how this was working. We went and found something on Amazon that's selling for six bucks. We put an order form up on our website for $13.95 and then when someone comes over and orders it on our order form, we make the $13.95. I go over to Amazon with my credit card. I type in the numbers and I change the shipping address from my address to the customer's address. Millions of dollars are waiting for you to be able to do that. It's absolutely phenomenal. So when we're doing all this data, we're going through it all and we found that a lot of people were really interested in oil, gun oil. So we did all the research and here's the funnel that I want to show you. This is the funnel that we're doing 2K a day on. It's an oil product. It's actually made in the United States, not China. So it's Wolf oil. So in ClickFunnels, this is ClickFunnels. Are you guys familiar with ClickFunnels? It's kind of a cool thing. They should call it ClickTunnels. But you know, for the Underground River. So with OptinPage, the claim one free ounce of premium wolf oil, what we did is we used an image. So I used an image versus video. You know why? Because mobile users, when they click on the video, it pulls it to the full screen, right? And then what do they got to do? Once they watch the video, they go back to the OptinPage. We lost conversions. So we went for an image. So until that's ever fixed, we'll probably always stick with images. The white background, man, I keep everything white. I don't do the gray stuff. That's kind of crazy. Headline, that sells everything. And then basically the button is always green. Green means go in this society. So we made it green. So here's the deal. The more you have someone click, I learned this at a very early age when I was like 18. It's like a year ago. So like the more you have someone click, the more sales, you lose. Think about that. The more sales, and that goes with scrolling too. The more you have someone scroll or the more you have someone click, the more sales you lose. The more harder it is to get to that order form to put in the credit card information, the harder you're making it for a transaction. So just kind of keep that in mind. So here's the template of ClickFunnels. And what we've done here is we, ClickFunnels template, the sales funnel is squeeze page, sales page, then order confirmation. We actually negate the sales page. We've already pre-sold them on the item that they're buying on the Facebook page, right? Or in the email. We're like, hey, man, this is really cool oil. It's free. You want it? Yeah, I do. It's like a, it's a no-brainer, either they do or don't. I don't need to go selling on them. If I'm selling on them, I'm doing it on the squeeze page. So we take out the sales page because as you know, if I made them click one more time, I'm losing sales. So we go squeeze page to order form. So how would you guys like to see my order form? Those X's represent all the changes we're going to make in five minutes, to this order form. And we're going to just butcher this whole thing up. So this is the order form, what it looks like currently in ClickFunnels. And we're going to show you what we've done over, oh man, I think $200,000 in ad spend over, I can't even tell you how many clicks, ton of clicks, to where we've just been split testing every little thing to just keep on raising that conversion. And now we use the same order form on everything that we sell and the conversion sticks throughout. Sticks throughout, it's always 13%. So you guys ready to go through these changes? Five minutes? So 23 order page changes in five minutes, that'll have you converting. All right, so take a good look at this. I'm going to stay over here because I'm going to flop back because you guys, I know you guys have like zero memory like me. All right, so the first thing we're going to do is we're going to delete that top banner. Boom. See that top banner? No reason for it. You're not increasing, so these are what we found, okay? So if like 108 conversions, there's like a book out there by somebody. If he says like there's something different, that might have worked for him. That's Russell's, right? Everybody knows that. It's like, you guys are keeping up with me. All right, so these are the changes that we found that works for just us, okay? And hopefully it'll work for you guys too. So we take off the lock button in the award thing that actually decreased conversions when we had it on there. So when we took it off, like we got Skyrock. I don't know if it looked fake or like why, but whatever. And then change the button to green. Concurrency is great, right? Green button on the opt-in page. Why not a green button on the order page? This is the order form. But as you saw on the left side, I love mere congruency. So on the left side, there was a white background. So I want a white background on the right side. If you look at it very closely and it's weird, like people get like notifications in their mind that something's not right. One of those would be the corners, the corner edges of the right side versus the left. The left side had round edges. The right side had square edges. So we turned it to round. 10x radius. And lastly, there's a shadow on the left. So we're going to make a shadow on the right at the bottom there. We delete the order summary at the bottom. So in the template, it actually has your delivery updated. So it's dynamically updated. So it's whatever they're ordering. And then they do another one. It's like, hey, here's what you just picked. Are you really sure you want to do that? It's like re-confirming what they just made a decision for. There's no real reason to do that that we found. I absolutely hate divider lines. We've done a lot of mouse flow. We use mouse flow in our funnels. We found that people actually stop at divider lines. The mouse is like, there's like a hesitation at each divider line to where mentally they're just slowing it down. So I try to take out as many divider lines as I can. The one that we took out on this presentation was the one above the credit card statement. Next is, you guys want to hear something funny? The public of the United States people don't know how to spell United States. I'm not joking. They do it. It's either one word, it's all caps, it's all lowercase, some capitals, it's either USA, US, U, something other like, you know, whatever. We were losing 5%. We were getting 5% failed transactions because the public couldn't spell United States on our forms. I about fell out of my chair when that came in. Like I'm like, why are we failing? Oh, the country was wrong. What do you mean? We only sell the United States. What country are they trying to put in there? US of A? All right. Well, apparently, Stripe doesn't like periods. So the thing is, is we took out country, boom, 5%. 5% of all orders. It's a lot of orders when you're doing thousands of orders a day. That's a lot of sales when you increase. So that will only work, obviously, if you're only selling the United States. So you kind of heard Perry talk about, he only does United States. We only do United States. So if you're doing our country, you kind of got to figure that out on your own. Oh, this is kind of fun. People don't like to buy things. Funny, isn't it? Well, you mean people don't like, people like to receive things. So if you can create the presentation of you're receiving something from us versus like a buying attitude, oh man, your whole funnel will become a different nature. It'll become a different beast. So what I mean by that? So we went and changed, so it said billing address on the left on number two, we changed it to shipping address. Hey, man, what do you want it shipped to? I don't want to bill you. Billing means you got to pay me, right? What do you want it shipped to? Second was on number three, it said checkout. Well, I changed checkout to select quantity. How many do you want, man? What do you want me to send? How many do you want? Like, let's get, like, I get them excited, right? These guys are excited. They're not excited about buying something. They're excited about receiving something. The last part is at the bottom of each funnel, this is very important. At the bottom of every funnel page, we have our address and our phone number. It's actually much bolder than what it looks like on here. It's very clear. We've actually increased the size to make sure we get phone calls. If you are not putting a phone number to call you or your office on your order pages, you are crazy. You are absolutely insane by not doing so. So with this, the other piece I like to do is I like to have pictures of, you know, branded logos that I've never even touched. One is a great one, the United States Postal Service. That's who we mail through. So we tap their logo on there, whoo, with the trust, right? People started trusting us a lot. They loved it. So we like to have pictures reassuring what they're ordering and who we're doing it through. Button confirming, man, you guys know who Sean Lineman is, actually, Lineman sitting right down here. He's an amazing guy. Should follow him on Periscope. Here's the thing. Is this dude told me one day, he's like, you need to reconfirm what they just selected on the button. I was like, are you serious? Yeah. Tell them, get them excited on the button, not buy it now, not place your order, add to cart. Tell them what, like, man, yes, I want, send me that oil, right? They're excited. They're pumped. Just keep that in mind. So when we started confirming on the button, what they just ordered, skyrocketing conversions. Here's a funny thing. Remember that phone number I was talking about? This came important about this time right here. So we had a scarcity timer on the bottom below the order button where we were adding a timer, we were doing a two day, we found that when we were selling t-shirts at the two day mark, we had the most highest sales, the highest conversions on our sales. So when we were doing that, we got a phone call. God calls that. And our avatars are like a veteran. So they're so funny. Bless their hearts. But they're funny. All you guys, awesome. So he calls and he's like, hey, can I still buy oil? And I took the phone calls like, what would make you think that you could not buy oil? He's like, well, the timer says zero. I ran out of time. I mean, are you serious? Did you try? No, I didn't even try putting my order number. I just want to make sure I could still buy. It said zero. I thought I ran out of time. Okay. So how many other people have done that over the past hundred thousand visits that we just received? So in this setting, I have it in red here, make sure instead of resetting after two days, you reset it automatically. If it's not, if you're doing like a scarcity thing, like we use the scarcity, we say it's two days and it runs out and but make sure it's resetting. Okay. Don't make that same mistake. Mobile and desktop, they change dynamically differently through click funnels. So you need to make sure that you're ready for both. We run a lot of mobile traffic. We run a lot of desktop traffic. You have to be ready for both. So what we do is we add a headline, so an image at the top that reconfirms what they're ordering. So this is a bottle of oil plus they're receiving some cleaning videos. So on a desktop, this looks really clean. Looks really clean. Like you guys are seeing on a desktop right now. But when you see it on mobile, that image at the top gets really squeezed and you can't see it anymore. So that's why we had to add the text reconfirming. So basically all it says is, you know, you get your oil today, you get a book, you get all this other stuff and it's really great. So how about a weight loss before and after picture? Pretty big difference, huh? Massive conversions. So you guys are writing like frantic notes. I'm surprised you're like your leads aren't on fire. So would you just like to have this template? Like just creating that. So guess what click funnels does? It allows you to share your funnels. Did you guys know that? I can give you guys a link and it's like you click the link and then you got what I got and you're like, Hey, what's up? You know, like, I'm gonna go make money. You go do some cool things. So here you go. So let's let's we got like two minutes on the clock. Let's take our numbers out. Our phones out real quick. Text this number. It's the click numbers, the click phone number 6785067543 just text Mr. On It. Good Lord. Hopefully you guys can all spell that. Mr. On It one word, all caps. That'd be great. And I'm going to get so you'll get it. You're getting email. Just it'll just send you an email real fast and it'll say, um, it'll just give you the link to that to that funnel. And then you'll, oh, you'll get the PowerPoint slides too that we just did. So you can kind of like walk it through. You guys want to see you guys all got that? Tell a quick joke. All right. So here we go. So what what you want, you guys want to know what I sell. You guys are going to believe this. So I love, I love girl. I love women. Women are my best buyers and my best client because of this, because I get a kick out of every time. But the thing that I sell the most or that I sell after they order, guess what I sell after they order something or product of mine, it's always the second, always the first upsell. Does anybody know it's the same thing? I just sell them more of what they just bought. I'm like, Hey, do you want 10, 10 necklaces? The girls are like, yes, I want 10 necklaces. And then like, they're so excited that they just bought 10 necklaces. I'm like, pretty sure they bought the whole office one. And then I'm like, why would they buy anymore? But sure enough, they do. I'm like, the next page is like, do you want more of those? Yes, I do. You didn't give me enough on the first page. 35% do it. 35% women do it. Love those girls. I'm like, you make me so much money. So here's a cool concept. So we're doing this oil funnel is like, what would go really good with an oil funnel? And it was a cleaning cows like why not a cleaning kit? That'd be kind of cool. And so you know what I did? I went to Walmart. I went down to Walmart. I found this really cool cleaning kit. This one up here is 20 bucks. So I brought back to the office, we took all these pictures. And I said, I closed my eyes like, what would I pay for this? I was like, I think I'll pay 60. So I put it for 60 bucks. So I made 40 on the 20. We had a 10% conversion. So you know what we do? We get an order, we go to Walmart, unlimited inventory, we pick one up for 20 bucks. Someone just gave us 60, put in a package and ship it off. That pretty amazing. So then once we figure out that it works, we just call the wholesaler and say, hey, you're selling them for 20 at at Walmart. What can we get them for? And usually 15. So here's the thing. Here's the, here's the funnel stats of what you're kind of looking at on that funnel. So 100,000 hits, 70% opt-in. So we get 70,000 emails for every 100,000 hits order page. We're getting at about 9,100 orders. It's converting at 13% upsell page. Like I said, the women are awesome. They do a 38% of buying more of what they just bought in oil. Same thing works for the gun guys. Like guys are in it too, right? They buy, they buy more oil. And so 30, 3400 orders on that. And here's the cool thing. Like a lot of people when they're doing their stats, like the upsell page to they take the percentage of the number prior with click funnels, it's a full stream through, right? Everybody who saw, who did the order will see more than likely that the second upsell anyways. So you're taking the percentage. So it's 10% of the 9,100. So it's 880. Or I'm sorry. Yeah, the 91. Yeah. So over, over, that's night, that's 13,000 transactions we're creating per 100,000 hits on that funnel. Pretty cool. So here's what I'm going to leave you with you guys today. In about 10 minutes, Mr. Brunson is going to come up here and give away that big guy to some person. Right? But the truth of the matter is, is that every single one of you deserve it. Every single one of you. You know the secret? It's becoming committed to being dedicated to being on your business. And when you do so, you'll find yourself on a green bike with a wind blowing in your hair and the noise of the blades in your impure bliss. Thanks guys. There's few people on earth that understand funnels better than this man. And there's few people on earth who know how to market and drive leads from a ton of different sources than him. And I have so much respect for him. And so he's agreed to give us a presentation about that right now. So is that exciting for you guys? Want to hear it? All right. Thank you as far as together and Todd's going to be up. So we go guys. Cool. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much. So yeah, I'm going to share with you guys how we, we drove something like 3,500 books for Russell. And I'm going to show you how we did it without having a massive list. You know, my company, this particular company is about 24 months old, maybe 26 months old. And so I'm going to show you how we were able to do this. And more importantly, how you can use the same process, the same blueprint, the same approach to drive 100 or 200 click funnels users. Really what I'm going to, what I'm going to share with you is, let me see if this is, if this is it. So yeah, and really the thing that I want you to keep in mind as I go through this and, and I have to crank because they've given me like a window of time like this. And so the thing that I want you to really think about as I share this with you is that, yes, you can absolutely apply this blueprint to get 100 or 200 click funnels users. You can also use this same approach that I'm going to share with you to promote your own product in a competitive marketplace. If there are lots of individuals that are, that are promoting a, a similar product, or if you're an affiliate and there are lots of individuals that are promoting the exact same product, what it is that I'm going to share with you is extremely effective. Now let me just say this, that what you're going to see is, yeah, you're going to see we worked our tail off. There's no doubt about it. You know, I got a couple of my guys on our team with me. We worked our, our tail off. And so I, you know, I would love to sit here and say that this was easy and simple and fast. But we, we, we worked our tail off. If you're willing to do the things that the average marketers aren't willing to do, you'll crush them. Right. If you're willing to do the things that they're not willing to do and go the distance, you will dominate. And so everything that you're, that you're going to see here doesn't require a sophisticated team or anything like that. In fact, it was kind of funny this morning, just to show you the lack of sophistication on our team. So the, first of all, two of my guys are here last night. They sent me a picture. They're sharing a room and they sent me a picture of a fort that they built in their, in their room. And then this morning, when we were on our way here, I said, Hey man, make sure that you, you know, make sure that you, you take some pictures. And he goes, of you? Yeah, of me. So no, no sophistication needed here. And so the, the first thing, the first thing that I want to share with you guys is that we started promoting Russell's book before the book was available. So we actually started building kind of a, a waiting list, if you will, a seed list. And, and so we, we initially used this ad over here and we drove to that page on the right. And, and so then what we did was when this was early, this I think was about four to six weeks before the, before the launch began. And I'm going to go through everything that we did and then I'm going to give you guys the takeaways in the end, the application. And so we started promoting. And then what happened was Facebook flagged the ad. So Facebook didn't, they didn't like the, the, the book like in our ads for us, they flagged the ad. How many of you guys have been flagged on Facebook for an ad that, right? And it's becoming more and more prevalent, more and more difficult to get ads approved. And so I had to think of another strategy that we were going to use to promote this book. I knew that we were going up against people like Jeff Walker, excuse me, a good, a friend. I knew we were going up against GKIC, you know, Dan Kennedy's crew and a bunch of other big companies. And so I said, look, I can't, we're not going to be able to compete with them simply on the sheer size of our list or, you know, their, their lists are just so much bigger than ours right now. And so we need to be able to leverage paid traffic. And so I immediately began to think about the other types of content, the other types of information that we could use, that we could advertise that would be a great lead in to Russell's book. In other words, I had to think about who is the market? Who's the target audience for Russell's book? And what is alternative content, alternative information that I can deliver? What is alternative value that I could give the market that would excite them, that would put them in front of my content that I could then use to lead them into the book offer? And so that was really the genesis of our, of the rest of our promotion. And the thing that I want you to think about, I want to share with you one of the best, most valuable lessons that I learned about creating funnels. And this is so important. So please pay attention to this. This was a lesson that I learned from Mark Ford, Michael Masterson. If any of you guys aren't familiar with Michael Masterson, you should immediately go to Amazon. He is the, his pen name is Michael Masterson, his real name is Mark Ford. He is the mastermind, if you will, behind Agora, which is a half a billion dollar a year information marketing behemoth, a company that is the largest company in the world when it comes to publishing alternative health and financial newsletters. And he taught me this principle of, of, of first and foremost, identifying the, the awareness level of your prospects. Right. And Mark talks about it. It really originates from Gene Schwartz, by the way, if you guys, whoever has not read the book, Breakthrough Advertising, you have to go and read that book. You got to get it. You should read that book at least once a year, hands down, bar none, best marketing book ever published. Well, there's this idea that, you know, there, there's a level of awareness that prospects have in any market about their problem, about solutions, about your product, about the various products out in the marketplace. There are five different levels, and they range from the most aware to least aware. Now the, the easiest to sell is the most aware. It's the individual that knows either they've got a problem, they know exactly what they want, they know about the competition, they know about the other offers out there, they know about you, they know about your company, and they're ready to buy. And at that level, what it becomes about is what's the deal, what's the, what's the offer, right? And then all the way at the bottom, let's go to the other end, you've got the least aware. Least aware are individuals that aren't even aware that they have a problem or need, right? So let's say we're going to be talking about click funnels in just a second. It's individuals that don't even realize they have a need for an application like click funnels. They don't, you know, they're not aware of, you know, they're not even thinking about struggling to put up web pages. They're not, they're not even thinking about that. And because they're not even thinking about that, they're not thinking about solutions, right? So they're not even thinking about any kind of solutions or options. They're not searching out there. They're not looking at lead pages or whatever, these other crazy applications, right? They're completely unaware. Obviously that is the most difficult segment to sell, right? But here's the thing. Here's the thing that Mark taught me. He said it's the most difficult part of the market to sell, but it is where the big money is in every market, right? Because the majority of marketers, the majority of companies, the majority of affiliates out there go after the higher levels of awareness. In other words, the typical click funnels affiliate is going to go out there and is going to market click funnels. It's going to talk about this application click funnels and why it's great and why you want to use it. And in essence, what they're doing is they are only, they're only communicating with the individuals that are at the top level of awareness, right? There are other individuals that haven't thought yet about the need for a tool like click funnels. And with the right content, with the right education, with the right funnel, they can be led to understand why, why click funnels is exactly what they need, why they do have a problem that this solution can solve and solve better than anything else. And so where the money is and where the opportunity is, is in the lower levels of awareness, which I'm going to show you in just a bit. So this is, in example, this is one of the kind of, this is one of the legs of the promotion that we ran. Again, I needed to, number one, figure out a new way, a new path, a new piece of content that I can advertise on Facebook that would be totally compliant with Facebook. And I also wanted something that I could put out in front of the market that wasn't necessarily thinking about Russell's book, thinking about click funnels. And so this is just an example of a simple native ad and a native page, right? Where we gave, this is, you know, we called it the top three marketing books. This thing drove a tremendous amount of traffic, right? So we were able to start with people that are interested in a, in phenomenal marketing books, right? And then we retargeted them and we were able to lead them through a process. And you'll understand more about that in just, in just a bit. But that was an example of one of the ads. And that was, that's a screenshot of the, of the page. Then what I did was I ran a Google Hangout. And we run both Google Hangouts and, and webinars. I believe that there is a different strategic purpose for a webinar and a Google Hangout. So just for example, when we work with partners on promotions, typically what we do, like if we, if we have a partner that is, let's say we're, we're going to promote a partner and we're doing a midweek webinar. Well, at the beginning of the week, we do a Google Hangout, where the partner comes on with me. It's kind of like an intro, kind of like meet and greet, tease what's going to be on the webinar, free content for the list. Then, then we do the replay the next day of that Hangout. Then we go into the webinar, then we do replay of the webinar, and then we end with a Q&A Hangout. And what it does is, number one, when you start with the Hangout, it, it kind of gets the, the, hey, I'm just meeting this person for the first time out of the way. In other words, when we get to the midweek webinar, which is where the sales happen, right, prospects the individual showing up to the webinar, they've already, they've already met the guest. And so we use both Hangouts and webinars. In this instance, I did a Hangout from my home office, where I shared the top 10 marketing books, my top 10 favorite marketing books, and the biggest transformational lesson that I got from each. And so for me, this was another opportunity to market to our house list. It was another opportunity to advertise on Facebook, totally compliant content, gave me the ability to deliver value, gave me the ability to bond, gave me the ability to teach, and gave me the ability to promote Russell's book, right? Because, of course, Russell's book was one of the books that, that I talked about. And so we had the opportunity to, to leverage that. And then of course, after that, we continued to run traffic for the replay. So while we were running the campaign, the native campaign for the top three books, we were also running the replay for this particular, this particular Hangout. Then we had a page that we started to create dedicated pages for targets for audiences. This was an example of a page that we used when we targeted Tony Robbins fans. So we were targeting Tony Robbins fans. We had, this was one of the images that we used. We, I checked with Russell first before rolling with this, and we sent to a page that had the Tony Robbins quote, little things, not a major, right? Like no, nothing earth shattering here, nothing brilliant here, but these little things that will, will jack up conversions rather than simply having one single page that you try to use with everybody, right? You target, what are these people want to see? How can we have more congruence from the ad to the landing page? How can we give the landing page more credibility, right? For that particular audience. And so that was an example of, of, of what we ran. And let me just say this so that you guys know, you guys should, if, if you don't do this now, you have to do this, whether you run a massive campaign to get a hundred click funnel users, or you're, you're, you're doing these kinds of campaigns for your own business, you've got to track everything. You have to track, you have to know for every dollar that you're putting in to your business, how much money are you making back? You have to track. So in this instance, right? I'll, I'll tell you, I'm not shy to, to share it. I buzzed Russell and I said, Hey, Russell could, would you put a tracking pixel on the thank you page for me? I don't know if any other affiliate asked that. I don't know if any partner was thinking at that level, but I was like, if we're going to do this big and we're going to be able to scale up our media buying, we need to track it. I need to know what's working and what's not working. So Russell, we had actually a conversion pixel from Facebook put on. Russell did that for us so that we can track and our internal click tracking software we were using to track every single campaign that we were doing in the end. So we could see what it was costing us to, to, to generate a sale. And so you got to track everything. The next thing, this was another ad that we used for the same, for the same page. Then what I did was, and this was probably, this was the most enjoyable part for me of the entire, of the entire sequence. So what, what we did was we, I asked Russell if he would do a hangout. Again, like I don't, I don't know if other partners, other affiliates, you know, we're, we're interested in doing this. If they asked, you know, like, look, I don't participate in very many launches or promotions at all. In fact, this is only the second one that we've ever done. And, and I don't know how many others will, will really be doing. And so I wanted to go the distance and I knew that I could add value to the marketplace and listen to me carefully here. Okay. I knew that I could add value to the marketplace while promoting, right? Like one of the things, one of the philosophies that we bring into everything that we do at marketing funnel automation is through the marketing, I want to deliver value, right? I want to deliver value. I want, I want prospects to walk away from our marketing and say like, wow, I would have paid for that. Like that was so good. That's better than some paid programs. Right. I first learned that from a legendary copywriter, Gary Benzavanga. This was a guy, Gary Benzavanga was a guy, multi-million dollar copywriter, a guy that wrote copy for some of the biggest companies, biggest direct response companies in the world that could not be beat. He, he, he couldn't be knocked off the control for years. His controls ran year after year after year. He could not be beat. One of the things that he talked about, one of the major keys to his success was that he said every campaign was valuable. Every campaign delivered value. So for me, this was another opportunity to get Russell on and look, this wasn't a fluff piece, right? This wasn't like, let me get Russell on and let me simply interview him about why the, why the book is great and how super duper it is and why everybody should buy it. No, it, it wasn't that at all. I asked Russell questions like that. I knew nobody else had asked them. Like, tell me what didn't you put in the book, right? What didn't you include in the book? Tell me about like, what would you do differently in the book now? Like what, what information did you, do you feel like you left out? Tell me about your failures in marketing. Like let's talk about the things, right? To deliver value. This hangout got us more positive feedback just because of the nature, the quality, the depth of the, the, the time that we, we spend together. And look, the thing that I also want you to understand that I want you to think about is that throughout this entire process, understand that we're still as a company outside this promotion, we're still reaping massive value. We're reaping massive value because I'm getting to educate and teach and share my passion, right? And give value, right? So on the, the, the book hangout, right? It was like a three hour hangout or something like that where I was teaching marketing and in that context, I was promoting in this, it was a great educational, valuable piece. So bonding with people and we were retargeting everybody. So we walked away after the launch, not only having gotten Russell 3500 buyers or whatever it was for the book, but we have massive retargeting lists. We, we pixeled a massive number of people. So I just want you to think about the, the, the value of all this. Of course, immediately after somebody registered that little page off to the side was the thank you page. So right, we weren't just waiting for them to attend the event after they registered for the, the hangout. They got an opportunity to grab the book underneath the hangout page. When we were doing the hangout live, there was a button right there the whole time. And then, and then of course, like I said, we ran a replay. This was retargeting. So everybody that came, that was the ad that we used for retargeting. Everybody that visited the page and didn't register. We, we retargeted and sent them right back to the replay page where they didn't have to opt in at all. This is then an example of, I, I stripped out a piece of the video of the, of the hangout. So I did this three hour hangout for, for the books, right? The top 10 books. And so what I did here was I repurposed a segment of that hangout. I just took out the segment where I talked about Russell's book. And at this point, now Russell's book was getting, there was a lot of buzz. There were more and more people that were promoting on Facebook. And so I took out that segment and said, look, look inside the book. Let me show you my notes. Let me, you know, look, take a peek inside the, inside the book. This was one of the ads that we ran. And that was the, the page that we used. Then what we did in the end was, and if there was one thing that I would do differently today with this promotion to, to make up the 38 books or whatever it was that we felt short, it is, we rolled out a killer bonus offer. So I, I got my buddy, Rich Sheffrin, to agree to a little kind of coaching program. I asked Russell, if it was cool, I asked Russell if he would participate in one of the weeks. And so we put together a four week coaching program that we called the dot com secrets implementation program. And it, it, the idea was we're going to walk you through Russell's methodologies, the takeaways from the book, the things that I think and Rich think you really need to, to know. And what we're going to do is we're going to give it to you for free for those of you that take advantage of, of the, of the book offer. And I said, I reached out to Russell. Now, this was about four days, we had four days to go, four or five days to go in the promotion. And so I said, wow, I reached out to Russell and I said, Hey, what about the people that bought a book already that like, you know, like, is there a way that, you know, we could allow them like, how does, how does that work? You know, and he said, you know, roll with it. We'll, you know, don't worry about it. We'll figure it out after. But so we rolled out this four week coaching program. And then we ran extensive Facebook ads. So what you'll see here, that ad was, was like the last day, we had like every day for four days, it was being updated, representing the time counting down. So the ad was driven off of, off of scarcity. The ad on the right is, was the retargeting ad. So the people that hit this page that didn't, that didn't buy, didn't get the book. They were, they were retargeted. This is really cool, actually. This, I'll share this with you. I just wanted to include one email. Obviously we had a tremendous amount of email sequences going out, a ton of segments throughout the whole thing. We were sending a whole bunch of emails. This email, which is, it's the top part of the email, got the biggest response of any email that we sent out throughout the entire promotion. And the thing that I want you to see is this went out to clients of, of, of, of marketing funnel automation. And excuse me. So that, at the top of that email was an image. It was an actual image, but it, it's, it's a picture of Rich Sheffrin, you know, and, and I talking. And it pre-populated each client's name right in the image. So it was a personalized image. It wasn't, you know, like, it was an image. So, you know, I believe, and so it would say, you know, is, you know, is Henry, is Henry on the list? I sure hope so. Right. Is Jim on the list? And Jim's open in the email. And so it served as, to me, in my mind, a pattern interrupt, right? It was, it was something that like the subject line, first of all, I knew was going to get the open, right? So not, you know, not seeing Bob on the list, right? I knew it was going to get, and it got crazy opens. And then I felt like that image was going to be an immediate pattern interrupt to, to, to grab their attention and say, how the heck did he do this? And I'll tell you the way, the way we did it, I think the plugin is called, it's like a plug in that, that we have, I think it's called email, email image magic, I think that's it, email image magic that allows you to do just that. So boom, put the image in and it can put, no, it's no, it's, it's, it is platform agnostic. So we use infusion soft, but you don't have to use infusion, it's a plugin for WordPress. So if you use a webber or get response, whatever, you can, you can use it pretty crazy. And so now we started using it in all kinds of weird, weird ways. We just did a promotion just to give you, we just did a promotion for a new product that we launched and we sent out an email to clients giving clients a discount on the, on the particular product. And right in the email, we had an image of a coupon. It was like a full blown cool image with their first and last name right in the image, right? And so everybody, that coupon was customized for right in the, right in the email. And then what I did on the last day is I finished up with a, a Q and A hangout. So last day, Q and A hangout, where I just took questions about marketing questions about questions about the book questions about the coaching offer. And I'll tell you that, that we do this now with, we end our launches, our live promotions on the last day with a hangout. So for when, when we launched the six figure funnel formula last year, we did like an eight hour hangout where we had guests one every hour on the hour for our recent launch. We did it for this, we did it. It's, see, the, here's the thing that I want you to, that I want you to think about. And of course that was the exit pop thing when they went to the exit intent thing. And so here's the thing that I want you to think about. Okay. And I'm, this is going to be one of these four points, but I'm going to, I'm going to tie this all together for you in terms of, in terms of, so how do you use all this craziness that I just shared with you to get a hundred click funnel users, right? Like how, where does the, where does that tie in together? And so the, the first thing that I want you to understand is that, that my approach with this is the way I approach the length of a funnel. People ask me all the time, clients ask me all the time, they'll say things like, you know, when, when should I end the funnel? You know, like, all right, so should the funnel be seven days? Should it be 10 days? Should it be 20 days? Like when do I know it's time to, to end the funnel? And my response is always when you don't have anything new of value to say, it's time to end the conversation, right? It's time to end the funnel. When all you would be doing going forward is hammering the list is simply just trying to hammer them over the head with the same offer, the same thing, trying to get them to take the same action. And you have nothing new to say of value. That's when it's time to end the funnel. But if you have something new to say, something new to add, you have another piece of content that you can give them, you have additional value that you can deliver, keep going. So the thing, right? That's why, you know, you got guys like, let's say Ben Settle, great email copywriter, phenomenal email copywriter. This is a guy who's able to send out, you know, five emails a week and has done that for years now. And he promotes the same freaking product in every email. But it's, it's cool because he's adding value and he's got new content. He's got something additional to bring. Right. And so that's the way I looked at this. I was constantly thinking of new pieces of content that would interest the market, that would be of interest to the market that I could leverage and then segue into the book offer. Right. Does that make sense? So, well, these were supposed to pop up one at a time, but so the first thing that I want you to do, and I want you to expand your thinking a little bit. I want you to expand your thinking for a second. The first thing that you want to do is you want to list five related, but not prime market segments. What I mean by not prime is, you know, when the typical ClickFunnels affiliate, what the typical ClickFunnels affiliate thinks about or who the typical ClickFunnels affiliate thinks about when they think about, well, who am I going to promote this to? Is they think about the prime segments. They think about the individual that is looking for a great tool. Right. Like the perfect person for me to sell is, excuse me, is the prospect that is on the hunt for a great tool. They're not happy with their other tool and they're ready to buy a new tool. That's what I call a prime segment. That is high on the awareness level. That's where you will find the most amount of competition. I knew in this example with this promotion, I knew that the amount of partners were going to be coming out of the woodwork and they were all going to be up on those higher levels. So you want to look for market segments that are not necessarily people at the stage where they are looking for a tool. Maybe it's the individual that is simply not happy with the amount of leads that they generate. They're not at the point yet where they're aware of the different solutions out there. They're just aware of their problem. They're aware of their problem. They're not at the point yet where they're ready to think about solutions. And so you're able to go in and pick up where they're thinking. They're thinking about the problem and you're able to lead them through, through educationally, you're able to lead them through and show them that there's a good shot that it's linked to the number of pages that you have, the type of pages that you have, your ability to be prolific with the pages, get new front end funnels out there. And so you want to look for these non-prime segments that you can tap into. Now let me just say this really quick. I've got three minutes. The thing to understand with awareness level is this. The lower on the awareness level, the more education they need. The individual that is looking for a tool, is aware of click funnels, is contemplating click funnels, lead pages, optimize press. I'm not sure that person requires less education than the person who isn't even aware of their, of the need for a tool. And so the type of funnel that we put them through is different based on the amount of education that they need. The thing that I want you guys to take away, and I'll be around if you guys have some specific questions about this, but the thing that I want you to take away is that you look for those lower, lower levels. You look for the opportunity to find these segments in the marketplace where we can create additional content, where you can create additional content that you can bring that content to those different segments, that that segment will find valuable and interesting that we can then use to lead them into the click funnels offer. A business that's not making enough sales. That's an example of a lower awareness level. They're not necessarily looking for a tool. They're not necessarily in the market for click funnels or optimized press, but we could certainly put a piece of education out there in front of them about being prolific with their funnels and the right way to design their funnels. Here's a great tool to do it. That's a segment lower on the awareness level. You want to think of five additional content pieces. Don't simply think I'm a click funnels affiliate. I'm just going to go out there. I'm going to run an ad that says, hey, the best funnel creation software, go here and link them to the click funnel site. That's not the way you do. You'll do big numbers. That's dealing with the high levels of awareness. I'm going to take the low levels, and I'm going to put something out in front of them that they bite on, that they find interesting, that I can then use to segue into the offer. Then strive to develop one or more superior over the top bonus offers. I'm not a huge fan of doing bonuses when it comes to affiliate promotions, but the reality is it works. The better, more superior your bonus offer is, the better your response is going to be. The criteria that you should use when you're developing these bonuses is what bonus would make this a no-brainer? What bonus would be so freaking valuable that this person would be out of their mind to pass up on this? What bonus is more valuable than the actual core offer itself, in this case, in click funnels? A no-brainer, irresistible, over-the-top offer. I said over here one or more because depending on those lower market segments, you could come up with a different bonus offer. If you really want to do big numbers, you want Russell to pay for that car for you. You have a different bonus offer for the different segments. You have this piece of content that you dangle out in front of how flower shop owners can grow their business with an automated online marketing system. They come to a Google Hangout or a webinar and we educate them, leading them through the process to click funnels. Then we drop a killer over-the-top bonus offer for flower shop owners that they get when they sign up for a membership at click funnels. That's how you'll kill it. That's how you'll crush it. Last is you've got to be willing to pay for traffic. I'll tell you that. And then I got a gift for you. Then I got to wrap this bad boy up. I'll tell you that the single best, one of the most transformational lessons that I learned, like there was a time when I was trying to get traffic, trying to grow my business organically. I was trying to do, I was doing, don't even ask, I was so knee deep in this SEO thing. It's crazy with different servers and it was insane. And it just was never clicking. It was never happening. I was never able to see this growth in traffic. And it wasn't until I had a conversation with Rich Sheffrin maybe about 10 years ago where he looked at me and he simply said to me, he said, until you can afford to pay for the acquisition of a customer, you don't have a business until you can afford to pay for the acquisition of a customer, you don't have a business, you simply have a promotion. And so I share that with you just because you've got to be willing to invest in traffic. You've got to be willing to invest in the acquisition of a customer. The, all else being equal, the, the marketer who is willing to invest the most will win the game, not the least. The marketer that says, the marketer that goes out on Facebook and brags about the fact that, hey, I don't pay for marketing at all. All my marketing is organic and, and, and, and, and generated naturally that marketer is an idiot. That's not the biggest marketers are looking to invest the most amount of money possible every month. I want to grow our, our allocation toward traffic every single month. I want to invest the most amount that I possibly can. You guys have an awesome tool in, in ClickFunnels and you have arguably one of the best books on marketing that have been published in years, right? And so you guys have what it is that you need the knowledge and the tools to create a funnel that will allow you to turn a dollar of traffic into a dollar of new customers and leads. Your job now is to scale your traffic, is to pump more and more, and more, and more money into that system. And so you've got to be willing to, to do that. And so last but not least, if you guys want to copy of the pages, the whole share thing inside of ClickFunnels, like all the pages that we used were done in ClickFunnels. So if you want a, if you want the link to get all those pages that we used, and there was others that I just didn't have the time to, to share with you guys, that's go there and you'll, you'll get the, we'll send you the link and, and you'll be good to go. I'll leave you with this. I'll end with this, that, you know, I often get, it's funny. I remember it's been about 13 years since I started in this business, give or take. And I remember what it was like starting off. I really do. That's not a marketing thing. That's not a sales thing. I remember what it was like starting off. I remember sitting in front of my computer and hitting refresh and waiting for sales to come in and, and wondering like, is, is the, is the order form broken? Is my email not refreshing? Like, what's the deal when, when nothing was coming in? I remember, right? And I remember looking at, looking at experts and gurus and, and authorities and, and being enamored, like at their brilliance and their genius and what they know that, that, that I don't, and do I have the, you know, do I have it? Like what, what, what they have. Here's the thing that I want to leave with you. Number one, the top 2% in every market at one point was the bottom 2%. The top 2% at one point was the bottom 2%. The best of the best, the best of the best at one point, we're just starting out and knew nothing and knew nothing. There is no, I, I, you know, I can only speak, I can't speak for, I can't speak for Russell. I can only speak for myself and those marketers that I had the chance to, to work with. There's no brilliance. There's no genius coming from here, right? You don't need genius. You don't need brilliance to, to make big money, to develop the business of your dreams, to achieve the things that you, you want. You just got to be willing to take action. The difference between you and me is just experience and time. Things that you can do, right? Everything that I know you can learn. It's a learn skill. This idea that, you know, you've got to have natural creativity, like born genius, that's just nonsense. It's proof of that. And so remember that and recognize again that top 2% was at one point, the bottom 2%. And there's no doubt in my mind that from this group, there's going to be somebody that's up here next year presenting their funnel, talking about their success. And so thank you guys. Awesome. You guys stand up. Give Todd a huge round of applause. So what I'm going to do really quick right now is during the book launch contest, we had a bunch of different prizes. We've got a couple more that we're awarding right now. And some of these people aren't here, unfortunately. So we mailed them their gift, but we wanted, so the top prize was obviously winning a Ferrari. Then the top 10, we were giving them all Ferrari watches, let them come race Ferrari's with us, which is fun. So I've got some watches here for the people who I believe are in the room, hopefully. And so I'm going to call them up right now and award their Ferrari watches. So, shall I start at the bottom? Start at the bottom of the list. All right. So number 9 in our contest was Patrick Chen. Patrick, are you here? Give Patrick a round of applause. Come on up. Patrick, I've been friends for like 10 years and we finally met like a month ago in Boise. He showed up from Malaysia to Boise and we hung out and it was awesome. You're from the book. Thank you so much. See you, everybody. There's your brand new Ferrari watch. Thank you. All right. So the other guys are not here. Let's see. Number 6 was Vince Reed. Vince, are you here? Where's he at? I can't see anything. The lights are so bright right now. Vince, Reed's over here. Give him a round of applause. There you go. Thank you much. There's his brand new Ferrari watch to go with his new Ferrari's getting in about a month now. Yes. Give him a round of applause. All right. Number 5 is actually a speaker you guys are going to have a chance to hear from tomorrow. His name is Jay Boyer. Jay, are you in the room as well? All right. Give him a round of applause right here. Here you go. Thanks buddy. Thank you. He's going to be teaching you guys some of his webinar hacks tomorrow that are nuts. He helped me take one of our replays from where we'd averaged like $30,000 in replays until we did the last one falling like four or five of his hacks. We did over $150,000 just in the replay. So stay tuned for tomorrow. It's going to be amazing. Next is Todd Brown. Todd, are you still in the room? Todd, he might not be. Man, he's bright. All right. We've got to watch for Todd and then Jeff's also going to watch. We'll give those out later. All right. So what I want to do right now is before we bring up the winner of the Ferrari, we've got a video we want to show you guys that we recorded yesterday or two days ago that I think is kind of fun. So we're going to watch this video and then after this video is done, I want you guys to stand up and clap like crazy. And the man himself, Jeff Walker is here and he's going to come up on stage. You guys have a chance to meet him and then he's going to be sharing with us his launch funnels, which I am really excited to see and it's going to be awesome. So let's watch this video and then everyone as soon as it's done, go crazy for Jeff. I'm out here racing exotic cars with Russell and his top partners and his mastermind group. And it's awesome. Can you guys hear that? That's what it sounds like here. So first time around, I drove this the F430, which is the car that Russell's going to give me. And then I drove this Porsche GT3, which is insane. And what unbelievable experience. So when I first started out line, it was almost 20 years ago, way back. I didn't have a clue what was going on. I had to stay at home dad. I'd never started a business before. But I could see that there had to be money in publishing because it's an industry that's been around forever. And that's how I started myself as a publisher. But I didn't know like what people would want. So what I did was I consistently would publish and I would look at what's getting the strongest reaction. And it was always something that was counterintuitive. So, you know, my advice is if you're going to get started, just get started and put something out there because it's not like you've got a huge audience when you first start out. You got a small audience, but just got to look at what they react to and then give them more of that. It's a lot easier to sell stuff if it's something that people want. I was lucky enough to have Russell send me his book, I don't know, a month or two before publication. And you know, I've known Russell for a really long time. And he sent me that book. And frankly, that is what your life is like when you hang out with Russell Brunson right there. That's what it's about. No, actually, I saw his book and I'm like, I wasn't loving the title. And I'm like, I'm not even sure if I really want to promote this because there's a lot of internet marketing books out there that aren't that good. Then I opened it up and I started reading it. And I'm like, this is amazing. This is an incredible effect. I wish I had written this book. And that's when I just want, I'm like, I got to tell the world about it. This is an awesome book. I'm not that into cars. You understand, I drove my F 350 to the airport to come out here to Vegas. So I mean, it's just obviously not the biggest thing in my life. And frankly, like I'm a promotion schedule, I didn't have room to mail for the book, but it was so darn good. I'm like, I'm gonna mail for it. And then like, I mailed and we were in second place. And that's sort of when the competitive end things kicked in. I was more interested in winning than winning the car, frankly. Although now that I drove one out here, it's like, yeah, I actually, I got in one of the four, I got him, I didn't even know it was a 430. And I got into things. I'm like, this car is so awesome. And then I noticed it was a 430. I was like, I want this car. It's cool. So yeah, the competition took over, but it was a great contest. I want to congratulate all the other affiliates who did really well. Hard clock contest, I had to pull out all the stuff. All right, so Jeff, round of applause. End up standing up. Here he goes. There's the title. Thanks so much. Thank you. Is this guy awesome or what? This is awesome. So well done. So when I walk off stage today, someone remind me, I'm going to put these here. Someone remind me to take those. Okay. That was an awesome video. You know that part where like, I stopped, like I stopped and then they cut in the car going around the corner. That was literally like 15 feet behind me. So that wasn't magic. I didn't know it's like, the guy driving that black car. So we went out there and we did our laps. And it was so much cooler than I thought it was going to be. It was incredible. And then you could also talk about a little upsell. When you got there, you could do a ride along in that black Corvette with this pro driver. This pro driver was the main stunt driver for Fast and Furious. This guy had some skills. And yeah. And so, and he was basically booked. Like it was a 30 minute waiting to, you know, to get in and do that. Everyone bought the upsell. Because as you're sitting there, he would do, it was $99 for two laps and he would take you on two laps. And the laps did not take him very long. And then they would get out. And as soon as it got out, they put the next person in the car. So maybe it was like a 90 second switch over. So about every four or five minutes, you'd hear this guy pulling out. And when he pulled up, when you saw that car sliding around, that's how he would pull out onto the track. It wasn't like he would, Jyn's really like the rest of us, we'd sort of go up and we'd edge up past the sign that said speed limit 200 miles an hour. We'd, we'd edge up past that one and we look and they'd say, okay, go, but he would just get this running start going, and so every like four to five minutes, you're hearing that and you're watching it and it was like, I need to do that. I need to give him $99. So it was, it was, I think it was like, is there anyone there was there with us that didn't go to take the upsell? It was, it was just amazing. So in any case, great, great experience. And let's see what we got here. So look at that car. That's pretty amazing. It's, it's, it's silly. I live in Colorado, a mile and a half up a dirt road. Yeah, yeah. So today, I want to talk about product lunch funnels. And I was, you know, it's just, that book was amazing. And when I read it, I'm like, oh, then I got the chapter, whatever it's 12, it's like products, funnels. And so I'm going to see what Russell says about this. And in the book, he's like, he thanks me. So that's awesome. So thanks for the acknowledgement in the book. That was, that was really cool. So I just want to go over product launches in these funnels. So what is a product launch? Have any of you guys ever seen a product launch? So Apple, every freaking time they release a product, they do a launch. We've been here, you know, the what I watch, when did they actually come out like the last week of April, I think, but we heard about it for, I think, I don't know, five months, something like that. It's this building up anticipation ahead of the release of your product. It's, it's turning your marketing into a story, turn your marketing into an event and getting people really jacked up so they can't wait to buy your product. If you do this, right, you'll literally start getting emails that say, Hey, I don't know what you're selling, but can I just give you my credit card right now? And then you can just charge it when you release it. And that sounds like a joke, but it actually does happen when you're doing this, right? So I pretty much pioneered this. So, so like, wouldn't it be cool if we could all do what Apple does? The message I'm going to give you here is that you can do it. You absolutely can do it, even if you don't have the brand that Apple has, even if you don't have the budget, the design skills, or the products, you can build up to a great launch. And that's what we're going to talk about here. So I, I've been doing this for a long time. And one of the messages I'm going to, we're going to talk about some big numbers here. And as we go through here, I don't want the numbers to scare you off, because it can start really small and grow really big. Now, this is an article in Forbes.com. They call me the $400 million man. I didn't ever call, I didn't say I was a foreigner. That was their headline. And I don't have $400 million. My students and clients have done $400 million. And it's actually, this is, this is a couple years old. So it's way beyond that. It's well over half a billion dollars in sales that my students have done. That is pretty awesome. Then I released my book about, just about a year ago. You know, it's funny because do you ever have people in your family ask you what you do and you're like, you're like, oh, it's a long story. And finally, when the book came out, I could just tell them, oh, I'm an author and they get that. Okay. You know, they get that. And this is like when I knew I made it. It's not like up there, you know, it's the number one New York Times best seller. It says up, so that was pretty cool. But when I, this is when I knew I made it. There's actually two collectible copies. I mean, like how cool is it? Like I signed someone's book and it's now collectible. So I figure, okay, I've made that. I can show that to my folks. It's like, okay, so I was an overnight success. Anyone here an overnight success? So when I started this business, I was a stay at home dad. I was taken care of two little kids. My son Daniel, who was up here with the second place trophy. He was, I don't know, about four or five. My daughter was two. My wife was out supporting the family. And it was desperate times for us. I mean, not desperate, but, but, you know, the decision to like use disposable diapers or cloth diapers for some people that like they think about the environment for us, it was economic decision, you know, disposable diapers and extra 10 bucks a month. So I was, you know, watch, watching the diapers myself. Now, how's that for a beautiful image for you to share from stage here? But we didn't have a lot of money. And my wife is out supporting the family. And then one day she was, you know, she was out working one day in the middle of the day she drives up in front of the house. And which is weird, you know, it's the middle of the workday. And I see her walk in through the front door and the kids are there and they're just playing and, but my wife is in tears. She's just in tears breaking down. And she says to me, Jeff, I just need you to somehow help me help me, help me support the family because I just feel so much pressure. We don't need money. If you could just make $10,000 in a year, it would make so much difference, would take so much pressure off me. And that was just a really hard thing because I had been home, taking care of the kids and really not doing a great job as, as, you know, Mr. Mom, but thought, you know, we're holding it together. But then when I saw her just sobbing there and like, okay, I got something's got to change. And from that, that was like the moment that my life changes. Like, I, we have to do something differently. And at that point, I was just had just heard about this idea of selling information. And this is 1996. So the internet was just starting to happen. And so I'm like, actually, this is a big, long story. I'm not going to share it, but I decided I was going to go back to school. And but just even to get into school, you need a resume. I didn't have a resume. I've been changing diapers, taking care of kids for five years. This wasn't like, you know, I sold my dot com and then came home to take care of the kids. It was like desperate times. So I hit on this idea of publishing, of sending out email. And that's, that's what I did was I sent out an email. And at that time, I've been studying the stock market. I didn't have any credentials. I wasn't a stockbroker. I wasn't a financial advisor. I didn't have any letters after my name or anything like that. But I studied the market. So I started publishing this thing I called the Walker Market Letter, sent the first Walker Market Letter on August 30 1996 to everyone I knew who had an email address, which was like, there was 19 email addresses, I sent it via blind curbing copy. You know, back then that everyone had an email address. And really it wasn't, there was 19 email addresses, but one was my second email address. And one was my wife's email address. But I felt better saying I had 19 people reading my stuff than 17 people. It really seemed like a big distinction to me at the time. And so that started to grow through word of mouth. And, you know, the next issue I think I had 20 or 30, 23 or 30 people get it. And it just, it started to grow through word of mouth. I started getting subscriptions. I put up a website took forever, like click funnels. Like it took me three months how to figure out how to put up a subscribe form on my website because it was like rocket science back then. So people started subscribing. I had that 100 people, a couple hundred people, a few hundred people. And somewhere around November, I decided, maybe I can sell them something. I've never sold anything in my life. I'm not a born salesman. But maybe I can sell these people something. So I started studying some of the direct marketing stuff. Like you heard Russell show you all that direct marketing stuff yesterday. And that's, I think what really helped my success is I'm like, no one is selling stuff online, but people have sold stuff offline before so I'll study that. And so I ended up putting the, but like the thing is, since I hadn't sold anything, and I've been sending this free newsletter, I was like scared to ask for the money. It's this might sound weird, but I was like, how do I do that? And no one's going to buy anything. Who would buy something from me? I'm a stay at home dad. Who would buy something from me? And what I did was instead of sending like a sales letter, because I didn't, I was scared to do that. I started romancing the people. I started giving them some really, really cool stuff that led up into the launch, which was just actually January 1st, 1997. And that first launch did $1,650 in sales. Now money's a funny thing. It's, it's, it's just a crazy thing. I mean, we're sitting there looking at a car that costs $200,000 and Russell, you know, when it was new and Russell just handed me the keys. But so everyone's got a different frame around money. But for me $1,650 was life changing. I was like backflips. Like I was jumping so high. I was like almost hitting, putting holes in the ceiling because my thought was, if I did this once, I can do it again. And I can do it again. And maybe I'll even get better at it. You know, and that's what happened. So, you know, I don't know, six months, something like that later, I did a launch that did $6,000. And then I did a one that did $8,000. I sort of stuck in that $8,000 range for a while. Then the one that brought Mary home that had her retire, that was $34,000. And that was in 1998. That's when we seriously talked about her quitting her job. In 99, she did quit her job. In 2000, I did a launch that did six figures in seven days. That was a big deal. That was $106,000 in seven days. And that was to buy our new home after she retired. And so, it just kept getting better and better and better. Then eventually, I started teaching people on to do this. I wasn't, it was like, I just went to a marketing conference, a lot smaller than this conference, actually. And I happened to meet a few friends like, actually, some of these people you probably even have, don't aren't familiar with because they've been in and out of the market, but like John Rees, he did the first million-dollar day. Frank Kern. So, I started sharing with those guys, Yannick Silver, and they started doing great launches. And then they said, well, you should start teaching this stuff. So, I did. And that's why I'm here in front of you right now. So, I eventually transitioned. My first business was about teaching about the stock market. I transitioned in 2005 to teaching about how to do these launches. That's why I business. I teach people how to do the launches. And then, my clients, half a billion dollars. So, lots of money talk there. But what success really looks like to me is, this is what it looks like. This is actually now an older photo with my son, Daniel. I get to live out in the mountains. I get to do exactly what I want. You know, Daniel took second place up here, and I'm going to be the proud father. He did it. The guy who took first, who was that? I'm going to diss you a little bit. He got an extra seven laps to practice, and he beat Daniel by three-one-hundredths of a second. So, this is why Daniel goes fast in a car, because he goes fast on a mountain bike. So, that's Daniel flying through the air. Here's me flying through the air. Here's my daughter racing on a mountain bike. Here's her winning the Mountain State Cup. That's my daughter and I. I have this amazing lifestyle. So, I get to make this huge impact, make a lot of money, have this great lifestyle. This is me rowing my boat down Grand Canyon. There's anyone been down Grand Canyon? It's lava falls. You guys remember lava falls? That was pretty exciting. Skiing out in the mountains, and this is where I live in Deringo Colorado. That's taken from the main lift in Deringo Colorado. So, that's who I am. Now, one thing I want to talk about. So, last October, I did an event once a year, and at my event, we had a big fundraiser for World Teacher Aid. And I love what Stu's doing here. I'm going to Africa in a few months, because we raised enough money to build an entire school. We raised over a hundred thousand dollars at my event. So, there's only one reason I put this slide in here and told you about this. It's because you guys have not come up with a hundred thousand dollars yet. And so, I think you got, is this like a great event? I mean, this has been a great event. Go fill out that form and give a bunch of money to World Teacher Aid and build a school and get the recordings. That's my plug for those recordings. I just filled out my form right back there. So, I know Russell would like to build a school from this event. So, that's my plug for World Teacher Aid. It's an awesome, awesome charity. Stu and Amir are amazing. Okay, so this is today's game plan. First, I want to talk about the sideways sales letter, teach you about the sideways sales letter, and the mental triggers. And that's the core piece to the launch. It's really going to drive your launch for you. Then I want to show you the three primary types of launch funnels. There's three primary types. Very flexible strategy, but three main types. We're going to talk about seed launches. And that's how you start with no list and no product. It's great. Like when Russell was up here yesterday with his first presentation, which was awesome. And then he was talking about hacking someone and they, they have 12 videos. And so, I did 12 videos. They had 100 page report. And so, I did 100 page report. Were anyone out here thinking, you make that sound really simple? Does anyone think that? Okay, well, the seed launch is how you create your product, really simply and easily. So, I'm going to share that with you. It's how you do it interactively. It's braid dead simple. And then we'll talk about JV launches. And that is where things really blow up big for you. And then sort of the overall theme, I'm going to really try to drill into you, the shadow theme, is how you can really use these launches to build your business, to build your positioning, to build your list. Because they are really powerful. Let me ask a question. Does anyone here, a PLF owner? Product launch formula. I'm sorry. That's my product. Product launch formula. PLF owners. Anyone here done a launch of at least $1,000? Anyone done a launch of at least $10,000? Anyone done a launch of at least $50,000? $100,000? $500,000? Got any thought? Oh, we, is there one? Yeah, there's a couple back there. Nice. Nicely done. How about, yeah, that's enough of my ego right there. But, so, I'm on a crusade. So, hope, hope, hope. Hope is a beautiful word. Like, if your ship direct at sea, and you're just sitting there hanging on to that life raft, hoping someone's going to show up. Hope will save your life. When it comes to marketing, hope is an evil word, a nasty word. You don't ever want to depend on, you don't want to go into something saying, I hope this works. That's what I love about what we've been seeing so far. So much of this is based on real world hacking what's already working, and taking that into your business, and using what's tested, and what you've seen works. So, I absolutely, I'm on this crusade to eliminate hope marketing. And that's really the way these launches, what they're about. So, what, you know, what does this work for? All kinds of different products. Ebooks, tele seminars, audio webinars, continuity, giving me Ferraris, all kinds of things. And what market does it work in? This is, this is, this is a bit of a hobby of mine. I just, that's only a small portion of them, because I can only fit so many in the slide. But this has worked in just about every market you can imagine. And like Russell said, since I've been talking to a lot of you, you guys are all on some pretty weird markets. And it's gonna work. Okay, so just to give you a quick example. This is my prototypical case study. John Gallagher had a board game about edible medicinal plants and herbs. When you get a board game made up, you got to get lots of them made up. You get them made up in China, and then they ship boxes of them to you. Boxes and boxes and boxes. That's what his games looked like. That's the shower stall in the second bathroom. So John at this time was on food stamps. He was going to school to be an acupuncturist. His kids, he had two little kids. He was also working at a nonprofit, not making much or wasn't much to go around. So he's literally on food assistance. He borrowed enough money to get these games made up from his dad. It was about $30,000. So when in the debt to get the games made up, there's John with the board games, not looking really very happy there. Looking a little bit sullen. So he put together a launch. His launch did 12, he sold 12 units, 12 games. There are about 30 bucks a game. So about $360 in sales. Went and got my course, product launch formula, exact same assets, exact same list, exact same product, exact same offer, and he sold 670 games. That is a marriage saver right there. And it's funny because it's not funny at all actually, but it's like something like that, like having those board games, and that's soul crushing. That's something that someone's life might never, ever come back from when they have invested in his dream and all those boxes are, every time you go walk through the garage, you see them. This completely changed his life. The only difference was he structured his product launch properly. The difference between 12 and 670. And he did it with the sideways sales, I don't know these mental triggers, I'm about to show you. Looking a lot happier there. So his, his, we officially call this the six food stamps to six figures. Since then, one thing when you do a launch, it's never going to be your last launch, because it's absolutely exhilarating. It's a lot of work. It's a lot of work. It's exhausting, and it's exhilarating. It's absolutely exhilarating. It'll change your business, it'll change your life. And so he has done the, so let me, I don't want to, I gotta be careful, because a lot of these people, these are real people, and John's become a good friend of mine, but he also has to worry about what his customers think. So the official title of the case study is food stamps to six figures, but since then, and we don't make this public, he's gone way beyond that, if you get what I'm saying, without actually saying it. So, okay, so this is, this is how John did it. This is how we all do it. You know, this is how, this is how gurus become gurus. It's like just about everyone you can think of that sort of in whatever market you're talking about is a guru, they've done this, you, you know them because they've done this process. So we have this thing called the sideways sales letter. So how many of you have ever seen a sales letter? That was a joke. So here's the sales letter, right? Here's a headline, subhead, body copy, bullets, you know, price down there, right, roughly. That's, that's my clinic on how to write a sales letter. So, over here is a scroll bar, right? And when you first, when you first get to that page, that scroll bar is really, really big. But then as that sales letter loads and it loads and it loads and it loads, you know, it gets really small like this because there's, you know, 10 or 20 or 30 pages. And what do you do when you get to that sales letter? Exactly. You take that scroll bar and you scroll down here and you look at what the price is, right? So the thing is with those sales letters is they don't tend to convert that well. And that's why we have funnels now. That's why we have click funnels. And it's a beautiful thing. You know, you saw Perry talk about the tripwire, how you, how it's so easy to get someone in now because you're not depending on landing someone on that sales page. They just, they're, they're not converting the way they used to. There are certain times where they do and there's certain times where I'll still use them, but in general, they're not converting the way they used to. So what my process does is it took this, let's just call for symmetry purpose, a 10 page sales letter and we turned it into a 10 day sideways sales letter. So here's day one and let's just call this day 10. And it doesn't have to be 10 days, but that's, that works pretty well for high end stuff. And what you would do is you'd have, this is the pre-launch here and that's your sales piece. So this is what we, this is pre-launch content, pre-launch content, pre-launch content. This is one, two and three. And then we're going to put sales video. It could be a sales letter. These days, these are typically videos. They don't have to be videos. I've done a lot of these launches that were just with email or blog posts. So it can totally be done that way. You don't have to get intimidated about doing three beautiful great videos. So in the sideways sales letter, what you do is over these 10 days, you're going to deliver some real value that naturally leads into the sale and gets people really amped up and excited about what you're going to, you know, what you're going to release. So you can see right up here, the first one, we call it either the journey or the opportunity. So when your first video, you're educating people on why they need whatever you've got. It could be a, you know, a golfing product that teaches people how to drive the ball 10 yards further. Whatever it is, it's going to transform, whatever you're selling, it's going to transform their lives in some way. Anyone selling stuff that's not transformational? Sometimes I hook people with this question. Oh, I got a few over there. Yeah. So one time I asked this question, the guy's in the front row, is at my event, he raises his hand. It's awesome that he raises his hand. I was like, okay, what, you know, what, what's your, what, what are you selling? What's your product? And he's like, private jet travel. And I'm like, okay, so you're selling private jet travel. It's not going to transform your lives in any way. So like when they get in their car at home and drive to the airport and drive right up to the plane, step out of the plane, hand their bags to the pilot and walk on the plane without going through security, without having to worry about bumping into people, walking through the cattle, you know, with the cattle prods that, that they don't have to worry about all these connections. That's not going to transform their lives or change their lives in any way. And he's like, well, now that you put it that way, I guess it is, right? Because pretty much everything we're selling, it's going to offer some type of, take away pain or it's going to give pleasure. Pretty much everything unless you're selling like sand to some guy who needs to mix it into concrete. And even then you could probably find a way it's going to transform their lives. So this first one is all about the first video. Could be 12 minutes, 14 minutes. Sometimes, you know, generally, if you're new to video, you want to go shorter. It's easier to create an interesting 12 minute video than an interesting 35 or 40 or 50 minute video. I mean, I think my first video is 25, 27 minutes long. But I've done this a lot. I've done it a lot. So you don't have to, there's this old saying in copywriting and copywriting and scripting videos, exact same thing, that your copy can never be too long. It can only be too boring. So don't go in saying, well, Jeff's doing a 27 minute video. I need to create a 27 minute video. I know I cover everything in the first four minutes, but I got to use up some space here. You don't want to do that. You want to make it as long as it needs to be. Usually, you can cover this in 12 minutes or so. So this first one's all about the possibility for transformation. The second one is what, actually, it's about the opportunity. The second one is about the transformation. So I'm going to run out of space here. So I'm just going to, let's see, I'll put trans, here we go. I'll fit it in. Transformation right there is video two. And this is where, you know, often you use a case study, you know, where you'll show the transformation. Like, for instance, I mean, like, I did that a little bit when I came out here. When I talked about John Gallagher, I showed his transformation. So you want to show what the transformation can be for people. And you want to be teaching in here. You want to do some real teaching. You want to create real value. The idea is not to, like, take a sales video and split it into three pieces. That's not what we're doing. We're creating a real value. Showing people they have the opportunity to make their lives better is one of the greatest things you can do for someone. So you're really building value through every one of these. Second, so second one, you're really showing the transformation. This third one is what we call the ownership experience. This one, Andy Jenkins, my friend Andy Jenkins came up with this term. I think he got it from the car companies. They use that a lot. The ownership experience. So here's where you're really taking them in and you're giving them the feel for what it's like to own your product. Now, one, this is a critical mistake people often make when they're doing these videos. And that is they'll be delivering value, delivering value, delivering value right through here. And then they'll, for, then all of a sudden, they'll get people to the sales video and it'll be like, oh, great, great, great, great. All of a sudden it's like, wow, you were my best friend. Now you want money from me. So it can be a rough landing if you just create amazing value, amazing value. And then you go straight to a sales video. So we have, we have this little thing called the turn, the pivot. And that's in the last few minutes of your third video, that's when you let people know that something's coming. And this is really easy to do, really, really easy to do. Can we take the, come back, take, take, oh, we got it. Okay, sorry. Yeah, it's just, it's awkward because I can't see any of you now with the lights down, but I'll suffer through. So this is what you do with your pivot is you just say something as simple as, hey, it's been awesome sharing these videos. I know a lot of you have gotten a lot of value out of them. I've heard back from so many of you. Some of you are already taking action on this. In my next video, for those, if you want to, if you want to take this any deeper, I'm going to share this program that's coming up. It's that simple. I've got a program coming up for, anyone who wants to go deeper, and I'll be sharing that in my next video, just a soft landing into your sales video. And then finally, so, so you'll release these, maybe you'll release this one, that your PLC one, three days later, you'll come out with this, three days later, you'll come out with your third video, and then a couple days later, your sales video, and that's the funnel. So what makes this really powerful is those mental triggers. So I'm just going to, just because I've used up all my space up there, we'll zoom in. Okay, here's our three videos. There's video one. What was number one about? Excellent. What was number two about? And what was number three? Okay, so let's get the, go back to these, to the slide up for them. So the mental triggers are these things that are hardwired into their brains, into all of our brains. These are the things that create influence that cause us to act. We all have these things, things like, and there's a bunch of them, a great book, a great book is called Influence, the Psychology of Persuasion. It's by Robert Cialdini, that's C-I-A-L-D-I-N-I, C-I-A-L-D-I-N-I, the book's called Influence. And if you go to Amazon, it's whatever, eight bucks, 10 bucks. It covers five or six of these. Authority is this idea of when we perceive someone's in a position of authority, we instantly give them more creams, we pay more attention to them. A doctor in a white coat, they walk out that white coat, all of a sudden you assume they've got that expertise. Like, I mean, from, and again, it's just like to be as transparent as possible. Whenever I get on stage, I want to establish authority as quickly as possible, because I want people to listen to me, okay? I didn't, Russell took care of it for me, right? You saw this video of me talking and I'm going to get this car, that's instant authority, isn't it? You know, I was walking, I was just, you know, walking around the back, a lot of folks know me, a lot of folks don't, go to the bathroom, it's like whatever, but all of a sudden you play that video and I'm perceived it differently when I walk up here. And you want to always open with authority, in my opinion, if you can. So we're just going to abbreviate this. So in your first video, you really do want to focus on authority. Now, one of the things is when you do, how many have you have seen one of these lines? I mean, how many people have not seen, have no clue what I'm talking about? Okay, it's beautiful, there's like two of you. So, I mean, like Ryan Dice just closed the cart at his launch yesterday. Did anyone see any emails from Ryan Dice or about Ryan Dice's launch? Anyone? Okay, well, that was, he did it to a tee. I don't know how well this one did, but you know, his launch last year did over $3 million. It was awesome. I helped plan that launch for him. He's a friend, I've known him forever. So anyway, you should come out with authority. Lots of ways to do this, but it's basically just establishing that you're someone that they should pay attention to. Now, if you can do it in a way where you're not beating your chest, like, I'm awesome, listen to me. Yes, I'm a badass. You know, it's that, you know, the less you can be beating your chest and raving about how awesome you are, in my opinion, the better. You know, I try to stay humble. I tend towards the humble side of things. I think it just works better if you come off that way, but sometimes beating your chest works. And then another thing you're doing here in this first video, actually, this is throughout the entire sequence, this thing we call reciprocity. And so reciprocity is if you give something to someone, they're going to want to give something back to you. This is just the way humans work. Now, in my family, we celebrate Christmas. I love Christmas. It's a great, I just, I love Christmas. But like, when you have someone like, you know, it's Christmas afternoon, you're just settling down, the gifts are all open, maybe you're going to have dinner, you just, and someone knocks, like a neighbor knocks on the door, and you go open the door, you know, and then they've got a gift for you. It's like, like, the number one thing you're thinking in your head is, oh my God, I don't have a gift for them. And it's like that, like the worst feeling ever. It's like, you just, you're just like, oh, thanks. And you're like, looking back, looking for something you could just like, oh, you know, what can I give them? What can I do? It's like, that is reciprocity. When someone gives something to you, you want to give something back. And so when you give great content here, you're building up this reciprocity. It's does that kind of make someone want to buy from you instantly? No. But when you start to layer all these mental triggers, you create enormous influence. And this sequence, this five or seven or 10 day sequence really allows you the luxury of time to do these, to get people's attention and to deploy these mental triggers. Communities, another one. So down below these videos, you ever notice how there's always comments down here? Ever notice that? Like when I do a launch, you know, I might have a thousand comments down there. And what those comments, they do a bunch of things. They establish authority because like, if this guy can get a thousand comments here, other people are paying attention. There's also, so that there's what we call social proof. Okay, we'll throw that in here as well. Social proof is usually, starts to happen around the second video. But the social proof is that if you see a lot of other people doing something, then you're like, well, there must be something there. It's like when your mom said, oh, if you're all your friends jumped off the roof, would you jump off the roof too? Well, of course you would. That's the way we're wired. That's the way humans are wired. I mean, if you go and you go to, you know, if you go to Amazon, you're looking at a book and the book's got like one or two reviews and there's another book on the same subject that's got like 600 reviews, which one are you going to buy? The one with 600 reviews. That's just the way we are. We looked, so these mental triggers, they're not magic. They're all, they're in our brains. They've been in our brains for thousands of years. They will be for thousands of years. And really, they're there to help us make decisions quicker. Because like, if we had to stop and think about every little thing we're doing in our lives, we would, we couldn't function. So when you get off the plane and it's like really late at night and you're in a strange airport and you're like, you know, you're in row 34 and everyone in front of you walks off the plane and they just walk and they turn this direction. They all start walking in a direction. Do you walk out there and stop and look for the sign for baggage claim? No, that's not what you do. You might think you do, but next time you're in the airport, watch what you do. You walk out and you just turn right along with them and then you start looking for baggage claim. But just if those 70 people in front of you want to turn right, then that must be what I should do. Right? That's social proof. We're looking for others for triggers on how we act. So if we come to this video and we see a thousand people or a hundred people or even 30 people saying, oh, that's the greatest video I've ever seen. Thank you so much, Jeff. That's really powerful. That is really, really powerful. So you, so these start to develop in here. You've, and you see how they all work together. When you, when you've got that, people, when you've got that social proof, it just implies instant authority. It all layers on top of each other. So then another one that I love is community. I'm, I'm a big fan of community. It's one of my real core strengths. I'm really, really good at building community like just in everything I do. And often down in these comment shelves, people asking questions and then other people are going to be like answer their questions, or maybe it's some of your clients or it's Liz coming up here telling you how great Ignite is. Right? How powerful is that? Think about that. You know, you've seen these videos of Liz going on about how awesome it is. And there's only one reason she does it. It's because that's how she feels about it. I got to spend a little time with her. She thinks it's amazing. She loves the experience. So, but how awesome, that's social proof right there. But then you can also, I mean, like, like Liz was just sitting out there hanging out with all these other people from Ignite, like, you know, six or eight of them all clustered out in the hallway. I walked by that. I'm like, well, that's a pretty cool community. And I know I wasn't the, anyone else have that experience? Like being around so many people saying, oh, that's pretty cool. That's a pretty cool community. I'm going to be part of that. Community is a really powerful thing. And it's really, it happens online. It happens online. And if you can create that among your people or in here, when you're shooting these videos at the end of the video, you ask for comment. You always have to ask for comment. You get to the end of your, and everyone in the videos, hey, scroll down. The weakest is scroll down. Let me know what you think. You know, it's much better if you had to actually direct it. Scroll down and tell me how you're going to put this to use in your life. You know, scroll down and what was the, what was Russell? He was talking about the diabetes, right? Was that Russell talking about diabetes? Yeah. Russell was talking about diabetes. You know, scroll down and tell me about, you know, who in your life has diabetes and how you would like to help them? That's when you get real community, when you get people sharing and talking about their stories. So community is super powerful. And then as you get down here, and there's a whole bunch of these triggers, I'm just going to go over these five. As you get down here, the anticipation starts to build because if you've done this right and you set this up, then people are excited and they can't wait to buy what you're, what you're going to buy. And going back to that Christmas, I mean, like think about the Christmas or other holidays you might celebrate or birthdays or graduations, they're big deals, they're events, they're ritual. And those things really get people's attention. Like right now, the marketing fog out there is absolutely insane. What I mean by marketing fog is we're all bombarded by endless, like just endless number of emails and, and every kind. I mean, the other day I was in the airport and like flipped down the tray and there's an ad on my tray. It's like there's ads everywhere, everywhere. There are ads. And so your job is to cut through that fog because people are just tuning it all out. This grabs people's attention. And as you come down through the sequence and you start to build anticipation, they'll actually put that date on their calendar. They can't wait for that. Now, an interesting thing that's happening, you know, this happened, this, I'm tapped into so many different markets because of my clients are in just, because, good Gillian, good Gillian, official word, good Gillian markets. And, and so I get to see different markets evolve different ways. And so like right now, if you're selling a product in the internet marketing space, people have seen a lot of these launches. In fact, people have been talking about the death of launches. I released the first version of product launch formula in 2005. And in October, October 21, 2005, the day my life changed. And, and by January, there's the first email or no, the first white paper came out talking about the death of product launches. And like, you know, three months they gave it. Well, you know, here we are almost 10 years later, and they're bigger and better than ever. Things have evolved, the tools have evolved. We're using, we didn't use video in 2005. It was, it was like rocket science back then. But one of the things that's happening in the internet market, if you're teaching people how to build internet marketing businesses, it's probably also work if you're teaching people social media. It used to be 50% of the sales came in on the first day, and then 25% of the sales came in between the first day of the open cart period. So, flipping back here, just to give you a little more terminology, this is your prelaunch, right here, prelaunch, and then this is, we call it open cart. And typically we'll have the cart open for, I like five days, five to seven days. You get longer than that, it becomes a begathon, not into those, you know, another email, selling the same thing, please, please, please buy from me. I don't like that. So, open cart, after seven days it becomes a begathon, so just put your foot down. You do not have to pull the product off the market at the end of your open cart. A lot of times you see that done, Ryan Dice did it, you know, you go to the site today, you can't buy it, you could buy it yesterday, you can't buy it today. Well, I do that myself, because we run my course like a, almost like a college class where it's just concentrated like that. So, we got to start the course. So, anyways, you do not have to close the cart, but you have to close your offer in some sense. So, something, this is, this is technical here. When you, at the end of your launch, something bad has to happen if they don't buy from you. You get that? That's my technical term. Something bad has to happen. So, you, because all of us like to put off making decisions, and so you have to give people a reason to move. So, something bad would be, one is that bonuses go away. You got to get it now, otherwise you can't get these bonuses. Two would be the price goes up. Buy it now, or you know, it goes up from $97 to $197, whatever. Third is the products no longer available. Those are the three types, really, the way you close your cart. And those are in order of power. The least powerful is bonuses go away. The second most powerful is the price goes up, and the absolute most powerful is the, is, is just scarcity. It goes away. Scarcity, by the way, is another trigger. We come back here, and we'll put up, that usually comes in here towards the end. Scarcity is something that just moves people. Like, I remember one time I was in Vegas, and this is when the business was just starting to happen, and my wife and I left the kids at home, came here to Vegas, and I was renting a car. And, you know, just, just renting a car at Avis. And the guys like, the guys like, okay, you know, we're going to get you, you know, an impala or something. He's like, oh, you know what? I think we might have a Mustang convertible available. Hold on for a sec. And he turns around, walks back, he's like, picks us up, hey, do we got any of those Mustang convertibles available? Oh, we got one of them. Hold on for a sec. Sir, we've got one Mustang convertible available. You want that? And I'm like, well, hell yeah, I want it. There's only one available. I hadn't been thinking about a Mustang convertible. And the guy, I bet you, when he went back and picked up the phone, there was no one on the other side of that phone. Scarcity is something that can really move you to action and move your clients to action. So we usually try to build scarcity in that third video where we start talking about, we're going to be, you know, my next video, I'm going to be telling you about this, you know, we've got a limited number of spots available. It's going to be really cool. It doesn't have to be really overbearing when you're talking about scarcity, when you first start talking about it. But then you open that cart and around the fourth day, if you're going to close the cart in five days, everyone still was me on this? Okay, so you're going to close the cart in five days. And around the beginning, the morning of that fourth day, you start talking about the cart closing or the bonuses are going away or the price going up. And that's where the sales all come pouring in. It is unbelievable. Who's been through a cart close and seeing this happen? Yeah, is that like breathtaking or what? It's, and nowadays, again, in the internet marketing space where you're teaching about internet marketing, half the sales will come in the last day, you know, it's just breathtaking. And a quarter of the sales will come in in the last two or three hours. Absolutely, never fails, it's breathtaking. Now, when Marcus said, I haven't seen that many launches, you know, if you're teaching about knitting or polishing about croquet or something like that or dressage, where they haven't seen that many launches, then they're not backloaded like that. They're not closed, loaded like that. But that's just a little, little tiny distinction. Okay, so what happens, you start to see, you can see, you see how scarce like social proof and scarcity are two sides of the coin. Like social proof is, wow, he really does have a lot of people that really love this, that are really paying attention. And then when you come out and say, wow, there's, there's really a few available, they play together. So all of these play together and you want to deploy them as you go through this. Now, everything I've been talking about is the standard, the psychology of why this stuff works. It just, it's so powerful. And it just keeps on working and it works and it works. Now, you can do it just with your list. And that's why, you know, Russell's been focused on, you know, he started out, how do you start the event? He starts with lists. Lists are amazing thing. And you can do it just with your list. You can do this entire process without any joint venture partners or anything. That's what we call an internal launch. It's with your internal list. Now I want to, so that's the, that's like that primary type of launch, the internal launch. I told you, I was going to talk about three types of launches and that's one of them. So now I want to talk about, oh, little, little disclaimer here. Do you have to be a guru to do this process? There's the answer. You don't have to be a guru. Sometimes people see someone like a Ryan Dice or a Russell or myself or Andy Jenkins doing a launch and you just assume it's only if you have a high price product and you're a guru. Not true. This is how you become a guru. This is how you become seen as an expert. This is how you build your list. Okay. So now I want to talk about seed launch. So this is Tara Moreno. She has a site called Elegant Femme where she teaches women how to lead more sensuous lives, sensuous lives. Not sure exactly what that means, but I'm sure there's some women in the room that understand it, right? Yeah. No, Tara's awesome. So Tara, she had this in her and she had to get it out. So she did what we call the seed launch. And this is a launch. Typically you'll roll it out when there's just, let's just say you have like almost no list. Maybe you got a few people following you on Facebook or you might have no list whatsoever, but you want to get that list up to a couple hundred people and two, three hundred people. And then you make an offer and the offer is basically, so I'm not, I'm going to focus more on the product creation because I think that's where some folks are stuck. So your offer would just, when you get up to a few hundred people, how do you do that? Facebook is the way to do it in most markets these days. You get up to a few hundred people and then you make an offer. I usually do this with one pre-launch video where you come out and you'll teach about something and you'll say, if you want to know more, I'm actually going to be running a class on this. And the way this class is going to work is I'm going to be coaching, you know, we're going to have a small group of people. We're going to form a class. I'm going to teach this over a series of live webinars or live tele seminars or live hangouts. It could be any one of those. So then your goal is to get 20 to 30 people to buy this from you. The goal of this launch is not to make a million dollars. It's to basically get a small group of 20 or 30 people to buy from you. So you price it that way, whatever pricing you want to. If you don't get 20 or 30 people, that's okay. You can you can comp in some friends. The first time I taught product launches, I actually was on stage and then I made an offer from stage. I am not a great sales person. I was not a great sales person then and out of a really big room I had, I think six people bought, you know, in a room of like 250 people where that's not, I don't know if you guys know about stage metrics and stuff like that, but that's really bad. I did, I did not do well, but I got six people to raise their hand, but I knew I had a bunch of friends that wanted to learn how to do these launches, so I invited them in. So I got up to about 30 or 40 people in this group and having that number in that 20, 30, 40 range is important because it gives you some critical mass because you do want this to be a real teaching. So what you simply do, so you're selling, I called it the product launch workshop. It was, I said I'm going to give you five calls and I'm going to teach you how to do this stuff. That's a really compelling, like for instance right now, if, if, I mean, would it be a compelling offer if I said I'm going to teach you, you want to join me for five calls and sit in on the calls, it's going to be small groups, it's going to be super interactive, you get to ask me questions, I bet you I could sell a whole bunch of you. It's a very compelling offer and I bet you whatever market you're in, you could do the same thing because it's a very compelling offer to be, to be interactive with you and be able to ask those questions. So you just do these calls, I'm losing markers, where have I put all of them? So you do these calls and so you do your, let's say you do your first call, it's going to be right here and we're just going to put a call, it could be a tele-seminar, it could be a webinar, it could be a hangout, it could be anything, but it is live in general. I mean, you could do it, I mean, I've seen, people have done this via Skype, just the technology is not important, the process is important. So you have these 20 or 30 people, okay, let's just say 20 and then you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, the first thing you do is you run through a survey and the survey is, okay, let's just pretend I'm going to teach about how to play guitar, that's what my topic is going to be, how to play guitar. And, or actually, let's do a, let's, let's do an interactive, who's got, who's, who's a top? A different story, yes. Hidden profits, let's do one that's not money making. Okay, helping dentist open offices, that's a good one. Okay, so if you're going to, can we get a mic up here by any chance? Sorry, I didn't warn you on that one. Helping dentist open offices, so while they're running a mic to you, I want you to think about if you had to split that into five, oh, that was awesome. Okay, if we had to split this into five main areas, can you think of what they would be? Just, you don't have to tell me of them right now, just could you do that? We need them, we're bringing them up. Yeah, why don't you stand up? Okay, there we go. Okay, he's got it, we got it. Okay, so, and what was your name? Jamie. Jamie? Where are you from? Philadelphia. Let's hear it for Jamie, let's give him a round of applause. So, theoretically, you've got some knowledge in this area. They think so. And yes, good answer. And so five, you could divide it into five areas, right? What would, if that was, if it was going to be five areas, what would the first area of knowledge of teaching be? Vision. The vision for the practice. Vision of creating the future for the practice. Vision, okay, so what you would say is, gosh, look at that, that's horrible, 20. So, what you would say is, you would, you got 20 people to buy, you send them into a survey, and the survey would say, our first call is going to be on the vision. When you, when you create a, when you set out to create a practice, the first thing you have to start with is your vision for your practice. And so that's what we're going to be focusing on in this first call. I just have one question for you. If you could sit down with me for a cup of coffee, what would be your number one question about creating that vision for your practice? And then what they, that's it. Thanks, Jamie. I think we might come back to you, but I was going to take notes and stand. Okay, you could sit down, take notes, I might come back. Yes, that'd be awesome. So, that's it. One's an email into us, into a survey monkey, or it could even be an email that says the same thing. So, so I'm really excited about this program. We're going to cover so much ground, it's going to be awesome for you. And what this first call call is going to be, we're really going to focus on your vision for your practice. Because unless you have a rock solid vision that you can almost, that's so strong, you can see it in your mind's eye and taste it, you can't create the practice that the practice of your dreams, the practice that you really deserve. So, before this first call, I want to know from you, if we could sit down for a cup of coffee, what would be the number one question you would ask me about setting the vision for your practice? Just hit your reply button and let me know. Those are key words that just hit your reply button right now. Those are gold, golden, golden words. Just hit your reply button and let me know. Boom, it's done. So, then they write back to you. What did they just do? Their questions just designed your first module, your first call. This is why it's important to have those 20 or 30 or 40 people instead of one or two or three people in it. Now, Tara, who I'll tell you about in a minute, she only got five people. So, it is possible if you don't get the full 20 or 30. But what happens is that if you get 20 or 30, not everyone's going to respond. And you want as much response as possible. Does that, this all make sense so far? So, when you do your first call, so this is our survey here. Let's, yeah, let's just call it a survey. When you get to the first call, what are you going to do on your first call? You just take those questions and you answer those questions. I mean, you would take them and you'd sort of put them in the order. You might rephrase them. You might group some of them together. But you can, now, who here, thinking of a topic that you want to create a product on or you want to publish on, who here can think of, can split that topic into five main areas? Okay. Who here will not raise your hand no matter what I ask you? Thank you. Who here doesn't think they could split it into five? Okay. You don't. Okay. We're not, we're not going to go there with you since you're just one of you, but I bet you could. And I bet you if you sat down with someone, they could help you do it. But okay. So if, now, if you took those five areas, even if you don't know what they are that you could do that, if you took that first area and you had someone ask you a dozen questions on that first area, who could talk for an hour on that? Who could answer questions for an hour? Not hard, right? It's really not hard. You're just getting on a call, getting on a webinar, getting on a hangout and answering those questions. At the end, you might open it up and answer some questions interactively. It's really easy. I love answering questions interactively. For me, it's easy for some folks to get intimidated, but that's basically what you've done. And you've got the first one. Then after this first call, then you'll do another survey. I'm going to make my survey circles here. We'll do another survey. This one has two questions. The first one, and Jamie, we're going to come back to you for your second topic. The first question would be, there, it would be an email. It says, tell us, you know, hey, that was an awesome call. Thanks for, thanks for hanging out with me and getting on that call. I really enjoyed doing it. I think I thought we made a lot of progress talking about, you know, the vision for your practice. Now I just have really two really quick questions for you. The first is, what didn't I cover on that call that, you know, that I still need to cover? And then the second question is, what's your second topic? Site selection. Site selection. So on our next call, we're going to cover site selection for your practice. Obviously incredibly important. And I want to go deep on this. But before I go deep, I need to know what you need to know. What is your number one question about site selection? Boom. That's it. So now you've sort of recovered from anything you did. That first question gave you the recovery from anything you didn't cover. Second question becomes your second call. You know, then you take that into call number two. You do this five times and you have created a great product. A great product. Not an okay product, but a great product. There's a reason I'm still selling product launch formula 10 years after I released it. Because it's a great product. And it isn't because I just like was born knowing how to teach product launches. It's because I've done this every step of the way. I'm always interacting and saying, how are we doing? What didn't I cover? What do you need to know? And people will tell you, and now you've got a product that's tuned to what the market wants. And you know what else is tuned to what the market wants is your marketing. This is how you figure out people's hot points are. Because what you do, you know, obviously you're recording every one of these calls. You get them transcribed. These calls are in the, they're not going to be an hour. They're going to be 90 minutes long. 90 minutes times five, add in a sixth call, make the sixth call bonus, it's just the easiest bonus ever is, oh, we're going to do an extra bonus call for you. And I'm just going to answer all the questions you still have after we've gone through these. That, what that bonus costs you is another hour or 90 minutes on the phone. Because you're just going to be able to get on it and just riff on these answers. You've got a bonus done. You've over delivered. You've made people happy. So you've done six of these calls. You've got somewhere around 10 hours of audio. Maybe you've got video if you did webinars. You get this transcribed. You get yourself that 70 to 100 page book. You've got yourself a product. You've got yourself raving fans. Hopefully you've even got case studies because these people actually did something with what you did, with what you share. Now you've got yourself a product. Now, the way I like to do this is I still do these, I just did one. I just did one like literally a month or two ago. We'll do a seed launch. Okay. Use that to create your product. And then you do an internal launch for the product that you create. So that internal launch was that first sideways sales letter I talked about. Okay. You remember that? That's the three videos. Do an internal launch for your list. Because you've done the seed launch, you know, you've got a great product. Use that to create the product. So now you've got a great product. Roll that out. The internal one, you've learned how to sell it because you've learned what their hot points are, what their issues are. When they respond to your surveys, the words they use are important. And they, you can, a lot of times you can cut and paste those right into your, your sales videos, your sales letters, because now you understand what people are resonating with, what, what gets them excited, what keeps them up at night, where their pain is, where their pleasure is. So you did this great internal launch, and then you're going to do the JV launch. We'll talk about in just a minute. So the seed launch created the product, taught you how to market it. The internal launch, you put together that sideways sales letter and you've tested that process and then you're able to do the JV launch. And then at that point, you come back up here. By this point, you've got so many ideas about your next product because every step of the way you're interacting with the market, you've got that intelligence. And now you come back, you create your second product with another seed launch. This is the technical term for this is the circle of awesome. It's the circle of awesome. And what happens is each one of these steps ends up building your list. So like when you do this first seed launch, it'll usually create a little bit of excitement and you might get some word of mouth. You do your internal launch, you put out great videos, it'll often get word of mouth. And then the JVs, when they come in, that will drive your list big in a big way because your JVs are mailing into your launch. And so you might start off this first time around like me with 17 people getting your stuff. And then by the time you're here, maybe you get a few hundred or a few thousand. And by this could put thousands on your list. And now you're coming back up here. Now, suddenly you got thousands. And each time you go around, it gets bigger and bigger and bigger. And that's how these things blow up. That's how my launches went from 1650 to, you know, several years later, the $106,000. So that's the circle of awesome. So now I want to share how long do you wait on the internal launch? So the question, I don't want to get too many questions. I think we're going to have, I hope we have, I think we'll have time for questions. But what was it again? I'm sorry. Seed launch, go from a seed launch to internal launch. You know, it's really, so the question was how long to wait to go from seed launch to internal launch. And really, it's going to be more, that one, you can, you don't have to wait. It's going to take you a little bit of time to get those recordings together, to get the transcripts together, to turn it into a sort of a polished product, and then create those launch videos. That's going to take you, it's not something that happens. I'm not promising instant riches in any of this. All this stuff takes work, but I'm showing you a process that's built many businesses. So that process, you know, I think you would be Superman to do that in less than four to six weeks, in my opinion. I think it's going to take at least that, and it might take longer. But I'm a slow study, so maybe you'll be quicker than me. So Tara Moreno, she did this seed launch. She did, sold five of them. Now, she, I think she, maybe six, I think she charged $500. So she did like $3,000. And then it was interesting because she threw in a bonus. Her product, I forget exactly the name of her first product, but her bonus, she did this bonus call, and it was, it was How to Lead a Sensuous Life. And people reacted to it so strongly that she pivoted her whole product towards that, her whole brand towards that. And that's the, the market intelligence who, that was Richard up here. And Richard, it was so awesome when he was here, just talking. It was, it was so awesome where I saw you there. It was so awesome when he was up here. And it's like, like, yeah, we did this, we did this, we made these dollars, but that's not like it's me excited. It was the marketing intelligence that's learning the process. And what that was so dead on, that's why he has so much success. And when you go through this process, when you get, when you can start to get into the mind of your prospects and understand how they're thinking and what keeps them up at night and what gets them excited, you just win. You win. That's how you win at this game. When you can articulate their pain better than they can, you win. They just instantly assume you've got all the answers. And every step of the way, everything I do is super interactive. And it allows you to tap into what you need to be able to make a great offer. So Tara, that sixth call, you know, it's like, oh, wow, people got really excited about this sixth call, which was, you know, leading a sensuous life. Her next product is about that. She's gone on to do launch after launch after launch. And I think it was 18 months after that initial launch, she did like a half a million dollars in launches. She, her lifelong dream was to live in France. She moved her husband and her two kids to France. And she's just got, and she's got a great brand to this day. And it all started with the seed launch where she got five people to step up and do this. And then she just delivered these calls. It's powerful stuff. It's how I started my brand. It's how I started this whole product launch formula brand that's done it, you know, it's generated a half a billion dollars in results, because I got, I think six people signed up for that. Okay, so the JV launch. This is, this is the big flashy, exciting one. Some of you will never do a JV launch because it, you know, this is the ultimate step, but this is where things get really exciting. So this is where I cleverly, you notice that how I did that? Look at that. Watch this again. This is going to be exciting. Look towards the bottom of the screen. It's going to get exciting here. I got skills. So, so my brother, so one of the things I'm going to have to do is, this is sort of rude, but the way I committed to my son Daniel, we're got to get home. He's, he's got some big stuff going on tomorrow. So we're, I'm literally walking out of the stage and running to the airport. So I normally, I hang out and answer questions. I love that, but I can't do that today. So I just wanted to point out my brother, John here in the corner, raise your hand. There we go. Yeah, he does look like me. So yeah, I bring the whole family to these things. It's like, so my brother, John's been working with me since 2007. He's my JV manager. I, and he also, he's been through this for whatever eight years now. He is a great resource for answering questions. He'll, he'll be my surrogate Jeff after I step off the stage. Okay. Is that okay? And so yeah, to have the giants, great resource. And yeah, there we go. So the JV launch. So remember, I'm going to really mess with your brains here. Really mess you up. I lost my blue marker again. What am I doing with these things? So that sideways sales letter, the key part of that was the sideways part. Well, let's forget about that. Let's, I'm just going to draw it vertically here. So let's, let's say this is PLC one. Okay. And this is PLC two. And this is PLC three. And here's your sales video. Are you guys still with me? I know I took it. I made this big deal about taking that sideways, that sales letter and turn it sideways. And now I'm just going to turn it back on. Is that okay? You still with me on that one? Okay. So normally in that internal launch, you're, you're mailing everyone on your list and telling them, go watch this, go watch this, go watch this, go watch this and buy my stuff. Now say I was doing this and that's why I keep on losing them. Say I'm doing this and I got a friend who has the initials RB. Just pretend it. Just pretending I got this guy who, you know, I sold a bunch of books for just directly. You notice it's red, red. And you see the significance of red. That was actually accidental. But and what if this theoretical RB took his list and mailed them into my video? But actually what he did was he mailed them into a squeeze page that was designed in click funnels. He mailed them to the squeeze page and then they got the seat PLC one. And let's just theoretically say he sent 10,000 clicks there and a 50% opt-in rate. Now I've got 5,000 people watching this that are from his list. Now anyone have any other initials I can put down here? Okay. FK. I don't know what's who could FK be. I don't know. But let's say FK also sent people into this beautiful click funnels page. Any other initials? RD. I don't know why he would, he would do that. But I think he's got a brand new fresh list. And he mailed there. And then they got the squeeze page because every time they mailed the squeeze page it's obviously putting people onto what we call a launch list. And this is how you build a list really quick. Now why would they do that? Why would they, why would RB mail for me? I'm not, actually I could give him a car. I've got one to give away. Oh yeah Russell. Hey Russell, you excited about getting an F430? Uh-huh. So what happens is then you're tracking of course, you're using, you know, cookie tracking generally, but you're tracking through your affiliate program. And then as they come through each one of these they're going to end up buying here and then you're going to give a commission. This is, this is how JV launches work. Now they get, they get a lot more complicated than this. Really what ends up happening is you ask your partners to mail into each one of these, excuse me, you'll mail, they'll mail into each one of these and then they'll also mail into here. A lot of times they'll put together bonuses. You see this all the time. Many, I'm sure you've seen this in the internet marketing world. We're really good about doing these. Really strong with them. My typical launch I'll add between 30 and 50,000 people to my list in that 10 day pre-launch. Now this market is very organized. We're all friends. We know each other. We know who puts our good products and we promote back and forth because, you know, try as I might. I can't get people to only subscribe to my list. They always have subscribed into these guys list too. So, and try as I might. I would like to just, you know, have them just buy from me and no one else. But you know what? I could never, ever satisfy the demands of the people on my list for training for tools, etc. You know, that's why so many of you, you're all click funnels, customers, clients, and you're also, so many of you are also my clients, right? And also clients of Ryan and Frank and everyone else. Your different markets are different. But this happens all the time in all kinds of different markets. John Gallagher, who's the food stamps guy, selling about edible and medicinal plants and herbs where you walk out into your backyard and you pick some dandelions and you go in and you, you know, make something with it. There, no one had any concept of joint ventures there. He went in there and started teaching them about joint ventures and now they do joint ventures there. Joint ventures, that's another word for affiliates. It's really almost the exact same thing. I consider, you know, the, in my mind, joint venture partners are, they, I've got a closer relationship with them. Oh, if you look at my top 20 partners, pretty much every single one of them, I've at least been to dinner with them. That's the way the game tends to work. You don't need thousands of affiliates, you need just a couple good affiliates. But this works in many, many markets and this is how your launch gets really, really big. This is how you just completely blow up your exposure. Now, it is a lot more complicated. If, if an internal launch is like X amount of effort, a JV launch is 2X. It's double the effort to do a JV launch and that's why I recommend in that circle of awesome, you do your internal launch first and you get it right and then you do the JV launch. There's a couple reasons. One is for the work, but another one is to test the process because you never want to test an offer with your partner's lists. You get that? This is really key. Write this one down. Never test an offer to your partner's lists because your, your relationship with your partners is, that's the most important relationship you have in your business. The relationship I have with Russell or with these guys, those are the most important relationships I have. And if I ask them to mail for something that doesn't convert, then I've, I've burned their lists. I've burned their trust. I've burned that relationship. So you want to, you want, you want to be the one taking the arrows in your back to go back to Russell's first talk. You, you know, if it's a new offer, take those arrows yourself and then when you know it converts, then you go to your partners and ask them to promote and that's why that circle of awesome is, is in that order. You know, seed launch, internal launch, JV launch. Make sense? That's a critical piece for anyone who's working with partners. Incredibly critical piece. So, okay. So when I did this, one of the things I just, this is sound like, like who wants to do this? Who was jacked up to do this? Who's intimidated? I get it. I look at him. I'm, I'm intimidated. I get it. But it's very incremental. That seed launch is very simple. It's, it's the simplest sales process ever and it's a great offer and it's a great way to create. And so I actually, in 2005, March, 2005, I got a phone call and in my first business, I actually had this silent partner that I took on and he would help me with content for when I was teaching about the stock market. So I brought him on and, and he was actually my mentor in this, in the financial markets. And so I brought him on and we worked together from, for like eight years and then in March, 2005, he called me up and he basically said, I'm taking the business. He was essentially stealing the business from me. And I'm like, what? But literally in the span of a five minute phone call in my business, I lost 90% of my business because I wasn't willing to fight it out in public for, and, and you know, basically have this massive fight in public about whose business this was. Because really subscribers following us. They thought we were gurus. They thought, so I'm like, okay, go ahead, take the business. That's just fine. And, and frankly, I was, you know, I was publishing every day about the stock market 500 times more than every day. We published twice a day, 500 times a year we published because there's 250 trading days of the year. So there's 500 times a year I was publishing. It was hard to take vacations. It's hard to go off on those river trips, hard to go skiing because I was always publishing. So I was sick of that business. I'm like, fine, you just take it. And so then I had, you know, a few months where, you know, I was like, okay, what am I going to, what's, what's chapter two look like for me? What's a Jeff 2.0 look like? And that's when I did my seed launch. When I talked, I went and I started teaching about product. I want to talk then stage, then made an offer, got six people to sign up, taught them how to do these on a series of tele seminars. And it was great. Then a few months later, I did a launch. I did a joint venture launch. Actually, I broke my own rules. I went from seed to joint venture because I got skills. And, and so when I did that, it was very, very successful. We had all the big names of the day. Actually, you know, Ryan and Frank, Russell, this was 2005. Russell promoted. It was like way back. And, and we did really well. We did $600,000 over, you know, fairly short period of time. So I'm like, yes, I'm back in business. And then, so that's 2005. And then a few years later, then I, since I was teaching, this is a cool thing about teaching and publishing is you start to learn so much, you know, because it started off, I knew 10% more than everyone. Then I did that seed launch process. And now I knew like 100% more than everyone because people are asking those questions and you're learning how to teach. You're learning about the market. Then they're coming back and reporting their success to you. This is key. This is, this is key for you when you're nervous about doing it is that once you start teaching, all of a sudden the best way to learn is to teach. Absolutely. I mean, am I learning something up here right now? Absolutely. The best way to learn is to teach. So then in 2008, I came out with my version 2.0, which is a complete new upgrade. I totally redid the product at all these case studies. And when I did that one, I had $12,470. And so when I look back at that, you know, that first launch at $1,650, this is like six times better. Like, well, that's pretty freaking awesome. I mean, like, how awesome is that to be able to do these kind of launches? Now there's one little technicality here for the $12,470. When I came out with PLF 2.0, I did that in one second. That's the beauty of shopping carts is you can actually go look at the timestamps. In one second, we did $12,470. We did $1 million in 53 minutes. Just about, yeah, it was the best hour I've ever had. That launch went on to do 3.7, 3 million in 34 hours. Now, the reason I tell you this now is because you need to remember it all started with $1,650. And that started with me sending out an email to 17 people. You can do this. You've got this. You've got it. Do you guys believe me? Yeah. Can you turn to the person next to you and gently hold their shoulders and say, I am so freaking going to launch. Okay. So who wants to hack my funnels? Who wants to actually watch me do this? Now there is a caveat here. When you watch the process, you are going to want to buy. And I am going to do my best to sell you because that's how the process is built. So you're still willing to do this. Who wants to hack my JV funnel? So this link will take you. It will actually go to my main page, but we're going to be able to track you when you follow this one. And when you follow that, it won't happen immediately, but sometime in the first week or two after you join my list, then it will run you through an Evergreen launch. And I didn't even talk about Evergreen launches, but you can set these up so that when someone joins your universe, then they'll go through the launch. So this will take you through an Evergreen launch. We'll open the cart sometime, like 10 days after it starts or something like that. Close the cart. When we close the cart, it's all real. It's all 100% real. You've got to act then. If you don't, then you're going to have to wait. We will do a full out official launch that the world will see. That will come in September. So you could get a second chance in September, and then you'll have to wait another year because we're dead serious about this. But you can basically watch my three videos. They're really well done. My son Daniel does my video and my photos. So when you watch these videos and say, man, those are really amazing, you're like, and the K can drive a car really fast. And he can jump around on mountain bikes like you wouldn't believe it. But what we'll actually do, and this is looking at your product launch formula, but this is a tracking link so that we know you came from this page. And what we'll, you know, we'll actually even invite you to be a partner for us, which is not some, we have a closed partner program. We don't, it's just, it's closed. You have to be someone that I know that we go out to dinner with. Otherwise, people generally don't get invited. But what I'll do is just so you can hack this. And this funnel is just purely email. And it's going to be an email process leading up to our September launch. And that email process will be, what I do is everything I taught you in the launch, all the psychology, we do use that psychology to get our partners excited to promote for us. So we use the launch on them in a couple weeks before the launch to get them jacked up to promote. Does that anyone follow that or you all follow that? So we'll actually, this tracking link will, we'll, we'll, since we'll be able to track it, we'll send out an invite. And if you want, it'll be, if you want to join our affiliate program, again, normally closed, but just for this group, we'll open it up. And then you can just join it. And then nothing's going to happen until we get closer to September, but then you're going to be able to watch those JV emails. So we'll have a list that just goes out to our JVs. And you'll get, and just watch those emails. And you'll just think they're just nice emails, but just start to think about, Oh, where's Jeff doing the authority? Where's the social proof? Where's the scarcity? You know, where's the community? Because I'll hit all those triggers within those JV emails. So that all makes sense. So we'll put this up. I don't know how long we're going to leave it up. But do you see what it just did there? I had this stuff so wired in me, I can't even stop doing it. So, right. But I, yeah, I'm not sure how long, actually Russell put it up for me. So I don't know how long we'll have it up, but go there. You can watch our funnels. We have officially, that's what I've got for you guys. Is that, how does that work? And I think I've got four minutes left or something like that. So do we want to take, anyone got a questions? Do we have time for questions? Sherry and Russell said, okay, we got questions. Wait, we're going to use mics for this. So if you have a question, go ahead and go up to the mic. We have time for maybe one or two questions. Yeah, Ken from Austin, we're still raining. What I'm sorry. Austin, Texas, we're still swamped. Cool. You said after seven days, you, you launched your sales page for seven days. Did you come up with that as that's the right number? Or could it be, I mean, you did mention five too, but have you done some split tests to say, you know, if I leave it up for 14, it works just as well or seven is the magical number. I, okay, great question. Great question. So I actually, my launches are five days or less personally for me. And so one of the things that they're, they're, until you start doing evergreen, these, the one thing is that these are hard to test. It's hard to test five days versus seven days. If you're doing one launch every three months or four months or every year. So once you get started to get into evergreen, then you can start testing and but, but where this really comes from is writing the email copy. And I've done this for, I don't know, dozens and dozens and dozens and dozens of launches. And when you're sitting there trying to think a copy for your 10th or 11th or 12th or 14th day and you're tearing your hair out, because you're seeing the same thing you did the last four days, you can't. So, and also when you start to look at, you know, you'll see this big first day and a smaller second day and then it'll flat line for a few days and then it'll spike up the last 48 hours. And whether you're flat lining for 14 days or four days, doesn't matter, it's still flat lining. And I love momentum, I love power, I love authority. So you could go longer than seven, but you just don't do it. I mean, don't do it. Yeah, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, it, stick to five to seven days. Yeah. You mentioned guru, being an authority without being a guru. What's the difference? Well, I mean, being authority, there's, there's a lot of, a lot of people, I mean, everyone that stepped on this stage instantly to this weekend and will continue tomorrow instantly has authority. I mean, there's levels of authority, but it's, but there's ways to develop it. And so being on stage, you instantly have authority. The doctors in their white coat instantly have authority. Getting reviews has authority. So, you know, the guru's this loaded word, I try and, I used it a couple times up here. I try not to use it because there's a lot of negative connotations. I usually use the word expert, but you know, you just want to be seen as someone who can be trusted. And there's lots and lots of ways to do that. You know, what did I, I came up here and I showed a photo of my book on Amazon. I mentioned, oh, by the way, it's the number one New York Times bestseller. You know, those are not everyone's in New York Times bestseller. It's fine. But just having a book on Amazon is powerful. Why did I show in our, a picture of me with Tony Robbins on Forbes authority? And again, not everyone has those, but if you look somewhere in your life, you can start to pick out those things and then they just build on top of each other, build and build and build and let you, it's like layering in that authority. It's like, where can I pull it? Who can I, can I take a picture with someone who's an authority, borrow their authority? Oh, Apple. I put a photo of the Apple. I watch when I came up here. It doesn't have anything to do with what I'm talking about, right? But I borrowed that authority. Just having that up there while I'm up here. Or Russell was talking about it and also Richard was talking about it. Just on that questionnaire, like where did you hear about us, Facebook or what the examples Russell used. They were all those different brands, but she's never been on any of those, but he borrowed those band authority. So lots of different ways to pull it from. So authority generally isn't something you claim that you yourself have, but rather you, you find examples or places that direct authority or I guess, well, there's all different levels and there's all different ways to establish it. You know, I, I just know from that, that like in general, like when I get on stage, people tend to listen to me. I don't know why, but they do. And so in different, some people are on video, you put them on video and they're like, wow, I need to listen to that person. So sometimes it's for you and sometimes it's, it's borrowed. Usually at the beginning it is borrowed, but then you start to develop it and then you start to project it. So I got time for one more. Yeah. Jeff, I want to thank you. In June, I'll be doing three of your launches. So thank you very much. And, and by way of appreciation, I figure that I can get that car up to Durango in about five hours, 17 minutes if you need somebody to do that for you. Thank you. Thank you. You know, it's really, it's been a real struggle figuring out how we're going to get that thing. Yeah. You know, that's not the first time I've heard that offer. And it won't be the last for me. Thank you. Yeah, you're welcome. Okay. So I really, I'm sorry. I got to run. I'm like overtime and I got to catch my flight. So thank you so much. Really enjoyed being here. Jeff Walker, Jeff Walker, ladies and gentlemen, stand up. Give that man a round of applause. Congratulations. Yesterday, I told you that I have been making money in this industry one main way who can tell me that way. What, what, what, what, what do I personally, just me high ticket sales, high ticket sales and high ticket sales. It's, it's the arguably the thing that I can attribute my success to. How do you guys like easy, easy, just an emcee. No, I actually do this stuff as well. And a while back, Russell started a call center and it had like 60 people in it. Right now, he's got a call center with like two or three people in it and it does as much volume as a call center with 60. Right. And if you're like, Devon, I don't have a call center. I don't worry about all that. Here's what I need you to understand. And this is very, very important to listen very carefully. If you don't have a high ticket sales component to your business, then you are leaving so much money on the table. If you don't have the ability to make your month in one hour, let me say that again. If you don't have the ability to make your month so you can cover all of your bills in one hour, then you are leaving so much money on the table. I agree with me too. Yeah. So that's what we're going to talk about here today. That's what Russell's going to share with you today is exactly how to make that happen. Do you guys want to learn that? Are you sure you want to learn that? Just to make sure here's what I want us to do. Everybody go ahead and stand up for me. And just to make sure you want to have a seat. That's horrible. That's slow. That's yeah, you guys are. Yes, let's try that again. Everybody stand up for me. There we go. Now here's what I want you to do. Where's Russell? There is everybody turn over to Russell and repeat after me. Say Russell. No, you got to say it like you mean it. Say Russell. Would you please share with me the secrets of making it rain and making money fall out of the sky? I just wanted to see you guys and say it. Guys, welcome back to the stage. Russell Brunson. Good morning. How are you feeling today? Look at how bright I am. Happy you guys all are. This is awesome. I'm impressed. I just made people in the room this early on the third day. So good for you guys. I'm excited for this presentation. So you guys are going to get a lot of really cool stuff. I'm going to be showing the evolution of our high ticket funnel. Then you have a chance to see one of my favorite people in the world come up here and he's going to role play with one of you guys and try to sell you. So you can see that process. It'll be fun to watch. And then we've got someone who is a ClickFunnels mega user who's got a high ticket funnel that is just crushing it. They did almost half a million dollars last month with it. And he's going to come and show off his funnel. You guys want to see that too? Okay, it's going to be fun. One real quick thing on housekeeping. I've got probably 30 questions so far this morning about it. Obviously yesterday the funnel certification program we sold a lot more than I was planning on. So thank you guys. I'm glad you're excited. So we're trying to figure out a way we've been calling hotels and stuff to see if we can open up a second week for those of you guys who weren't able to get in who want to do it. We do have to keep them small like I said before just because of the intimate nature. So we're going to see if we can open up another week maybe a month later or something. So if you are so interested and weren't able to get in but you're interested definitely sign up here. I'm not going to be doing the webinar to the list because we're already oversold. So everyone who's not here today that wanted it you just can't get it. So anyway, if you guys are interested in that my team can walk you guys through that and let you know but that's about it. All right. So high ticket stuff. How many of you guys are now already selling high ticket things? Oh good, good, good. We got a lot of you guys. That's awesome. I'm going to hopefully give you some cool ideas. All right. So I'm going to show you guys the scripts and the funnels that we use for all of our high ticket sales. Now first I want to show you guys excuse me. This is a big evolution from kind of where we start out to where we are right now. When we first got started I'm the kind of guy that gets excited about something and then a year later I wake up realizing that wow we just started running in a direction. So like we there was a time when our company was really struggling. I remember it was Christmas time. I was outside and I was hanging up Christmas lights stressing out thinking how in the world am I going to pay payroll next week. At the time I basically hired all my friends and family members which is not typically a good idea to do but I had done that and had all my friends and family members working for me. We weren't making enough money to even cover payroll. It was almost Christmas time and I was like how in the world am I going to pay these guys to be able to be here? Like I felt sick of my stomach knowing that my best friends, my family members, I didn't have money to pay their salary let alone give them like a Christmas bonus. And so I'm hanging up Christmas lights there. I'm thinking about some stuff and I'm listening to a couple people selling some different things and talking through their processes. And one of these talks I was listening to guys started talking about how they sold high ticket things on the phone. And I never even thought about that before. I was an internet nerd. All I knew was that people bought things through emails and he's like yeah if you send an email and tell them to go on the phone you can sell them more expensive things on the phone. I was like well that's a great idea and I started thinking through the numbers in my head. I'm like okay this strategy might actually work. Like this could actually save our company. So that night I called the eight people to work for me. I said meet us tomorrow in the office. I've got an idea to try to save the company by the way. There's no money for payroll so make sure you show up otherwise like we're all screwed. So everybody luckily showed up next morning. I said this is the process of what we're going to do. We kind of put together a plan and we started sending out some emails to our little list at the time. People started calling or started a there's a whole funnel we had but we started calling these people that came in. And in the first week of doing that we had built a $5,500 coaching program and we sold 10 people the first week of that. So we made $55,000. It covered payroll. It gave everyone Christmas bonuses and it got us through the new year and it kind of launched this little high ticket thing we were doing. And then fast forward like two years later I had a huge call center with 60 sales people, 20 full-time coaches. It was just one of those things we wake up one morning and you're like what in the world am I doing? I'm like a little kid. Why do I have 100 employees? This is not a good thing especially for someone like me who's not that good at managing people. So that's kind of what happened. And the process here's kind of the process. First I was calling people and I was really bad at it. Calling people scares me to death. How many of you guys would rather die than talk to somebody on the phone? Okay, I'm one of those people. So like it scares me so bad to talk to anybody on the phone. Every once in a while Robbie or Randall will be like hey will you talk to someone on the phone? I'm like no. Every time I do I screw up the cell because I get all I get. I just don't do good at it. It scares me to death. I don't like it. So then we started doing this little call center like I said and then eventually built up to a call center. We had about 60 full-time sales people. We had 20,000 square foot building and it was a lot of pain. Now this is one number I want you guys to remember because I'm going to walk you through the evolution of this number. When we had this big team we were averaging about $120 DPL. It stands for dollars per lead. So every lead we got that we would call we'd average $120 per lead. Which is actually pretty good. It's a little above the industry standard of a sales floor. That's kind of what we were doing. And then what we found is this really interesting process. All of our customers who were buying things we started sending them out this letter and we affectionately nicknamed it the toilet letter because there's this little doodle of a toilet right here. It says flush that our graphics center put on there. And so we always called this the toilet letter. And anytime somebody bought a product we'd send them this toilet letter. And the toilet letter basically was like hey thanks for being a customer. You're awesome. We've got this really cool gift for you. If you just call this number then we'll send you out this gift. And what happened they would call that number and it would come to one of our sales people. They would answer the phone and then they would get the address, send the gift and then they would sell the person the thing. And what was interesting is when we started doing that at first we did it for like a month or so and then I wasn't paying attention to the numbers or anything. And after a while I was just like we're spending all this money on posters and shipping. Let's just stop doing that. So we stopped doing it. And then about a month later Robby came to me and said what happens to those toilet letter leads? Like where are those? Like missiles coming in. I'm like I don't we stop sending the letter out. He's like why would you do that? Those were every time the best leads we ever had. I was like really? And he said yeah. I'm like well how good were they? So we went back and did the math and I think here for every single person that they created the inbound call where they were calling us we were averaging $450 per lead. Which was our first big a-ha. Like wow we make like three times as much money if they call us. Can you think about psychology? One of them is you're sitting at home and also some dude called you on the phone and you're like annoyed right? The other way you're calling somebody for something and then they on the phone it just changes the whole paradigm of how the conversation happens right? And so when we understood this it became our big mission is like what can we do to get people to call us instead of us outbound calling them. And so we built out systems and follow up sequences and all sorts of things that would get inbound calls to be initiated to us. And when they were like I said it was worth almost three times as much to us every single person they called in. Now that was the old hard way. Crossed out because it was not fun. Who here wants to manage 60 salespeople? How many guys here are salespeople? Okay so salespeople and I apologize to my salespeople over here. I love them to death but they are the most high maintenance people on earth. They um like you have to like bow to them. They know they're amazing and because of that like it's just hard like it and 60 of them so much testosterone flowing and egos and fights and it was just it was nuts. So we shut that down man probably five or six years ago now and one of the greatest things I ever did is got rid of it. And we didn't do any high ticket things for about three or four years and I was just like so grateful to not have to have the management and the people and all those kind of headaches. But after three or four years we started getting a lot of requests like would you have high end coaching? Do you have other things like what else do you guys have to offer? And we didn't and we never did and I started missing you know big ticket money. It's nice to get big checks every once in a while right? And so we started missing that and so we said well we want to do this high ticket stuff again but we do not want to do it the way it was before. I don't want 60 salespeople. I don't want to stop outbound calling a bunch of people. I don't like I just if we're going to do it we got to figure out a different way a better way and we got to figure out a way to do it. And so I started studying a lot of people who were talking about high ticket stuff and most of them their process was pretty cool. They were creating people getting people to apply or things like that but then they were always on the phone. And I was like I know that I will never get on the phone. I get scared to be more than almost anything in the world. And so I was like I don't like there are pieces I like to this person and this person and things like that but I just I don't like how any of them are doing it because almost all of them require me personally to get on the phone at some point in the process. And I was not willing to do that. And so we got to figure out a better way to do it. So we started trying a bunch of things and eventually created a new way that we've been running for about two years now that's it's amazing. We average I think we average a little over $70,000 a week consistently with just two salespeople which is just amazing. The coolest thing is that they're commission based so that we only pay them when they do make sales. And again notice I said we did this with just two people and not 60 people. Our gross revenues are almost the same as when we had 60 people. Our net revenues are like five times as much. And so I would never go back to the old model this model works and something that all of you guys can do. And some of our students some of our inner circle night members like no Jason just launched his call he voxed me the other day he's like first cell came in like next day second cell came in how many you got what half a dozen cells an hour so they keep coming in he's doing this this process right I know Liz just recently started doing this process a bunch of our people are doing it now and it's something that's powerful that I recommend for all of you guys as the back end of any and all of your funnels. You know we add this and I'll kind of show you as the process but we plug this into the back end of all of our funnels now and just makes every funnel become exponentially more more profitable. Okay so first thing is I want to talk about how to structure your high ticket program because I think this is important to really figure out what you're going to be selling. We restructured ours probably 10 times in the last two years before we really got what works for me and for our students and for everybody that's kind of involved. The first thing I want to point out is that what you're selling is a high ticket thing so make sure you keep it as high as possible. Okay for the five or six years or four or five years we had the call center we were selling a $5,000 program like that in my mind was like high ticket as all we sold is this $5,000 program which was cool. The biggest problem is that a lot of people that buy a $5,000 program how do I say this nicely it was difficult to work with we had some really good people come through but they they were a lot harder to work with. When we launched this new coaching program our minimum price like the lowest thing we sell right now is $12,000 and by raising our prices to the minimum being $12,000 it weeded out literally almost every person who was a pain in my neck. It's really weird how that happens. People that can afford to spend more typically are way lower maintenance so the first thing is like don't be like well I'm going to do mine at like a lot less like a lot less because as soon as you do that you start letting in people I promise you you're not going to want you're not going to have as much fun with. The more money that people spend the higher quality are the more the more time you can you can spend working with them and so the biggest thing like I said is is high tickets so make sure you're selling high ticket. Don't chicken out and go low okay because as soon as you start low it's hard to get sales people to want to sell higher and higher. Every time we've tried like increase you know from 5,000 to 8 from 8 to 10 to 10 to 12 it's like a process to re-get the sales guys comfortable with it and eventually they love it because they're like wow this is this is way better and you can ask Robbie around or anyone it's just it's actually almost easier to sell someone at $25,000 than it is at 10 and it's way easier than someone at 5. Someone at 5 is like the hardest sell because typically someone who can afford 5 it's just harder to get for whatever reason it's harder to get that sale but somebody who you know if it's 12 or whatever 10 whatever your take your higher ticket thing is they can't afford that you can get off phone them really really quick and if they can't afford it they just it's a lot easier process so make sure that you keep it high. Second thing is I recommend is having at least two different levels in your program because for a lot of reasons but one of them is you want to give people some options. I don't like having just one cookie cutter thing because not everyone's going to fit into it so when we kind of relaunch ours we build out two different two different levels with one called ignite and one called inner circle. How many of our ignite members are in here right now raise your hand? Whoo! How many of our inner circle members in here right now? All right cool so this is um we say we have these out the first days so you guys kind of see this but um I wanted I wanted to give these to you guys one is I would love first off you guys to join either ignite or circle program obviously but second off um this is I mean I want you guys funnel hacking me like this is a tool this is uh me mapping out exactly how both our coaching programs work to give you guys idea about how to structure yours so I'll kind of show you um the first one here is our dot com secrets ignite this is our $12,000 program if you go through you see kind of the way the process works right um the first thing that happens is we've got um 10 weekly modules that people go through and uh they go through module number one they go through the process and then there's accountability coach at the end they got a phone accountability coach he looks what they're doing checks it off make sure they they get it done right and then they go to module two three four and they go through all 10 modules at the end of the 10 they have a funnel they've launched it traffic's coming to it and then we do these things we call our mini hackathons where they come on and I log into their funnel and I just go and I fix it or I rebuild it or I do whatever I want to do and we did one like two weeks ago um do you want to come to my funnel quick do you mind sharing I took you this funnel right here do you mind sharing like just before and after is what we did with your funnel it was so much fun this is like me like a little kid in a candy store so I basically logged into his account and uh he had his funnel done and I anyway I'll let him tell you kind of the before and afters uh yeah my original funnel was put together by Christian and uh it was a trip wire followed by an op cell and another op cell the trip wire was working okay we were getting pretty good conversion rates on that and and the value of the of the trip was basically it was self financing but we weren't getting any further than that so um I got in touch with Russell and said you know this is what's happening and uh he offered to redo um so I was funneled which you reckon would take half an hour well I thought that was pretty optimistic when he turned out uh he was on the phone uh sorry he was he spent 90 minutes rebuilding it and that's two thirds of the funnel so the last bit I can do myself there's no problem at all but the difference between Christian's funnel and Russell's funnel was just amazing we haven't gone live the year because I've been so busy for the last couple weeks I haven't had time to finish off but hopefully in the next 10 days 14 days I should be able to get it to work awesome thanks give him a round of applause so for us that's what we do we have our our ignite members go through a 10 module training program they got a funnel they launched they did some traffic and then they bring it to me and say Russell what do you think and I log in their account and sometimes it's just awesome I'm like there you go and sometimes it sucks and we go and rebuild it how many of you guys would like me to rebuild your funnel when you're done with it okay so that's kind of how this program works for us we also do two events and boys each year that a lot more intimate than this and that's kind of how our ignite program works so that's that's our 12,000 dollar program so you guys can see how we kind of structure that and then our inner circle program is uh a little difference this is our 25,000 dollar program and basically in here um everyone who goes through uh inner circle has ability to go through ignite if they would like some people do some people don't um and then uh one cool thing is everyone who gets into our inner circle program gets voxer access with me voxers like a walkie-talkie and they can talk with me whenever they want ask me questions 24 hours a day seven days a week and some of you guys do as you know um which is kind of fun uh we do small intimate mastermind meetings and usually they break out in street fights and so that's kind of what happens uh in the inner circle and uh I don't know if john's in the room good we can make fun of him then so this is when I destroyed john in a wrestling match he may have won in the ferrari racing contest but he lost in the in the mastermind or anyway um anyway so that's kind of how we structure our our inner circle program so that'll give you guys an idea of kind of how we structure our programs and you kind of think about how does that how does that work for you like how can you relate that and I know some of you guys aren't in like business programs some of you guys are in fitness some of you guys are in different ways but hopefully they give you kind of a template of how we structure things and give you a good idea of how how to kind of structure yours one thing that we did when we were kind of um doing ours the very first time is we walked in white in in a room on a whiteboard so like like if we were to to serve people at the highest level like what could we do for them and we kind of figured out and mapped it out and figured out our process and we went with it and did it live for a while and then after a while we found out what we liked what we didn't like and let's restructure let's re-change it like our night program we used to come in and people have a call with me initially for an hour and if they're there they go and start working on their funnels and the problem is like it didn't is people get a bunch of information up front and they go and they get kind of lost along the way so that's why we restructured this new way where it's like here's a structure program go through these things and at the end of it you've got something that's that's mostly done and then we do our call then I get on and now I can do a lot more uh I can help a lot more a lot faster um taking what you've got and just tweaking it and getting it um getting it perfect so anyway it's kind of a cool thing and and don't feel bad like morphing and you guys can ask these guys here we've morphed our program in the last year a dozen times or more and we always just give everyone that's in it the new stuff and just keep going through and keep refining and it gets better and better each time as we go so all right now I'm going to talk about the funnels that we use to get people into our high ticket programs um and there's two core funnels that we use and uh and I like the second one better than this one but this one uh works really good as well and so we have both of them so the first type of funnel that we use is a case study how many you guys have a case study right now of someone that you've worked with in the past that's done some awesome stuff okay cool so if you've got a case today this works really really good so we had a case study of a type of funnel we created called the black box funnel and uh and one of our students named Brittany she went through and used it and uh she has a list of about 10 000 people and the first time she launched she made 89 000 and so I made a video case study to say hey this is a case study this is Brittany this is what she did this is and walked through the whole process of what she did how it all worked and said hey if you're interested in in uh having us help you to set up the same thing for Brittany then click and apply down below they put their name in the email address and then they're taking the page number two in the funnel does that make sense so this is a pretty easy one to do uh these are fun because it's really easy to advertise these on on Facebook as well like here's a case study about how so and so did whatever okay and so um we'll probably excuse me we'll probably do a lot more of these case study ones in the future um just because you can find some really unique angles and it gives you the ability to target people that you like very specific people you want remember yesterday during the trip wire day I was talking about like we create bait to attract the kind of person we want right um so for example let's say let's just say you wanted to go out to their authors and you went you found an author you certain you got to get a case study now you can take that case study and say attention authors let me show you a case study how I took this person's book and did blah blah blah blah right or let's say you're going after uh so you're in a weight loss market and you want to go after uh men who have low testosterone you can say hey here's a case study how I increase this man's testosterone from this to this and now you can tar and speak exactly to the demographic of the people you want does that make sense so you can get your case studies and craft them as bait to attract your dream people and get them into your into your world okay so that's the first thing is is a case study the second type and this is one that I personally like more um just because um I think the strongest way to sell any kind of high ticket thing isn't necessarily you talking about how great it is I think uh like we talked about yesterday talking about getting the result first getting someone changing their life blowing their minds giving them an amazing result first after they get that awesome result then have them talk about it right it works way better so this is the this is kind of the application page where I'd say probably 80 percent of our people go through right now and it's got this one right here's got Drew canole his story him telling his story about what working with me did how it helped him and then there's a big uh apply button down below okay and I got kind of a long form of cells let it down below it kind of talks more about the program and the cool stuff they get and things like that but this is kind of um our core page and so for me you remember yesterday I talked about like every time you serve someone to get a result like get that person fly them to you and and try to capture that capture that that that thing right so I'm a big believer in that um I'm not sure if Liz is in the room if not we're gonna embarrass her oh good it's gonna be so much fun okay so I'm gonna show you guys uh so this is one of my favorite people on earth I'm gonna show you her video this is um this video is like I think three minutes long and um and I want you guys to watch it for a couple things one is I want um I want you to listen what she's saying but listen look at more like how we capture this because I'm gonna I'm gonna coach you guys through that process next because um this is the important part is how you're capturing the testimonials and so you'll kind of see it here and I'm gonna break it down afterwards and walk you through like what what you should be looking for okay so we've got sound for the video all right here we go so I want to tell you something um hiring Russell Brunson was bar none one of the best decisions I've ever made in my entire life and I want to tell you that when you work with him he takes you on this journey that you you won't even know that um that you're gonna go on like it's like I at the very beginning I had all these hopes and dreams and visions and I honestly thought that yay I'm working with the overnight success maker and like I thought whoa I'm gonna make like $500,000 in the first month of working with him but you know what the eventuality is that sometimes in life it doesn't always work out the exact way that you want it to work out and that's certainly where it got to for me so my 2014 was one of the hardest years I've ever had in my entire life like there was cancer in the family um people were in hospital I thought I was gonna um at one stage I um you know I thought I was gonna lose my partner like it just wasn't a pleasant scenario at all and by losing my partner I mean like hospitalization like really not like from really bad health issues and you know there were just times when I promised you I wanted to give up and sometimes I actually when I when I say that I don't just mean give up in business like I I for me when I was like when I hired Russell it really was like do like sounds really dramatic but I like my life's mission it's so it's so big like I really really really wanted to connect with someone who could get me to the next level who could help me really get from that really stranded grounded place you know sitting at my office every single day to a place where I'm you know helping like people all around the world and that's why I chose Russell but man it was hard it was really really really hard at times to have to deal with those things that come up in your personal life all the time like it was not an easy scenario in 2014 but I'm really really really grateful that I listened to Russell I'm really grateful that I hired him as a coach like the man has changed my life forever like what you know once you're like my mind has been blown completely it's and there's no way back like I I know that anything is possible now give a round of applause that awesome hey are you guys able to freeze frame on that video like pull up just freeze frame on any of the shots I want to show you guys so a couple things um when we first started getting videos done um yeah that's perfect we would uh she's fucking mad about that huh she's not here she slept in today um we hired some video people who were amazing and they were not cheap and they cost a lot of money first to go and capture some amazing testimonials but after I saw the process of what they were doing we funnel hacked the concept and the process and we started doing ourselves and some really powerful things that that I learned through this process and I would say half of the videos we get nowadays testimonials we get with either my iPhone or my iPad so they don't have to be huge expensive oh fast forward one second Liz good morning can you fast forward one frame maybe or two frames she doesn't kill me that that one's good that one's good she's so mad at me right now all right okay so a couple of things um when you're capturing your results from people a couple things to note one thing notice that she's not looking directly at the camera um she wants to curse me out right now look at her I'm just kidding no notice she's not looking directly at the camera the first thing is that when a test when someone's sharing their result and they're looking directly at the camera there's this level of like insincerity there it's really really weird and so when you're when you're capturing someone they don't have an iPad I can hold for a second do you iPad in your pocket can I borrow one real quick Dave can I borrow you okay so I don't know your password huh I just need to uh get the camera up so I can do it quick perfecting sound all right let's go up on stage real quick okay okay so a couple things is when I'm interviewing Dave the first thing you notice is that I'm talking to him but I'm gonna how can I show the camera on this there we go okay I'm gonna I'm gonna talk I'm gonna stand right here and Dave's gonna talk to me if you thought the shadow okay you're standing over this way a little bit so a couple things I'm gonna off center him a little bit he's not gonna be centered right in the middle he's gonna be off centered just a little bit and when I talk to him I'm gonna interview him I'm gonna be talking right here he's talking directly to me okay so that way he's not looking directly camera he's talking to me and then I'm gonna coach him through how many guys have got testimonials in the past where you're like in a white room on a white background the guy's got a microphone he's like I went to the thing and it was really good and I think that's gonna help me in the future right those don't help those hurt you so much and so me as the person getting the testimony like like I've got to kind of I got to know what I want from somebody I got to know what I'm looking for and I got to ask them questions it's like an interview okay now I wasn't there for Liz's interview someone else interviewed her but for a lot of them I'm there and I actually interviewed asking questions from right so I would say something like um K Dave so I've got a question for you and I'll ask him a question and then he answers okay and ask him the question he answers and I keep asking questions until I get the sound bites and the things that I need okay so that's kind of the big the big keys is off centering him in the camera having him talk to me directly not to the camera I also like trying to find a good background I hate it against the white wall I go outside go find some trees in the background or something just make it look good and then record it ask a bunch of interview questions from there you couldn't go and pull out each of your questions you know you don't hear the person asking the questions you just hear the responses add a nice music track and boom you've got gold that fast cool thank you take that back down a lot of people stress out in the right I don't have a big video production crew I don't have this on this side you don't need to have that that's what you need to do is understanding that also like do you notice how close the zoom in is I don't have it where like the person's really really small and the thing like you want to be up and personal and in because that's what you're trying to capture is them and their emotion and the next thing is that people always ask me well what questions how how should I be interviewing this person and so for me whenever I'm interviewing someone I'm thinking about like the journey they came on right what was life like and what were things like before they got started okay they're gonna tell you like well this is what happened this is what happened and then most people stop there and they get nervous because they're like okay the person said that let me move on to the next thing but for you to get like the emotional response that you want you've got to dig a little bit deeper so for example if someone if you ask someone like so before you guys start with our program tell me about what your life was about and they're like oh well you know it was hard because you know I worked really late at night and I didn't get to see my kids very often it was really really hard that's the surface level what they're gonna tell you so then you have to ask a follow-up question to dig a little bit deeper so then you say something like well what was it like not seeing your kids every single night and also they well up in tears and like it was so hard because I couldn't see my kids every single night right and that's the goal that's what you need to get so they're gonna give you the surface level question every single time and you got to dig another step deeper what were the feelings how did you feel what was it like what was um how was the relationship with your spouse like or whatever those things are and you dig deeper and deeper and deeper okay so we start with like the past what things were like what is like when they were going through the process and then what's the future like okay because the person watching this the the likelihood is that they're in the exact same starting spot that this person was at okay and so the story needs to begin where that person's at so they can have a very good relate they can relate to him there okay that's why I asked about the past then you got to talk about what's happening in the program how the whole thing works that's gonna they help them see that there's this process or something cool in place then you got to talk about the future and the person over here is watching this who's sitting in this spot is gonna see the future this person has and that's what they want that's why they're hiring you for coaching that's why they're gonna spend a lot of money with you it's because they want that same result that this person got okay now you notice that in that video like Liz never gave any income claims she never talked about there's nothing like weird about it she just talked about her experience and her emotion and what happened and uh and that's what people relate to does that make sense okay so that's the key as every time every time um you have someone who you help them in any aspect you need to make sure you capture those things um we had it stands like in the room Mike's here so Mike so Mike had a really amazing experience I'm not sure if he has seen his video or not um but uh same kind of thing he went should I tell your story this is like my favorite story in the world so um he was at Tony Robbins event with some dude and uh and uh they they met up there and then this guy anyway wanted to basically bum a ride on him back home from from the events they're riding back home and this guy apparently is an internet marketing guy he's been studying stuff he knew who I was so he's driving back home and like convinces Mike like we are getting internet marketing we gotta start our own businesses we're gonna make a bunch of money it's gonna be awesome so Mike's like I don't even know what internet marketing is like but this guy's excited I'm excited like let's go and so they get back home and a couple days later the guy's like okay I uh in fact the guy called us it was like eight o'clock or nine o'clock in the morning he called and talked to Robbie he was like I went to my Robbins event I'm fired up I want to join your inner circle and uh and my friend wants to join too and so Robbie gets all excited and basically signs up to one guy and then like four hours later Mike calls and is like hey my buddy just got in I want to sign up I want to get in as well and so Robbie's coming in like we got two people to join the inner circle in one day he's going nuts and then and then like two hours later he's like oh the first guy signed up just dropped out so that's what we see on my side so I didn't know this on Mike's side he we flew him to Boise and had him tell the story uh eight months later because it was one of the most fascinating things but his buddy basically told Mike like hey we're both gonna get in get involved they both got involved and then uh and then he dropped out and Mike's like stuck he just paid 25 thousand dollars he came in he came in the program and he's like that was all his money was his college money he dropped out of college he took the money and bought into inner circle and uh and then he's like well dude that's all the money like we're gonna do this together and the guy's like sorry man I can't do it and Mike's got just incredible integrity instead of like calling us up and you know I got my money back my buddy screwed me over he's like all right well I'm going to Boise flies to Boise comes to our first meeting and like he was like as green as green can be he didn't know anything about anything I remember like being nervous like man like usually people in our circle have businesses right when they come in Mike comes in and just like a sponge like everything he's just like like we were first meeting like the the inner circle people get up and present their businesses and we're like he wants to go first and he jumps up and the first guy up there like sharing this whole and doesn't even have a business yet doesn't have anything but he's the first one up there sharing and like a sponge he goes through this first this first process and uh and just everything he say he does just listens does it listens implements boom boom boom just does it does it does it next meeting comes back and he's like basically running our meetings that point he's teaching people I just taking over control and um and uh then he started driving traffic for people all sorts of stuff and um anyway eight months later he he's making good money he's got a full-time income everything else money's coming on from uh from the scene so uh about the same time his buddy who had signed up before basically called him up and was like Mike what's happening what's going on and Mike's like I've got a business all the stuff we talked about that night driving over Tony Robbins having a business making money serving other people changing lives I'm there right now he's like what's happened to you he was like nothing I haven't like I'm the exact same spot I was eight months ago and so we captured that video and it's one of the most amazing things to show like two people both got started the exact same circumstances the exact same foundation and eight months later one had this experience one had this experience and so we captured that and that video has been amazing for bringing in new people okay and so for you guys you gotta think about like what what stories do you have and every time you get one like with Mike when he told me that story what I do I paid some money flew him to Boise and I captured it okay because I want that that's worth so much money to me so much value to me and so anytime you have a result pay people to fly out same thing when we had a nurse cell when customers started calling us and they were saying hey this is working I'm in no longer in pain I can walk again first thing I did said can I pay for a flight for you to fly to Boise I want to capture this and we flew Jack and we flew Gina in we filmed this whole thing and boom we took those results and that launched nurse cells brand it made us as much money as it did okay so this is the goal you guys every time you serve something every time you get a result you've got to capture pay the money fly them and it'll be worth the three or four thousand dollars to cost you to get someone there or fly someone out to them or whatever it is but make sure you capture those things those moments they're amazing they're amazing payoff for you as well like I don't know every time I watch Liz's video or Mike's any of these videos I get it impacts me it gets me excited and helps me to realize what we're doing is changing people but then also it helps inspire other people and gets more it gives you the ability to serve more people and bring more people in all right back to the slides okay and then after you do that then thanks to click funnels you just make lots of pages so I have the exact same page and every time I get a new one of these I just clone the page take out the top video plug the next video give to our Facebook guys and boom a whole bunch of new leads start coming in with the next one comes in I clone the page take out the top video through a new video and I just clone it but he doing over and over and over I think I would have 12 or 13 versions of this page the page is always exactly the same just different testimonial video top that makes sense and it's just magic every time we do that it brings in a whole new lead and what's interesting is that every one of these things when you put them out there will attract different type of people so it comes back to the whole bait type thing when we got Liz's video we started it was interesting because we started getting all these amazing women joining our program when we had Drew's we also got a lot of amazing women joining our program but that's I didn't want to meet him or something I don't know but with Mike's we get people like the younger cooler like that type of crowd like with Tony we get Tony's crowd in like so it's just interesting when you see like the people the things you put out there the different types of people that it'll track in all right so that's that's the first page in our funnel after somebody watches the the case they do the case study video or the results video and they put in their email address then we take the page number two okay and this is where I'm asking them for a lot more information okay I don't do this on the first page some people do but I like doing it on the second page because because just in case they they get intimidated by a long form they don't come back I want to keep following up them until they filled out the form on this form I've got a video and my goal this video is to kind of future pace where they're going to go okay so I basically say hey this is Russell I'm so glad to have you here while you're filling out this form on this page I want to I want to show you some videos of people who were just like you who came to the same spot they were nervous just like you they didn't know what they were going to do and I just want you to hear their stories about what happened after this because you are like this far away from being able to have an experience like they had so let me just share with you their experience and it cuts from me and it shows some more testimonials people talking about their experience talking about great it is and so they're watching this while they're filling out the form and what's interesting is it's kind of fun to see these applications come through because I know people are watching this whole video because they'll say in in some of the question boxes like yeah like when Natasha was talking about this in her video like that resonated with me or when when so-and-so said this and so you see like they're listening to it and it's helping them to to fill out the form and it's getting them to do the next things okay one of the people working right now they don't have a lot of testimonials yet and so instead they just put a video of them there again future pace and talking about like this is what's going to be like like when you first come to the program uh you're on time chance talk to me and then after that this is what we're going to do and then we're going to go to here and just kind of uh walking them through and coaching through the process of what to expect okay the more excited you can get them to to be about the future about what's going to happen after this the better applications are going to come in through the through the process okay so that's step number two in the application process then we move them on to step number three and step number three is really the first time that they're they're really introduced to me as a person the most part is going case study it's going more you know me talking about them and here is where I'm trying to build an emotional bond with them okay I need them to understand why I care about them and their business because if they don't think that I care they're not going to sign up that's really the key and so for me I show a video here and this video is embarrassing I cry like three times in it but um I need them to understand that I care because I do okay and so I talked about like why business is so important for me I tell a story about my wife and I how we couldn't get pregnant um and uh and eventually because there was a business that was willing to put themselves out there into mark and to advertise we found out about it and they were able to help us get pregnant and because of that like I I care about business I know that every single one of you guys in here has something that you can do to change the world like we met Liz she was doing awesome stuff already and I told her I was like I'm like you are a rockstrike we just need to like get your message and you out you are going to change the world and she is right now I'm watching her I'm seeing if you see the the group that she has with her customers like she is changing people's lives and so for me like my mission is like I know that the people she's teaching and helping like most of the people don't relate to me I'm not going to be able to help them at all but if I can help her get her message out to more people like that's my mission in life right and I need these I need people to understand that so that's why I have this video here that's what the homework page is is really I'm trying to make an emotional connection with them okay um and so that's kind of the thing so for you guys on the third page is the homework page is trying to build that connection explaining why you care about them as a person why it's important for you that you're serving them um that's kind of what's here and then I like to give I like to help them understand what's going to be happening because they just applied now it's like now now it happens you know like they're kind of they're stuck there and so uh second section here is I say here's what to expect in the next few days we're going to be reviewing applications some of my team is going to call you if you're a good fit then we'll we'll get you to the program if not then we'll try to point you and steer you in some other direction and then if you're ready to start right now boom and this is kind of where we start our our toilet letter process right I tell you before I can set a toilet letter get them to inbound same thing I want people to inbound if possible and so basically if you're ready to start right now it doesn't mean you can get in because we don't accept everyone we don't we tell we get we tell a lot of people no we just can't we we only pick people we know we can help help serve and help and help in a quick quick way and so uh but if they want to get the front line they can call us right now so we have the call and we have emails that go out a whole bunch of things in place to get people to inbound call okay if they can inbound call it's always better for us um and then I get people some more assignments down here I have them watch some videos and and just stuff to help again um help them to to trust us to like us to know us um because for me it's all about that it's all about it's all about the trust right and I hope you guys I hope you guys feel that from from me and from our team like that's our goal all the time is trying to be transparent as possible and trying to build trust and faith in us because that's what gets somebody to be willing to write a check like someone like Mike like he had 25 000 dollars and I think he had what 28 000 you told me like he's writing this check sends it to me he's like I have three thousand dollars left and I gotta go like I'm out of money like I don't have a job like this is gonna get to zero and then I'm done like he had enough faith in me to write a check like you can't just do that by by trying to do some slick sales process or some tricky thing like you've got to really care and we do and uh and I hope that that you guys feel that I hope you all understand that from your side like the more you care about people the more you put into them and their success um the better the more people will will keep coming back and start working with you okay so that's page number three is our homework we're building the bond and uh and then the next step of the process this is the fun part is where you get to have a chance to talk to someone on our team now uh or for you guys for your team so we do it we've got kind of a two-step um sales process I'll kind of show you really quick and I'm gonna have Robbie come up and role play a little bit with you guys um there's basically there's two people that work in this process there's the first person and then there's the second person okay take my stick figure someone might mocking my stick figures all right so the first person's job is really again to figure out well Robbie can't explain this more but but this person's job is really figure out like what it is makes this person take and can we work with them or is it is it something that we can help them with and if they become a good fit then they go to the next person who then will get them involved and get them rolled in program this person kind of is the the initial filter and Robbie's gonna come up and do some really cool uh role playing with one of you guys just to show you how how this process works and how the scripts and how that everything works so real quick back story before I bring Robbie up um I've been working with Robbie for how long now seven six seven years eight years something like that uh when he first came to us we had this little tiny call center that wasn't doing too much he came in and um his skill set him as a person I mean if you guys haven't met him yet one of the most um caring people I've ever met just amazing person uh he took it and helped us to grow it and after we shut it down um you know he went and did some other things and uh and we came back and and uh initially I hired two sales people and we first kind of started this new process and they were trying they could not sell anything for the life and they couldn't they couldn't close any deals and um we had a bunch of leads and for about uh two or three weeks nobody nobody would nobody would sign up I'm like what's like what's wrong like I swear we're using the same scripts that we were used to use like why are people not signing up so I called Robbie up I was like hey man do you mind if you like just came and train these guys for a couple hours and just help them to to figure out how to sell so he's like yeah sure so he came um well first he closed me on how much money I needed to pay him to train him I mean isn't always hard calling a sales guy like asking for a favor it's like yeah I can do I can do that this is what it's gonna take anyway so he's closing me um I write him a check he comes trains these guys on a Friday the next day was Saturday they picked up the phone and they worked for an hour that day are two sales people in the first hour they did 36,000 dollars in sales that nuts I call Robbie yeah I call Robbie and I'm like Robbie they made 36,000 dollars in sales today guess the first thing he told me is I did not charge you enough so that's that's Robbie but um and luckily after that we were able to have him come back on our team and he's he uh most of you guys have had a chance you know in the inner circle night for that chance to work with him he's amazing and uh and uh just one of the most caring and uh and awesome people on her so I'm gonna have him come up real quick everyone let's stand up and put our hands together for Robbie Summers how many of you guys wake up in the morning and are ecstatic about going out and doing the sales process like you can't wait to get on the phone to go out to make that cold call you can't wait to go knock on the door to go talk to a new prospector if that's you raise your hand can you say like two we we got fight 600 people there's two okay there's two three people here okay how many of you guys are a little bit more like Russell and the phone scares him a little bit get a little bit worried about it okay how many guys want more sales in your business period okay so so what what we're gonna do is is we're gonna cover a couple of things I'm gonna talk about some things with you and each one of those things that we've just talked about those questions that I've asked you we're gonna cover to be able to help you guys out and give you guys just a little bit that you can do to make that process easy because the beauty behind sales is sales are easy when it's done right sales aren't that old greasy car salesman and I'm loud I know but that's just me okay when I sit down and I do a sale it tones down and we find out about the people the first thing you guys need to know you guys need to understand about sales is your product doesn't matter write it down please your product your service whatever it is that you're doing it doesn't matter so often I hear people they'll come in and they'll start talking to somebody about there's these these expert sales people and they'll start talking about their product and how it's going to change their life and they start vomiting on the client in fact I remember a few years ago I was in Texas and I was I was talking to some people and I had this guy that he's kind of a crusty had a cowboy hat on John Wayne type guy okay comes up and he was talking to me and as I'm looking at them another guy he mentions to me that he's a he's a restaurant owner this guy comes in and and the cowboy you know he's got he's got a chew that's been like like a week and a half okay I wasn't taking it out and he's like oh my goodness I sell states and I sell chicken and I sell ribs I sell all these things and you gotta come by because I have the highest quality meat and it's on and on and just spewing and spewing and this guy who's a restaurant owner just listens he's kind of quiet a little bit a little bit reserved holds back and and he goes hey thank you appreciate your time gives him the card and I looked at him I go John well he was kind of loud and obnoxious wasn't he's like yeah he kind of was for me to say that okay the guy was really loud I'm really obnoxious okay and and I look at John I go John what what kind of restaurant you own because I get to vegan you know what the sad thing about it was is this cowboy guy I spent some time with him later on and he has like some of the best organic produce the best quality products that this other restaurant owner could have used if he would have taken a minute to find out about the person on the other end of the line it doesn't matter what Russell can do it doesn't matter what your client what they want to do or what what you can do for your client the only thing that matters is your client and so what I want to do is I want to bring somebody up on stage and we're going to a little bit of role play and I've got a couple things are going to be kind of cool that we're going to do one of the things that whoever I bring up on stage is going to get to do is they're going to get to ask Russell personally the number one question that they need help with in marketing specific to their business okay so we're going to talk about that and how that works but I I need somebody who uh isn't afraid to jump up on stage and uh man my goodness in the black shirt right there would you come up here what's your name Christina we hold that microphone for me okay so when I go through the process and the high ticket process that Russell's been talking about I'm on the phone so Christina if for this process because most of you guys in a lot of ways you guys are going to do your high ticket sales it is going to be on the phone if I'm not looking directly at you it's not because I'm avoiding you it's because I'm on the phone mentally okay so a couple things are going to happen and we're going to role play and Christina I want you to imagine for just a moment okay that you've gone through that process that Russell's just shown up there okay you've gone through that's key that's critical to have the process the right way getting the leads coming in the right way you fill out an application you're interested in internet marketing maybe you don't know a whole ton about Russell Brunson but you know you want and you need to do something okay and we're going to talk about this process Christina right yeah Christina we're going to talk about this process and how this works after Christina gets done done with the role play but so I'm going to pretend for a minute ring ring hello is Christina there this is she Christina my name is Robbie I'm calling with Russell Brunson's office how are you doing today I'm doing pretty well you good thank you hey Christina I noticed you filled out this this application here that that Russell had sent to you and it says that you're you're pretty interested in working with Russell Brunson is that right if I can afford it yes Christina tell me a little bit about your business and what's going on so I can help you to know if you can well I've been doing a lot of research I've watched I was one of the upsells with the $47 webinar when I first bought ClickFunnels and I thought it was amazing so I think when I read the book I haven't read the book yet haven't gotten it yet little issue there huh yeah so I'm not sure how you guys are with Christina that's awesome but Christina what are you doing right now online to make money we have a website for migraine sufferers tell me a little bit about it Christina so we just have the slide like the proverbial sign up button and it's interesting what you said before because I shouldn't mention that but anyway the doctor will say everything like we can do methylation genetic testing and you know the reason why you haven't been able to cure or fix your migraine is because you know it's multimodal medicine and it's very complicated so it's a kind of a hard sell because a lot of the migraine sufferers they've tried everything and they're very skeptical no I understand that entirely Christina Christina have you suffered with migraines is this something that that you've suffered with I had them once you had them once I'm not really good example for that so no and that's okay Christina when when you get out there okay and as far as the people that you're helping and tell me a little bit about your business and how you actually help them because you've told me what what the doctors do and how it doesn't work or why they've tried everything what does your product do we will find their see it's complicated this is what I need help with we will find we'll do a cheek swab to find their genetic polymorphisms their genetic snips in the methylation pathway which is the latest buzzword in health right now and then we will customize a food report well first they fill out the medical history right so we get to know them and then we determine which testing they need if they're over a certain age they might need hormone testing they may need genetic testing excuse me or we'll do a food sensitivity finger prick so we can figure out what the foods are sensitive to because a lot of migraines are avoiding certain foods so then they get a report and it tells them what to eat an abundance moderation or what to avoid and then also they have the updates with the doctors and we kind of see how they're doing we treat their program so they get the targeted nutraceuticals and the food report and the hormones so it's like every patient every patient is different because it's customized medicine so christine what you're telling me is that if i'm suffering from migraines because my mom does really bad you're telling me that you can custom design something to help my mom get rid of her migraines specific for her it should work we just won the health hero award from cranes and we just got picked up by fox news so we we have a 94 success rate on only 30 patients however we've been asking neurologists we beg neurologists please send me your your patients your toughest cases please like we we get and that's like unheard of because neurologists are just giving the drugs and everything but you wouldn't believe that they don't send us one patient because they're making someone you know whatever christina what's what's your vision with your business where do you want to take it where do you want to be what's my i'm sorry what's your vision where do you want to be oh that's a good question um the company is xr so it's the inverse of rx so we really are on the forefront of epigenetics and we really do want to help change the world of medicine because we can heal we can we were going after five different markets like migraine autism method of generation um diabetes and cause like we have like the we treat the cause so we don't bring you in and have like a diagnosis like a new model it's like yeah you have the symptoms but you have a family history right so i want to see what your family history is and i want to know where your genetics are right now and it's not like the the double mastectomy oh you know what's her name angeline a jolly that's different there's other doctors for that right we want to take you before and treat you with the the fight who would have thought kale is toxic for me who would have thought i had to have kale in moderation right so christina you're wanting to change the world with what you're doing and change the face of medicine your pat i can tell your passion about it what's very stopping you from doing it um what why aren't you you got this beautiful message of helping um my my son is on the autism spectrum you have a beautiful message about helping people thank you what's stopping you from getting it out of the world not being in control what do you mean uh well i'm trying to convince the ceo that it's like the death of the funnel or the death of the website right now so there needs to be a balance between like having a website right because i think what i'm understanding as a website should probably just be something that creates credibility for yourself so you bring them into the funnel but the ceo wants them to go into the website and then go into the funnel from the different diseases that you click on is that the way i should be thinking about it christina that's a great question let me let me hold on to that for just a minute okay christina would it be fair to say that your ceo doesn't no one doesn't understand how a funnel works right okay if he knew and understood the power of a funnel and what it could do for your business what do you think could happen to your business i think it would be amazing how come because they only have one way to go right you can control the messaging and it's just a beautiful orchestra how many more people do you think you can help out thousands if you guys knew how to put that funnel together yes and you had the implementation and just for a moment christina imagine that you had russell brunson at your fingertips and anytime you had a question you had a problem of concern that you need help with with your marketing how would that make a difference that would get some speechless that would be amazing christina what's your one question for russell brunson oh my gosh on the spot like this right right now i i've got it so i have russell brunson it calls his bat line um russell's airplane mode turned off well i have a question for him okay i i can't no no wait we're we're gonna i'm gonna show you guys how this works and how we work with people to get that get them that information how you're able to work with russell brunson directly so this is voxer okay and whether you guys do anything with us or not for your businesses get voxer it saves you so much time but christina i'm gonna have you push this little button i'm gonna i'm gonna have you ask russell a question just hold the button and ask russell whatever your question is okay and and uh let's let's have russell answer it push the button just just talking to just talking to there okay let me think for a second do i hold it down hold it down yeah okay hey russell i'm just wondering about my facebook ad what should be i mean a tripwire for migraine i don't really know how to think about something so serious um my bed is your facebook ad probably needs to have a huge picture of you goofing off and smiling do something crazy because that's what gets people to click on facebook so if you want to take a picture of that and send it to me and then i can kind of give you some feedback on it and just send it right here through voxer thanks thanks well do how many of you guys would have been a million years said that's the answer to christina's question all of a sudden get this access to russell and russell's able to look outside the box he's able to see the forest above the trees now christina thank you so much let's give christina a round of applause thank you christina when you go through that process and christina tried a couple of times to talk about her ceo she tried a couple of times to talk about different things but in your sales process am i the loud boisterous guy that you guys see out here when you guys walked in each morning who was talking is it louder what that's what allows people to be able to get through that process because now all of a sudden what i've done is i've talked to christina about where she's at i've talked to christina about her vision her dream of where she wants to be and she's built the bridge that she's speechless that russell brunson would allow her to be able to walk her through that process of step by step by step of building and growing your business i didn't tell her how awesome russell brunson is she told me how awesome russell brunson is i didn't tell her that it would make her speechless those are her words and i use those words and i say why would that work how come it's about the questions and it's about the people don't talk about your meat products to a vegan um how many of you guys how many of you guys want russell's bat line how many of you guys would like to have access to russell's bat line randy and darryl we just stand up where's darryl randy right there in the back if you guys want to access to russell's bat line come talk to us uh outside we'll be we'll be talking about that and how you guys get access to that bat line um darren how often do you use russell's bat line darryl we darryl we tell us about russell's bat line and how it helps you the the boxer yeah i get yeah um yeah i just i'm only recently new into the inner circle and i gotta tell you you know for my investment because i come out from austria you know it's every time it's a flight it's another ten thousand dollars on top of that and um and the thing is i got the investment back in the night program in the first day of the the three days that we spent together in boise so it was absolutely one more time for us how long did it take you just in the first day it was well worth the there but you know the 30 or thousand or i spent about 50 000 because of flights and accommodation and everything else and i got that back in the first day so it's absolutely amazing so and i think one of the i had a few people ask me about the inner circle um and the thing is if you want to um if you're currently earning let's say 50 000 a year and you want to earn 250 000 or two million dollars you know you're not going to get there doing the same things that you're doing whilst you're earning 50 000 so if you want to shift your mindset and shift the level of income that you earn you need to spend time with other people that are earning big dollars and that's what happens in the inner circle you know and i was earning big money as it was you know and um i i was looking for a group where i could take that to another level and i got that in the first day and so you know hang out with people that are earning the sort of levels of income where you want to be and that's what you get with the inner circle and the access you know to to um rustle is amazing you can just you know voxer him anytime and uh you know he gets back to you you know and you get that message back and it's really good because you get to connect with him personally and hear his voice and hear his excitement and and that with the feedback that you get so it's it's priceless and i gotta tell you um if i had have realized how much value i was gonna get i would have write out a check for 100 000 in a heart but darin come see me afterwards okay darin how long does it take for rustle to respond to you on voxer half an hour lizz how long does it take where's lizz how how long how long does it take for rustle to respond to you on voxer um i'll cry right now guys i have i have never seen somebody that's where rustle is at that puts as much time and caring and consideration into making sure that you guys are taken care of and the coolest thing about it is that you guys have the opportunity to work with rustle have that direct access to him your lives your businesses your time your wallets will change rustle that's that's what he does let's give him a big hand is that fun to watch robbie in action you guys give him a round of applause all right so i'm about to introduce you guys someone who uh i've only got to know really well over the last um yeah probably probably four or five months um the way i found out about him is uh our support team every time someone is like crushing it and they submit it like take it like hey check out what this person's doing they send it to me right and so i get this message from this guy and he's like hey click funnel is amazing by the way you know we're not amateur funnel builders we've been doing this for a long time and this has changed our whole company we're doing like 300 grand a month with this and and and send a link to their page and so i'm like oh i want to check it out so i click on the link to the page and i go and watch this video okay and uh and to be completely honest it's a little bit more uh more edgy than i am dropped the f-bomb a couple times but it was like like captive i was watching seeing i was just like oh my gosh like i just sucked me in right and i was just like in and then you had a form i fill out the form and next page goes through and there's like this hour and a half long document and i'm watching this thing and it's like i don't know one in the morning and i'm so tired and i watch this entire thing they go to the next page and i go through this funnel and i get it i saw why he was making as much money i saw how his process worked um and then the process of funnel hacking and he's like getting me pulling my credit card out and i was just like this guy is freaking amazing this is awesome and so we're putting this whole thing together i knew we were gonna talk about high ticket funnels um i wanted to bring him here because his is one of the best high ticket funnels i've ever seen um you know there wasn't a lot of really good ones for me to emulate when we were kind of uh going to build ours and so mine came out from a lot of testing and trial and error and and just what we normally do there was no one good to really funnel hack um had i have seen his funnel at first i've probably done mine much differently and the new versions we have coming out are modeling his more and more because what he's doing is amazing um i believe in what he's doing as well um like i said he's a little more rough around the edges than me as you guys will see here um but what he's doing how he's serving people and what he's doing to men's life i've seen it i've been watching for the last six months i see the people that he's affecting and how he's changing him how he's serving him and just uh blown away with him as a human being and as a person and this is actually the first time i met him was it personally was about two minutes ago over here in the side um but it's someone that um i think you guys are gonna love you're gonna get a lot from his uh his presentation and seeing what he's doing so everyone let's stand up and put our hands together for gary white one of the greatest struggles as a businessman in today's life is the ability to manage your business and the rest of your life see it's one thing to get paid it's another thing to get laid but it's see what happens in life when you start to try to put it all together see for a long time in my business i thought the only game that i could ever figure out was the game of how to make money and so for nine years as a banker i built a fucking empire millions upon millions of dollars you know we do on the weekends we'd come here we'd come here you know why we would come here because we'd come here for release we were trying to find a way to get rid of the stress we were trying to find a way to get around all of the insanity inside our own minds constantly day after day in the fucking grind of life trying to figure rail around how can we do with strip clubs how can we do with gambling how can we do with drugs as much cocaine as we could get our hands on trying to every single fucking day find a way out of the game but we didn't know how we didn't have a way we didn't know how to play any other game then do everything we could to ignore the one reality inside our lives that we could never find we could never access we could never find inside our world which was this reality and it was simply this that the piece that we were searching for would never be found anything we drank anything we smoked anything we fucked anything we found outside of us and i know at this point some of you were like well what's the point of this are you trying to give me some new age hippie talk you're trying to give me some kind of personal development speech no i'm here to tell you that the path to getting paid doesn't come through just simply focusing on getting paid i'm going to tell you that the fastest way to make money in today's marketplace is businessman and not have your life burned to the fucking ground at the same time and maintain the right reality of having it all in your life comes down to one simple formula and that formula i'm going to share with you on the other side of this page it's called reverse engineered productions how ultimately your fitness your spirituality your connection with your wife your goddess and your children and ultimately the way that you deal with marketing sales and systems and technology in today's game not how fucking the game was played five years ago but business today getting paid today how that game works out for guys like you and me now i'm not talking about normal people i'm talking about women and i ain't talking about business men who don't know how to make shit happen i'm talking about men like you and me guys who hustle and fucking grind every single day to get paid and to build shit that matters to us you have the same time as we wage war on the marketplace we come back to what one same reality and that is that the place that we want to feel the most at home the place that we want to feel the most connected the place where we are searching for the deepest connection in our lives which is at home shit we can't find that place so we struggle and we fight hoping that one day we might just find the keys to having it all on the other side of this page i'm gonna take you on a journey this journey itself is gonna take you across new york city laguna beach california we're gonna take you through but an underground fight club of entrepreneurs who are fighting not just with blood but are fighting to find a new way of living fighting to have a way of possibility of having it all in their lives and body and being in balance and business so if you're a guy that's sick and tired of the fucking grind sick and tired of the sedation sick and tired of trying to play the games and strip clubs trying to play the games up with the champagne room and everything else up in your life thing is somehow that shit's gonna fill you up or you're just simply a guy who's sick and tired of fucking hiding and all the desires and the craving and the longing inside of you has become too much and you're ready to let it out find another way and sit back and relax i'm about to take you on a journey it's gonna change everything about the way you see life all the better steady this is an opt-in video it's a mini movie it tells a story and it speaks to the heart of specific people its intention is to build emotion its intention is to cut through the bullshit its intention is to reach out into the marketplace and to find the target that this message could serve it's meant to divide it's meant to piss off it's meant to tell people to fuck off who don't belong the biggest mistake i made as a marketer was trying to make my message fit everybody trying to pretend like i knew what was going on in your mind mind i don't know what's going on in your mind i'm a man i have no goddamn idea what's going on in your mind so i just decided i can't market to you because i don't understand you made my life easy shit there went half the planet didn't have to worry about wasting facebook ads fans didn't have to worry about creating copy that brought them into the loop nope just had to figure out how to share a message that mattered with my prospect well shit i didn't know how to talk to employees either because i wasn't one so then i got rid of everybody that worked for somebody else and i said okay well i know how to talk to entrepreneurs because that's who i am let me see i have a penis and i am an entrepreneur i'm married and i have kids i've been divorced almost divorced served with papers a second time in my second marriage so i contend to connect with guys who have experienced some of the pressure of building big-ass businesses and forgetting about the rest of life who lived a story that said if i just build this shit then i'll have time to come live and invest but what they don't understand which is what i don't understand is meanwhile your queen sitting on the sideline waiting around and for the first decade she's cool the next five years she's letting you build the empire so that she can swoop in with her attorneys take 80 percent of your shit and tell you to fuck off i live in laguna beach california these women approach me on the beach all the time during our worry week trainings they say my where's my husband had found your shit about five years ago he'd have been a lot happier and so what have i so the first premise of big ticket selling comes down to this which is number one you have to give a shit about what you're selling like you gotta feel it if you don't feel what you're selling then go be an affiliate for somebody who is feeling what they're selling and you happen to feel what they're feeling and then sell that until you can find something that you believe in don't just make shit up and try to sell it a lot of really good smart marketers who know how to sell who can't fucking fulfill yeah fulfillment's important when it comes to big ticket because with big investment comes high expectation for results so don't think this is just some easy atm game if you're a pussy don't play that means you got to give a shit about your message you got to give a shit about your people and that means you can't serve everybody and the reason you charge big ticket is so that you can spend the required amount of time to assure that your client has every opportunity in the world to what to get results that you promised in your funnel not the more frustrated in the world than accepting big ticket and then spending the rest of your contractual time with a client having the wrong person in the game or second not actually being able to fulfill on what you promised and unfortunately i know how both those scenarios work out so i'm about to walk you through our funnel we're going to do this through three stages i'm going to share with you our system we're then going to bring up mob partner in crime our chief marketing officer at wake up board academy who's rolling our camera who's going to talk to you about our science we call the salesumentary we're actually creating a sales documentary right now this presentation will become a salesumentary that we will put online it started last night on the 51st floor here at the planet hollywood hotel as we laid out the intro to this video it will begin here and then it will end in our suite and on my drive back to the guna beach this afternoon so what we do is not just what we talk about we actually live this every single day inside of our own lives every opportunity is an opportunity to live the third piece which is our secret weapon so we're going to break it down these three the system we're going to share with this science of salesumentary and the third thing is we're going to break down the secret weapon that if you don't have the secret weapon it doesn't really fucking matter the other four two things we teach you are irrelevant so i made funnels way too complicated i'll build about 35 funnels that i never launched never um i would mentally masturbate over these funnels way too much i'd be like oh i don't know uh uh i don't know uh uh i don't know uh we should change this uh what do you think about this uh and all my mentors would tell me the same thing well have you tested this i'm like what an asshole just tell me just tell me the answer what i can't have found out is he was he was saying the right thing he doesn't know because you can't know you can't know until you do what test it so first i'll understand no matter what you try in the beginning it's gonna suck because you suck but you'll get better and you'll suck less as you keep doing this and eventually you'll suck less so little that you'll actually be good but just surrender to the fact that you're going to suck russle has made this so goddamn easy we started with wordpress optimized press of kajabi lead pages it was like this big climactic explosion and then russle came in click funnels easy as shit in the world so when people tell me oh i don't understand the click models i'm like you're a goddamn moron i need to slap you in the face shit then i look at russle i'm like you're gonna need to pop some kind of pill to handle these people my friends so it's easy understand right now it's easy but the problem is you're done so as you choose to get smarter by investing in programs with russle and getting guidance guess what you'll get smarter and all of a sudden this magical thing happens click funnels becomes easy not because it's changed but because you became less dumb and you are sucking less let's go so what does our funnel do our funnel is very simple our tripwire is the documentary it's free we have a podcast we run a bunch of other things that are fantastic but our tripwire is this documentary okay which we're going to explain here in a second our first offer is a $10,000 ticket to a five week five day experience five weeks of coaching and a five day live event in my training facilities on the beaches of laguna okay orange county california so that's our first offer so at the end of our funnel which i'll show you in a second our system they go through this documentary if they connect we invite them to apply here is the first caveat with big ticket selling you cannot be in a game of motivation and manipulation you have to be in a game of being Lamborghini i can't sell haunted if i were to sell cars i can't sell a hundred don't know how can't do it i like shitty because i'll be like ah Lamborghini Aventador you bet your ass i'll sell you $500,000 car for whatever reason my mind deals with high level value i don't know how to deliver commodity value i suck trailing when the rest of these badasses know how to sell these t-shirts man i fuck that up every day we tell sunday i don't know how to do that i suck the numbers are too little there's too many numbers i get all confused like i don't know what i'm doing and then i just buy all the shirts myself so how do i deal with this i don't want to buy all those shirts i just want to wear one shirt the one i made so i come over here and i'm like okay well what are we going to do i'm going to sell big ticket okay but you got to think differently you got to think like the Lamborghini you can't think like Honda which means you have to deliver an experience on top of what you're doing so our experience is $10,000 ticket we bring eight to 12 guys in every month into this experience at the end of that experience we have about 80 to 90% of them will choose to come into a six month experience with us which is $50,000 can i'm being generous on our numbers here our biggest month we had the month of may was $430,000 in collected revenue okay we're averaging over $200,000 a month on this funnel for now almost two years we've been running these programs since 2012 okay and i will tell you i built the funnel because i didn't like the suicide mission i saw in big ticket selling online which was all this goddamn facebook hustle and all of this running around like a crazy person because see i had a code i was living by which is my wife and my children and my relationship with god my way not everybody else the definition how my relationship with god should be my relationship with god in the universe my way my way that works for me and my family i wanted all that at the same time which means i had to build a system that would support that here's how the system breaks out first we have a landing page it's not it's not sexy but it does a deliberate thing here you saw the opt-in video we don't get fancy we collect an email and we have a hell yes right out of the gate some people like oh my god you said oh yes i'm out of here we're like good your funnel is built to get rid of people our goal is to eliminate people as fast as we possibly can how can i eliminate the wrong people and so i when i find out there's things that piss certain people off like if my mom likes it we're done we're done honey i really like that video ah shit scrap that entire goddamn funnel lasting a world i want is a worm full of 63 year old women we're done with this i love her she's beautiful but that is not our market we're gonna all die if we go that direction so i will switch it up intentionally and i will call my mom and say what did you think she's like well honey you know i love you i'm like yeah we're right on point so i'm right up here headline again if you go to wakeupwarrior.com you can go through the whole thing we got six months auto responders copy it look at a swipe but i don't give a shit do whatever you want to do with it okay the landing page then leads into our doc our salesumentary documentary page there's two pages with this our first page does not have an application button does not have an application on it there's a 20 minute pot before that application button will show up so our documentary is 90 minutes long 90 minutes we break every single rule of video sales letters and all the rest of this shit that works for so many smarty pants people i'm not smart i can't do that but i can yell and we know how to create some cool shit called salesumentaries and so we yell and we talk and we cry and we show shit and it works for our guys who also happen to like to watch movies like me they're like oh spartan 300 that's a bad ass oh shit this is awesome too okay so we give movies to our target because that's what our target likes to watch is high action high intense movies so the movie itself starts at 20 minutes to see a countdown on the right side you also see a table of contents we found that when we put the table of contents they'll let people get an idea of where they were at in the documentary and the salesumentary and how their experience was going at 20 minutes the b page will show up and that little button will pop up we're also made it super easy for us that little button once they pop once it pops i am constantly throughout the salesumentary every 15 minutes i'm giving a call to action telling people it is time for you to apply if you are feeling in your heart you are one of my guys i need you to go apply now and then we will go right back into the action and for the next hour and 10 minutes of that salesumentary i am calling to action every 15 minutes the entire video our average guy watches our salesumentary six times one was the last time somebody fucking watched your sales video six times and shared it with their friends oh i got this really awesome video sales letter i wanted to share you eh didn't happen next once somebody clicks on the apply page our application looks like this each page has its own little mini movie each page has its own direct response and tension we're teaching we're educating we're using salesumentary which you're going to learn about here in a second and we're pushing people to a specific action here on the application our application is one question at a time like you're moving somebody on a linear line so my guy comes in if i give him the whole application at once he's like oh shit that's overwhelming i don't want to do that application that really sucks but what i will do is answer answer have you ever been punched in the face yes have you ever punched another man in the face yes do you ever drink because you're depressed yes and we just take them along a journey until they get at the very end and they say yes i'm in i'd like to apply now below we give a little general idea of what's available for them inside of warrior and so there's some more part of that page you can go check out if you go to wakeup warrior dot com you can go in there you kind of just see it it scrolls down and we have a sales letter down below this and a bunch of the cool shit that i couldn't fit the screenshot on because i had to make it way too tiny so anyways there you go that's the part of it the questionnaire on the application on the right side again tattles through once they are done here's where we get fancy we figured out after the application we needed to continue and doctronation so on big take if somebody applies but they were very emotional about it we need them to logically buy in to why the shit's awesome prior to the conversation so we built another page kind of like a membership site jeremy was a genius behind this you're gonna hear from him in a second so we drive guys into this game we say here are the next three steps watch this whole seven minute video schedule with our ceo for a one-on-one pre-interview before you get to meet with garret and unlock your private quarters so after a guy applies he actually becomes a member inside of one of our click funnel membership sites inside the membership site is all the videos here that we actually used to put in our four part and seven part video series before we just simplified it down to one sales you mentioned once they are scheduled with sam my ceo they're required to go through all of this indoctrinated content which is about four hours of content inside this members area they get to meet our trainers case studies testimonials but where is all this happening post application most people like to do this they get somebody excited they get an application then they get on the phone and now you have to be like a hardcore closer i hate that shit now i feel like i'm selling Honda like well i can get you a two for one double group on blah blah blah that's bullshit if you're that person see you later wal-mart shopper that's not me i can't sell you i don't know how to do it i don't negotiate there is no negotiation it is what it is here's the price if you want our event to door here's what it is and you're going to have to put a deposit down and get on a waiting list in order to even get a chance to get the car in the first place are you following me see yes okay this right here is gold by the time i talk to one of our guys coming in our men are at the point of complete connection with me they have spent over 12 hours learning crying connecting emotionally dealing with themselves and making a decision along the way am i in or not see i believe that a person particularly when it comes to what we do i can't motivate you into this decision you have to want it you have to want it and i want to create an environment for you so that you have every opportunity in the world to tell me no before we ever talk so that you don't make a decision under duress because the place i'm going to fucking take you you better have a why to go there because i ain't gonna save you i'm not gonna carry you but i will walk to the gates of hell with you and as fast as you want to fucking walk i will walk you want to run we will run we need to pick up a log together and carry that shit you got it but you don't need saving you're not broken and you're not unworthy to be here and you need time to gestate on that before you and i talk because when we talk this is not a sales call this is an understanding to find out if you're actually ready to pay the emotional price to have it all that's step one our system so hello there everyone hello so the salesmanery was born from a single question having gone through high ticket selling and playing around with all of these really smart solutions that all of us have tried and if you haven't tried it yet i'm sure you will which is 21 point video sales letters and all this really cool fancy copywriting you know we've tried all of it but there was one problem which is there's like there's two reasons someone's not going to buy your high ticket sell your product your offering one it just won't work for them or two which is the big one they just don't trust you they don't trust that you are the one that will guide them to their paradise they don't trust what you say doesn't matter how good your copy is doesn't matter how perfect all of your templates are laid out and it's just like the best sales letter ever if they don't trust you and especially right now on the marketplace people don't believe the hype they don't believe what you tell them and how is this true because you know this to be true for yourself you know this is how it is for you when you're selling especially high ticket items people talk about i'm going to teach you the the 17 ways to get high ticket clients and it's like well have you ever actually been a high ticket client have you ever actually purchased someone else's high ticket offering and been in their shoes and here's the here's the kicker if you haven't and you're trying to sell and you're not you're wondering why why aren't they buying it's because they just don't trust you they don't believe you you're hypey you're just full of shit truthfully that's how it is so back to the question and the question was man if we have a good sales letter how can we get people to actually want to watch it not have to how can we get people to actually join an adventure with us to make them want to actually come along for a ride with us watch it like a movie so the question was how can we get people to watch our sales video as if they were watching a documentary hence the birth of the salesumentary so we've been testing the salesumentary for the past two years almost two years and we have fucked it up many times after doing it a lot we've figured out there's actually there's really there's three really simple things that allow anybody to do a salesumentary whether you have a camera like that which is a canon 5d mark 3 3 000 camera you can go out and buy it and you're good we don't need any fancy any fancy stuff you can do with your iphone you can do it with your with your iphone okay so before we go into the three steps just know you can do this okay you can do this you can start today and you can do this okay i'm gonna bet i'm gonna i'm gonna i'm gonna paint this picture okay we have one two three the first step there is a sin and there is a success to a salesumentary the first sin is you tell them about who you are you tell them you tell them about how you how successful you are you tell them about how successful your clients are you tell them about how awesome you are and how awesome they're going to be when they join your product or they born your you join your service that's the sin the success is you show them so what is the easy show don't tell show don't tell okay simple show don't tell show them who you are if you're selling high ticket and you have someone who actually has the capacity to pay for high ticket and then also actually deliver and have success from your high ticket program these guys these are people with some money they want to be able to see who you are they want to be impressed by the fact that you're legitimate so show them who you are so what do you show them show them little things because just like in venture capital many times venture capitalists invest more so in the person pitching as opposed to just the product show them who you are show them who your family is show them where your favorite restaurant is just show them show them how good you've been able to produce results for your other clients and if you haven't shown results if you don't have any results for your other clients then just show them the results that you have for yourself because I promise you if you don't have results for yourself and you're trying to sell high ticket I don't high ticket stop go do the work to produce the results for yourself and then start and it'll be way easier okay so that's the first thing what is it show don't tell all right let's come over to here just number two pillar number two move don't stagnate okay long of the day's over when it's like there's a white background behind me and I'm like welcome hello I'm about to teach you the three-step process on how to you can get more clients make sure you stay to the very end of this video and you know exactly how to do that join us and then you go into your thing and your white background and you you got a little you know white sticky notes and you got your whiteboard and you just sit in there talking like no it's just people don't like that when they're selling high ticket move around a documentary what do people do in a movie what do you do you change location teach the same thing you're going to teach but instead of teaching in front of a white background hop on your car dudes and dudes in the passenger seat talk about it go to your favorite restaurant sit down eat your favorite meal talk about your favorite meal while you're teaching them you know what I mean move don't stagnate because why it keeps them engaged it keeps things interesting it's just easy and it takes the load off you because anytime who's done video here okay you know how goes when you're like first doing it you're like okay let's okay and you go 30 seconds you're like oh shit okay okay let's do this and you're like 30 takes in and you're like I can't do this when you move around it takes the pressure off when you can know that you're talking to the camera off to the side and you're like yeah so like I did this and this is what I did in here come to my favorite restaurant like let's sit down for a second and I love if you I wish you were here like it smells so good here like it smells like this favorite right toast I really like you know just little things like that I promise I promise that can be more effective than having the most the most accurately effective piece of copy when selling a high ticket okay that's the second thing you ready for the third thing oh right to that well third thing is this pillar we have right here third thing is cut which means edit like a music video so my my background's in music I've been in I've been in bands for years I have music right now in video games in rock band three it's called fight for greatness you could go download it right now and play my robotic version of myself if you wanted to and so my background's in music I learned video editing through music videos so if you notice about music videos there's two things that take place number one is you edit according to the rhythm of the music so number one use music do you guys do you guys hear the music we use in that video that's specifically designed not to just be cool but to actually guide the rhythm why do we like music because it helps us experience something it helps us experience joy or focus or anger and get it out guide the rhythm according to music get some music and cut according to the rhythm of the music the second step is to cut or edit if you guys are new to video it's okay edit just cuts it's all the same cut every four to eight seconds four to eight seconds okay cut every four to eight seconds so what do you cut to you cut to over here showing them who you are your family your clients what you like to do the results you've had you show them your office what you drive it doesn't matter if you drive a nice car just show them you also show them different locations you move you move around so while you're teaching over here and you're cutting there's music just cut every four to eight seconds with the two things you got over there does that make sense that makes sense so the first thing is what show don't tell second thing move don't stagnate third thing there you go and that is the science of sales you're married but there is a kicker here it won't work if you do it this way because there's a secret okay so why don't we do some ninja camera stuff and welcome up Garrett again for the secret welcome up find a clean page you're gonna need this for the secret weapon take a deep breath you don't get this one it's never gonna work you ready stop fucking like it's it stop fucking like When I came into this game, I felt so unworthy and so disconnected with myself and so unworthy to sell from where I was that I had any value to offer the marketplace. After a nine-year stint of banking, my insurance company, development companies, and mortgage banking firms were demolished. When I came into this, I didn't feel like I had any value to offer anyone. So what I decided to do was try to be guys on their highlight reel when the truth was I was in the fucking hole. And so what did I do in my marketing? I would learn all these cool things, but because I felt so unworthy about myself, guess what I would do? Lie! I swear to you, 90% of the people who are quote, trying to do shit online are fucking liars. How do I know? Because I was one. So I see right through their bullshit. Here is a premise I'm going to have you consider, and that is this. Right now there are people ready to follow you who look at your life regardless as shitty as you think it is, who are ready to follow you. You have value to offer them, but you don't believe in that value. You see the paradise over here and you say, well if I'm not driving a Ferrari, who's going to listen to me? And then this thought, this inceptive idea comes into your mind and you think, okay, what I'm going to do is I'm going to lie, but what you don't understand is a marketplace is filled with liars. Humanity is lying at a fucking level we have never experienced before. People are full of shit. They are pretending that life is okay, sedating and making pretend that marriage and business and parenting and family, women pretending everything is good, drunk by two o'clock just so they can survive to pick the kids up. I'm good. I was great. It's my whole goddamn cul-de-sac. Lying. There was a code that this makes this shit work is when I finally just was so tired of trying to do it right. Shit. I didn't do it 18 minutes. Damn it. There's like 75 points. I can't fucking remember. Yeah. Sucks. And it didn't work. And then one day I woke up and I said, what if I just told the truth? Hey, I'm probably cutting half my face off on this fucking video right now. I don't even know how to do a fucking video. It's possible I'm not even recording right now. But I really give a shit about learning this because I have something important to say. Oh, drop your phone. Something important. Shit. Something important to say. So here's what it is and then you share it. Then you post it. And then you watch the critics. Who are fucking liars? Who look at you and go, ah, it's a shitty video. You should have done the 27 point checklist. You're like, fuck off. Show me your video asshole. And they don't have one. Quickly you learn that the more real you are willing to be and truth in your life and raw emotional around it. Share your feelings. God damn it. You're a human being, not a fucking robot with some technology. This was given to you to be human to broadcast your humanity, not to become a robot. Third, make it relevant. Your relevancy is driven upon what you want and what your prospects want. You can match those up. You can match those up. Ladies, you can match those up. My wife's doing it right now as a hairstylist. Crushing it. Women, tears, sharing their lives about how she's empowering them to make a couple hundred thousand dollars a year as a hairstylist while still getting to serve their children. It's a big ticket works when you give a shit. Big ticket works when you live by code of being real. Being willing to get raw. Put your emotions on the table knowing that you're going to be slaughtered in the beginning. I got my ass kicked. People fucking made fun of me. People still make fun of me. I have the only explicit lyrics podcast in the religion and Christianity section in iTunes. I got a list of 92 different reviews from 92 different pastors and their entire congregations telling me I'm the anti Christ and the coolest shit in each of their congregations. We scooped up five warrior men who were like, it's about goddamn time. So if I could leave anything with you from this whole thing, seriously, I don't give a shit. Go swipe my whole funnel. Seriously, I ain't playing around. Go apply. Just put in there. Hey, your first name and swipe in your funnel and we'll be like, awesome. Look at all my emails. Swipe them all. I don't care because at the end of the day, you can't be me. And you know the cool part? I can't be you. And if you're willing to be all of you in this game, there are people who will never hear that message from me, but they'll hear it from who? They'll hear it from you and a planet of 7 billion people. You only need roughly 100 people to believe in what you're sharing and the value you bring to make millions of dollars to have a life that you love and have clients that you want to have a beer with that you call family, that you call friends. Thank you. And so what we're going to do right now for the next from now till lunch is I'm going to be talking to you guys about funnel hacking live. The PowerPoints live. All right. About the perfect webinar. How many of you guys here have gone through my perfect webinar training? All right. How many of you guys noticed the perfect webinar in action yesterday? Does it work? Okay. So if you don't know what I'm talking about, there's this little secret thing that we created. I spent, well, let me back up. So my first internet marketing seminar I ever went to was a little different than this. It was like, they call them pitchfests, right? Back in the day, when you come and every speaker would get up and sell, but I didn't know that's how what a seminar was like. And I go to the seminar, ready to learn, I sit down and take notes and the first speaker gets up there and does this little thing and then closes, you know, sell something. And I watch all the people running to the back of the room and buying. I remember sitting in my chair looking back and it was like a $2,000 product and doing that like two, four, six, eight. I do the math and I'm like, that guy just made $60,000. That's more than I made last year. He did that in one little speech. And the next I get on stage, he does this little thing and he talks and then he sells and people run to the back of the room and he's selling the $5,000 thing. I'm doing the math. He made $100,000. And the next speaker, and the next speaker after three days of this, I was just like, I've got to learn how to do that. Like that is the coolest thing I've ever seen. Now me, 12 years ago, I was a super shy person. In fact, I remember a personal life. I am really shy still. I just have to not be shy when I'm up on stage in front of you guys. But I remember, I was like, I got to learn the skill and one of my friends invited me to a seminar. I'm like, cool, I can do that. And I remember thinking like when I went to these seminars, I'm like, all these people come at these seminars. I'm like, the stuff I know, I can teach better stuff than these speakers. All they're doing is just, is they're just like teasing things and they sell you stuff. And it drove me crazy. I was like, I can do way better than that. So I went to my very first seminar, came on stage and I just blew people's mind. I shared all this cool stuff and shared a bunch of things. And then I tried to sell at the end. And it was by far the most painful experience of my life. I did my pitch, I look over the table and nobody moved. And I was like, all right. And then I look at the stuff, like can someone turn music on or something? I'm standing there awkwardly. It's like, they're ever staring at me. I'm just like, oh man, I just got all nervous. And I kind of walked off the stage and I walked to my hotel room. I went upstairs and I just locked myself in my room for three days. I did not dare to come back down in the hotel room. I was so scared. I was like, that was the most painful thing. I'm like, I will never speak from stage again. Like it was horrible. And then I went to some other seminar and again I saw these people doing it again. I'm like, I got to figure this out. So instead of just giving up, I said, I got to figure it out. I got to figure out what in the world people are doing to make this work. And so I started going through all sorts of public speaking training. And not like how to be a good public speaker. Like you guys can tell I say and and I talk way too fast. Like I'm not like a polished public speaker, but how do you sell from stage type training? Once you build Glacier out of training, Dan Kennedy had a training. Study from Ted Thomas, study from Mike, all the all the masters at this concept. I started learning things and I would go back and I would try to cut my teeth and try it again and this time you'll wonder to people by my okay, I'm a little bit better. I kept trying and trying. And for a process of over 10 years, doing this live, doing this webinar, doing it everywhere, I finally learned kind of the process and the pitch and how we did it. And again, it wasn't anything. I don't think there's any creative ideas for me in the perfect webinar at all. It's all pieces I learned from amazing people. And I'll share some of these things with you guys right now. But as a whole, it's just magic. It just works. I would say probably half of our United Inner Circle members have created perfect webinar pitches or making money with them because when you plug things into the script, it just works. In fact, when I was creating the presentation for the certification program, all I did is I opened up my perfect webinar template, filled in the blanks and it worked yesterday. I was nervous because that was the first time I ever sold that. But it worked. And so for you guys, I want you guys to understand this. Now, like I said, there's more in-depth training that I'm going to be able to give you right now. And if you go to perfectwebinarsecrets.com, there's a free plus shipping offer there. It'll give you the script. It'll give you a DVD where I spend about an hour going through every single point in the script. So that's like the foundation. That will help you a lot more. But there's some core things I do want to talk about today from the script standpoint and also from the sales funnel. And then afterwards, Jay Boyer is going to get up and he's going to share with you guys some of the webinar registration process that he does to show up the webinars to buy, excuse me, to continue to buy. And it'll be fun. So that's kind of the game plan. All right. So this is the people to use the perfect webinar. One's from Natasha. She wasn't able to be here. I taught her the perfect webinar on a Monday. She went and spoke on a Friday. She gets up on stage and she was all nervous and she does this pitch. And this is what she text me right afterwards. She says, well, it worked. $8997 sales, 23% conversion rate for stage. Instead, I'm so pumped. I literally just learned this perfect webinar thing two freaking weeks ago. I already made 11k in sales from it. So she's got it. This is one of my buddies. He's a jujitsu guy, super cool guy. And he went through this training webinar. He has a job right now where he sells software for companies. And he was like, wow, this makes a lot of sense. So he took what he does, selling business to business software, took the perfect webinar pitch, plugged it all in, and I get a text like this from him almost every single week. But this one came through a little while ago and maybe laughs it. 9k in a webinar today, it's almost like playing video games with cheat codes. So that's kind of what the perfect webinar is. It's like cheat codes in video games. All right, so this right here is the script. Who here has never seen the script before? Okay, this is the magic. If you go to perfectwebinarssecrets.com, I think it's 495. I'll ship you out a paper of this and a DVD that will go through everything. And it's the greatest gift. One of the greatest gifts I think I can give you guys is this right here. So this is kind of what it is. And again, I don't have time to go through all this. This would take me a long time to go through everything. But I want to go through some of the core parts that really show you how to craft this the right way. So the first step in creating any good webinar is your offer. It's like, what is it that you're actually going to sell? So for me, whenever I'm starting a new webinar, get my big whiteboard out and I start writing, what's the offer? What should people get if they sign up? This is one of my favorite quotes from Gary Halbert. He said, And I believe that. One webinar pitch, boom, it's game over. We'll start working with Liz, she created a webinar pitch and she went from nothing on that, she's over $500,000 in sales with it. You get the webinar pitch right, it's crazy. All right, so the first thing we'll talk about is, I call this wrapping your offer or uncommoditizing yourself. A lot of you guys in here are selling a commodity, right? How many guys are network marketing? I've shown this to a bunch of network marketers. And so I'm going to talk about some network marketing, but it's true in most businesses. So network marketing, you get into a company and you are one of like a thousand or a hundred thousand or a million different distributors all selling the exact same thing, right? And so you come out there and you start going to try to sell stuff and you're selling the exact same thing everybody else is selling, right? I'm guessing in a lot of your businesses, you probably sell stuff that other people are also selling as well. Okay, when we launched ClickFunnels, we were selling landing page software. There's a lot of other landing page software out there, right? So how in the world can I uncommoditize this and make it where it's not just me, just you know, not just like this software like everybody else has. How do we uncommoditize that? And I do that by wrapping our offer, okay? Let me show how this works. Here's two examples of two webinars we've done that have made us a lot of money. The left-hand side here is our high ticket secrets training. Right hand side is Funnel Hacks. Who here has seen the Funnel Hacks webinar before? Most of you guys, cool. So if you look at this, for example, what we were really selling right here in the high ticket secrets training is we were selling our sales scripts. That was the core product. Okay, the problem is it's like four pages, okay? So I'm like, how do I sell four pages for $1,000? Okay, so I took these four pages and I figured out, okay, what does someone need to be successful? Because I need to wrap this and make this an amazing offer, right? So first we talked about the sales funnel you need for a high ticket product. We talked about the things you need to do to set up your mini call center. Then we give them the script. Then I give them Robbie in a box. This is all the training where Robbie trains. He does like four or five hour training on the set script, the closed script, how all the things work. And then over here we got our bonus we give him traffic, hiring people, and then they get a consult call with Robbie. So that's the offer there. Over here with ClickFunnels, the real thing we were selling was ClickFunnels. That was what we were trying to sell, okay? And so I'm like, well, here's ClickFunnels. But what else do people need to really have success with this? What else do I need to wrap around that? To give people so that when they have it, they just succeed. Where's Joel at? Is he in the room right now? I don't know, last night. So at dinner last night, we had dinner with all the Ignite Inner Circle members last night. And he was talking to me. He's like, I came from the SaaS space where we're all selling software. And he's like, it's frustrating because I watched all you guys do. I took SaaS training programs. All these things like, how do you sell SaaS? And they're like, you get this product and you go find 10 friends. You sign them up. And then you, you know, all this thing. And he's like, what you did was like the exact opposite. He's like, everyone's trying to sell their thing. And you're taking your thing and wrapping it in this way where you're able to go and just blow it up. Okay? The reason why ClickFunnels has grown as fast as it has is because of this. Because I wrap ClickFunnels in this other thing to uncommoditize it, right? So the first thing they get is ClickFunnels, which is the first part of the offer. Second thing they get is they get the six-week training that goes to teach them how to use the software. They get our traffic software, our copywriting software, and our scripts, and then our email scripts. Okay? So that's, that's the offer. Okay? So for me, when I start this and start any program, you pull this apart here. And for those of you guys who I've done like our decade-and-day process with when I'm creating webinars with you, this is usually always the first thing, right? What is your offer? Okay? I sit down just like that thing. Okay? What's the first thing I'm selling? Well, the core thing I'm trying to sell is what? Let's say it's, for this one, it was ClickFunnels, right? There's ClickFunnels, and what's my value? The value of that is whatever. For the value, okay? The next thing I'm going to have is what? And I put in the next thing, and the next thing, and I got to create a really good offer. Now my goal when I create the offer, and I have all the different values down here coming down the side, is I want, when you add all these up, I want to be 10 times the price of what I'm actually selling, right? So ClickFunnels, that offer is $997. So when I do, I'm going to go back to the PowerPoints real quick. If you go back, if you see the stack, it ends up being a little more than 10 times, it ends up being $11,552. So I want all of these things right here to add up to be 10x, what the actual price is going to be, and that's how I know that I've got an offer. Okay? I need, for me, if I'm new to Webinar, it's got to be at least 10 times what I'm selling for. Okay? So that's the first thing, is creating the offer. And where am I? Quicker go, there it is. When I do this process typically, I'll spend two or three hours, just in front of a whiteboard, trying to build this out. Initially, I'll sit down and think of everything I could possibly be doing, like, give them this, I can give them this. I try to, like, just if money and time was not an object, what would I give people to help serve them when they buy this product, right? I'll have it come to my house, I'll do this for them, everything I can think of as crazy as I put it up there. And then after I've done that, I come back here, I know what are the pieces I'm actually willing to do for $1,000 or $4,000, $5,000, whatever the price ends up being. And I pull those things out, and I create the actual offer. Okay? And some people ask me, well, Rust, like, do you always do it where the price starts higher and it goes lower like this, or how do you do it? And for me, the answer is no. The way that I'm doing it, the way that I'm stacking it, isn't, what's the next logical thing that they're going to need? Okay? That's way more important than the pricing, is the sequence of what they need and what order. Okay? So for ClickFunnels, first they need a software, right? I give them the software. Now they got a software, like, what else they need? They need. Well, I don't know how to use a software. Okay, cool. And let me give you six weeks' training on how to actually use a software. Okay, cool. So now I've got the software, I've got training on how to use the software, and I can create funnels. Now what do I need? Well, if you've got software, and you've got training on how to create funnels, next thing you need is traffic, right? So that becomes X-Funnels. Now you've got traffic. Okay, cool. So now I've got traffic coming to my funnels, I've got funnel software, like, everything's working, right? But then, like, what's the next thing they need? Well, what do I say on my funnels? What are the words that I'm going to put in there? Well, the next logical thing now is copies. So now I get my copy or anything, right? Okay, sweet. Now I've got copy on the pages, traffic's coming in, I'm building my list, I'm making money, what's the next thing I need? Oh, you need emails to go out. Okay, so now I get the email sequences. And I try to create a complete offer, so then they have this, they've got everything they need to be successful. Okay, so for you guys, you're going to start thinking through that process for you, like, what's the core thing you're selling? So for me, this is click funnels, and what are all the other things I can provide to wrap that offer, so they've got everything they need to be successful with my thing. Okay, that's how you create a webinar offer that's going to crush it. If there's still some floating thing where they're like, oh, well, if I, even if I get that, I still need blah. In fact, this is the reason why I hate doing upsells on webinars, because I hate being like, I want to give everything they need in this webinar. I want to make it so complete that they have everything they need to be successful, and if I can do that, then they're going to say yes on the webinar. Okay, if there's any floating thing, like when I had this before, and we didn't have it like, let's say traffic, they're like, well, this is cool, but how am I going to get traffic? And they have that thing that's lingering that's keeping them from taking action. So you got to pull that out and only like, make sure that your offer's complete. So everything, every concern they could have is going to be wrapped in there, and covered from the offer. Does that make sense? Cool. All right. Number two, when you are crafting the webinar, your content needs to be awesome. Okay. And there's two core things that are important with the content. First one, your content's got to be prolific. And second, it's got to be specific. Okay. Those are two magic words. And usually if your webinar is not converting, it's going to be one of these two reasons. Either you're not being really specific, you're talking in vague terms, or you're not being very prolific. Okay. So people say, what does that mean to be prolific? How do you figure that out? So I made this, I call this the prolific index. And this is how you know if you're going to make money. Okay. In the middle of the prolific index is like mainstream, right? Let's say you're in the weight loss space. This is like the four food groups, right? Or I think it's six food groups now or pyramids or I don't know. This is like what the government puts out. It's like mainstream and it's boring and nobody's ever going to give you money for that, right? Then on the side over here, the crazy side is like liposuction, right? We're going to get a straw hooked to a vacuum, we'll cut you open and we will shove it through and we will suck all the fat out of your body, right? That's scary for most people. And somewhere in the middle right here, you're talking about drinking butter in your coffee and you're going to lose a whole bunch of weight and you become a multimillionaire. Okay. The bullpuff executive. There is the prolific zone. Okay. Now in all of your businesses, there's this process, right? There's mainstream that no one's going to give you money for. There's your enough job over here and somewhere in the middle there, that's where people start giving you money. Okay. A lot of times we try to work to mainstream like Chad, my chiropractor buddy, my biggest problem he had at first is he was so many, he was like, I went to Cairo school and this is how everything is. And I'm like, that's cool. But the problem is that that's what every other Cairo in the entire world believes and follows. And I'm like, then there's these crazy guys over here that are like way far. Like you don't want to go wacky because that's people don't give money to that either. But right in the middle, if you can become this spot right here, that's where it becomes prolific. Okay. And so start thinking about that with your guys' content is how do you transition from mainstream and get more prolific, but don't go, don't jump off the deep end. I had a friend the other day. I probably shouldn't even tell the story. Anyway, he started posting things on Facebook that were like on the crazy side of things. And so I took this picture and I sent it back to him. I said, dude, you're moving way too far that way that come back. Like things are working good for you, but you're about to fall off the edge. Like come back in the prolific zone. That's where money is made. That makes sense. All right. Cool. Okay. So from the perfect webinar script, this is the content piece. I learned this concept initially from Jason Flattelin. I used to just create my content however I wanted. I would teach a bunch of stuff and I would just for like, you know, 45 minutes of my webinar, I would just teach a whole bunch of things that thought were cool. And my sales always suffered because of it. And he kind of changed my mind about how to tweak how you structure the content. And I took that and I kind of tweaked it some more for my own ways. But conceptually, since I changed the content to be taught in this way, it just, it changed everything because when you, anyway, you'll see the process as you go through it. But it works like this. It's kind of like a table. The top of the table is the one thing. Okay. Your webinar has to be about one core thing. There's one thing I'm trying to convince you of. Okay. I learned this from Perry Belcher. As soon as you try to introduce two core concepts or three core concepts into any presentation, a webinar, a sales video, or anything, your sales were just plummet. The more things you try to convince somebody of, the more likely it is to fail. You got to figure out one thing. Like what's the one core thing you've got to get them to believe? If you get them to believe that, they're going to give you money. Okay. And I'll show you some examples out here. And I'll do it right now. So that's the first part of the one thing. And then down below, there's going to be three secrets. And these three secrets are not new things. They're three secrets that support the one thing. Okay. And I'll show you that here in a second. So here are examples of two of the one things. This is our high ticket one. So with this one, there's different ways to structure how the one thing is. One of my favorites is how to blank without blank. Okay. If you can figure out how to do what they really, really want to do without doing what they're really, really scared of doing. Okay. So for me, I knew this was my fear with high ticket sales is I want to add high ticket sales to my thing, but I don't want to personally talk on the phone, anyone ever. So for me, this was a very easy one. And the people that I sell this to relate to that, like, I want high ticket sales, but I don't want to talk to anyone. So my one thing is I'm going to show you how to instantly add high ticket sales to your sales funnel without you personally talking on the phone ever. So how many of you guys does that message resonate with immediately? Okay. Cool. About half of you guys. That's me. Okay. So that's one way to do the one thing. Another way is trying to be something that's just a little bit more out there. So when we did the, the instant funnel hacks webinar, we used my weird niche funnel. It's currently making me $17,000 per day and how to ethically knock it off in less than 10 minutes. That was the one thing I'm going to show you this amazing sales funnel and show you how to knock it off. That was the one, the core thing this whole, my whole presentation is about. Okay. If I would have, if I would have tried to turn that into multiple things, that's when you get confusion and it just stops working. Okay. So the first thing is understanding what your one thing is. Then from there, let me transition to, we need three secrets. They're going to hold up and support this one thing that just keep convincing someone of that one thing over and over and over again and just, just make it so that that becomes really, really strong. Now, when I do these three secrets, one of the other important things is when I'm crafting this content, I'm not just teaching just to teach. Okay. I'm looking at what are the belief patterns that my people hold that they believe are true that are not true. Okay. Cause my goal is not just to teach you cool stuff. It's to take a belief pattern that you think is true and I got to destroy it. Okay. If I do that once and the next pattern is like, here's what I believe and I show you that it's wrong and they show you the third belief. I show you this wrong. So I've done that. I've created a pattern where you're saying, wow, everything I understood is, is, is wrong. All things I thought were right are not right. And Russell showed me one time, two times, three times, like, wow, there's got to be a different way and it makes, it opens them up so much more to taking whatever your offer is because you've shown them that the beliefs they've been holding true. The reason why they haven't had success, the reason why they haven't taken action in the past is because they hold these belief values so hard. When you show them those aren't actually true and you can do it a different way, that's when they're like, wow, this is something I can actually go into. Okay. So here's an example of that. In fact, this is the exercise. The first, you write out the three different belief patterns that your people are struggling with. And then what's the secret related to that? Okay. So here's an example with the high ticket one. So the first secret I had is that I can make more money in one day selling high ticket products than I can in an entire month selling normal products. Okay. The belief that most people have is like, I've got to have, you know, a front end, I got to have this, I got to have all these things they have to have to be successful, right? So I'm showing them, look, in the content section, I show them, look, if I want to make $100,000 a month, how many ebooks do I have to sell? I do the math. It's like, whatever, 8,000 ebooks. Like, or I can do this, like I can go on Amazon and sell 18 bajillion iPhone cables, right, to make a million dollars or $100,000. Or I can sell three people my high ticket program and you made $100,000. Okay. So I'm showing like, like all these other beliefs that you thought you had to do to get to your goals. Like those are different ways to, but it's way harder. Like this is the easy way. So I just broke that belief pattern. Okay. Number two is I don't personally have to sell anything, which is a big plus because I hate phones. Okay. For that one, I was talking about how like everybody, every other coach out there teaching high ticket sales is talking about how you create a lead, then you call them on the phone and sell them coaching. I'm like, look, that may work for them, but I'm scared to death to talk on the phone. It freaks me out. I don't want to do it. And I share that and everyone else who's in that same thing, like, I don't want to talk on the phone either. I don't have time. I'm busy. I got this and this and this life. I can take, if you can do it that way, so much better. Right. And number three is that I think, well, you got to have tons and tons of traffic to make this actually work. I show them, no, I can, I can build this entire business off just about 100 clicks a day. And I show math how that all works and boom, there's the content. Okay. And all three of those beliefs, all those three, those secrets, they break a belief pattern and they, they, they, uh, they strengthened the one thing and now someone wants, wants the one thing. They wanted to know what that is. That makes sense. Okay. You can see the kind of same thing here with, uh, with instant funnel hacks, same thing, secret one, secret two, secret three. If you watched my presentation yesterday, exact same thing. Okay. I don't have it in front of me right here, but I had a one thing when I created this, I had three belief patterns. I thought you guys had that were in, that were incorrect and I created my content based around those kinds of things and my transition to my offer. A lot of you guys jumped up and went over there, which was grateful. Thank you for that. Um, but that's kind of how that piece works. Okay. So let me come back. So that's, I should come back to this. You can see. Okay. So this, that's the content piece here in, uh, in the perfect webinar. So a big part of that, you guys, is, is for me, when I understood that it made, first off, it made how I crafted the content part of my webinar better. And second off, it created it in a way that was pushing someone to the cell the entire time. I used to, again, just teach a whole bunch of stuff. I hear 10 tips or here's this and I teach this stuff to be cool, but it wasn't ever, it wasn't ever moving somebody to the cell. And so I got to the point where I was transitioning now over to the clothes. It's like this, it's like this really painful thing where I'm like, okay, so you've been having fun, but now we're going to come over here and talk about money. And it's like painful. Well, when I, when I structure the content this way, it's very, it just keeps moving into it. And then it transitions really, really easily into, in the part where you ask for money. Okay. All right. So that's again, there's three parts of this, of this pitch. First one's the intro, which is as easy. There's the content piece. And I'm going to walk you through kind of how, how the closing stuff here works. I do kind of two different things. The core thing is what I call the stack. And I learned this from Arm and Moran. I don't know if he invented it or whatever, but all I know is that I had struggled speaking on stage over and over and over again. And then he invited me to speak at one of his seminars. I was really excited. It was called the big seminar. I was like, oh, I want to go. And two weeks earlier though, we were at a Dan Kennedy, a GKIC event, and Arm came in the room. And there's about a thousand people in the room. And he got up and I, I've been friends with him, but I've never seen himself on stage. He does this thing. And at the end of it, I'd never seen a table rush like that before. Like people were swarming hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of people. And I was just watching him in action. I was like, I don't even know what he did, but that was amazing. He comes over afterwards and he's got a stack of order forms like this fat, like four or $500,000 in order forms. And he said, Hey, next week, do you want order forms like this? Yeah, I do, man. That was awesome. He says, well, this is how it works. He's like, if you go up there and close like most people do, you're not going to make any money. If you want to make a lot of money, you got to use the stack. I'm like, what's the stack? He's like, I'm only going to show it to you. If you promise me two weeks, you use it during your presentation in my event. I'm like, all right, I'll show it to you. And he said, this is how it works. He says, he said, the problem that most people have in a presentation is that I talk about, like, here's what I'm selling. I'm selling click funnels. And then I'm going to sell funnel hacking training. And then I'm going to sell my traffic bonus. And I'm going to sell my copyright bonus. Then I'm going to sell my email bonus. And the total value of this is this. And then this, you know, boom, you should buy it. He says, the human mind can only remember one thing at a time. And so I had all my, here's my huge value, a little smaller value, a little smaller value. And the last thing I show them is you're going to get my email marketing sequences, okay, the smallest thing on my value. And I'm like, and the price is a thousand bucks. He says, the only thing that the human mind associates is the last thing you told them with the price. And so I'm basically selling my email templates for a thousand bucks. And if they're like, I'm not going to pay a thousand bucks for email templates. But that, you know, obviously, getting everything else, that's all they remember. He says, you have to do stacks. The way stack works is I share the first thing and I talk about it. And I talk about, it's awesome. And then I stack it. And then I talk about, I stack it. So you guys remember yesterday when I'm like, so this is what you get component number one first thing you're going to get is, then you're going to get, then I go through and I stack it, right? And I transition over to now, here's the next thing to talk about. And I talk about the next piece of the puzzle. And I come back and I stack it again. I said, so what that means is you're going to get this. And this and this. And I stack it again. You guys remember my slides where I'm stacking it? Stack, stack, stack. I stack, stack, stack the slide. And I come back and I talk about the next cool thing that's exciting about it. And I come back and I stack the slide against. That means you're going to get this and this and this and this. And you see, oh, the huge stack. And I keep doing that until the very last time I stack the entire thing. You see everything. And then I tell you the price. And now you're associating the price, not with just the last thing. You're associating with the entire stack, everything I gave you. Okay. Now the first time you do this, you will feel so weird. It is the most awkward. For those of you who've done it, is it awkward the first couple of times? Yeah. Like you do it and you're like, like, I remember the first time I do it, I like stacked it. And I stacked it again by like the third time people were laughing and I'm like, so embarrassed. I'm like, like, like, Armin told me to, and so I made this event doing it. And I did like stacking. I do the thing and I stack, I do it again. And I stack and I say my price and people start popping up and start running. And I was like, whoa, I don't know what I just did, but that worked. And I was like afterwards I was like just going crazy and Armin's like, it was the stack, man, you did it perfectly. I was like, cool. So then I went back later and this is about time we started doing webinars. So I did a webinar and I did my presentation. I just add the stacking into work. I did it again to have the stack in the work. And after like four or five times in a row, I can't make any money. And I remember I was creating this new webinar and I remember thinking I was like embarrassed of the stack. And I was like, I'm not going to do it. Like it's embarrassing. I feel like I use car cells or whatever. Like I'm not going to do it. So I didn't do the stack and sales tanked. And I didn't do it again, didn't work in like three or four times. No, it didn't work. And I'm so frustrated. Finally, I'm like, oh, I hate that Armin more and he's always right. So I did it again, put the stack in same pitch, same content, same everything. And it just crushed it. And I was like, you know what, from this point forward, I will never do a presentation ever again in the history of my life where I'm selling something that was stacked and I haven't. And it just works. And it's something that for all the Ignite inner circle members who have done it, does it work? Yes, it's just amazing. So that's what the stack is. And I think I have, let me fast forward. I think I kind of showed a picture of it here. All right. So this is my funnel. And you guys should have this all in your binders in the handouts. But this is the stack slides. There's two screens here. The stack slides of my funnel hacks webinar. So you can kind of see them. It's kind of hard to see, but so I initially say, okay, here's the funnel hacks product. And here's what you're going to get. First thing you're going to get is you get the one year enterprise account to click funnels. I've done this pitch so many times, I could like recite it in the top of my head. So the first thing is one year enterprise account to click funnels. How many of you guys want a one year enterprise account to click funnels for free? And they all go crazy. All right. So our enterprise members get this and then it means you'll be able to do this. And you're going to be able to get rid of this. And if you already have a click funnels account, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, and I say, okay, so this is where you're going to get. Here's my first stack slide. What you're going to get. You're going to get one year account to click funnels. I got a price point and then total value of $3,400. Right. Then I introduced the next thing. Okay. So next thing you need, you're going to need the six week funnel hacks master class. Inside the master classes, you get this. Here's testimonial, testimonial, testimonial, testimonial, testimonial, who this is for. Who, you know, this is an issue we had. I'll talk about this a minute. Boom. And then boom, I come in and I stack it again. So what you're going to get, you're going to get this and this total value now of this. Okay. So what else do you guys need to be successful? Well, you need traffic. Okay. Boom. Here's traffic, traffic, traffic, stack it. Now you get, uh, and so funnel hacks, traffic hacks, uh, excuse me, click funnels, traffic, funnel hacks. I got to name my products differently. All the same names. It's so confusing. And then traffic. And I stack it again. Right. Now I transition to the next part of the offer. I go through a talk about, talk about, talk about, talk about, talk about it, boom, boom. And I stack it again. Okay. And then from here in the stack, I transitioned to, uh, to if all statements. I learned this from Dave Van Hoos. I thought that was really, really cool. One thing that he said, he says that the human mind, um, or should he said that, uh, that when you, when you do your last stack, when you show the big price, when I had to $11,552, he says, you have to convince the audience that your product is worth that. Otherwise they're not going to pay you the 10 times less. Right. You've got to get them to believe that. Okay. So yesterday you guys noticed when I had my stack and it was like at $15,000 or something. What did I do? I showed you how much money college costs. You remember that? I was like, this is your alternatives. $15,000 bucks seems like a lot until you realize that colleges need $185,000. Your best case scenario is $35,000. Or your job. Okay. I'm trying to, I'm trying to make it so you say, wow, that actually would be worth the full asking price. Okay. So for here, I talk the way that I do that, where did it go? Right here is that transition to if all statements where I say is like, I come back and say, well, I know that, you know, most of you guys aren't going to be able to spend $11,552, but I'm curious if I did charge that, if all that this system did was blank, would it be worth it? Okay. You remember yesterday I said that I did three times and all three times you guys said yes, vocally you said yes afterwards. So if all this did was finally give you the ability to feel comfortable about being certified, so you can sell someone to be worth it. You said yes. You said yes three times you guys said yes to the full price. So now I knew that you guys knew it was worth that much. Can I do my webinar? I got people saying yes like crazy and go to webinar. Yes, yes, yes, yes. And they're telling me that this product is worth $11,000. So now when I give it to them at $1,000, they have to see it. In their mind, they told me, they vocally told me it was worth $11,000. When it's only a thousand, they've got to say yes. They just told me three times is worth this much. Why aren't they going to say yes to this? So I do my if all statements, boom, and I give them choices. I have two choices. I could have this or could have this. And then I justify it again. And then right here, boom, I give the price $997. Okay. And then come back here and I do some other things we'll talk about here in a second. But that's how the stack works. Does that make sense? Do you guys like the stack? It's like the greatest tool in the world. So you guys love it. Okay. All right. Let me come back here. So the other thing, and I'm not going to talk about this because this takes a lot more time for me to go through. But if you get that free DVD at a perfectwebinarsecrets.com, I go through all these. These are these are the different closes that I use. I do not use all these in every webinar, but I use different ones where it makes sense. Okay. So everyone of these closes is one that that you plug in throughout the stack. So I do a stack and I drop one of these clothes. I do next to our stack, I drop one of these clothes. Another one and I drop them. So if you watch any of my webinars, you watch the presentation from yesterday on the replays later, whatever, if you watch these things, you'll see me. I drop I drop one of one of these closes every every probably three or four minutes throughout the stack. And you guys didn't even notice they were there. They were happening. You were agreeing. You were shaking your head and you were loving it. Okay. One other cool thing I'll share. It wasn't on my slides, but I think it's of big value. Anyone here know who Ted Thomas is or seen him speak? So he's got a nickname they call him the Pied Piper. Because when he I've seen videos of him at like Robert Kiyosaki event, there's like 5000 people in the room and he's walking and there's a line of people, like hundreds and hundreds of people with their credit cards in hand and they're walking, he's walking them all to their back to them. They have the credit cards walking on this and he's walking thousands, hundreds of people back to these things and they call him the Pied Piper, right? Because he closes everybody. And so I'm at an event. I'm speaking. I'm doing my thing and I look out. I've never met him before, but I've seen pictures of him. I look out and I see him in the back of the room. And first I'm like, oh man, like, crap. That's Ted Thomas. That's like the man and he's sitting here watching me pitch. And I got so nervous and I did my thing and I did pretty well. And then afterwards I'm in the back of the room closing cells and things and then he's kind of lingering and hanging out afterwards. He's like, hey, do you want to go to lunch with me? I'm like, yeah, I'd be honored to. That'd be awesome. He takes me to lunch and he starts asking me a bunch of questions and I'm kind of responding to him and stuff like that. And then he says, Russ, look at your head right now. And I'm like, what? He said, look at your head. I'm like, what? He's like, you've been nodding for the last four minutes. Have you noticed? I'm like, no, I think about it. Yeah, I guess I have been nodding. He's like, what I've been doing to you for the last four minutes, I've been trying to prove a concept. He's like, I've been asking you a little tiny yes or no questions to get you to say yes. If someone asks you a yes question, you just start nodding your head. He says, when you come and you watch me speak and you sit in the back of the room, what you see is a sea of heads nodding like this the entire time. He's like, from the very first word I say when I step on stage, I am closing people. I'm doing the, he calls them trial closes. He says, I'm doing this the entire time. And he said, I was doing trial closes to you right now. I got you nodding your head. He's like, when I sit in the back of the room for your room, nobody's heads are moving. They're all sitting there. And I was like, wow, that's pretty cool, man. And so he showed me, he gave me this little paper that had a whole bunch of trial closes that he uses in the past. He said, take these, put them on note cards. And next time you speak on stage, like throw these note cards all over the stage. And every time you walk and you step on one, look down and use that trial close. And use that trial close. How many of you guys have heard me say this weekend like, does that make sense? Are you guys getting this? Is this amazing or what? Okay, look at all your heads are nodding. Okay, I've done so much now, like my language patterns, like I probably dress my wife crazy, but I just am always trial closing constantly because that's, it's so much in my brain now. But anyway, so, so I'm flying home from that event. I've got this thing of, I've got this, these trial closes. I got so excited. I said, at the time we had this automated webinar that we've been running for a while. I said, I wonder if this would work on a webinar. It's like, I can't get people to nod their heads, but like, maybe this concept would work. And so I went back home and I had, I had, it was like a three hour long automated webinar. And so I went and I watched the whole thing and I would, every time I would say something, I'd pause it and then I would like write out, excuse me, I write out like what a trial close would have been good there. And I go through the thing and I ended up doing like four or five pages worth of trial closes. And then I got my microphone out and I recorded me like doing the trial closes, just every single one of them. And then I gave it to my brother, who's my video stuff, Scott, and he took my webinar presentation, went and like inserted my trial closes, like four pages of trial closes to the entire webinar. And then, and then we uploaded that new version of the webinar to the webinar platform and we started driving traffic to it. And we went from averaging $9.60 for every registrant on that webinar to $16.95. Just by adding in trial closes, nothing else. It was nuts. Like it was a crazy, I was just like so weird to me. And so throughout your thing, that's another kind of tip and thing that we use is always using trial closes and everything you're talking about. One of the first times I explained this, Natasha is not here right now. She did that. She took all these trial closes and wrote them on no cards and had them in her office over her wall. And she did her webinar, she started saying him and saying him. And just like I said, her cell is just skyrocketed from doing that. So it's a really good tool to use. Also, the best time to use trial closes is anytime you share a testimonial, like most people will show a testimonial and then they move on to their content. Like when I show a testimonial, watch me. Every time I share a testimonial, I drop like 15 trial closes in a row. I show like Liz's, I'm like, is that awesome? Can you just imagine doing what she just did? Like how cool would that be? Like can you just like, you know, I start asking question after question after question, people are like, yes, that would be awesome. Yeah, I am getting this. This makes perfect sense. And they start saying yes. And so every time you drop a testimonial or you share, you share like a cool feature or benefit of your product, like don't just move on. Like that's the point where you try out close and get people to say, yes, yes, that is cool. Yes, I do want that. Yes, this is making sense. So anyway, just some little things that have helped me tremendously through that. All right. Cool. So that's that kind of the perfect webinar script. Again, it's not complete 100% for you guys, but hopefully if you get that free DVD, that'll that'll give you the other pieces and show you how to do all the different closes and stuff like that. All right. Now I want to transition into my webinar funnel. And after that, then I'm going to have Jay come up and talk about his, his webinar, his registration of follow-up sequences and everything he does that are amazing. So here's my funnel. So this is again, I always kind of sketch out what funnels are going to look like. So this is mine for, for Funnel Hacks. So Funnel Hacks is the webinar we've used to build ClickFunnels, what it is here. I'd say probably most of you guys have never seen that or gone through that. But excuse me. First step is we have our registration page. Sorry about that. And notice that they used to ClickFunnels. I have a lot of registration pages for different markets. We're going after different people. Like I take that, I just keep kind of cloning it and using different messages and different things and they all lead into the same funnel. Now one thing to note, I should have put this on like anyway, this right here, my headline is my one thing and these down here are my three secrets. So after you identify your one thing and your three secrets, that's pretty much your copy for your landing page. Okay. Everyone's like, I did these ones differently because we're, we're targeting offline business owners and things like that that are different. But for this right here, again, it's the one thing up here and my three secrets are down here. So when you've identified those for your presentation, they should have been written in a way that they're intriguing and exciting, right? So why don't you just use those for your registration page? That's what I do. So I don't rethink that. I just put that up there. You can do videos and stuff. I like having an interesting picture. Like I found this picture from something and I was like, this is kind of confusing. Like people are like, what is like Russell's on the phone holding a picture of a website? Like curiosity is like our best tool to get people to do things. And so I just found a weird picture that didn't really make any sense that you can't be like, oh, that's Russell skiing. It's like, that's Russell. Is he hanging loose? Is he calling? Like what? Why is he like so confusing? Like I can't figure this out. I got a registered for webinars so I can figure out what in the world he's talking about. Right? That's the big thing for me. So I like having just random weird pictures of myself. The weirder the better typically just because that's what gets people to pay attention. First step is registration page. After registration page, I take them to a confirmation page. On my confirmation page, I like having a video of me kind of talking about, hey, thanks for registering. This is what it's going to be about. It's going to be amazing and kind of selling them on why they need to show up. I have information here so they can get on the webinar again and stuff like that. And then down here, it says follow these three steps before the class. This is something that we added that I did not realize how big of an impact it was going to have on our sales. I've seen other people do this. Frank Kern does it where on his thank you page, he sells them like a $27 or $37 product or something kind of low ticket to hopefully cover your advertising costs. Right? So you can break even before the webinar ever starts. Perry Belcher talked about that a little bit with Tripwire. He's saying put a Tripwire on your webinar registration page. He's like you'll make as much money or more sometimes from that offer. For us, what we found with ours is we've got basically, you know, follow these three steps, put it on your calendar, number two, go get a free trial to click funnels, number three, get my book. But what we found has been really interesting for us that changed the dynamics of this is for every person who gets on the webinar and buys instant funnel hacks at full price, three people sign up for the trial. Okay? And so every time we do a webinar, I say we do a webinar where we sell, we make $100,000 from the webinar. That means we got 100 people to sign up, which is we've got 300 people to join the continuity program. And so this was exciting for us is that process. Again, some people sell products, but they've just registered for something they're hot, they're excited about something. Like don't just be like, okay, see you tomorrow. Like use that as a place to sell them something. And I don't like high ticket things, but trials work good. Low ticket products, Tripwire offers things like that to get people engaged, get them giving you money. As long as it doesn't conflict with what's happening on the webinar, I try to get, try to find things that support the webinar and don't conflict. If you give them something that's like a home study course and then like, why would I go on the webinar? Because I just already bought this. You know what I mean? Like it's got to be something that supports that and gets them more interested and more excited to actually show up to the webinar. Okay. So that's the confirmation page. And then for me, I like almost kind of doing what Jeff Walker does with his, his sideways sales letters he talked about when he was here. After some registry for the webinar, I want to make sure they get excited to actually show up. Okay. And so mostly like you register for a webinar and then you don't hear from them. And they're like, I don't want to offend this person. Don't want to annoy them. And you get really quiet. And then like an hour before the webinar, go to webinars like, Hey, webinars in an hour. And they're like, who is this person? I don't remember anything. Okay. I'm the opposite way. I want to be in your face. Second, you register. I want to be like talking to you, getting you excited, getting you fired up all the time. So what we do is that's some registers. We have three days of indoctrination videos and each season, indoctrination videos get people, our trials. We're making money every single time before the webinar even, even happens. Okay. For this one, for ClickFunnels, we made these videos just for fun. This is Mandy Pratt. She's an author. She's a coach. She certifies coaches. She's an amazing person. But she doesn't want to do websites. So I was like, I want to show how a beginner author who doesn't want to make websites can beat out like a season programmer if she's using ClickFunnels and he's not. And that was kind of an initial thought. And then I did what I normally do and I just go overboard. And then I like rented an MMA gym and we filmed it in the octagon and all these, it became bigger than it should have been. We didn't have to be this big. That's how we did it. So number one is us driving the octagon, her talking about how she knows nothing about websites. Featur number two is her competing with Chris, who's one of my head designers and building the exact same funnel and she like destroys him. And then number three is me introducing ClickFunnels and showing how it works and getting people excited for it. But all these videos are strengthening the webinar and getting people more interested in why they should show up to the webinar. At the same time, it's kind of selling these things. Now don't think because you see me doing a huge production that you've got to do a huge production. I know a lot of people have tons of success just doing iPhone videos and them driving their car talking about this, what's happening to the webinar and you're going to love it and those kind of things. The key is just being there, talking to them, getting them excited. The difference between 10% of people showing up and 30% showing up or 40% showing up is how engaging and exciting you are from when they register to when the thing actually happens. I register for webinars all the time because they get me with the hook, but then I don't hear from them. I don't get excited and by the time things come around, it's out of sight, out of mind. I've forgotten about it. If they do this and they're getting me engaged and excited, that's why I'm going to show up. Indo-Oct Nation pages. Again, I usually do three of them. A lot of people stress out and they think, how do you time at Russell where they register and make sure they see all three before they actually show up to the webinar? I don't care. I know that some people are going to register the day before the webinar. They're going to see this one and then the webinar and then these two come two days later. Some people are going to come see this one, this one, then they'll watch the webinar and here. For me, it doesn't matter. These are not what's selling people. This is what's pushing people over the edge to either get on the webinar or I watch the webinar I did buy and the next day the next one, that one pushes them over the edge to get them to want to buy. I'm not concerned about making sure they get these all ahead of time or whatever. It's just I want to make sure these get out there because they're their indoctrination, their amplification pages. They get more people to buy what I need them to buy. That's kind of the funnel there. This is the model that we're doing. A ton of our Night Inner Circle students are doing is this. This is basically, if you look at a calendar, this has become a really fun job for you guys who are just who want to be webinar people. This is your calendar. I think Jay's going to share some of his calendar which is awesome because I stole a bunch of really cool things from him. But basically what we're doing is like Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, we're promoting the webinar. Thursday, the webinar happens, the webinar. And we sell live as much as we can. And then from Friday to Sunday, we're trying to close ourselves to replays and stuff like that. And so I know that it's traffic here, traffic, webinar, closing deals. And that's kind of the week. You know, when I was talking to Liz about this, when she was kind of doing hers, like the model is that her, like obviously as business owners, we're juggling a million things. But if you can get into a perfect world where your team and people are in place, like you basically need to wake up Thursday, get behind a microphone, do your webinar for two hours and go to bed. Like that's kind of the perfect world, right? Someone else is driving traffic, you do the pitch, emails are doing the follow-up sequence. Like it could be a two-day a week hour, you know, a whole four-hour work week. Like it should be a two-hour work week if you do this way. If you cut everything out and outsourced it. Well, obviously I know most of you guys are involved in more pieces, but in theory, that could be what it's like. Okay, and that's what we do right now. We do our webinar once a week right now. We drive traffic from Facebook, from soloism, all the different sources we can from affiliates, from everything, webinar happens, boom. We close sales throughout the weekend, then it ends, the offer ends, and we start over again on Monday. New traffic sources coming in with, do the webinar, close sales, start over again. Is that cool? It's like the most fun, like, you know, it's a fun business because it's very consistent, and you just know it's gonna work. All right. The next thing is everyone's like, well Russell, I don't want to do a webinar live, I want to do automated one, right? And I get it. Like, it's tiring to do the same webinar over and over and over again, but it's important, okay? This is something that Joe Lavery posted on my Facebook page the other day. I'm just kind of bragging about it because it made me feel happy. He always posted the nicest things about me, but he said, Russell Brunson, I'm in awe at how good you are at webinar pitching. Watching right now, every trick in the book being used like a pro. Every slide, every section, every word crafted intentionally. The sequence, the stack, the FAQs, the video testimonials, the offer, almost every objection planned for and obliterated, the countdown timer, overwhelmingly awesome execution. I don't think I've ever seen a better presentation, bro. So that may seem really, really cool, but luckily for me, Joe didn't see the first version of my webinar or the second or the third or the fourth, but I did it live probably 15 times before he ever saw this one. Okay. The very first time I ever did it was a Mike Philson's event. I did the whole presentation and it worked really, really good. But what was interesting, in fact, she was here, she pulled me inside the hall. Is she still here? Over here. Okay. So after my event, the next day I'm flying out, I'm flying out and I'm so grateful. I don't know if I ever thanked you for this, but this was like tremendous for me. So next day I'm flying out in the morning and getting my bag and she comes up to me. She says, man, that was really, really cool. She says, I wish I had a supplement funnel though, so I could do what you were talking about, but you know, I'm a coach and I'm a consultant, so it doesn't really, it doesn't really work for me. And I'm like, no, this works for coach, this works for everyone. And she's like, oh, we keep talking about supplements. And I didn't think that this related to me. I'm like, wow, like I didn't even realize that that was how I was coming off. And so I never told you this, but I went back to the next day. We changed the presentation. I added about four or five slides in there. Then immediately after I showed the supplement testimony, I said, now a lot of you guys may think this only works for supplement funnels, but it doesn't. It also works for info product funnels, for this kind of funnel. And I show like every, all the core markets, I mean, I show all the different funnels. And then I say, for example, how many of you guys here are high ticket coaches? Here's my high ticket coaching funnel. How many of you guys are this? Boom, I show all these different funnels. And suddenly I took it from this to open up the world. And I went back home from that webinar, from the live presentation. We did the webinar the next day, excuse me, the next week. And I'd added those slides in and we did really, I think we sold like 40 or 50,000 dollars on the webinar. And that was at noon that day. And then another webinar happening, like it's seven o'clock that night. And so I did a webinar and I was pretty good. Like, man, this did really well. It sold well. And then what I did though, is after that first webinar happened, I took all the questions that people had asked throughout the webinar and went through all of them. Like, what are the questions everybody's asking? And I found, well, a lot of people are confused about this. And they're confused about this. And I found all the sticking points, all the things that people were getting confused about. And I made a list, opened my PowerPoint slides, and I started figuring out how can I answer that question in the slide. Answer to answer to answer. As many as I could in that four hour gap, I was answering all the questions in the slides. I came back, you know, saved it. Webinar happened. I came online, did the same webinar. Smaller audience, exact same webinar. Went from making 40 or 50,000 dollars. So that one did 120,000 dollars in sales. Okay. Then I took all the questions from that one that people were asking. I looked at that and I said, okay, they got stuck here. They got stuck here. I changed the slide, changed the slide, changed the slide. I kept doing that, I kept doing that. And the next time the webinar crushed it again. And then I went through all the questions people asked. I did it over and over and over again. I've probably done this webinar, man, probably 30 times. Every time I do it, I find new things that are confusing to people. I got a tweak and I got a tweak. And every time it converges, it's better and better and better and better. And I have this thing so memorized I can do it right now. I've got it even having any slides right now. I've done it so many times. And now after going through all that process, do you guys know there was a webinar that happened on Wednesday? I wasn't there. That one was automated. And guess what? Converting the exact amount is the ones I'm online. Okay. And so yes, you can do an automated webinar. I believe in them. They're really, really good, but not at first. You've got to get out there, cut your teeth, because you got to find out what the objections are. You never know. Like the picture I did yesterday, I was planning on doing a webinar next week with it, but we more than oversold, so I'm not going to. But if I was going to do that, I would have probably asked once you guys figure out what I did wrong and kind of confused and try to get better and better and better. Because then as soon as you do that, now you've got a sales tool that you can literally write your own checks, you guys. Lucentic on you again? She's gone through this process with her webinar, and she's on live over and over and over again. And how many times did you do it live before you started doing the automated ones, you think? So 20 times she did it live before she did it automated. And now is the automated one as good as you or close to you? As it is you, so. Yep, so now hers closed the same as live, and she's killing it every single week, just week in, week out. Boom, boom, boom. So that's the plan, you guys. Don't be lazy at first, because what you will learn by doing it live throughout the process will make you 10 times more than if you just tried to do it automated one, put it out there, and then get back to work. Do it live as many times as you can. Next thing is expectations. Some people, the goal of the webinar obviously is to make a lot of money. And a lot of times you can, but I also want to just give you expectations. Like for me, when I'm trying a new traffic source, I look at like what's the price of my webinar? So I'm selling a thousand dollar thing, right? So excuse me, let's just say I'm going to go and drive some traffic from a new site we want to try to test out, right? I usually go and I'll test about the same amount of money as one cell would be, okay? So let's say I go to, let's say theblaze.com and I want to buy it out there. I might buy some banner ads. I'll spend a thousand dollars driving traffic from that site, try to make a sale, and if I make one sale and I break even, then I'm saying this is a good source and we will keep buying ads or keep driving traffic of the webinar as long as we're at least break even, okay? If we're break even, it means I'm getting customers and subscribers and I can sell them more stuff in the future, okay? If I'm losing money, we'll stop it after about what would have been equivalent of one sale, okay? If it's profitable, then it's like Christmas, okay? And if you get a good webinar, it can become really, really profitable, but most of the times, it's not going to work always the first time. Anthony, one of the guys that we're working with right now on his webinar, he's the first time lost money, second time lost money, third time lost money, fourth time, barely broke even, and then yesterday I got an email from him and Mike was part of it, crushed over $5,000 in sales from this webinar, and now it's just like off to the races. It gets better every single time, better every single time. So don't get frustrated if it doesn't work the first time or the second. It's all about doing that, getting the feedback, tweaking it, getting the feedback, tweaking it, and keep going through that process, okay? Sometimes people mess with me like, why are people not buying from my webinar? I'm like, I don't know, did you ask him? One of our guys, Craig, I don't think Craig's here this weekend, but they have a running webinar, and he did this webinar, and afterwards, they sold some stuff, but he had all the people that didn't buy that had been like, throughout the webinar, like, yes, I need this, yes, I want this, they didn't buy. He told us our last intercircle meeting, he was like, I was pissed. These guys told me they were going to buy, and they did. So he picked up the phone and called every single one, and he's like, why didn't you buy? And they're like, well, because of this, and he's like, okay, well, if we fix that, you buy, like, yes, okay, what's your credit card? And he got it, boom, and he got it, and he started doing it, and he starts calling people, find out why didn't you buy, and he found out why they didn't buy. So he tweaked it, changed it, and eventually, that point where all those reasons that people weren't buying were taken care of. Okay, so if you're not having a successful webinar, yeah, like, pick up the phone or send him an email. He actually set up, now he's got a sequence, and this is like taking things to the next level, but his assistant or someone in the Philippines, I think, goes through all the questions of the webinar, and if someone didn't buy, they personally email each person and says, hey, you said it, minute 316, that you were interested in whatever, and just curious why you didn't buy, and they individually email personally, every single person who made any kind of comment on the webinar, and they're like doubling and tripling and sterile sales by doing that, it's really pretty cool. So there's a lot of cool things you can do, but again, the whole process, you guys, is, and this comes back to day number one here, we're talking about Jeff Walker, like, when he got started, he was just publishing things, and he didn't know what people were gonna respond to, put this out, put this out, and as soon as someone starts buying something, you're like, okay, that's working, let's do more of that, and keep moving on that direction, and so that's the big part, is just, your goal is to break even, keep tweaking, so you can become profitable, and then eventually, you become crazy profitable. The people I know who do webinars right now, they're spending $4,000 or $5,000 a week, and making $40,000 to $50,000 a week, so you can become very, very profitable as you start growing them. You get expectations, you should be getting between a 15 and 30% show up rate, and if you're following the perfect webinar correctly, you should be closing about 10% of the people who are on the webinar. If you get 10%, that's a million dollar webinar. If you get six, eight percent, that's still a good webinar. If you get 15%, 20%, like, you can write your own paycheck. Okay, so just kinda know that's kind of the numbers. Again, if you get to about a 10% close rate, that's a million dollar webinar. It's just going, after that point, it's getting more and more and more traffic into it. And the last thing is understanding, this is your front end. People coming in through this webinar now, you can sell them all your other products, or other services, and everything, and that is your front end. All right, so what I'm gonna do right now, you guys, is I'm gonna bring up a friend, and someone who's in our inner circle program, and someone who I just have a tremendous amount of respect for. He came to our first meeting, and he's very kind of unassuming, and he's like, oh yeah, guys, I've done like 400 webinars in the last three years. And you're like, whoa. And he's like, oh yeah, in fact, here's some things I do. It starts just dropping gold all over, scribbling notes as fast as we could. And one of the things, I'm sure he's gonna talk about it, but one of the things that he gave me was one idea, and it had to help me implement this in the webinar we were doing. And what was cool is we'd done this webinar, I think we'd done a little over $100,000 live on the webinar. And typically, for me, on a replay, I'm gonna get about half that, so I get $150,000 from replays. He showed me this one thing, we implemented it, we added it on the last day, and on our replay sequence, we got $150,000 in sales. We made more from our replays than we did from the first thing, and that's just one of these webinar hacks he's gonna be sharing with you guys. And I think he's got 17, and he's someone who's just super impressed with him. He's an amazing guy, so everyone, if we can stand up and put our hands together for Jay Boyer. I'll be the lady that you can be the best, you can be the king, calm banging on your chest. You can be the world, you can be the war, you can talk the driver, you can run the gun, you can burn your hands up, you can be the clock, you can run the gun, Wow, thank you. All right, let me just try this here. This is the pointer, this is the laser, that's back and forth. Okay, that's turning it off. All right. I'm just glad I didn't have to follow Garrett today. I mean, holy crap. Okay, so, yeah, how many people hands up? How many people want to take out Russell's perfect webinar, template for a spin? Even if you've never done a webinar before. Yeah. I don't even know if I told him this, but he showed me that template in January, and I took a, I had an older webinar, they were super niche. It was how to write a children's book and publish it to Amazon, best selling children's book and publish it to Amazon. I hadn't presented that in like two or three years, and I took that template and created, it was just like, you know, see what happens. I created the brand new presentation, and I presented it to my subscribers over the weekend, and sold 70 grand, and since then, I've sold over six figures of that crazy super niche webinar. So, whatever you're doing, right? I mean, you can sell more of anything at a higher price point with a webinar. Just try it, okay? All right, a little bit about me. Whoa, I turned it off. So, who am I? Right, what do I do? And possibly why should you care? I, as Russell said, I've hosted over 400 sales webinars since 2010. I've sold a rate of million dollars total live on webinars in that time. I've earned as much as $817,000 on a single webinar promotion, and I've had the pleasure to consult with some of the biggest names in the industry, people like Russell, to show them the exact secrets that I'm about to show you here today. But just so that you know, I wasn't always the webinar guy, I wasn't always the webinar expert. 2009, I had my 17-year carbon tree business shut down because the real estate market took a crap. So, if you've never done this before, I just want you to know that, yes, you can do this. You can do this, and you can basically sell almost anything under the sun with the template and with the tricks I'm going to show you here today. Okay, let me just cover what I'm not going to be covering on this presentation today. This presentation has absolutely nothing to do with the content of your webinar presentation, crazy NLP pitch secrets, you're putting your offer together, pricing your offer. Russell covers that much better than I ever could. He just did. Instead, I'm going to show you how to completely trick out and optimize your webinar campaign. This is the stuff that is not so sexy, but can double or even triple your webinar. This is start to finish, right? So, when I start to, when I'm done with it, and I guarantee you're going to, if you follow even a handful of these tricks I'm going to show you, you're going to double your webinar, webinar sales. And I'm talking about boring stuff, right? Like turning clicks into registrations, turning registrations, people who've raised their hands said, yeah, I'm interested into butts and seats. That's what I call them. Get them on a live webinar. And turning those attendees into buyers were during the webinar and after the webinar. Is that something that you'd be interested in? Is that something hands up? Yeah, that's how I can get excited about that. All right, well, let's go. Russell tells me I've got 30 minutes, but I think he actually shut down a little early. So, right, so how to double your webinar sales, guaranteed. Webinar hack number one, I basically, I run a webinar every week. Mostly it's an affiliate offer, sometimes it's an offer of my own. I've listed about 20,000 people who love getting on webinars. That didn't just happen. I've been training them for several years. And that's a big reason why I have so much success. I mean, I got on a regular schedule, just like you're seeing here. And whether you're just starting out, I recommend that you do the same thing, present an offer to start it once a month, right? And do it twice a month, do it once a week. I'm on a once a week schedule. It's very structured so that my folks know exactly when I'm going to start. Pretty much I have a live sales webinar on a Thursday night. And I close it out at the end of the weekend, Sunday at midnight. Webinar hack number two, oh, let me just go back. Right, so as Russell mentioned, it's basically three days pushing into a webinar, a live event on Thursday and then Friday, Saturday, Sunday, is pretty much various different formats and iterations of the replay. Webinar hack number two, you may be saying, hey, so I have no idea how to promote my webinar. Well, just take the perfect way. I'll just take the perfect webinar template if it's your webinar and you've got the headline there, right? That's going to be the main headline of your first slide of the webinar just as Russell laid it out. But if you're promoting an affiliate webinar, like I do, you may be saying, wow, how do I do it? What I recommend to you is to know your audience, know your subscribers, know who they are and what they're looking for in the first place. And if you don't know how to do that, it's pretty easy. Just put together a little, what do they call it, SurveyMonkey and just send it out to them. It's like, hey, how can I help you? What are you most interested in? And then say, SEO, if you're in the IAM market, like I am, Kindle publishing, product creation, traffic, whatever. And you'll know pretty quickly what they're most interested in, the value that you can provide to them. And I reverse engineer all of my webinar campaigns based upon what I know or what I think I know about most of my subscribers. I built my subscribers from, I know for a fact that they're crazy about Amazon. I went through a period of time where I was launching a low ticket product. Did anyone know Warrior Forum, WSO, stuff like that? Okay. I was sort of the class of 2011. And after my first, I launched my first information product. It was how to Kindle publishing. It was basically a case study of a success story that I had. And I got like WSO the day and that generated like almost a thousand sales, like organically between Mike Lance promoting it and other affiliates promoting it. And then I was hooked and I made an agreement with myself that I was going to promote, I was going to launch a new product every week, come up with the product idea, create the product itself. I usually do over the shoulder videos, whatever, and write a sales page and launch it every week. And so that's how I built my list. That's kind of crazy. I don't know how I did that at this point in time when I look back on it. But yeah, whatever you need to do, right, to build your audience, if you want to take the model that I am right now, it's a lot easier with Facebook. I mean, Facebook ads were not around at that point in time. So yeah, if you're wondering where I get my traffic from, that's most of them. So as a result of most of those folks, they're mostly interested in Amazon publishing, Amazon physical products, Amazon affiliate program, all things Amazon. My list is big enough now and diverse enough so that I can pretty much promote anything to them at this point. But I still like to bring it back to something that I pretty much know they're going to be interested in or most folks are going to be interested in. For example, I had a, I recently promoted a webinar that was a press release service. And I was like, wow, how am I going to, okay, so what can I do? I came up with two hooks. The first one was how to, the best way to launch any Amazon book or products in the world. And the second one was how to get your Amazon book or physical product on page one of Google for any keyword in the world and drive massive targeted buyers directly to your product page. That's the one that I went with and it actually did really well, but reverse engineer your hook based upon what you know about your target audience so that you can optimize your registrations. Okay. And then that, that main hook becomes the title of your webinar. You're looking at a go to webinar registration page or a squeeze pages. That's how you're going to set it up and then just create three benefit oriented bullets. Again, with Russell's tablet, it's really easy. That's secret number one, secret number two, secret number three. And then you've got it. You've got your go to webinar registration page all set up and you're ready to start sending some traffic to it. Almost, almost ready to start sending some traffic to it. Remember Russell was talking about a thank you page. So folks are signing up and then you can send them where, where are you going to send them? Send them to a thank you page. I think the default for go to webinar is a dumb page saying like, thanks for registering for our webinar, but why not send them to a page like this? This is like his low tech as it gets. So I set up all my thank you pages still with like HTML or whatever, but I put a banner. Why not send them to an offer? I mean, I put anywhere between 1200 and 2500 folks on a webinar. I should say I get about 12 to 2500 registrants for all my webinars every week. So they sign up and then that's a hell of a lot of traffic. Why not send them to put them to anything, send them to anything. I send them to a thank you page. It looks a lot like this where I can put a related product of mine, $1 trials, free trial seemed to work pretty well. An affiliate offer. I've got Russell's. I just created a banner. This is how I promote. This is how I got my Ferrari watch yesterday or one way that I did. I think I got like almost 200 sales just from putting a banner on the thank you page after folks are registering for my webinar and they see the banner, they click through, they head over to the dot com secrets, $1 trial. And I think I sold like 200 books just this way. So that's super valuable traffic. And you might as well send them to something as opposed to nothing. Another thing that you might want to do, you can see that little, let me see if I can get this little thing going, that yellow button there. That's actually, that's a click funnels image that I just pulled off. Click funnels. That is a call to action that to a Facebook page that I create exclusively to sell my webinar offers in a different place. So I populated with this, well, with this thank you page and I incentivized them registering for this JJ fast webinars page by saying, Hey, just make sure you get the replay because that's every last everybody wants after they sign up. I get so many replies to my email saying, Jay, I'm not going to make it or I might not make it. Can I get the replay? So this is like the number one thing that I've discovered people want is a replay of the webinar or some assurance that they're going to get a replay in case they don't make it. So I incentivize people signing up at my Facebook page by putting that little button on there. More about that Facebook page in just a minute here. Okay, webinar hack number four. This is really cool. This is a, you've probably seen this, if you've, if you've registered for a good webinar event 24 hours afterwards, they send out an automated message to everybody who's registered for the event and the default is like, thanks for attending or something, something dumb. Why not get, go to webinars to promote your replay by putting an actual URL in that thank you message and say, Hey, thanks for signing up for the webinar. If you would like to watch the replay, you can do it right here for the next 48 hours or so. And I just plopped the URL that I'm going to post the replay page to after the webinar. But again, you have to set up before the webinar because you can't do it retroactively after it's closed down. So yeah, just set that just come up with the URL and that's where you're going to upload the replay page to and you get a free mailing from go to webinar. How cool is that? Webinar hack number five. Again, prior to the webinar, this is where the rubber hits the road and this is where you get the test out the your hooks or what you thought, you know, your folks are going to like and you're going to be able to, to kind of test that out simply by loading it up as your subject line. Even I mean, really, these emails come together really easily. You can just go one, two, three bullets. You can have a very close match to your email copy and your registration page. In fact, I recommend that you do. And if you send out a an email and you get tons of opens and clicks and it's different than the hook that you came up with initially that you thought folks were going to it was going to resonate with your folks, then you know, you might think about changing the copy on your registration page so that there's a message match between your email and your registration page and you're going to be increasing conversions. Does that make sense? Okay, here's my trial close. So, but the thing is, right? So if you start mailing, if you start promoting on Tuesday and my webinars on Thursday evening, I've got Tuesday morning, Tuesday evening, Wednesday morning, Wednesday evening, and then another one on Thursday morning. So four or five chances to start testing different hooks that might resonate with, with your, your subscribers that may be different than what you originally thought they would respond to. And once you identify something, you're going to, that's going to want to be reflected again in your registration page in your, you can set it up as the first slide of the webinar, right? Why not? So that there's continuity right there and folks are like, oh, I'm in the right place. Okay, great. You can, you can title your, your replay page that just this is invaluable information and intelligence that you would not have the benefit of getting unless you tested different, different hooks prior to the webinar. Webinar hack number six, set up a Facebook ad campaign using a click funnel, squeeze page, or whatever you're using. These are, I basically promote all of my webinars every week with a Facebook ad campaign for a couple of different reasons. Number one, you're going to be targeting, you're going to be targeting people. It gives you some, some ability to target specific interests and different niches. And you're also going to be populating your list moving forward, which is cool. I mean, I sometimes I get a hundred new people signing up that I can add to my list and add to my backend, which is next week's webinar. So they're signing up this week, they're raising their hand and they're saying, hey, I'm interested in attending webinars in general that are in the make money online niche, which not everybody is. That's super valuable. Those are pretty hot leads in my experience. One more thing that you can do is, these things go semi viral sometimes. Hang on, let me grab some of the drink here. These ad campaigns can go semi viral, which is cool, which lowers the cost of your cost for click of your ad campaign. If you get hundreds of likes and shares, that's going to lower the cost of your ad campaign. And it's going to build some juice and a little bit of buzz before the webinar. So this doesn't happen all the time, but when it does, it's kind of cool. There's my children's book campaign. Yeah, I've got that set up as an automated webinar now and I'm making thousands a week now because I've dialed it in. I've dialed in that perfect webinar template. Webinar hack number seven. Okay, this was what Russell was talking about. What are you referred to? It's kind of my secret weapon or my weapon of mass instruction or whatever you want to call it. Get a hold of a replay. This is your webinar. I'm assuming that you've done it before. If you haven't, this is worth doing. This is worth doing just sitting down and recording it, even before you present it for the first time. If you are presenting an affiliate webinar, I just asked them for a replay from like the most recent replay that they've done for somebody. Send that replay to a writer. I found my writer that does this for me on Odesk and I pay her like 75 bucks or 100 bucks and she gives me back anywhere between like five to 10,000 words. And it's a summary of the presentation. In other words, she's just sitting down and she's clicking play and she's listening to whatever 60 seconds or however long she does it and then just summarizing. It's not a transcription. It's a summary which people appreciate. They love these a lot. I'm going to show you how this comes into play on Sunday. But find somebody who can summarize your presentation, especially if this is a webinar of your own that you are going to be rolling out, that you're going to be presenting all the time. You can incorporate this and plug this document into your campaign. So you're only paying for it once, but you can use it week after week after week. It's great. More on this in a bit. Oh, and I call these whatever, PDF guides, PDF summaries, cliff notes. What have you? This is one that I did for Russell. Just to give you an example of what it looks like. They're pretty ghetto looking. It's literally just like text and screenshots. I have my writer take screenshots of the slides or whatever's being presented on the screen. And I like to see, I tell her, you know, get a screenshot on the, at least every other page. So it keeps the pages turning. And folks like feel like they're not missing out if they miss the presentation, if they're able to see, you know, some of the slides in it as well. This was a super deluxe one. I had that logo from Russell and I put it on the, on the first page, but just to let you know, it was just pretty, it's pretty low tech. Webinar hack number eight. Come up with a sexy, relevant bonus that adds value to the offer being presented, whether it's your offer, whether it's somebody else's offer. This is sweetening the deal and this drives tons of sales for me and will drive tons of sales for you. But it presupposes that, you know, the offer that you're being presenting, that you're presenting. If it's yours, yeah, you're going to know. If it's somebody else's, I have my team dig into it or sometimes I jump in myself and see what is, what's in there. See if there's any holes in it. See if I can add anything of my own that there would be complimentary. That would add value. And I assembled a bonus page that I do a little show and tell on, on the live webinar. I'll show you in just a couple of slides here. If you don't, if you can't find anything, right? I have tons, I have like a big inventory of bonuses, depending on the topic that I'm presenting, like an SEO or local marketing or, I have tons of bonuses, content that I've created, training that somebody else created, high quality private labor rights, make sure it's high quality software that I've licensed, make it real, make it high value, whatever you need to do. You can also ask the person who's presenting the offer. Again, if this isn't your presentation, if they have something that they can, that they can throw in that's not included in the offer itself, ask them, chances are they do. And, you know, say, hey, do you mind if I can call it my own and put on my bonus page? And pump up the value. And more than likely, they will let you do that. Webinar hack number nine. This seems kind of dumb. I put this in here, I'm like, oh, this is so commonsensical. I'm not going to do it. But this is really important. Test the bylink before the webinar. This is like the worst case scenario, right? So you've been pushing traffic to this all week, you've been promoting it since Tuesday. You fire up the webinar, you go through the presentation, you go through the offer and the pitch, and you drop the link in the chat box, and the link's not working. It takes people to, maybe the server's down, maybe it's a 404 page. Who knows, right? But the point is test the link. This is money time. And this is what you've been working up to all week. Just make sure that you test. This is so easy to do, but I can't tell you, this happened to me a couple of times. And it's always, I don't know how this works. It always seems to happen when I haven't tested the link. So just test the link beforehand, even if it's your own offer. Just make sure that your hostgator is still up or whatever it is. Webinar hack number 10. Okay, so we talked a little about the GoToWebinar notification system when I said, hey, you can get a free mailing on Saturday for your replay. I use the GoToWebinar notification system a lot. In fact, don't tell them that I use it this much, because they would probably not like it. But until they tell me I can't do it, I'm just going to keep doing it. And on the day of the webinar, I blast GoToWebinar using their servers, not my own. To everyone who's signed up for the webinar, I blast it like three or four times. I have my team log in and blast first message on the day of the webinar, like first thing in the morning. And it's easy to do. You just go into the event editor and you change the title of the webinar. If it's first thing in the morning, it's like, hey, it's happening today. And then whatever your title is after that, I do it two hours before. I do it one hour before just logging in and starting in two hours, starting in one hour. And then 15 minutes before, right before I log into the webinar, to the live webinar, it's starting now. And if you are, I was talking to some folks a couple at the roundtable the other day, and they said, how do you get people on the live webinar? How do you do it? The folks that sign up, this is how you do it. You have to remind them. It's a friendly reminder. This gets amazing deliverability from GoToWebinar. Because it ends, it's like 99% of the time it's going to end up in people's primary inbox folder. It's not being sent by me. I'm not burning my list. People aren't unsubscribing, which, you know, I get a dozen or two every time I send out an email, just because. This is coming right from GoToWebinar, and it adds a little authority. And I recommend that you do it. I mean, what I like to see when I log into a webinar, about 10 minutes before, is dozens and hopefully hundreds of people that are waiting for me to fire it up. They're already on the line. You can see the attendees in there. That's what I want. This is how you do it. This is how you get butts and tees. Webinar hack number 11. I have a team member who logs in and takes care of, she just does one thing. She does, she interacts with the, everyone who, all the attendees who are typing in the chat box. That interaction is super powerful. And even if they're just typing in, yes, like, like Russell's saying, even if they're just like nodding, right? Responding to other trial closures is like, yep, yep, yep. She's responding to each one. And she's calling them by name. You can see the, the name, you know, first and last name that they used to register for the event. This is really, this is really important. Folks know, they want to know. I see it all the time. It's like, this is a live webinar. And then she would type in, yes, this is a live webinar. Welcome, Mike. Don't go anywhere. We've got so much cool stuff to show you. And you can set them up. I mean, you, you can set up, what's it called, like boilerplate responses. Like boilerplate responses to the questions that you know you're going to get to the objections that you know you're going to get. If it's your offer in any case, just set up boilerplate responses to the top, you know, half dozen questions that you know you're going to get for your offer. So that it's just copy, paste into the chat box, send it to them behind the scenes and make sure to put their name in there. And they will love you. I mean, these are your, your hottest buyers, the folks who are telling you the, the objections. Webinar hack number 12. This is when the bonus page comes into play after the pitch. If someone else is presenting, I like to take the screen and take them over to my browser and demo my bonus page that I put together. It looks, they all look something like this. I have my team just loaded up with whatever I've got, video training series, software, downloads, et cetera. And I walk through it. I walk through each element and I describe to them why this is, how this completes the offer. And I tell, I tell them exactly, you know, with each individual item, why this is perfect for them and how it's going to get them off to the fastest start possible. And that it's completely complimentary to, to the offer, et cetera. This drives tons of sales. I mean, there's lots of people just looking for another reason to buy this really. And, but again, it's going to, it has to be relevant. It has to be targeted to the offer. And to the degree you're able to do that is the degree that you're going to be able to provide enormous value in the form of your bonus and drive tons more sales. So I show them my bonus page and do a little show and tell. And then I head over to, uh, oh, wait, this is the important part. I just read on my slide here and then I, uh, I say, everyone who's jumped in, everyone who has purchased here on the webinar and wants my bonus delivered to them right now, you won't have to wait until next Tuesday after we close this down. Everyone who wants my bonus right now and you've jumped in, go ahead and type in the chat box, chat box, I'm in. And sometimes they get like tens and dozens of buyers. Hopefully I get dozens of buyers that have already jumped in and purchased within the first five, five or 10 minutes. And this is the message that I send them. And this is how I get them over to that JJ fast webinars page, uh, which I do tons of selling in. So everyone who raises their hand, like, yes, I bought the offer. I want your bonus. J. I copy and paste this message into the chat box and send it to him behind the scenes. This is, Hey, congratulations. Would you mind heading over to my Facebook page and leaving a post there? Let me know what you, why you jumped in today. Thanks. I really appreciate your feedback. Here's the link. They can click through a live link. They can end up right inside this JJ fast webinars group or your webinar group. And your webinar group can just be set up to for a single product if you want. And this is where they're leaving golden testimonials for me. These are people who jumped in. This is not me, you know, saying how great this product is. These are brand new customers explaining exactly why they jumped in. Maybe it's a business that they want to, you know, work with their, their daughter who just lost her job. Maybe, maybe this is part of their retirement plan. Who knows, right? But this is how these third party endorsements are golden because people recognize themselves in their own situation in it. And so this drives tons of sales. And so again, are you able to see how all these parts and pieces are fitting together between the bonus and the webinar page and et cetera? Okay. Here's one more thing that you're going to want to do. Oh, sorry. This is what it looks like. By the way, if you're a member of any sort of Facebook group and you have notifications enabled, you know that anybody who posts a message inside the Facebook group, you're going to see it. You're going to get an email from Facebook. This is what my inbox looks like after a webinar. Sometimes I get dozens of emails from the JJ Fast Webinars group with these testimonials. And this, if folks are, we're not able to attend the webinar, this raises some eyebrows. And I know I get lots of clicks from these emails sent by Facebook. Thank you, Facebook. Back over to the page where I'm going to be selling them all weekend on this webinar. Webinar hack 14. Okay. So there's those testimonials, tasty testimonials in my Facebook group. I take my screen capture app, snag it, whatever you have. And I just cut them out. I cut them out on the screen. And I add them to that document, that PDF document that I had my writer create for me beforehand. And again, if this is a webinar of your own, I sent Russell the one that I did when I hosted him. And so I think all of my Facebook buyers, all the testimonials that I got, I think are showing up in his documents. But this is where you put them. Add them to the end of this document. And just title, make it a new chapter in your table of contents saying what people are saying about XYZ offer. Sometimes I have a dozen pages of these testimonials that people are viewing when they open up this PDF document on Sunday. Dot, dot, dot. Webinar hack number 15. I never used to do this, actually. I started, I used to, again, I've got a Thursday night webinar. And I typically just used to mail into the replay the next day, but about eight weeks, eight months ago, I started creating what I call live encore. And this is nothing but a brand new go to webinar event that I populate from the registrants who signed up for Thursday. I just download them inside a go to webinar. It's called the registration report and force them into a new go to webinar events with an app called Zapier, which is pretty cool. And so I've got a brand new live event set up for Friday for folks who weren't able to make it Thursday night, or maybe they made it Thursday night. They want to watch it again. I give them that opportunity, but it's not a live event. It's basically a recording like a live replay of the Thursday night events. I don't pretend that it's live. I think lots of folks at this point know lots of my subscribers know that it's not live, but you know, I'm behind the scenes. My team's behind the scenes and they're answering questions just like it was a live event. So for all intents and purposes, it is. I just doesn't require the presenter to be there. And this is at this adds like 20 to 25% of sales. You'd be surprised like how many people show up on a Friday afternoon at 2pm Eastern time, which is the time that I usually do them. I don't know what people are usually doing on Friday afternoon, but maybe they're playing hooky or maybe they're in their cubicle, you know, their headset on and watching the live encore. But I can't like hundreds of people tuning in and buying on just a recording of played live the next day. And I don't know how to do this, by the way. I'm sorry. I can't tell you. I'm fairly low tech. I have a guy. I got a guy. His name is Eli. He's a, I call him a superstar webinar video guy. And he records them on Thursday night. He takes care of the live replay. He tells me that I asked him once like, so how do you do this in case I have to do this? You know, I still wouldn't be able to do it. How do you do it? How do you do these live on course? Apparently it involves a little audio patch cable like like this one that you see there. But I recommend that you don't that you don't try it. You should just be focusing for the same reason that I have my team on to answer all the questions behind the scenes so that I'm not doing that. I recommend that you just hire, hire Eli. It's a hundred bucks per, per event. It's the best hundred bucks you'll ever spend. And all that you need to do is focus on the marketing. Webinar hack number 16. Okay. So we talked about the live, the live event on Thursday night, the live encore on Friday afternoon. Saturday morning I send out a replay page. I just set it up with a template ties, click funnels, replay page. Make sure you put a timer on the top, counting down to when the webinar offer is going to expire. In my case it's midnight on Sunday, Pacific time. Saturday is usually a slow day for sales. You know, between Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, that's usually my slowest day. But I still get hundreds and hundreds of clicks of folks watching the replay that didn't make the live event. I mail out, I blast Saturday morning, Saturday evening, and I get that free, that free replay blast from go to webinar like I told you, 24 hours after the live event, after both live events, by the way. And Sunday I send out that PDF. You can call it Cliff Notes, you can call it a PDF cheat sheet, whatever you want to call it. I just save the word document as a PDF and load it up. I think I load it up as an S3 link and I post it to my replay page. I also have a download of the PDF. And these drive so many clicks. This is my secret weapon. If I have one, this is what Russell was talking about on the last day. Sometimes I get, you know, 5,000 opens and 2,000 clicks for a list of 20,000 people just for this PDF. I mean, it's crazy. People go and they're so thankful. That I took the time. I mean, no one else, I don't know too many other people that are doing this, but now you can start doing it. People will be so appreciative. They're like, oh my gosh, thank you so much for doing this. Because these are people that either missed the webinar on Thursday, missed the live encore on Friday, could care less about watching a two hour replay on Saturday. But they're more than happy to click on a link and download a PDF of the live encore on Friday. So I'm going to download a PDF of that very same information and consume it that way. It's a different learning modality. And I know my folks are super text based and so am I. So, I mean, that's what I'd be doing. I wouldn't be watching a replay. I would not. I don't watch webinars as a rule. I don't know. Make sure that you've got a live hyperlink in the PDF. I sprinkle it all the way throughout after my offer as it shows up in the content of the summary. And I also add it as a footer. Put that link, put it live link and make sure you test that live link again after you save it as a PDF because sometimes it doesn't work. Put it as a footer so that it shows up on every page. So whatever they are in the presentation when they're ready to buy or check out the offer page, they can just click through from the footer there. Alright, last but not least, webinar hack number 17. We're closing it out. This is time to drop the hammer. It's Sunday night. This is when I make so many sales because my subscribers know that these are time sensitive and come Monday even if they want to buy it, it's not going to be there. No exceptions. And you have to be firm on that too. You're not going to get massive action on Sunday night if you are, you know, if you're playing loose on whether you're going to, it's going to be available on Monday. So my subscribers know that it's gone on Monday. This is last chance. And my last call email usually goes out five hours before. Oops. Sorry. It goes out five hours before the, the timer's counting down. It's about five or six hours before and it's short and sweet. I'm not doing any selling. I've already been doing, I've been selling this thing all week. This is just for the, for the people who have been procrastinating who, who knew that they wanted to buy it on Thursday, but they had to check with their, their husband or significant other. They had to get their money together, whatever, whatever it is. Okay. It's short and sweet. I usually start it with final notice or last chance or, you know, closing in six hours. And it's just says, Hey, just a reminder, this is going to be gone in five hours. Here's the link. Have a great week. And I make so many sales on Sunday night. I make a Russell told me he freaked out when he saw how many sales he made on the last, in the last four or five hours. Just following this, this Sunday temp system mail out three times on Sunday. This is the last one. And that link, by the way, is not taking them to the replay page. I don't want any leakage. I want them to go directly to the order page. So whatever they can look it up if they want the PDF or, or to watch the replay. But this is taking them right to the order page because these are people that are ready to buy. And if it's not, they're not clicking on it. You know, they're not opening it up on Sunday night. Okay, there you go. That was the distillation of about four or five years worth of what I've been doing on webinars to optimize my sales, my clicks, my registrations. Hope you guys get some value from it. Okay, so I've got one more thing to talk about tonight. And then we're going to go. I'm going to take a nap. It's going to be awesome. One more thing I want to talk about. And, and it's important for kind of two different aspects. And I hope I got the right slides here. All right, so I want to talk about two, two concepts with you guys right now. One of them is a concept I call funnel stacking. And the second concept is what happens when one of your funnels flops? Okay, get that all like, well, so I did this whole thing. I put the time in the effort into it and it just didn't work. Like, what do I do now? And so I want to kind of walk through both of those, both of those ideas. And it won't take too long, but I want you guys to kind of think about this. I know that as you leave here tonight and you fly home or you drive home from wherever you're going to go, you know, it's always like the excitement and the energy that comes from events. Then you get back home and sometimes you're like, you know, what do I do? And where do I go? And what should I be doing? And, you know, and I want to kind of help hopefully clarify and give you guys a very clear path on the direction of what I would be doing. What I do when I leave events and things like that. So first concept I want to talk about is funnel stacking. Now, the very first internet marketing seminar I ever went, the one where I saw the guys running through the back of the room and I was so excited, the first speaker I saw was the guy named Mike Lippmann. And Mike was on stage. He wrote a book called Conversations with Millionaires and just really that charismatic guy. He was on stage speaking and I remember he got on stage and he started talking about this DVDs. Like, I have a free DVD and he's like, he's like, guess how much money I spent to give away this free DVD? And, you know, I was like, I don't know, like a dollar or two dollars? He says, right now I spend $38 to give away every single one of these DVDs. And me as a brand new marketer is like, whoa, you can't make money spending $38 to give away free DVD, like eventually really quick, you're just digging a hole, right? And I was so confused and he started talking about his model and how it worked. And I remember him saying over and over again, he says, look, you guys, amateurs focus on the front end. Amateurs focus on the front end. And about the fourth or fifth time I sat back and said, wow, I look at the little business I had created at that time and I was just focusing on my front end. What am I selling? What am I selling? I got to make money on this thing that I'm selling. And that was my mindset and he kind of opened my mind to this thought of like amateurs focus on the front end. To professionals, people who are making this a company and a business, they're focusing more on the back end. And so as I started growing my companies and started looking at that, I started thinking more about it. Like, if we lose money here, we'll make a lot more money over here. How many of you guys have been through the ClickFunnels process over the last 30 days? Logged into your account and you saw the new onboarding process that we did. How many of you guys saw that? It's me that's having the login in your ClickFunnels account, so you haven't seen that. So the next time you log in to your ClickFunnels account, there's an onboarding process. There's four videos you watch for me and then if you watch all four videos, it's like 13 minutes long, I send you out a funnel hacker t-shirt. Okay? Now you guys want to go log into your ClickFunnels account. Huh? It's been a little while. Now those t-shirts, I think they cost me five or six bucks plus shipping and handling. So it cost me like, I don't know, $10 for every one of those things that I ship out. And I do it for free. I don't cost shipping. If you just watch 13 minutes of video, I ship you out a t-shirt. Okay? Why do I do that? Okay? I know that if I spend $10 on a really cool gift for you guys, then there's a funnel hacker t-shirt there. There's one there. There's one there. There's one there. Okay? Funnel people wearing my t-shirts, guess what? They come to our events. They participate. They act differently. Okay? And so I'm willing to spend my money to do things like that because I know that for me, if I can do cool stuff like that and I can provide value up front, the money's going to come in the back end. Right? And so that's kind of the thought process. Now how this is relating to funnels is through kind of the funnel stacking process. Okay? We talked about, I think yesterday or last week or a couple months ago, whatever, everything's kind of becoming a blur for me. We talked about this concept of the value, right? We bring people in the bottom of the value ladder and you try to send them up to the spot where you can give them the best result possible. Right? And so for me, there's different funnels at each level along the value ladder. Okay? Let me see. So like we usually on the front end of a value ladder, we've got a tripwire, then a perfect webinar, and then a high ticket. Okay? Now people always ask me, like, well Russell, where do I start? Should I do a tripwire first? Should I do a webinar first? Should I go high ticket first? Like, what, which one should I do first? Okay, the answer is, it kind of depends on you. Like, which one, which one do you resonate the most? Okay? All three of these, you can start a business just focusing on high ticket. Okay? Look at Garrett White. What did he do? He focused everyone on high ticket. He didn't have any of these other things down here, right? Think about Perry Belcher. What does he do? He does everything down here at tripwire, right? That's where all his business comes in. Think about Liz Benny. Where's her coming right now? Everything coming in through a webinar on the front end. Okay? So you can have a front end that's on any of these different levels of the value ladder. But if you notice the way that you sell someone at each level, the value ladder is a little bit different. Okay? Especially if they're coming in cold because they don't know you very well, right? The tripwire is the easiest thing. Okay? Perry said that for his free credit card offers, I think he said the average video is like, what, three minutes? Okay, it's not that hard to sell them. Like, hey, I'm so-and-so, here's a free credit card and I, if you can fold it up, then you can stab people and put it back in your wall and run away, right? That's his video, right? It's not that hard to convince someone of a tripwire. So it's really easy sell. Okay? A webinar, usually on a webinar, I'm selling a $500 to $1,000 to $2,000 product. Okay? And so I can't just have a three-minute video saying, hey, I'm Russell Brunson. I got this really cool software called ClickFunnels. It'll give you a bunch of really cool stuff. It's $1,000. No one's going to buy it, right? Because there's no value. They haven't received value. So they get on this webinar and they're with me for 90 minutes going through my webinar presentation and teaching them and training them. And I'm providing value, which is getting them up to the value ladder to the point where they trust me, they like me, they know me enough that they're going to give me money. It's a different type of sale. I'm selling it differently, right? The same thing happens now at the high ticket. Okay? If I want someone to write me a check for $12,000 or $25,000 or more, how does it work? They've got to come to me. We have this whole process they have to go through. They talk to someone on the phone. They've got to be qualified. There's all this stuff that we do to provide value. Okay? To Garrett, did you guys catch something when he was talking? He said that for someone to get on the phone with his sales guy, how many hours of videos did he say that person ends up watching before they're ever on the phone? 17. It was 17, wasn't it? Between all the four hours in the funnel and then there's all the membership side videos. He said the average person watches his 90-minute documentary, was it four or six times or something before they buy it. He's providing a value, even though it's not selling and moving someone up, he's providing value to get them up to here, right? For me, it kind of depends on you. What type of sales process do you feel the most comfortable with? Are you the kind of person that wants to have people on the phone? If so, might be that's where you start out, it's on a high ticket thing. If you're the kind of person that says, look, I'm a webinar person, I just feel like I need to be on stage and I need to be speaking and selling and that's where I feel comfortable at, then maybe you should start with the webinar funnel. If you know that I don't want to do phone sales, I'm nervous talking in front of a stage, it might be smarter to start down here with a trip wire where you can have a very short sales process, it's not that difficult to get somebody in. For me, when I'm working with clients and they're asking me first what we should do, I look at that, how do I think they're going to sell best? I remember when I got my first call with Liz and we were talking about different things and I was like, you need to do a webinar. She's like, and do you remember this? And we were talking about like, I want to do this or this. I'm like, no, like you need to be on a webinar. I can tell from who you are and how you talk and you get you on a webinar, you're going to make a ton of money. That's where you fit. So I look at that, where does your personality, the way that you are good at selling, where does it kind of fit in that? That's kind of where I start with initially. And then for me in any business, I still want to have all these. So for me in my company, I know that I am not the kind of person who wants to be on the phone. So I brought a team and I hired people and we built out a process to have somebody to do this because I still wanted this part in, but I knew it wasn't going to be me. Down here we brought these pieces in and so we built out where we have a complete business, but initially I didn't start with that. Initially I picked the one that was most likely for me personally, my personality, my traits to be successful and I started that funnel first. And so it doesn't matter which one is, but you pick that one first. And after you have that, people are coming in that funnel and my first funnel, whatever it is, the goal is to again try to break even. After it's broken even, then I can go and sell them the next thing and the other pieces I can send them up and that's where we start making our profit. So for example, if you look at the dot com secrets book launch, there was one funnel, but we did what I call funnel stacking. So there was a sequence where people bought the book and went through funnel number one, which is our point of sale funnel. This is where everything happens and then it ends and then a week or so later then we transition to our second funnel, which is the higher up on the value ladder. This is our perfect webinar funnel. This is where we're selling our instant funnel hacks and then from there then we transition people a few weeks later into our high ticket funnel. And so if you look at a typical funnel for me, like am I thinking through this process and the same thing I'm doing out there with our million dollar client, like you build your first funnel, right? And for me it's a book funnel. So my book funnel, we have the order form bump, we have OT01, we have OT02, we're driving traffic and this is, I call this a point of sale funnel, POS. If I was in retail, this is me at the checkout lane and they're buying their gum, they're buying their thing, everything point of sale, they buy their magazine, the national inquire and they buy it, like everything's happening there. And if I do it right, I can make some money here and that's awesome, my first funnel. But nine times out of ten, you don't make money on your first funnel, you just break even. So there's my first funnel and then when that ends, so point of sale, so the transactions ended, there's no more one click up sales. Then I'm thinking now they've had that experience, hopefully I've treated them right, hopefully they've had a good experience, they've received value from me. Now what's the next thing I need to transition them to? Okay, so for me now, then I transition people over to and if you bought the book, you probably noticed that from there we took you through a sequence to promote our webinar. Okay, we pushed everyone through the webinar and what's cool is that all the money that came from the webinar now was just pure profit. Because over here, all of our ad costs got used up, all this stuff right here and we luckily did make a profit here, but then when it came over here now, I didn't have to buy new ads and start a new process, I just sent these people from here to the next funnel and that became pure profit, right? And they went through that process and again they went through the webinar, they watched a 90 minute webinar, a lot of people bought, they went through the training and hopefully if I did this right, I did the way we've talked about this week and provided value every single step along the way, then naturally they're going to want the next thing. So then two weeks later, so then we introduced some of our application videos and they see the video of Liz, they see the video of Mike, they see some of these other videos talking about our coaching program, talking about if they want more help at a higher level what they can do and it takes them up to the next level. And that's kind of how we do our funnel stacking. So for me, I'm always looking at that as what's the process, what's the first thing they're going to experience and what's the next experience they're going to get and then what's the next experience, where are we kind of taking people through? If you look at, think about just this event, for example, just to be completely transparent, like this event, we had a lot of goals. First off, I wanted to come and try to provide as much value as possible for you guys. Did you guys get that over this weekend? Awesome. Okay, good. Now to get tickets to this event, in fact we had a bunch of you guys saying, man this thing would have been worth twice and we started to pay $1,000 to be here, right? But we wanted to blow your guys minds so we did that. Then you were here, then I wanted to send you guys up higher, right? So I invited you guys to our certification program, which is the next thing. A bunch of you guys are going to come to Boise, you're going to go through this experience, we're going to have an amazing time and I'm going to provide as much value as possible and try to serve you guys the best I can at that level. And the next logical ascension from there is eventually I want you guys all my inner circle. When you're in an inner circle, where I can serve you guys the most, we can talk every single day, I know the people in my inner circle on a personal basis. We've been to war together. I've had, I mean, think about Liz and I, I've had her crying on Voxer, I've cried on Voxer back to her. She's yelled at me like, we have a relationship because of this, right? And I feel like that, like I know Stacey, I know like all these guys, I talk to them almost every single day and that's where I can serve you the most. So for me, my goal eventually is to get you guys there. If you don't get in here now, someday I want you guys to be there because that's how I can serve you at the highest level. Okay. And so for me, I'm looking at that, like this is my process, blow out their minds, give them something of value here, set them up for the next thing, do the same thing, give them a great experience you can and keep doing that in everything we're doing. Okay. So for you guys, I want you thinking about that as you're, as you're doing these funnels, usually it's not just a funnel. Okay. It's we're stacking funnels. There's a funnel here and then from there, we're moving to the next funnel and there there's the next funnel. And as long as you are treating people right at every step along the way and doing your best to serve and to give and to help people, people love it. Okay. I don't know about you, but like when I get into a funnel, like, like, um, I hate that most of the people that I buy stuff from, eventually they stop selling me things and it drives me crazy. And I'm like, can you sell me something else? Like Matt, anyone know here? No, Matt Fury. So he's got a bunch of marketing products and a bunch of other products and I have bought every single thing he has and it's been probably five or six years and the other, like probably a year ago on Facebook, he posted something big's coming on Facebook. And I was like, sweet man. I'm like, I am praying for you to sell me something. Like I need something more than you've got sitting with Tony Robbins. When I first came into Tony Robbins, I got one of his products. I was like, this guy's awesome. I want you to decide about every single one of his products. And then we ended up going to UPW, date with destiny, um, business management through the whole process. Right. And every single year I have a rep at his company named Mimi and I'm in here of Mimi and is there rep? Yeah, you do sweet. She's awesome. So every year she'll call me up and she's like, Hey Russell, like, uh, let's talk about what you can buy from us. Like, Hey, cool. What do you got? And she tells me and I have every single thing. I'm like, do you have anything else? She's like, no, I'm like, there's gotta be. Like, can you guys create something new? Cause I have so much money in my pockets, burning holes. I've gotten so much money from, or so much value from Tony. I'll buy anything. And she's like, well, like we don't have anything else. You don't have yet. And it drives me crazy. And so understand that like your customers, if you guys are giving them amazing stuff, amazing value, like they want to give you more money. Like it's, it's painful for me. I wish there was something else. If Tony came out with a new product right now, I'd go nuts. Okay. When I started working with, uh, with Drew Canole, one of the biggest problems he had is that for like three or four years, all they sold was their Drew's by juice by Drew system. They sold like, I don't know, a hundred thousand copies of this thing. And their conversions are going down. They were selling less stuff. And he's like, I don't get it. Like we used to sell so many of these things. I said, look, everybody you know has bought this. Like you sold pretty much everyone on earth who wants to juice. I was like, I bet you. I don't know, but I bet you if you sold these guys something else, they'd go crazy. And so like when they launched Organifi, first thing he did is he posted the thing on Facebook. It's like, Hey, we have a new supplement coming out. Check it out. First day, like within like three hours, $10,000 in sales. Next day, 20,000 boom, boom, and it's consistently sell, sell, sell. And they couldn't shut it off. And he's like, wow, people really want to buy stuff from us. I'm like, yeah, they, people want to give money. That's how we, we work in this world. So I just want to get that concept into you guys because don't feel guilty about like, like create amazing stuff. Use this tool, use click funnels the way it's made. It wasn't made to spend, you know, two or three years of building funnels. So you guys can try this and see people respond. They don't throw it away and try another one. And they do respond. Now you know that you got a winner. And then what's the next thing they want? What's the next way you can provide value to those people? I remember the first time I had this conversation with Chad, the chiropractor. It was so funny because something has made her and me tell the story before, but he was asking about this whole internet marketing. What, you know, what should I do? How should I, how should I grow my business? I talked about the value ladder thing. And I was like, well, what do you like, like, what do you sell right now? I was like, well, people come in, I adjust them, takes my eight seconds and then they give me $50 and they leave. And I'm like, okay. And he's like, well, what else? Like, what should I do? I'm like, we got to sell him something else. Like, I don't know what else to sell them. And then the funniest thing happened. Back then there was a while I was training for the Olympics and we had built our own training center and brought in the Olympic Greco coach and a bunch of wrestlers. And we had all these guys are training and there was a chiropractor that came in each week and would adjust everyone. And then, uh, and one day she, or one week she couldn't come in or whatever. And the guys were all like sore. And so one of the guys, Justin, um, he was like, well, it can't be that hard. I can figure out. So went on YouTube typed in how to do a chiropractic exam. So I watched these videos and he's like, all right, I get the gist. Went into the team and adjusted every single person on the team. And he called me up. He's like, Hey, tell the chiropractor not worried about coming this week. Like I just took care of it. I adjusted everyone. I started laughing. I'm like, you adjusted everyone. He's like, yeah, I saw it on YouTube. It wasn't that hard. And so of course for me, I'm like, I'm like, I got to make fun of Chad. So first thing that I call Chad, I'm like, Hey, Chad, and I told him the story and I'm laughing hysterically. I said, how many years did you go to college to learn how to do that? And he's like, you know, six years, whatever they go to. And I'm like, he figured out watching YouTube videos in about 10 minutes. And at first he was so mad. I was listening to him yelling at me for a while. And then I was like, you know, like, I wouldn't have called you just to be a jerk, but there's a lesson here. I said, the only thing that you sell at your practice is something that my friend watched 10 minutes YouTube videos and mastered. I was like, did you learn anything else in the six years that you were in school that you could use to serve people? He's like, yeah, I can do this. I can do this. I can do all these other things. I was like, do you offer any of those things to your clients? He's like, no. All I do is I adjust them. I send them back out the door. I said, man, you got so much value. You can provide people, but you've got one funnel and that's all you do. I was like, how much more value can you provide someone? When you start thinking that way, they start saying, well, man, we can do this. So we start giving all his clients these tests where they come in and they take a test cost $250 and from there it finds out their hormone levels, all these sorts of issues. And after they take the test, they sell them a $4,500 supplementation program and he's changing people. He's making way more money, changing people's lives because he figured out like, how else can I provide value to people? Okay. So that's really the, what I want to kind of just emphasize to you guys is that creating a funnel is good. You got to get that. And then after you've got that, like, what's the next thing you can do? How can you provide value at the next level and the next level? And that's how you start building a really good company. Okay. That's why we can spend money. We can spend 20, 30, 40, $50 to give away a book because all I know that that's the first experience. If I do it right and I make people and I blow their mind and I give them a great experience, they're going to come to the next thing and they're going to come to the next thing and they're going to naturally want to a set. And that's what you guys are going to be doing with your customers as well. Okay. All right. Get amateur folks in front end. There's kind of our process. Okay. So the next question is how do you move people? Like, how do you get people from funnel one, the funnel two, the funnel three? Okay. The first way is on the thank you page. Okay. Thank you page is where we have our offer wall. So on the thank you page for the book launch, we took people from here, which was like an invisible funnel style webinar. We also had three more trip wires here. We had our click funnels trial here. This is another one right here that says, basically it says, need my help? If so, click here and take some to the coaching funnel. Okay. Now a lot of people don't necessarily buy off the thank you page. Very few people actually apply for coaching for me off the thank you page. We do get some people who do, but most of them see it there. A lot of people click on it. They come, they see like Liz's video or Tony's video or some video and they're introduced to like, okay, like that thing, but most people don't go and apply right away, but they're introduced to it right away. Okay. A lot of times I like introducing my higher ticket things, even though I know they're not going to do anything just so that they see it and they're aware of it. And then that's the first thank you page. Second way is through action phones like we talked about earlier. After someone comes in, they purchase a product, now you'll be able to put them through different action sequences and things like that to get them now into the next funnel in your thing. Okay. Moving from a book funnel to a webinar funnel, from a webinar funnel to a high ticket funnel. So you do next things through action funnels and then, and that's kind of the process. That's how we move people along. Okay. Now I don't know my stats as well as, as Gary, I thought it was interesting. We talked about six, they watched his, his video, his 90 minute long documentary six times on average before they buy. And I don't know on mine. I never actually checked that stat, but I know people see our application page multiple times before they ever actually applied and they've got to see it. They got to keep seeing it out in front of them. And so that's why it's important on our side, why we create new videos and new things because, because it takes people multiple times, seeing it in multiple testimonials and multiple things. And so that's kind of how, how we do it. All right. Okay. Next thing I want to transition to, and this is kind of, we're going to end the day with is, is what happens when, when a funnel flops? Okay. It's frustrating, right? You spend all this time, this energy, and all that. This energy and all these things, you put it out there and you start driving traffic and it doesn't work. And you're like, man, like this sucks. And you get all frustrated and all mad. And a lot of times people just want to give up, right? Just walk away and be like, you know what? This doesn't even work. And watch my hands of this. But you know, I think back about like over my career, and I, somebody hasn't heard me tell this story. I remember my senior year in a Boise State, I was taking a creativity class and I had this teacher and he had us each make a project, so I'm doing something creative and showing it to the class. For me, I was just learning about InternetMark and I made this little membership site selling public domain products and I put it all together and we launched it and I got about 300 people to sign up for this membership site at like $27 a month. So I was making however much money. And I took it to the class and that was my presentation on my creative project. I showed that whole thing and, and I remember I showed that in my class and everyone's sitting back in the class was kind of bored out of their mind. And my teacher, Dr. Merley, was a little Indian guy. He was like going nuts, like freaking out like, do you guys see what Russell just did? Like do you guys, he built a business during our class project. He's making like $10,000 a month. Like that's more than I make. Like he's just going nuts about this thing, right? And it was so exciting for him and Russ got sitting there and he's like, he comes up, it sounds like he's in classes. Do you have any questions for us? Like this is amazing. What questions do you guys have? And I remember there's this kid like sitting in his chair, his hat's on backwards, like kind of just like sitting back, not really paying attention and raises his hand like this. And I'm like, yeah, you guys, man, Russ, that seems really cool and all, but it seems like a lot of work. It's like, man, I spent a lot for like, for six weeks, I spent a lot, I worked really hard. I worked my butt off for six weeks, but now when it was done, I had an asset that was making me $10,000 a month. I was like, you, you're sitting in this chair in like two weeks. Now we graduate, then you're going to get a job making like minimum wage and then in 10 years now you get a raise, then you're going to do this. And by the time you're like 60, you might be making 10 grand a month. Like that seems like a lot more work than what I'm talking about. Right? And so you have to put this into perspective. Okay. So many times you come into the internet marketing business and you're trying to build a company, right? And if we spend a week on something and it doesn't work, we're frustrated, we're mad, we're like, I'm out of here. It's like, do you think that the guys about Walmart were frustrated when Walmart didn't work at first? Right? How many years did it take before that became profitable? Most companies online, they are not profitable for a long, long, long time. Todd and I were watching a documentary the other day about a, crap, it's the auto responder company. I'm going to blank out who it is. Anyway, it was like eight or nine years before they were profitable. Now that I can huge $100 million a year company, but took eight or nine years before they broke even. Okay? You look at most companies, that's what they do. Now we're coming in and saying, I want to build a funnel in the first week and see that they make money or I'm out. Like that's, like we're building a company, we're building a business, we're changing people's lives. If something flops, it's not a bad thing. You look at it and say, okay, it didn't work the first time. What do I need to change? How do I need to move things around? What do I got to change? What are other people doing? You're learning and you're studying, you keep working, you keep working. If you do that and you don't stop and you put forth the time and the effort, it's going to work. Okay? There was a, I was listening to a tape set or a CD set or something like that with Brian Tracy and he told a story about how he was watching this TV show and in the TV show it was like a talk show and they had all these millionaires on stage, like 15 or 20 millionaires on stage and they were asking about how they built their empires and he asked the question, the host and said, how many times did you guys have to fail on average before you became a millionaire? And the people didn't really know at first they're kind of adding up and went to commercial break and when they came back from commercial break, they added up all the people, all, how much money, how long it had taken them, how many times they had failed or gone bankrupt or screwed up before they became a millionaire. And the average of this collective group of millionaires, it took them 11 times before they made a million dollars. And then Brian Tracy came back and said, do you think that the reason why I took them all 11 times is that they all got lucky on the 11th try? He said, no, what happens is you try something and it doesn't work. You're okay, so you didn't try this and it still doesn't work. And you try this and you try this and after five, six, seven, ten different tries, eventually you figured out all the different ways that things aren't working and eventually there's nothing, there's no other option besides being successful. Like it just works that way. Right? What did Thomas Edison say about the light bulb? How many, like 3,000 times he figured out ways to not make the light bulb until finally one of them worked. Right? That's how you have to look at this stuff. That's why for me, someone's asking me like what's the best way to get into, to understand funnels and it's like you got to look at a lot of funnels. I look at at least ten a day every single day consistently. Like I'm actively going out there looking, I'm clicking on every single ad I can because I want to see what people are doing all the time because I'm looking and I'm like learning, I'm seeing what everyone's doing and getting different ideas so that when I'm working on my things I can take things, I can tweak things, I can move things in. And every time I see a good idea somewhere else, I bring it back to my funnel and see if that's going to help increase what I'm doing. And you guys got to become students of this stuff. You got to become addicted to that, that part of it. And as you do, when you have a funnel flop, it's not like a dead thing. It's just like okay, that part didn't work. What do I need to change? What do I need to change? What do I need to change? After four, five, six, seven tries, you're going to get it. Like if you're relentless and consistent, like you can't not, not make it. Like it just, eventually it will work as long as you're following obviously good principles and following these things. And we're trying on our side the best we possibly can to give you guys the training and the tools and you know, as much stuff as we can to help simplify that process. But when it all comes down to it comes back to you guys. Because in fact you guys being stubborn and just keep pushing forward and keep pushing forward and keep pushing forward. And if you are and if you do that, you can't help but be successful. I promise you guys that. And now I want to share with you guys one last thing. What's it like when one of these things blows up? Who here has ever had one of their funnels, one of the things that has blow up before and make a lot of money? Okay. How's it feel? How's it feel, Jason? It feels amazing, huh? I remember there was a book that I read a while ago and I had, this is man eight or nine years ago and I had a chance to interview the author. He's a guy who made a hundred million dollars in 23 months. And one of the chapters in his book was like what it's like when one of these things blows up and he started telling his story about the money and the cars and all the stuff that came from. I remember reading that and just being like, man I can't even imagine what will happen. Can you imagine what life will be like when that happens? And I just want to tell you guys that this happens all the time and it'll happen for you. Not every time. Okay. I've been doing this for a long time. I've had tons of strikeouts. I had tons of singles, tons of doubles. But every once in a while when you're consistent, you get one that just connects and it just goes crazy. And you'll make more money in a very short period of time, in a week, in a month, in a year than most people ever dream about in a lifetime. And so that's why we do this. It's worth it. It's worth it because of that. And the other part that's even more important is that when one of these things blows up, what that means on the other side of it is you are, whatever it is you're selling, your product, your service, your message, when it blows up it means that you're getting that message out to insane amounts of people. And the money is how we keep score. The money is how we see the value on this side. But that's how we really change people's lives. For me, when we have funnels that explode, when ClickFunnels started exploding and started taking off, the money's been fun. That's a good benefit for all of us. But what gets me excited, what gets Dylan and Todd excited, what gets our entire support team excited is this. Every single night when you guys have left, we have meetings afterwards and just talk about you guys. Every single day, how much fun it is to see what you guys are doing and see how you're evolving. And that's what's really important. And that's the message I want to kind of share with you guys today is that it's worth it. It's worth it from a financial standpoint, but more so it's worth it because the people's whose lives you will change and you will affect by doing this and by being consistent and by trying and trying and trying over and over and over again, you'll change people's lives in your own way. And that's what makes it worth it. That's what makes it worth it for me. That's why I'm up here three days in a row going crazy, trying to give and serve as much as I can because I know that for each of you guys, if you take one thing away and you go back and you just do it, you're going to be able to serve your customers and change their lives in a way. And it means the world to me and it means I promise it will mean the world to you as you start seeing people's lives change. So with that said, I just wanted to thank you guys from my heart, from our team's heart for being here, for putting in the time and the effort to come out here. I know it's hard to get away from work and family and everything to come to an event like this, but we're so grateful and honored to have you guys here. And so what we want to do is have you guys stand up and give yourselves a huge round of applause. And if you've had an amazing experience, please tell everyone on Facebook, take pictures with me or I'm going to be out for the next hour, take pictures with me with our staff, our team, blow them up over Facebook, let everyone know who missed it, what they missed out on. Because next year it's going to be even more fun than this. I promise you guys. Thanks so much. Appreciate it.