Now you guys can understand a lot of the conceptual stuff behind traffic. That last session kind of helped a lot of you guys hopefully. So you don't have to be as smart as people probably think I am because I'm not. That's not the key. The key is really to understand as the entrepreneur where these things are at, who your market's at, where they're at. So now I'm going to help you guys to really get more specific and find out exactly where those guys are at. Okay? And this is where it starts getting really, really fun for me. So I had one of my friends and mentors, when I first got started in this business, he told me, he said, the thing about internet marketing is like everyone wants to figure out how to create traffic. He's like, your job's not to create traffic. Traffic's already out there, right? People are already on Facebook and on these blogs and they're already everywhere out. Your goal is not to create new traffic. It's to find out where that traffic is at and then tap into it and figure out how to get that traffic and divert it back over to you. So when you heard that, it made a lot of sense to me. And that's kind of where this whole concept comes from. So the first thing I want to find out, what I'm going to do instead of me just going out, what normally happens for most people, it still shocks me because I went the opposite way. When I got started, one of my big mentors, the guy that I looked at all the time was the guy named Armand Moran. Anyone here know Armand or seen his stuff? So Armand was like one of my first heroes, right? One of the first attractive characters on the line just captured me. I was like, this guy's awesome. I was watching what he did. He was creating all these little software products. He called them generator software. So we had ebook generator, ecover generator, header generator, sales letter generator, all these different generator softwares. And he had all these things. And so I was trying to create my very first offer, my very first product. I was like, I want to make a software product. And my first idea was for a product called ZipBrander. And ZipBrander was just this little software product. It did one thing. And I was so excited. I went and I found this guy in Romania. I paid him $20. He built the whole thing for me. I had my very first product. And I was like, well, how am I going to sell this? Well, I wasn't smart enough to just figure out how to go sell it. But I knew Armand's stuff. And I looked at all his sites. And his sites looked awesome. So I just looked at his site and I modeled it exactly. My site looked identical to his. He had this little ecover image. I didn't even cover image. He had a header graphic. I had a header graphic. He had a sales letter. It had like 13 paragraphs. Mine had 13 paragraphs. I modeled it identical. And that was how I created my very first offer. And luckily for me, Armand knew what he was doing. So when I modeled him, it just, mind luckily, worked as well. It was this great thing. And I think a lot of us, for whatever reason, we don't model things. We just kind of think, I'm going to try this and try stuff. And it just doesn't work, right? Tony Robbins went out to his, I can't remember which one of his events. We talked about it. He said, if you want to become the best in the world of something, you don't go out and try to figure out your own. You find the best person in the world. And you find them. And you model them. And you do exactly what they do. And I've seen Tony, I've seen guys in this organization who do this. One of Tony's main trainers is a guy named Joseph McLendon. And Joseph is awesome. The first time I met him, I was speaking at an event. And I did this close. And it was one of my best pitches I ever did. I did my close and rushed to the back. And he bought the thing. And afterwards, he pulled me aside. And he was like, man, your pitch was awesome. Just so you know, I'm going to model it identical for my next thing. I was like, I was like so on. I'm like, well, thank you very much. And then I saw him a year or two later at a UPW. He'd come behind stage when he was presenting. And we hung out in the little green room they have back there. And it was really cool. And he told me, you know what, Russell? He's like, the way you did your pitch, he's like, I just modeled that. And it worked. And so we started talking about modeling. He's like, man, I will never in a million years step into any, try to do anything without finding the best person just copying him. He's like, for example, he's like, three months earlier, I had this new product I was going to launch. And so I knew this guy named Jeff Walker, who does his product launch thing. And so he's like, I went to Jeff's site. I looked at his process. I saw his very first video was 38 minutes and 12 seconds. I made a video was 38 minutes and 12 seconds. He said, I want to be to the second exactly the same. I wanted to model it. My upsell, the second video was this. And he's like, I modeled the look of this page, the fill of this page, the script, what he talked about. I talked about the equivalent for my thing. He's like, I modeled as close as humanly possible because I knew this work. So why would I go out there and try to reinvent the wheel? I know this works. Let me just model as close as I can for my stuff. And it's going to be successful. And he did. And he launched it and made a ton of money. So many of you guys out there, I promise you, are trying to reinvent the wheel. And that's not the key in this game. The game is not to ever reinvent the wheel. It's to find what's already working perfectly and then model it. So this is how we do this process. And this is the key. This is why I want to do this session tonight before we get into funnel building because I do not want you to look or even try to build a funnel until you see your competitors' funnels and so you can model it exactly. And so this all starts first off on where are your competitors? Who here knows who their competitors are online? Who here does not know who their competitors are? This is key, you guys. The first thing you have to know is who are your competitors? Who's selling the same thing you want to sell? If nobody is selling the exact same thing you want to sell, it's probably a bad sign. I get people all the time who are like, guess what, Russell? Coolest thing I found this market, nobody's in it. I'm the first dude in it. I'm like, don't be in it. Why not? Because that means if nobody's in it, there's a good reason why. And people are like, oh, I want to do a weight loss product. But guess what? Everyone's got a weight loss product, so I don't want to be in it. No. If everybody's doing a weight loss product, probably a good idea. It means there's a big, huge market. And so I want to look at it. So if you don't know who your competitors are, you need to find your competitors. That's one of the most important key things. Because you want to see everything about them. I want to find out what they're selling, what price points they're selling, what their upsells down, what their downsells are. I want to see what traffic sources. I want to see everything about them, and then I'm just going to model it. So if you don't know who your competitors are yet, you need to find them. I'm going to show you guys how to find them. But that's the key. You've got to find out who your competitors. Now, there's two type of competitors I'm looking for. First are my direct competitors. So if I have a weight loss offer, who are all the other people that have a weight loss offer? I want a direct competitor. So if I'm selling an ebook, who else is selling a weight loss ebook? I want to see every single one of them. So that's a direct competitor. An indirect competitor is I got a weight loss ebook. Who are the people selling weight loss supplements? Who are the people selling weight loss magic creams? Who are the people that are also selling maybe fitness things? Things that aren't identical but are close. So I'm looking at both of those. Who are my direct competitors who have almost identical same product? And then who are my indirect competitors? And that's the first step here. Now, the second step is after I know exactly who these competitors are, the second step is I've got to find out what it is they're doing. I want to reverse engineer what they're doing so I can model it. Anyone ever seen the movie Paycheck with Ben Affleck? His job in this movie was they would find this equipment, these people, these companies would make. He'd come in and his job was reverse engineer all this stuff and figure out how everything now worked. And then he would make improvements and they'd rebuild it and they'd launch a competitor a month later and beat out these people. That was his whole entire job in the movie. It was really cool. And so when I start thinking about it, it's just like Paycheck, man. I got to see this guy's making a million bucks a year right now. I need to be Ben Affleck. I need to come in and I need to pull this whole thing apart, see how it all works. I see how it all works. Then I can put it back together and make my own and make it a little bit better and boom, make even more money. This is really like, I'd say, probably the biggest secret you guys. Some people think, oh, Russell, you're a genius. I just find out what's working. I reverse engineer it and make my own version. Like that's the whole game. It's very, very simple. Now there are five things I'm looking for and I'm reverse engineering and offer. An offer or a funnel, whatever it is you want to call it. These are the five things I'm looking for. First off is the demographics. This is who, right? We talked about who. Who do they sell them to? I need to find out that. Second thing I find out is what's their offer? What are they selling? Are they selling an e-book? They have a free-play shipping product. They're selling on a webinar. Like how are they making money? If it's working for them, it's probably going to work for me as well. So I want to find out exactly what their offer is. A lot of people say, Russell, what should I sell my product for? What are your competitors selling for? They're selling for $27, sell for $27. Maybe I should do mine for $37. Well, I wouldn't. They've proven it works. So let's just model it, copy it, whatever you want to call it. Do the same price as they're doing it first. You can tweak in testings later. But the very first time, I'm going to try to get the most perfect funnel as possible from day number one. So I'm going to model every single thing as close as I can do. You don't want to go and try to reinvent the wheel initially. So the offer is the second thing. What's the offer? What are they selling? How are they bundling it? I want to know everything about that. Any of my competitors' sales videos, when I go to their sites, you can ask my brother. I go to their sales video. I send him an email. He's a video guy. I said, Scott, I want you to go and rip the audio out of this sales video. He rips the audio. And I send that audio to a transcriptionist. Someone transcribed the whole sales video. And I print it out. And I have it on my computer. And I read through that thing a thousand times. I want to know exactly what they're offering. I know someone else who does that too. He's snitting on his head back there. That's how it works. I've got literally every single sales video in every single market I'm in printed out. Everyone Ryan Dice offers, I have them. Every front end video, upsells, downsells, printed out on my computer. Because I want to know exactly what it is they're selling, why it's working, why it's, and if I don't know that, how do I expect to compete in that market? I didn't know exactly what's happening at any given second in all the offers in my market. So that first thing is the front end offer. Now you have to buy your competitor's product. How much money it costs you need to buy it? How many times did you buy a nurse sell? Well. How many times did you buy it on purpose? Three times on purpose. Three times on purpose. Edo Keef Supplement. I bought Edo Keef Supplement probably six times. Same purpose. I knew he was a competitor. And I bought the thing. And I took screenshots. I made a video of me buying the entire thing. Because I want to see what he was selling. Upsells and downsells. And I bought it. Second time I want to see if he'd change anything. I could have been like six months. I'm like, I wonder if he's still doing this action. I bought it again. Same. Oh, that changed. Wow. Interesting. That changed. I wonder why he did that. Maybe I should try that. But you should find five or six or 10. How many of your competitors do you need to buy their stuff? And you do this as your homework. It's not just some buying that seem to get the stuff. You're buying it. See, after you buy it, where do they take me? What's the upsell? What's the price point on the upsell? What's the downsell? What's the price point on the downsell? Do I have another upsell? Is there what emails am I getting? What's the email sequence? How many emails do I get? Am I getting email every day? I got to know this stuff. Because I got to reverse it in here what's currently working so I can model it. So the offer is huge. Third thing is the landing page. The page that they're driving traffic to is one of the most important parts of this entire thing. Now the nice thing about click funnels, you guys, is every single landing page that I've ever seen that converts well, we've knocked it off since I click funnels. Excuse me, every single page that I ever find in the future, we knock it off since click funnels. So I see a page that's converting well. Boom, the next day it's in click funnels. So that's one nice thing that we're cheating for you guys, because I want it for myself. Literally, I'm obsessed with this stuff. That's why click funnels are launching with over 100 page templates a day, number one, because these are all the templates I've always wanted to have. So we have them all in there. But seeing landing pages, what does the landing page look like? What's the headline? What's the side? What's the back? All that stuff is so important. If you guys have read through 108 split test winners, you've seen we make little tiny tweaks to a color or to a button and things like that, and you'll see 100%, 200% increase just by tweaking something. So what your landing page looks like is very, very important. So I don't want to screw it up. I want to see the guy who's spending money to drive ads right now, what's his look like exactly? I'm going to model it. And I can test from there, but I want my best guess going out day number one. I want the very first time I buy a traffic want thing, it's close to break even as possible. So that's the landing page. Next is traffic source. We talked about where are these people congregating. I can try to find all these people, or I can cheat and just find out, for this guy's offer right here, where's he buying traffic from? And I'll show you guys in a second. In the click of a button, I can see every single website he's currently buying traffic on. And guess what I do? Just buy it there too. Let's say my competitor is Mike Geary. He's got truth about ads. I know he's making a million bucks a month with truth about ads. And if I do every single site he's buying ads on, what if I made a product look like, I mean, that's not truth about ads, it's my product. But I make the landing page look the same, the upside. I just model it perfectly. And if I find every single site Mike's buying ads on, I just buy the same ads, how much money can I make off that? He's making a million bucks a month. Maybe I can make that much. Maybe I can make half of them. Maybe I can double that. I don't know. But if you model it as close as possible, you guys, you can do that. The traffic source and then ad copy is the last. What are the headlines they're using on their banner ads? On the emails, all the stuff they're doing, you want to find out exactly what's working, because you're trying to reverse engineer that. My goal is to get as close to perfect out of the gate as possible so I drive traffic. I'm trying to break even or make a profit. And I can get better from there. But I want to make my very best shot by modeling something that I already know is working. That make sense? Now when I'm doing this, sometimes I'm not able to find one or two things in these offers. But I never want to. It's OK if I don't know. Let's say I can't find the ad copy. I can still reverse engineer pretty close. But there's two unknowns. If I can't find two things, then I'm usually not going to model that thing. I want to make sure I know as much as humanly possible about every single aspect of that. And after I know it, then I'm going to model it works and make something as close to as similar as possible. And that's how I'm going to start my thing. And then from there, there's a lot of stuff we can do. I'm going to show you guys again, tomorrow, we're going to show you guys how to take that and how to add on and build funnels and do all sorts of really cool stuff. But again, from day number one, I want to make it as close to perfect as possible. So is there a question? Yes. Great question. This question is, how do you know if an ad is actually successful? I'll show you right now. You want to see it? Who ever wants to see? OK, so this is the process that I typically go through. I'm going to show you guys a couple of websites. So the first one, where's my click bank crew in here? We've got half a click bank in here. OK, so click bank is one of, especially if you're selling information, products, click bank is one of the best places to get your initial market research to find competitors. So if you're selling something, I have no idea who my competitors are. The first place I look is click bank. Because click bank's got, how many products do you guys have in there now? A bajillion? How many? So 50,000 products ranging from everything from weight loss, make money. There's some crazy weird stuff in there too, I probably shouldn't even mention from stage. They're selling all sorts of weird stuff. Any niche you can dream of, it's in click bank. I got friends who sell chicken coop books on click bank. Like how to make your own chicken coop. And they make insane amounts of money. Who knew that was a market? That's what they do, right? There's all sorts of different stuff. So I come into click bank, clickbank.com. At the very top, there's a button that says, so this is the marketplace. And the left-hand side over here is all the different categories of products, right? So here's all the arts and entertainment, the bedding, things, business investing, computing, food, cooking, wine, e-business, education, employment, jobs, action, games, green products, health and fitness, home and garden, languages, mobile, parenting, politics, reference, self-help, software, spirituality, sports, and travel. Do any of your markets not fit into one of those categories? Should cover 99% of you. Every once in a while, there's one that's not going to fit. But for the most part, they're in here. So this is the first place I go. So for this example, I'm going to go and I'm going to do health and fitness. Now the second step, what's cool, I click health and fitness. And this is going to show me all the health and fitness products. And what's cool is it categorizes based on which one is selling the most right now. So right now I know the Venus factor of all the weight loss offers, probably 10,000 weight loss offers in click bang. That one's selling the most right now. This is the hot offer of the day. And these guys are all competing. You're the one, two, three, four. They're all going crazy against each other. And so whoever's the top, it's working. It's working really, really well. Then you've got these other ones, reverse diabetes, which we promote that to our nurse cell list. And it did awesome. Cellulite gone, ultimate herpes protocols. We've got herpes product. And you start going through it and you start finding it. And I'm looking for an offer that's either identical or close. It's close to humanly possible to what I want to do. So if you don't have a product yet, which one's the close? Like, yeah, I want a herpes product. Whatever that is for you, I don't care. Find out what that thing is and find the one that's closest to what it is you want to do. And that's going to be step number one. So for this example, I'm going to do Venus factor. So click on Venus factor. And now I'm going to start going through these five things. So the first thing I'm going to try to find out is what their offer is. So Venus factor, I'm going to go to the website. You click right here on this red thing, take to the website. And boom, here is Venus factor. So this is what Venus factor page looks like. I don't know about you, but I'm like, this is an ugly page. And most of you guys may be like, that page is ugly. I can make something better. Don't. It's freaking working. These guys are making. What do you think, BJ? What do you think these guys are making today, right now, on your network? Yeah. I would guess, I would conservatively say they're doing at least 1,000 sales a day. At least, and probably closer to 2,000 or 3,000 sales a day. Now they've got a front end product, up sales and down sales. So you put that in perspective. Let's just say the average customer makes them $40 a sale, which is higher than that. I know it's higher. Let's just say $40 on the low end. $1,000 sales, $40 grand a day. 3,000 sales, $120 grand a day. My guess is they're at least $100,000 a day they're making today with this offer on clickbait. You think I'm close? In the weight loss space, some of my friends have hit number one in clickbait. They're averaging anywhere from 1,000 to 3,000 sales a day. So there's kind of a margin. So this site's, who here run an offer to make $100,000 a day? Who here thinks it's a good idea to not try to make it better than it already is? This is what it looks like. So let's don't try to make something better. Let's just make it look kind of like this. So I'm going to watch this video. This is their video sales letter. I'm going to listen to it. Again, if you get transcribed, whatever you can do to it, I want to find out exactly what it is they're selling. What their offer is, what the product is, what's the, why is this going crazy right now? Why is everybody buying this? What's the message that they're using right now? They're using something. It's working. Let's find out exactly what it is. Let's come down here and find out what the price point is. What are they selling theirs for? Because I have a fantasy book. Where should I sell for? I don't know. Let's find out what these guys are selling it for. They're selling for $47. You know what? I bet you they've tested that price. So I could either go and test it or I could just copy them because that's what they've proven has worked. I was listening to anyone here know Agora Publishing? They're a billion dollar information company. They're probably the biggest info publishers in the world. And they sell financial newsletters and they sell financial newsletters $100 a year to join their financial newsletters. They do this in the eight different divisions and do over a billion dollars selling these financial newsletters. And I heard Porter Sandsbury who runs their biggest division, he used to, he's worked there, I think he retired or something. But I heard him speak on stage and he said, it was interesting, he said, hey, if you're going to do a financial newsletter, you should sell it for $97 a year. He said, do you know how I know that? Because we've tested everything else in the world and the only way we've ever made it successful is $97 a year. You can come out and do it every one. You can sell it for $50 a year because you're going to undercut it. You can sell it for $200 a year if you think you can make more money. But we have tested things so well in over a billion dollars in sales, this is the only thing we'll ever do. So why would I try to second guess that? That's the price people are paying. They've done all the testing for you. Venus Factors done testing for me. I'm going to sell my product at $47. If this is the way I want to do it. So I'm going to buy this product. I'm going to see what the upsells are, I'm going to see the downs, so I'm going to find out exactly what this offer is. That's key. That gives me number two. It also gives me number three. I saw what their landing page was. So the next thing I got to find out is where is their traffic source? Where is $100,000 a day of money coming from? Because if I can find those people, I want to be on the same sites. There's a couple of sites we used to do this. This one is a free one. They have an upgrade too, but you can get a lot of info for free. So if you go to similarweb.com, forward slash website, forward slash, and then that website URL. So similarweb.com, forward slash website, forward slash venusfactor.com, I click that in there. I'm going to show you guys some amazing stuff. Check out all the stuff they give me. They come through here. You see there are rankings, all kind of stuff. Come down here, you see how much is coming from direct traffic, from referrals, from SEO, from social media, from mail, from display. So in this market, I look at that and said, for their offer, almost none of that's coming from search. So what does that tell me? I probably shouldn't spend any time on SEO, right? Because in my market, no traffic is coming from search. They're getting some from social. So maybe I can spend some time in social. Not too much for mail or display. Referrals are getting a lot in direct. So I kind of see where the traffic is coming from. You come down here, it shows me where people are buying. So I've got basically United States, a little bit in Canada, and a little in Australia. So if I'm buying Facebook ads, I know not to spend any money anywhere else, because that's where all their customers are coming from. So I can cut my ad spend down, because I know exactly where they're at. Come down here, and I can start seeing where their top referring sites are. This is where it starts getting cool. So the website that sends in the most traffic is fastdailyfind.com. Then you've got Motivated to Get Fit. You've got PageRank. You've got all these different sites that traffic's coming from. This is where they're getting their traffic from. And then you see after they go to site, where do they go after that? So they left venusfactor.com. What's the next step they went to? Oh, they went over here to Clickbank, you know what I said, because that's the Clickbank order form. But here's all the other sites, all the other places they visited. I should probably try to buy ads on all those sites as well. Search traffic shows you the keywords that they're searching for. So if you do want to do any PPCs or something, there's the keywords they're looking for. There's tons of stuff. Social, all the socials coming from Facebook and Cafe. I don't even know what cafemom.com is. Man, if I was in the space, that's where I'd be looking at ads. Who knows? YouTube, they're getting traffic Pinterest. Display advertising, showing stuff like that. Now these are not perfect, but it shows you a bunch of stuff. Now the coolest thing down here, I can't hear you see it on the bottom right-hand side. It says Show Ads. Click on Show Ads. It's going to show me what their ads look like. Isn't that cool? So I can see exactly what their ads look like. This is what their ads look like. So if I'm going to be developing a banner ad, what do I do? I model it, right? Make it look similar. I borrow it. Here's their text ads. So I'm telling you, what's a good headline for my product? What's going to be the best headline possible? I'm looking at their text ads. I'm looking at their image ads. One tip for a tiny belly. That's probably a good headline. It's one thing. You guys notice that? It's the one thing. Which three foods can help you drop three sizes in a week? That could be a good email subject line. That could be a good article. That could be a good headline for my thing. I'm trying to see exactly what's working so I can model it. Then you got audience down here. Anyway, there's a bunch of stuff. Similar sites. So this gives me a lot of information for free. You can start digging a lot deeper. There's other services. Similar web's got an upgraded version. You can get even deeper and get even more stuff. I usually test here first because it's free. I can get a lot of information really, really quick. Then there's a couple other sites. One of them is adbeat.com. Adbeat.com is a paid site. It's expensive. It's like $300 a month. But it lets you dig even deeper. Another good one is called whatrunswhere.com. Actually, the UI is better than whatrunswhere. But we always switch back and forth between accounts. We have an adbeat account right now and not the other one. So when you do this, you can start digging a little deeper. So you can see what networks they're by ads on. They're direct by buysellads.com, clickboost. You see where traffic's coming from. I can start seeing similar advertisers. Who's Venus Factor's competitors? Because I want to keep digging deeper. So here, Venus Factor, Fat Loss is a competitor, which is probably there. It's billyfatfree.com, thevenusratio.com, customizefatloss.com, fatlossfactor.com. Anyway, all these are competitors. Now this was interesting. The Venus Ratio, I probably shouldn't tell this. Oh, crap. Well, I have to now. So one of my friends went through this process. He saw the Venus Factor, saw how well it was doing. And he created the Venus Ratio. Same name, same way. He modeled it, and he's killing it with a no. Anyway, just an idea. So similar advertisers, publishers, top phrases. I mean, there's just tons and tons of cool stuff. Now you can start seeing their top ads. I think this gives me ads. This is going to be a lot more of their ads. I see headlines. I see what the image is looking like. If I'm buying Facebook ads, I see what images are working. I see what headlines are working, what text is working. There's tons of these things. So I hired a banner designer. I just say, hey, guys, check out these banners. Want something similar? I want my headline, though. Do you guys know you can find all this stuff? Isn't that awesome? All that. So this shows a lot more banner ads, which is fun. You can start getting deeper and deeper. And I also know that this is their number one referring site. The other thing I know is I know it was first seen on the site January of 2014, and last seen May 12, which means they've been running that ad for 108 days. What does that tell you guys? Yeah, that's probably working, right? Maybe I should model it. American news reports have been running there for 39 days. Health resources for you, 93 days. You can go down, you see exactly how long. This means the ones they've been testing, I might come back in a week from now, a month from now, see if they're still running. If not, they didn't work for them. So why would I have blown my money on that site if it's not working for them? But the ones I know are working, the ones they've been running for 150 days, 108 days, 109 days, that's where I'm going to start at. Remember where should I buy ads first? That's where they're at. The people that are there, my target market's there. I know it's already profitable for these guys. That's where they're at. Yeah, so these questions, can you tell if they're using a network or if they're going direct? Yeah, that's kind of what some of these things are back here. If you look down here, direct buy means they're going directly to the website and placing ad with it. Display is probably more network. You play through it a little bit, you can though. Yeah, here's their direct buy. There's your direct buys, buysellads.com, clickboots, the clickboots to network, Google's network, Bing's network, site scouts to network, ads owner. So there you go. You can see what networks, you can see what direct buys, all that kind of stuff. Now, again, there's a lot of ways to drive traffic, guys. We're going to cover a couple more of them tonight. But the process we go through, I'm glad you asked this question because this leads to it. So there's two ways to buy traffic through this concept. What I'm showing you guys right now, what this is showing me, this is showing me basically, we call it media buying, which is banner ads. This is reverse engineering for most part, banner ads. Like what sites are they buying banner ads on? This is not going to show me what email lists they're buying emails from. This is not going to show me a bunch of other stuff. It's just going to show me the banner ads. So this is what we're talking about first is the first kind of traffic that we're going to be targeting is banner ads. Banner ads. Now, when you do this, there's basically two ways to do it. One is you go direct to the site. The other way is you go through a network. Now, the network, the concept behind the network is basically is there's these dudes who basically set up, they got access to a ton of sites, like thousands of sites. Like buysellads.com has access to thousands. Google ads and thousands of sites. And so the concept is you go to Google and you're going to go and you're going to buy ads on all these tons and tons of sites. Now, in theory, it's awesome. The problem is that most of you guys, including me, will lose our shirts going directly to a network. I won't teach you guys how to do this because we don't do it right now because it's basically the network you're putting your ad in there. It's going on a thousand sites. You're testing all these things, all these variables. And guess what happens? Your money starts getting spent so, so, so, so fast. Like literally we tested this. We did this with NERSA. We had a guy who's this professional guy who's super good at ad networks. We put in an ad and within one day he spent $20,000 of our money in one day and was not profitable. They do what he's doing. He's like, well, you told me to put in networks and I put in. And I thought you were awesome. This is like I am. Like, well, then why isn't it working? He's like, I don't know. He's like, how to work on your side? I'm like, I don't know. All the traffic came in in literally 24 hours. And I was done. And nothing I could do about it. And that's what happened to networks is you're testing a thousand sites, a thousand pages, and all this stuff. And to make that profitable, you've got to be a ninja. Now I'm not a ninja yet. I'm working. Someday I'll become a ninja. So I don't do this. What I do is I go direct because I can test small and I can find out what's going to work and not going to work. So what I'm going to do is I'm going to go directly, initially, to these sites. And I'm going to try to buy an ad directly from that site owner. So I'm going to go to these sites. I'm going to find the ones like healthpages.org and sheclick.it, which I think it might be a network. Mr. Movie Times, Vintage. And then I'm going to do some research on four or five things. I'm going to try to find 10 sites or so that I think would be awesome to buy direct from. I'm going to find 10 sites. I'm going to contact those 10 sites. All of these sites, if you scroll to the very, very bottom, there's going to be all their footer links to the bottom. Has their terms of service and all that kind of stuff. Usually there's a little link down there that says Advertise. You click on that link and there'll be a page. And usually they'll have some kind of media kit or something. And they'll tell you all about their site. They're like, here's our site. Here's our demographics. Here's a bunch of stuff. If you're interested in advertising with us, give us a call or send us an email, whatever. And all you do is basically you send an email to that site and you start a dialogue with whoever it is on their side that sells ads. Very low tech. That's why I like this kind of stuff. It's not like high tech. So I go to that site and I email all 10 people. And now I'm going to start using this to bid against each other. Because I want to get the best rate. So email is attended for people. And my goal right now is to try to find, all I really want to do is I want to buy ads on three sites. And the reason why, if you do one site and it fails, you have no idea if it failed because the site sucked or because your ad sucked or because you have no idea why. So I never like to gamble on one thing. I like to have three different sites I'm going to do my initial test on. The difference is in the network, you're testing 1,000 sites. See how much risk there is in that? Like, put on 1,000 sites. I have no idea which one's going to work. In 90% there's going to be failures. And there's going to be maybe three or 4% that are going to work. I don't know what that is. It's like, waste a 20 or 30 grand. We're here. I'm going to do my best guess effort to find out exactly which sites are going to work. I'm going to contact 10 of them and use that to negotiate. Like, well, these guys are going to get to me for this price. And this price, I negotiate down to the point where I have three sites I'm going to test with. And I'm going to buy ads on those three sites. And it's not a difficult process. And all of a sudden, basically come back to me. Like, hey, I'm going to buy an ad on your site. What I want to do is I'm willing to spend X. I'm only spending $1,000 or $500 or whatever your number is. And you've got to kind of figure out what your budget's going to be on this. Let's say your budget is $1,000. So I'm going to take that $1,000, try to split between these three sites. Some sites won't let you do it that low. Other sites will let you. But you're going to try to negotiate that to get in there. And then you put your banner out on these three sites. And you can start testing it. And traffic will start coming. And really quick, you're going to find out if it's working. And if one site's working, or two, or none of them, and all this stuff will start happening. And that's when you start finding out all these things. It was the demographics right. Did the offer work? Did the landing page work? Did the traffic source work? All these things start happening. And that's how we start buying sites direct. Does that make sense? Now when I'm doing this, again, like I said, we're modeling everything as close as we can. So I know that this is what their offer looks like right here. That's what their landing page looks like. I know that this is what their banner ads look like. And I know these are the sites that their buying these banner ads on. So I'm coming back and I'm replicating making a campaign that looks similar. It's on a similar site and the banner ads similar. I'm trying to do my best guess. And usually if those things work and you put it out there, usually we'll get at least one of the three. A lot of times all three will work. They'll break even on the front or make us a profit. And now we can start doing this and scaling it. And after I've got one site working, then we add another one, and we keep growing until we get five sites and then 10 sites. And every single one of these things, when you add it in, it just starts growing the traffic that's coming into your site. Does that make sense? One of the big things I focus on in our business is how, like one of my monitors, where we want to call is, how can I get myself erased today? I want to get myself erased every single day. The best way to do that is just every time I figure out a new traffic source, what's the new thing I can plug it to? And if I find out this site can get me 100 leads profitable a day, I put it on there, and then every day it's bringing me 100 leads, 100 leads, 100 leads. It's awesome. And I find another site, I get an awesome boom. And I got two sites making me 100 leads a day. I got 200 leads a day coming in. My list is growing, everything's working. And then the third one and fourth, and you keep adding things on, and it's keep growing and growing and growing. And this is one of the easiest ways to scale and offer after it's working, banner ads. Now, there's a lot more to this, obviously. There's so many elements to test and stuff like that, and we don't have time in this. Maybe I'll do a bonus training after where we dig a lot deeper so you guys can see the technical stuff that's hard to show from a stage and from this kind of perspective. But my goal for you is to understand conceptually how this works. This is how we create an offer that's a winner. As we go in reverse engineer, it's already working, model it, find the sites that the traffic's already on, and we put our ads on the same sites. I'm not that smart, right? I just find out what's working, and we model it. That's really the reality of how we all win this game. So for you guys, I want you to do tonight, and I think, I don't know about you, but this is my favorite. I have so much fun with this part of it. Is go tonight, find a couple competitors on Clickbank. If you can't find them on Clickbank, go to Google or go wherever, and at least one of their products buy it. And I want you guys to go through that process and figure out all these pieces. What's their upsell? What's their downsell? What's the offer? What's all these pieces? And spend $100 to buying that thing. That'll be the best $100 you ever spend, because you know exactly what you need to do to be successful.