So the first thing I want to talk about, and I think we're now moving over to section four of the book, yeah, section four, so three types of traffic. So the first thing I want to talk about again is coming back to this, right? Who, where, bait, where, okay? So we talked a lot about who is the person you ideally want to sell to, right? We talked a lot about that, figuring out your customer avatar, finding their Google image picture, getting a perfect description of whoever your dream client is, okay? We talked a lot about that. We talked a little bit about bait. Tomorrow's going to be a lot more about bait, and we talked about where, your back end program, where are you going to take this person to, where are you sending him to, where is your dream with them? So right now, the rest of today, we're going to be focusing on where, where are these people at? Because you can find those people, it makes this whole world, this whole, your whole marketing job a lot easier. And so when I first started understanding this, and I first got into this internet business, the hard thing is that if you look at, you look at what everybody's selling online, right, all the internet marketing gurus, they're selling a thousand different ways to drive traffic, right? Every day there's new product. You should do it on Facebook, on Twitter, on bubble, and there's like so much stuff. I think most people get so overwhelmed because they're trying to learn how to drive traffic from a thousand different sources, and they're just like, yeah, what do I do, right? And so for me, like, I, I'm not going to dig into the technical part, how to do it, but I want you guys to understand the concept behind it, because for me, the second I, I grasp the concept, from that point forward in my life, I was always able to get traffic, okay? And so the strategy behind this is more important than the tactics of how you do it, okay? So when I'm doing this process, there's, there's a couple initial questions I ask myself, and the first one comes back to over here, is who is my target market, okay? We talked a lot about that, so I'm not going to beat that with a dead horse, but you got to, you really have to know exactly who that person is, okay? And how to make money market, the person that I, the, the who that I always kind of look at, it was me when I was a little kid. When I was a little kid, some of you guys have probably heard of this story before, but I used to, I literally would collect junk mail. I would go and I used to get small business opportunity magazine. You guys, who here subscribed to that magazine? If you're not, you should seriously get a subscription. It's like the best magazine in the world. It's 140 pages, four pages of articles and 136 pages of ads, okay? Yeah. And for dudes like me, I love it. Like, the ads are like, that's the gold, right? You read everyone's headlines and how they write their ads. And so I literally was like 12 years old when I got my first copy, and that's a bad idea to give a 12 year old like small business magazine, because you're reading and you're like, oh my gosh. Anyway, I read every single ad and I would always call the 800 number at the end and like, hey, can you send me your free kit? Hey, can you send me your free kit? And so eventually, I was getting so many free kits in the mail from every opportunity in the world that the mailman would show up with a stack of mail so big it would not physically fit in my parents' mailbox. And so the mailman has to come up the door, knock on the door, and hand my parents a stack of junk mail this big. And so I come home from school in like, what, was it the seventh, eighth grade? I come home from school and there'd be a big stack of Russell's junk mail and then my parents have like one or two letters. I'd be so excited. I'd grab this big stack of junk mail, I'd go in my room and I'd open it. I'd be reading sales letters after sales letters and that's probably where I got into this whole thing from. But I just got addicted to that concept, right? And I'd read these things. I remember some of them like, oh, that's dumb. Oh, that's dumb. And some of them would be like, oh my gosh, I got to do this. I got to like ask my parents, can I borrow 100 bucks? I need 100 bucks to be able to do this. Like they would sell me on the next thing. And so whenever I'm trying to create like an opportunity type product, I think back to when I was this little kid and I was struggling and I wanted to make money so bad. And I think, would that have been something that I would have been attracted to? That's what I always look at. So for you guys, think about like whenever it was you got into whatever you do, what was the things that attracted you to that? And if you think about that, that's what's going to really, that's why I decided if it offers good or bad. And when we're on our weight loss stuff, I think about like when I need to lose a lot of weight, what were the things that, like, would that have got me to get up and to move? So again, the first thing is just really understanding who your person is. And then second thing is understanding where those people are at. Okay? Those are the two key questions of traffic. Who is my target market and where are those people at? Okay? For example, probably the best way to illustrate this is when you hear word congregation, what do you guys think of? Church, right? So every Sunday, all the people that have similar beliefs and values will congregate together, right? So all the Mormons, we congregate together in certain churches, right? All the Baptists congregate over here and the Catholics congregate over here, okay? On Saturday the 7th day of venice are over here, okay? Everyone's congregating together based on similar beliefs and values and ideals and they're hanging out together. Okay? Now when I understand that people are congregating, if I'm a marketer and I want to sell something, let's say I'm selling something, like for the Mormon world, there's these guys that sell these things called living scriptures, these DVDs they made of all the Mormon stuff, right? Where do you sell it? Like where's the existing congregation? They're right there. They're hanging out together every Sunday. If you're selling something like that's where they're at, okay? If you're selling something to the Baptists, they're every week they're together, congregate, like that's where they're at. Just go sell something like they're right there, go, right? When I understood that, I started thinking about that. My goal is not to try to tell you guys to go to churches and sell stuff. I thought you could, but my goal is to help me understand the power of congregation because before the internet, people couldn't congregate together. The power of the internet is that people all of a sudden can start congregating together based on their beliefs and their values. For example, if you're a wrestler, and I know this because when I would wrestle at the Boise State, every night we all had mandatory study hall for two hours because almost every wrestler flunked out of school every single, I don't know what is with wrestlers, like we are dumb people, like literally, so they forced us to go two hours of study hall every single night. So at study hall, they had up into computers and you watch the entire wrestling team come up there, we'd sit down and guess what? Every single one of us went to the exact same website. We went to the mat.com, there was a message board and for two hours every single night, every single one of us sat there and we talked on the mat.com to have their wrestlers. This was happening at every single university in America. It's happening every single high school. Anyone who cared about wrestling every night was on the mat. Am I right, Brandon? Everyone's there, right? So if I'm going to be selling something to wrestlers, where am I going to look at? The mat.com, they're all congregated together, they're sitting there all day, all night talking about wrestling. That's where they're at. All I've got to do is throw my bait out into that pond and start pulling people in. Think about the things that you're passionate about. If you're in a personal development, what sites do you go to? Where are you congregating? If you're into real estate, where are you congregating at? Think about your target customer. Where are they at? Where are they hanging out? What blogs are they reading? What email newsletters are they on? What Facebook groups are they part of? I start going through all these different things and as soon as I know that, they're all on Facebook and they're all on this fan page. If I'm selling a juicing product, Drew Canole's got 1.1 million people who are interested in juicing sitting there congregating talking about juicing. Where should I go to sell my juicing product? Shailoa, there's a site with a million people talking about juicing all day long. Boom, there they're at. I'll tell you for now, a little extra money. There's tons of them though. It's not just Drew Canole's. There's another guy. There's probably a thousand sites now based on it. That's the power of the internet, guys. That's why little guys like us can make insane amounts of money because we don't have to spend money driving TV and all these kinds of things. When we were doing consulting stuff with Tony Robbins, what was interesting is he told me, he said, Russell, when I first started this business, he said there were three channels. It was ABC, NBC, and CBS. Everyone's watching one of the three channels. Guess what I did? I bought ads in all three. We made millions of dollars. All of a sudden, all these cable shows start popping up. Suddenly, there was a thousand different channels. I could not afford to advertise because everyone was every, and it was too expensive to acquire customers and we had to cut everything. He was freaking out. I can't grow my business because it's so expensive because there are everything out there. He started shifting his marketing online. Online's powerful because I can only show my message. If I'm on, if I buy an ad in the Super Bowl and I'm selling my how to make a potato gun product, there may be 18 bajillion people watching it, but there's only three guys who want to buy a potato gun product. Unless I'm selling a thing for $800,000 a piece, I'm not going to make my money bag. I can go online and find a potato gun group with 20,000 people who are rabid talking about potato guns and they're sitting in one little congregation hanging out. I just throw my bait in the water and start pulling out money. All day long. All day long. That's what traffic is, you guys. It's not SEO, PPC, all these terms that everyone's coming up with. That's the tactics behind how you do it, but none of you guys as entrepreneurs should know how to do that. Who here thinks I know how to run a Facebook ad? I'm scared to death of Facebook. I told you earlier, I never, ever, ever, ever, ever log in. We're making sane amounts of money off Facebook. Who here thinks I know how to buy an email ad? I don't know how to, but I don't. Your job as entrepreneurs is not to understand the tactics behind it. There's geniuses who do the tactics all day long and you can hire them for pennies on the dollar. What I'm trying to do as an entrepreneur is to understand very, very clear exactly who your person is and where they at. After you know that this is where they're at, now we've got to figure out how to get our bait out in front of them. I can hire a guy to do it or I can figure it out. It doesn't matter, but they're right there. They're sitting right there. It's like shooting fish in a barrel, is that what they call it? Ducks in a barrel? I don't know. But they're all right there. Do you guys get that? That's the power of this whole internet thing. That's why people like me who are not that intelligent can make millions and millions of dollars because I know two things. I know who my target market is and I know exactly where they're at. Your job as entrepreneurs is to be the master of these two things. Understand this person better than anyone else in the world knowing exactly where they're at. The last step is where you can take these people. This is all the value ladder stuff. Now that I got them, I need to get bait to get them in the door and let's take them. Where can I take these guys to? How can I help them? How much more value can I provide them? Because the more value I can provide them, the more money I'm going to make and the more help I'm going to give to them. Isn't that kind of a cool process when you understand that? Quit worrying about all the s-white. On this event, you will never learn the tactical parts of it because the tactics change every single day and you're always chasing and you're running and it's just that's not the focus. The focus of entrepreneurship is to do this part. If you're going to ask a building contractor, you're like, hey man, so tell me how you put all the electrical wires in. You're looking like a hired electrician. You're like, okay, that makes sense. How do you do all of the foundation stuff? Hire the foundation guy. Okay. That makes sense, you guys. The contractor doesn't know how to do all that crap. Guess what he knows how to do? He knows how to contract it out. Guess what I know how to do? I know where my people are at. I just contract it out. Hey, they're right there. Go get them. Sweet man. There's some more over there. Oh, I found this cool Facebook page. Oh. I just do what I'm doing all day long and I find cool places and then I have my team. I have people in place and say, hey, go get them. They're there at. They start going after them. That's the one for you guys as well. It should not be. There's things you're going to have to learn, especially when you're getting started. Obviously, you got to do all this yourself. The reality is, if you get so caught up in the technical part, and I did this, I can't tell you how many times I got caught up trying to learn SEO. Man, I went on this three-year SEO binge where I thought it was the coolest thing in the world and I was studying stuff. We spent so much time and energy, money, we built teams of people. I don't think we ever made a penny off of, like, literally got so tied up in the tactics. Then Facebook came around and there's my people and we hired someone like, hey, man, can you just go get them? Boom, leads start coming like crazy. I was like, that was way easier. So much easier. That's what I really want to stress for you guys is that process. That's the first, is who and where. The second thing is you have to understand there's three types of traffic. This is another one of the big keys, the big ahas that I had. I remember I had this. I was like, wow, this all becomes really, really easy now. The first type of traffic is traffic you control. So I have this traffic. I control it. So an example of traffic I control is a Facebook ad. I don't own that traffic. Facebook does, right? This is Facebook's people that are on Facebook, but I can buy an ad so I can control that traffic and say, hey, go right there. I can go to Google and buy a paper click ad. Google owns that traffic. It's their people, but I can buy an ad. I can control that traffic and send it over here. I can go, somebody else has an email list of a million people that I know are my target market. I can say, hey, we buy an ad and send it over here. So he goes and he sends it over here. So I don't own that traffic, right? But I control it. So paid ads is traffic we control. We can pay money and tell people where to push that traffic. That's traffic you control. Typically you're always going to push traffic you control through something we call a squeeze page. We'll talk about here in a minute. The second type of traffic is traffic you don't control. A couple examples of that is like SEO. Anybody here who tried to do SEO? I hope you guys don't even hear love SEO. Everybody loves it, especially after the last year or two or three. Anyway, so SEO is traffic I don't really control. I do a bunch of stuff and I hope for stuff, but people just randomly show up or they don't show up. I'm not controlling. I'm hoping and praying. I'm doing a bunch of stuff. Probably the best example of this is I remember, this is probably five or six years ago, back when BJ was working for me doing my SEO back when we were trying to figure it out. And one of my friends, Willie Crawford, had written an email saying, and the title of his email is Russell Brunson is a little snot. I remember, I really was like, that's kind of funny. So I copy his email and post it on my blog and I put it up there and didn't think much about it. And two days later, BJ comes to my office kind of laughing. He's like, you want to see something funny? I'm like, yeah, what's that? He's like, go to Google, type in little snot. I'm like, why? He's like, just go try it. I'm like, check it out. So I type in little snot and guess who's ranked number one on Google for the keyword little snot? I was. My blog was number one on Google for little snot and I was so proud of myself. Now what's interesting is like, there's probably someone somewhere, maybe probably not, but if somebody happened to go to Google and type in little snot, and all of a sudden they see my site and they click on it and they show up my site, that person got to my site. I didn't control them. I had no idea what made them wake up that morning and type in little snot, but it worked and they showed up my site. That's an example of traffic you don't control. Another good one is a lot of Facebook, like paid Facebook ads, I'm controlling it. A lot of the other stuff happens on Facebook, I don't control that. For example, I write something funny on Facebook and then Brandon makes fun of it and then his friend shares it and somehow somebody shows up at my site and I don't know how that'll happen, but they just show up and it's just traffic I don't control. But typically traffic I don't control, I send them to my blog. Now both of these kinds of traffic things are good, but my only goal with traffic I control and traffic that I don't control is to convert those people from those types of traffic into traffic that I own. Traffic that I own is the best type of traffic. That's what I want because when I own that traffic I don't got to pay for it again. It's my traffic. I can do whatever I want with it. I can send it here. I can send it here. I can read an email one day where Joel, Terri, is like, hey, we're giving away a Ferrari to whoever you sell the most stuff. I'm like, awesome. Hey, traffic, go over there. Boom, I got a Ferrari. What's the next thing? You can sell whatever you want. You own that traffic, you can push it wherever you want. That's the goal. This is how you become financially free is by owning traffic. The first time I think I really got this, I was reading an article about some guy had posted online. I wish I still had this article. It was the biggest aha for me. He was talking about, he said, I'm sure you guys have read those articles from the gurus about how I made $25,000 in an hour and how I did all these things. You probably thought it was a big scam, right? I was like, yeah, who makes $25,000 in an hour? It was a scam. And he wrote back, it's actually not. Let me tell you how it works. He said these big gurus, they go out and they spend all this time and energy money, they build up a big, huge email list. Email list. Let's say they have an email list of 100,000 people. It says one day they wake up and they decide to promote a product, they send an email out to that product. And let's say they just get 1% of the people to buy that product. Let's say it's a $50 product. What's the math on that? 50K. They're like, okay, let's just say, let's say only .1% of people actually buy that. That's 5K. I was like, 5K? That's not much I'm making in three months right now. I'm sending out an email to my list. So I had this, my big epiphany, I'm like, this is awesome. I got to get me an email list. How am I going to do that? So I started researching an email list, email list, and I found this website. It's called spamfreemailaddresses.com. And they're selling these DVDs with 4.3 million people's email addresses. I'm like, dude, this is awesome. I get it. Load them up, send them out an email. If I get .001%, I'm rich. Game over, right? This is how my young naive mind is working. So I buy the DVD, spend $50 on this spam, I mean this mailing software to make the emails go out. I load it up, load up the 4.3 million email address. I write a little ad and I click send. This is back in the day as a dial-up mode. It's my dial-up mode. It's plugging the wall. And I tell my wife that she's supporting me while I'm going to school paying the bills. I said, honey, I was like, 4.3 million. I'm showing the math. I have my glasses on. 4.3 million dollars. I'm like, if we only get .0001% to buy this, we'll be millionaires in the morning. But I don't think that we're, let's be conservative. Let's say it's .0001. It's 100 grand. I do all the math. I'm like, worst case scenario, we make 10 grand by morning. So you can quit your job if you want. Because she's making like $1,000 a month at a time. She's like, okay, this is legal, right? I'm like, oh yeah, everyone's doing it. This is how these guys make their money. So load the whole thing up and go to bed. Tell her to quit her job in the morning. Emails are being sent out all night. I'm having daydreams of mansions and everything great that's going to happen to me, right? And wake up in the morning and she's like, I've got to use the phone. I'm like, you can't. We're becoming rich. Emails are going out. You can't just use the phone. She's like, I have to call this person. I'm like, because back then, do you guys remember when you had dial-up modem? You had to unplug your computer and plug back in your phone. So I get on the desk, I unplug the modem, I plug back in the phone and literally, I'm still on the desk. I plug it in and I hear the phone ring. I'm like, oh, that's weird. So I come back out and pick up the phone and this person is cursing me out on the other line. I'm like, what's going on? And my wife, she comes out waiting for the phone and she sees my face kind of drop and I'm like, I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. No, I didn't know. Oh really? Oh crap. Okay, I'm so sorry. And so she's freaking out. Like, what's happening? What's happening? And I hang up and I'm like, yeah, they just shut down our internet access and they're threatening to sue us. And she's like, what? What's going on? I'm like, I thought you said it was legal. I'm like, I swear it is. And anyway, so we go through this whole thing and my internet's completely shut down. She goes to work and I'm like, please, on the way out, please, please, please, please, don't quit. Give me a couple hours to cool this off and then you can, yeah. So I'm trying to see what happened but my internet's gone so I'm kind of screwed. I'm still going to school so I put my backpack on and start walking to class. I get to class, I'm listening to my teacher talk and I'm just bored out of my mind and all of a sudden I'm like, there's a computer lab next door. I gotta see what's happening. So I get off my, I sneak out. This is my, anyone still in college? Okay, you teach this to your kids. This is like the secret, right? So if you hate your teacher and you're bored, you just go like this and kind of start squirming a little bit and you get this concern that you can just walk in and they're like, oh yeah, and you walk out like you're gonna go to the bathroom and then you walk out in the computer lab. So I used to always do that. So I just did that, like, take out to the bathroom, walk out, go in the computer lab and check my emails and look at some stuff and I decided to log in my PayPal account. I was selling these things for PayPal. I logged in my PayPal account. I had to make like nine sales during the night and I was like, holy crap. It worked, kind of. I started thinking, I'm like, okay, I was rewarded for this. It worked. People were buying this thing so it works but I did it wrong. Like I was like, if I can figure out how to do this the legitimate way, that's not gonna be shut down. This could be the greatest thing in the world. And so that began my mission like how do I build a list? But you guys, the reality of this concept is true. Most of you guys, some of you guys have a list right now, some of you guys don't now, but if you're one of your main folks, one of your main KPIs, we talked about earlier today, your main things are focusing on the size of my list, how many people are I adding each day. If that's when your main core focuses, it'll keep growing and keep growing. At first you'll get 100 people and then 500 and then 1,000 and then 10,000 and then 20 and 30. But somewhere along the line you get the point where literally anytime you want to get paid, you just wake up, you write an email, you click send, you go back to bed and cash comes in. Who here has experienced that in this room? How does it feel? Today he did it. He felt, does it not feel like the greatest thing in the world? He felt like a rock star? It's the coolest thing in the world. And that's really the internet dream, right, is that. And so for us we've got to think about how do we make this happen without me doing the illegal thing and getting it shut down? Because I can teach you guys how to spam. If you want, we try it for a little while. It's not very much fun. But there's a legitimate way you can do it that's long term that'll feed you for the rest of your life. Literally almost every single time our company is collapsed, which has happened multiple times, the thing that saves every single time is our email list. We come back to it like, all right, send an email out and boom, it saves us every single time. It's the thing that, everything I have in my business, you can take everything away, that would be the one thing I would keep because I keep coming back to it and it pays for everything. And so that's kind of the key. The focus has to be, you guys, as we're doing all this traffic stuff. Again, just like this chart here, all the traffic I control, I'm sending it to a squeeze page. Okay? I'll talk more about squeeze pages tomorrow. And most of you probably know what that is. But if you don't know what it is, all this is a simple page where somebody gives me your email address, they click submit, and then they're taking to a page where they can buy something, right? So I put them through this filter first so that when people are coming through here, a percentage of people will join my list, now they're on my list, now I own that traffic. I can do whatever I want with them in the future. Okay? Traffic I don't control, I typically are sending them to my blog or something, but if you look at my blog, you notice the top one-third of my blog, all it is is like a glorified squeeze page. I've got a video right here and I asked them to opt in. Because I don't care if they type little snot, they'll see that way down here. I just want to get them on my email list. That's the only goal I have, right? So all the traffic I don't control, all my Facebook stuff, all these other things I'm doing, I push them, like, hey, go to dot com secrets dot com. I push them there because I don't control them. When they show up there, they get on my list, now I own them. Now I got them. Now I can sell my free book, I can get them in my value ladder, I can get them to come to events like this. And I guarantee you, all you guys somehow got into one of my funnels somewhere and that's how come you're here today right now. Okay? And so that's kind of what we're focusing on is all the traffic you control, you push through a squeeze page, traffic you don't control through a blog, the goal again is to get their email address and now you own that traffic, the traffic that you own. And now that's the goal, guys. That's the game of internet marketing.