Okay, welcome everybody to our Instant Traffic Systems webinar. This is one I've been very, very excited for for a long time. We've got over 650 people on the line and people keep dumping on, which is very, very exciting. So I appreciate you guys taking the time out of your busy nights tonight to be part of this. Like I said, this is a webinar I've been looking forward to doing for a long time, and I'm just excited to have this many people who are excited about it also. So we're going to be teaching a lot of stuff. I'm going to try to get done in between 60 and 90 minutes. So because I'm going to talk really, really fast, but we are recording this. If you happen to miss it, you know, if something I'm saying, we'll get the recording out to you afterwards as long as nothing messes up on the recording. And usually these record pretty well, but not often we get like, like I said, we're almost 700 people now on the lines, and the line is supposed to only stably hold about 500 they told us. So above 500, who knows what's going to happen, but we're about 665 so far and growing. So we appreciate again all the support for this call. And I hope you guys are going to benefit from it. I'm really excited for it, like I said. So I'm just going to jump right in here. It's 9pm Eastern time right now, 7 o'clock my time, and we've actually finished a workshop here in Boise. So I've been speaking for the last about six hours straight and I jumped on this now. So it's been a lot of fun, a little worn out, but I'm going to keep my energy high. Try to be really exciting and motivational for you guys. You can get a lot of really good, really solid ideas out of this. Okay. Again, it's called instant traffic systems. Okay. Now the first thing I want to talk about is why are you guys so excited? The first thing I want to talk about is why are you guys here on the webinar? Obviously there are a lot of reasons why everyone's here. Everyone's got their own reasons. And what I want to talk about is why are you here? What are the reasons? Now I kind of broken it down into a few reasons why most people show up on these webinars, our trainings, and those type of things. Okay. First things are try and learn how to make some money online. Okay. That's your goal. You're in the right spot. That's something I'm talking a lot about, how to make some money online. Okay. So that's the first thing. Next thing is we have a lot of people who are involved in some kind of network marketing program and they want to figure out how to get their own leads. Okay. A lot of people have a problem. They have to go out and buy leads for a dollar piece or two dollars a piece or more. And they want to learn how to generate their own leads. Okay. So we're going to be talking a lot about that, how to generate your own leads if you're in a network marketing program. Okay. Next thing is let's say you have an offline business. Okay. We're going to talk about how an offline business can bring their business online if they need to. Okay. So if you want to say, you know, I've got this business. I run a local pizza shop or a lawn mowing company or something. I want to figure out how to get more traffic and more leads and more people. I want to use the internet to do that. That's what we're going to be talking about, how an offline business can bring their business online to generate leads and drive traffic. Okay. Next thing is maybe you've got a product you want to sell. Okay. You have an idea. You've created something. You bought something. You have resell rights to something like that. You've got some kind of product. Now you've just got to figure out how in the world to sell it. Okay. So if that's one of the reasons why you're here, then again, this is the right thing. We're going to be teaching you how to sell any product online using these exact same systems I'm going to be talking about. Okay. And next thing is, hey, I don't really want to put up a website. I don't want to learn that kind of stuff. I don't want to drive some traffic as an affiliate and make a bunch of money. And that's also the perfect type of person for this call. It's someone who just wants to be an affiliate and just wants to make a whole bunch of money driving traffic. Okay. All right. Next thing is why am I here? Okay. That's a question a lot of people ask me is, hey, Russell, what's the reason why you are part of this? Why are you staying late and I doing these webinars and trainings? So I'm going to talk about that for a minute. Why am I actually here? Okay. The first reason is Idaho Reproductive Center. Okay. A lot of people when I say, Russell, were you born there? Why do you say that's why you're here? And the answer is no, I was not born there. I was actually born in Utah, moved up to Idaho a couple of years ago on a wrestling scholarship and that's why I'm in Idaho now. The Idaho Reproductive Center is a company. Now, this is a company who believed in their services. Okay. They believed in their services so hard that they were willing to aggressively market it. They were willing to put up ads and drive traffic and pay money to get their ads out there so people could see them. Okay. They aggressively marketed their service. And because they were willing to aggressively market their service, guess what happened? Okay. It changed my life forever. Okay. Anyone, hopefully those who know my story will probably know how it changed my life. The way it changed my life is it helped me to get twin boys. Here's a picture of my boys, the very first picture we ever had of them. Okay. Now, what's kind of fun, my wife and I, we weren't able to have kids for a long time and it was very frustrating and a hard thing as you can, I'm sure you can imagine. And at the time we kept going to doctors and you know, for about a year and a half, they kept saying, oh, we'll come back in six months, come back in three months and maybe you'll be pregnant by then. And we never were. And we were really, really frustrating. I kept saying, you know, all our friends were having kids, everyone we knew were getting pregnant and it was kind of a hard, frustrating thing for us. And at the time, that's when my wife started at for Idaho Reproductive Center and we decided to go there. We went through the treatment and two and a half months later we were pregnant with twin boys. And it changed my life forever. I'm forever indebted and grateful to Idaho Reproductive Center because they were willing to market their services and change my life. Okay. Very, very powerful. Now you can see, there's my kids right now. A couple months later, actually, when the boys were 18 months old, Ellie was born. So on the left-hand side here is Dallin. The right-hand side is Bowen. And then the middle one there is Ellie. She's my daughter. Okay. And those are the kids. And this is the kids when they're goofing off between pictures. There's Bowen making a funny face and Ellie there also. Okay. So today you are here for a reason. Okay. We've got over 700 and it looks like 15 people so far and more dumping on. The reason why you guys are here today is a couple reasons. First off, I believe in my service. I know that the things I teach, the things that we teach our students work very, very well. And I aggressively market it to you. I did emails. I've done a whole bunch of stuff to get you to show up on this call. Okay. So I was very aggressive in marketing it to you because I believe in my service. Okay. Now because of that, you are now learning the same systems, the same things I'm going to be talking about that I used to get you guys on these lines. Okay. Next thing is that you were learning this so you can aggressively market it at your services. Okay. So what I'm getting inside of you guys is it's worth a lot of money. Whether it be an idea or a product or service or something, they can change people's lives. And if you can't market it, if you can't get it out there, you're doing this service to everybody. So you are here today so that you can learn how to market, how to aggressively market your service as well. And then because of that, you're going to be able to change your customers' lives and in return that's going to change your life. Okay. And that's kind of the process and how it works. You know, with my company, the more that I'm able to market, the more people's lives I've changed, the better it makes my life as well. And it's kind of a really cool process there. Okay. So that's why you guys are here today. Now for those who don't know who I am yet, this may be the first time meeting me, this is a little about me. First off, I'm a wrestler. This is a picture of me wrestling. I wrestled at the Boise State University. And this picture of me wrestling there. Second off, I am a husband. This is a picture of my beautiful wife, Collette. And third off, I'm a father. Again, I introduced my kids already. There's Dallin on top of me, Bowen's in between us and my wife's holding our daughter, Ellie, there. And last thing, I'm a marketer. Okay. Here's a picture of me collecting my junk mail. I'm kind of a nerd, but I used to go out and collect junk mail. This is a picture of me the day I went to college. I actually, I used to go down and I'd order small business opportunity magazine and I would call all the phone numbers and all the ads and say, hey, put me on your mailing list. Please sell my name to as many other people as you can. And people started mailing me junk mail all the time. And I used to collect this. I just loved it. And my goal is always when I made my millions, I was going to wallpaper my house or my office in junk mail. Unfortunately, before I went to college the first year, my wife or my mom at the time made me throw away all my junk mail. All right. We're getting a little bit of static online. I apologize for that. Somehow some people got the wrong phone number. Some people are on the same line as I am. So those who are online, appreciate it if everyone can be quiet and make sure there's no talking so that we don't get too much disturbance in the video here so everyone can pay attention. We're up to about 740 people and climbing fast. So again, we got a ton of people here. I appreciate you guys being on this line. All right. Next thing, Rich Dad Poor Dad. I want to tell you guys a story. This is a story about my wife. This is the day after we got married. And we had a whole bunch of credit card debt. I know a lot of you guys probably felt that paid. This is a picture of my wife. We decided to cut up all of our credit cards one day and we're going to use credit anymore to buy things. So we cut up our credit cards and we're starting over from scratch and working a pain off our bills. Like I said, this is right after we first got married. And so about this time, my dad bought me a book for Christmas. This is a book. It's called Rich Dad Poor Dad. The rich teach their kids about money to the poor in the middle class. Don't. So I read that book and I remember, I actually didn't start reading it until just one night I was sitting there in bed and I started reading it. And my wife fell asleep next to me and about five or six hours later I was done with it. I was sitting there just so excited by the stuff I learned about. Excuse me. So I'm sitting there and I basically asked my, or I sat there, I was waiting. Also my wife woke up in the morning, looks over and she stopped me just standing there or sitting there in bed wide awake. She's like, what's going on? I said, honey, we're buying a duplex. She's like, we don't have any money for a duplex. I don't know how you expect to buy a duplex. I said, look, I don't know, but there was a concept in this book. And I said, this is very important to me. And she said, and I said that what the concept was, was basically that somebody had, or that Robert Kisaki here said that there's a difference in the mentality and the thinking between, between someone who's rich and someone who's poor. And he said, someone who's poor, their mentality is, hey, I can't afford that. It's someone who's rich, their mentality is, how can I afford that? It's a very little tiny difference, but how, I can't afford that to how can I afford that? I said, well, honey, I don't know how in the world we're going to afford that, but we're going to figure out a way to do it. So we went out and did a bunch of searching. We ended up finding a duplex. This is a picture of our first duplex we bought. This duplex started out as a, as a home where my wife and I lived on the right-hand side there. We used to live on the upstairs on the left-hand side of the door that goes down to the basement. So first we lived there. We had renters below there. And then eventually I had to turn the basement into my office and anyway, ended up selling the house again right before the market crashed. And we kind of looked out there, but that was the first thing we bought. Okay. With a first like real investment I'd ever made it and trying to make some money with something that was real estate. Now the next big thing that came out, this is probably about, man, it's been about five or six years now. There was a course that came out. A course by, by Mark Joyder and it was his farewell package. He was about to retire and he was selling this course. It was all these DVDs, like 20, 24, 20 CDs of all of his, everything he'd done to his market career at this point. He was selling these things and basically say, Hey, I'm selling my entire business and if you want a copy of it, here it is. And so I, and it had all his systems, everything he'd done and just, I got excited, but it was a thousand dollars and I did not have money to do that. But I did the same kind of thing before I said, you know, it's not, I can't afford that. How can I afford that? So when we started raking leaves with my buddies, we raised a bunch of money, ended up earning up money to be able to buy this course. I sent him for it. I got the course back and it was really a defining point in my life and especially in my business because I was finding this is one of the big turning points where I went from trying to learn the stuff to actually making some money with it, was investing in this course. So I bought the course. I said, I went through it and learned mark to it, the system, the things he was doing to build his business and just took those systems, basically replicated and duplicated and turned it, you know, took all his hours and years of trial and error and just kind of copied it so that I had something I could then take and basically market with that. Okay. So that's the, the kind of story there. All right. Now, all of us online here, we're all entrepreneurs. Now, all of us entrepreneurs, we have gifts. You guys are heroes fans. That's one of my favorite shows right now. And heroes was kind of interesting is everybody that it's on that show, they all have some kind of gift, whether it be, you know, I can fly, I can, I can heal really fast. I can read your mind, things like that. Everyone's got this gift, right? And this kind of interesting is people find these gifts out and start learning how to use them and how to benefit the world with them. And some people use them for evil and some people use them for good things. Now, as entrepreneurs, we each have a gift, okay, similar to that of like a hero's thing where we have this gift and there's some certain things that we're in charge of with this gift. So I want to talk about that for a minute. The first thing that we're in charge of is we're in charge of creating value in the world. If it was not for the entrepreneurs in the world like us, there would not be people creating products, creating services, creating all these things that are building value in the world. Okay, the entrepreneurs are the ones that are in charge of building and creating value in the world. The second thing the entrepreneurs are in charge of are creating jobs and opportunities. Okay, if it was not for us as entrepreneurs, there would be no jobs, there would be no opportunities. Okay, so it's very, very important, very powerful. I mean, you look at the economy right now, I know a lot of people want to call it from the US, some of you guys aren't. In the US, I know that the economy right now, we're really struggling with things. Okay, and so the more jobs we can create, the better it is. And so as an entrepreneur, we're the ones creating the jobs. If it wasn't for us creating jobs, the whole economy would come in and crash down. So we're providing value, we're creating jobs, and we're building businesses. Okay, another very important role of an entrepreneur. Okay, the next thing is that we're in charge of stimulating the economy. Okay, the economy, a lot of people say, hey, everybody needs to help stimulate the economy and do things like that, but the ones that really have that major role are the entrepreneurs. Okay, and there's two ways that entrepreneurs can stimulate the economy. Number one is that we are responsible for making as much money as possible. Okay, making money as an entrepreneur is very powerful because it creates jobs. Okay, if you were not there trying to make money and build a business, there cannot be jobs created. Okay, so that's the first role. And then the second role of an entrepreneur which is really, really cool also is we have responsibilities to spend as much money as possible. Okay, now a lot of people say, well, that doesn't make sense to us, I don't want to spend money. You know, it's bad to spend money, it's bad to buy stuff like that. And I can see your point, but the key with it, if entrepreneurs are not making a bunch of money and they're not spending a lot of money, there's no way in the world for entrepreneurs or for the economy to grow. Okay, think about this. Let's say you go out and you buy, in fact, I'm going to buy some of my next picture. No, it's not, okay. Like, for example, we just purchased a new house, 11,000 square foot house. If you look at our house, it's a beautiful home, but think about how many jobs were created by me purchasing that house. Okay, there were people who were in charge of the framework, people in charge of the tile work, people in charge of the, you know, the lawn, the thousands and thousands of jobs were created by us purchasing that house. Okay, so as an entrepreneur, if you have money, it's important for you to spend it because that's what stimulates the economy, it's creating jobs, it's making the world better. And so it's, you know, a lot of people think, hey, making money and spending money is bad, but it's not. It's something that's keeping the economy afloat. So all of us have a responsibility to be willing to spend as much money as possible. So that's a gift I'm giving all the entrepreneurs that, and you can tell your spouse this or tell whoever in your family that makes money for wanting nice cars and stuff. You have a responsibility to the economy and to the world to be able to spend money. Okay, so that's a gift I'm giving everybody there. All right, the next thing I want to talk about is the anatomy of a successful information marketing business. Okay, and we're talking about four different business models here, but the first one is the network, excuse me, information marketing business. Now there's a couple pieces. Piece number one is you have to have a product. Okay, this picture here in this product is one of my products I made a long time ago called How to Make a Potato Gun. So I'm up here in Idaho for those who don't know. And one thing we do for fun is we make potato guns. So I made a whole information product about how to make potato guns. And I wish I had more time to talk about it right now, but unfortunately I don't. But that's the first step of a successful information product business is the product. The second step is very simple, is a website to sell the product. A lot of people say, you know, I have a product, but no one's buying it. You use this because your website's not structured to sell the product. So you have to have a website to sell the product. And then the third piece of the puzzle is traffic. Okay. Now, what's funny is that people try to over complicate this whole business. It really is that simple. You have a product, you have a website that sells the product, and you drive traffic to it. That's as simple as this whole internet marketing business is. Okay, if you try to over complicate it beyond that, like most people do, it's just too much. That's all it is. All it boils down to is that. That's how simple it is. Okay, now it's kind of, I have a funny story that kind of goes along with that. About a year and a half ago, I had a good idea. I was hiring some employees and I said, I'm tired of paying all my employees some money. I wonder if I could put out an internship and get some to come work for me for free. And so it's kind of a joke at first, almost. I send out an email and I said, hey, I'm looking for someone who wants to come work for me for free. And I said, this is the criteria. You have to fly yourself out here to pay your own room and board. You have to work for free for a month and you're not able to get any side projects at the time. And anyone wants to apply, give me a call. Okay. And it's kind of like I said, almost as a bet. But what happened is I started getting all these phone calls from people. I had one guy who was just relentless, he kept begging me and bugging me and bugging me and begging me to be part of this. And I finally called him back and we talked. And his name is Justin Brooke for those new. And he said, yeah, I'm going to come out. So he came out and for a month he worked for me for free, paid his own way out, did everything. And he did a great job. He helped our company a lot. I think we helped him a lot also. And at the end of it, you know, last day I said, hey, I'm going to take you to my house. I want to have you over at my house for dinner with my wife and I. And so we drove over to my house with us. And on the way over, he was kind of talking. And he said something that I thought was going to be very, very profound. He said, you know, Russell, after this whole month looking at everything you've done, I realized something very, very weird, very, very kind of important. I said, what's that? He said, I realize that you're really not that smart. I heard that. I was like, what are you talking about? He said, well, let me kind of back up. He said, you're really not that smart. You have created a very simple step-by-step system and all you do is you do it over and over and over again. And I really took that as a compliment when I looked at that way and I said, you know what? That's the thing is most people try to overcomplicate this thing. There's so much involved. But when you boil down, there's three things. Product, website, and traffic. If you boil down to that, that's all you need to do is do it over and over and over again. Okay? And again, it may seem too simple, but that's the whole business in a box. Okay? When I realize that, boom, it's easy to make money online. Okay? Okay, next thing. Oh, at the end of it, we get a cash check. Okay? Next thing, anatomy of a successful network marketing business. Okay? So it's the next thing people say, well, I don't want to sell information products. I want to, I'm in a network marketing company and I need to build my down line. Okay? That's fine. Let me walk you through the process for that. You create an information product. Number two, you set up a website to sell that information product. Number three, you drive traffic to that site. Does it look familiar? Okay. I hope so. Now, what's interesting, a lot of people try to drive traffic to the network marketing company's website. Okay? Now, one thing that's strange about network marketing is 99.999% network marketing companies don't know how to market. Okay? The websites are horrible. So if you drive traffic to a website, you can drive traffic all day long and you're not going to make a penny. Okay? So what we do that changes us around, and I'm very successful in quite a few network marketing companies. We create an information product teaching something. Okay? We put up a website and then we drive traffic to that. And someone will buy, you know, we drive to the website, they read about it, they buy the information product. And information product talks about the subject, but then it is a tool also to close the cell into the network marketing company. Okay? So we use the information product to teach them about, you know, the benefits of the product, that kind of stuff. And then a lot of times if we're doing phone sales, we'll call out almost people who bought the information product and sell them into the opportunity. Because this person, you know, it's funny because network marketing, they always teach you to go find your warm market, talk to your friends and family and that kind of stuff. And you don't want to do that, okay? Your friends and family don't want to hear from you. I promise you that. But someone who just bought an information product about a subject that your network marketing company either solves or promise, solves, whatever like that, that is a perfect person who wants you to call them. That is your warm market. Someone who's paid you money to learn more information about what your company can solve. Okay? So that's the anatomy of network marketing business. Again, it's exactly the same as an internet marketing business. Okay? Next thing, anatomy of a successful physical products business. Okay? Let's say CF supplements. Okay? So, he has a friend site. He has like 30 or 40 different supplements he's created. Okay? And guess what? His model is exactly the same. He's got a product, sets the website, sell the product, drives traffic, caches the checks. Very, very simple. So, any kind of physical product, you're doing jewelry, you're doing seashells, you're doing supplements, it doesn't matter. The system is exactly the same. All you need is product, website, traffic. Okay? And I have one more business model here to show. Anatomy of a successful offline business. This is one of my friend's businesses. He runs a local long-money company. Here's a picture. This isn't actually him only long, but that's his service. He's selling a service. And a lot of people would say, why, I run a long, I have a long-money company, or I have a pizza place, or I have whatever, I can't make any money online. The reality is, and he does this all day long, is you can do the exact same system. What he did is set up a little website here. If you notice the website says free long-money. So, they fill out this form here, and he mows the lawn for free. After he mows the lawn for free, then he signs them up for a contract. And then after he's got the site set up, he drives traffic to it, and does the exact same thing. Okay? So, the model is exactly the same. You need a product or service, a website to sell, and traffic to push people to it. Okay? Very simple. Hopefully, I kind of oversimplified it, but that's really as simple as it is for any business. You have to structure that way, and it'll be very, very simple. Okay? All right. The next thing I want to talk about, what are the constants? In all four of those business models, what are the constants? The constants are, you need a product or service, you need a website with a goal to generate leads, and you need traffic. Multiple streams of traffic. Okay? All right. Now, what I want to talk about right now is a book that I read a couple of years ago. Now, for those, hopefully a lot of you guys, we're up to almost 800 people now on the line. It's awesome. Hopefully, you guys have felt like me. I mean, hopefully you haven't, but when I was getting started, this is what I felt like. I was learning about website development, and then graphic design, and how to write a sales letter, and how to drive traffic, and how to create a product. I was learning like 30,000 different things, and I was trying to do all of them at once. Okay? And I was do making some money. I was having a little bit of success, but I was getting so overwhelmed and so frustrated, so just like, what in the world am I supposed to do here? Okay? And about this time, it was summertime. My wife and I were going on vacation, and on the way out of town, we drove by Barnes & Noble, and picked up a book. Okay? And the book, I thought it was an internet marketing book. It's called the E-Meth, and I said, oh, E-Meth. That's going to be about internet marketing. So I bought the book, go down to Lake Powell, get out of the house, go out in the middle of the lake, open the book, and I start reading it. Pretty quick, I find it has nothing to do with internet marketing. I'm completely bummed out. I'm like, great. I don't really know if I want to read this book, but it was the only book I had, so I kept reading it. And this is actually the author, Michael Gerber here. Michael Gerber. And so I read the book, and about the first chapter of the book, he started talking about entrepreneurs. He said, what happens is entrepreneurs start building this business, and they're juggling this. And this eventually, they're juggling like 1,000 things, and they feel like if they stop for a second, all the balls are going to drop. And the whole thing is going to collapse. I thought, oh my gosh, that is me exactly. And he went through and started saying, how do you make a business that's not like that, that doesn't really need you, that you can pull yourself out of? He said, what you do is you create little systems. And he talked about McDonald's. He said, look, McDonald's is a hamburger stand. They make hamburgers just like every other hamburger stand out there. So what's the difference between McDonald's and every other hamburger stand out there? Why are they dominating the whole world? And so the reason why is that they have systemized their business perfectly, where you can hire any person off the street. They don't have to speak English. They don't have to have, they could be without legs and arms and still use the system. Pull out a bun, throw in some mail, throw on a patty, close it, and boom. And they created these systems. And these systems are what, I mean, people are willing to pay a million dollars for McDonald's franchise because these systems work so, so well. So he talked about it. He said, look at your business. Look at all the things you're juggling, all the balls you have up in the air. And you want to pick one or two or three of them and systemize them. Systemize one at a time. As soon as you make a system out of it, then you can hire somebody and have them run that system. Then you create another system, plug somebody in that system and have them run that system. And eventually you create systems for all the things you're juggling, and you replace yourself out of that with either an employee or someone else, and then boom, all of a sudden you're free. You can step away and you're not going to start dropping all these balls. When I heard that, I was just like, oh my gosh, this is amazing. And I started creating systems for all the stuff I was doing, and then I started hiring people to run these systems for me. And it was life changing. So the eMeth is a great, great book you guys should be reading. Next thing we'll talk about is the role of an entrepreneur. A lot of us think the role of the entrepreneur is to do everything. We should be designing websites, writing copy, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. That is not the role of an entrepreneur. There are three roles of the entrepreneur. Role number one is that an entrepreneur is in charge of getting specialized knowledge. That's why you guys are on this call. That's why you invest in information products. That's why you go to seminars and workshops. Because you are in charge of getting the specialized knowledge that you need to run the business to create the systems. Number two is you're in charge of creating the system. Notice I didn't say to run the system, to work the system, it's to create a system. So I get specialized knowledge, I create a system, and then the entrepreneur is in charge of taking action. I'm the one that pushes it and it makes it happen and it makes it move forward. So an example of this, let's say I buy a product about, and it can be anything about, well actually I think my next slide is an example. Let me see. Here's my library. This is my library at my office. We moved to our new office and I said I want someone to build bookshelves to go clear the ceiling. I want to wrap an entire room in bookshelves. That's what we did. You can see the picture of me here. And I took all the products I bought. I'm probably the most avid buyer out there. I buy every single person's product that comes out because I want to learn to get the specialized knowledge and create a system about it. It's like I'm talking about now. I buy the product, create a system, and give it to somebody else to kind of run into manage. So this is my library of all my different products. I'm going to show you, actually before I show you an example of a system, I want to show you a story because this is something kind of funny. Every time I show some of this picture or something similar, they're like, well you didn't buy all that kind of stuff because you got a bunch of friends who just give you the product for free. And that is not true. I buy almost every single of these products with my own money and there's a reason why. I could probably call some of these guys up and say, hey, I'm your buddy. He's sending me a copy for free, but that's not the way that I work. And this is the reason why. When I wrestled the year at Brigham Young University, my wrestling coach's name was Mark Schultz. And here's a picture of him. Mark was an Olympic champion and Mark is a tough, tough, scary man. Let me kind of give a little background on him. He started wrestling when he was a junior in high school. Won the state tournament the next year in California, which is probably the toughest state in the entire country. And within seven years, he won an Olympic gold medal. And what's so powerful about that is I think he runs records for the shortest period of time with some athlete starting the sport and winning an Olympic medal. Very, very powerful guy. So I'm wrestling at BYU, my very first day, and he's my coach. And that night, I'm in my dorm room, just kind of getting used to college life and stuff. And also there's knock on my door. Mark answers the door. I'm like, hey, coach, show us what's going on. I've got something for you. I'm like, oh, great. So I got this movie here. This is a bunch of clips about 20 minutes of me wrestling. I said, well, thanks. I appreciate it. I said, go get your wallet. I said, what? He said, go get your wallet. And I'm like, well, and I didn't really question. I'm going to show you why I didn't question. This is Mark about a year before I met him in Ultimate Fighting Championship. He's beating up about a six foot six guy here, just beating the tar out of him. So this is Mark Schultz. He just told me to give me his wallet. Okay. Now I didn't really have the guts to tell him no. He walked her, you know, cheapedly away, grabbed my wallet, brought her back and said, here you go. He opened it up and he pulled out every dollar in my wallet, shoved his pocket and handed back an empty wallet. And I was like, coach, what are you doing? And he said, Russell, I'm teaching you important lessons. He said, if I was to give you this video tape, he's like, you would put it on yourself and you'd never watch it. He's like, now you've invested in this thing. You've paid money for it. And I had. I had to pay every penny I had in my wallet. So now you've invested in this. Excuse me. Now you've invested in this. Now it's going to mean something to you. And now you're actually going to take action on it. You walked away and shut the door. And I sat there thinking, I just spent my last $12 on this DVD, or this movie. It wasn't even a DVD back then. Put it in the thing. I started watching it in my room and I watched it over and over and over again. And we learned to be benefited because we had an investment. So that's why I had to actually go and I personally invested in all these courses because I want to make sure I have a financial investment in it so I'm actually going to take action and do something with it. So that's kind of why. Now let me show you an example of some systems. This is a real estate system. This is completely out of the scope of this seminar, but I want to just mention to show you how powerful this is. So the real estate system, speaking of seminar, I met this lady named Krissa Cowley. And she had a wonderful presentation. At the end of it I said, that is something cool. She was talking about how to buy properties online, never see the house, buy them, rehab, and put renters in it without ever seeing the house. And how much money she was making with it. And I'm like, man, that's a good idea. So I bought her a course, took it home, and then I got home and I said, you know, I don't really have time to even go through this course. So right then I got my little brother and I said, hey, Sean, I'm going to hire you to learn the system. I gave him the course, he went through and read the whole thing, went through everything, got really excited. So, okay, Sean, now what you need to do is go and systemize this, okay? Krissa system has like 10 different levels, or 10 different steps. I said, make a little system for each step that you can potentially just give away to, you know, hire somebody in India or Romania to run that step. And then we're going to systemize this whole thing. So we made these little systems and systemized it, okay? This is the beginning of the summer. I'm going to show you the results of these little systems, okay? System number one, because these systems, boom, we bought our first house right here in St. Louis for $25,000. Okay, I've never seen this house. We rehabbed it for about $10,000 and pulled out another $20,000 or $30,000 in equity, and now there's a rentor in there paying me $800, $900 a month to live there, okay? House number two, we paid $65,000 for it, rehabbed it, pulled out another $20,000 or $30,000, and now there's a rentor in there, okay? So house number three, $57,000, and that same thing. And we've got four houses this summer so far, and we're attracting about 10 houses this year. Every single one of them we pull money out of, and every single one we put someone in, okay? Again, I've never seen any of these houses. I've never read Chris's product. I've never seen anything of that, but the systems were created, and boom, now it's working, okay? My brother could plug anyone in there. He could hire anyone to get off the street and say, this is your system. Go do this, and boom, we could be buying houses with this system, okay? See how powerful that is? Here's an example, a picture of Sean and I with our first rehab check from the real estate systems, okay? But isn't that powerful? I didn't learn this thing. I bought the system. I got the specialized knowledge. We created systems. Now we're running this thing and making money with it. In real estate, I don't know anything about real estate, okay? If I ever claimed to know anything about real estate, you guys should all make fun of me because they don't, okay? But we're making money in real estate. It's very exciting, okay? But the key here is the system. That's what I want to talk about. Okay, I want to jump back to the internet marketing business, okay? We've got this whole model here. This is the model. Now, everything on here, what do you think is the most valuable and also the most systemizable part of this whole model? Okay? First off, I want to tell you it's not the product, okay? Praying products is easy. You can even have a product. You get someone else's product, you become an affiliate. Getting a product is not the most valuable or the most systemizable. Number two, you might think is the website. That's not true. I think people make millions of dollars out of a website. So website is not most important. What's most important and the most systemizable is the traffic. Okay, what I mean by that is traffic is something that you need. It's the most valuable and you can systemize it. So you can create little systems that drive the traffic for you, okay? And of everything in this whole business, everything else takes, you know, for the most part takes somebody to know something, you know, for a product you're something that's going to teach about something, for website need and sales and stuff like that. For traffic, it's all systemizable. Okay, I don't have to be really, really smart to drive traffic. I just have to follow a very systematic, you know, step-by-step system. Okay? So that's what we're going to talk about. The rest of this webinar is going to be focusing on traffic systems, okay? And like I said, we are at 796. We're almost over 800 people on the line. So this is awesome. I appreciate you guys all getting on here. Thank you again. This has been a fun webinar for me so far already, okay? All right. Creating the systems. Okay, this is how I kind of learned about how to create these systems. What happened initially was, is I had a friend who was using a software product. I said, hey, can you teach him how to use his products? He said, yeah, hold on. And he clicked a couple things, clicked send, and he said, check your email box. It opened up and there were five videos, little five-minute videos he made that showed exactly how to use the system. And I said, do you just make those for me? He said, no, I made these a long time ago when I first learned software. Now my staff uses software for me. I just give these videos and they use the software. And I said, oh my gosh, that's brilliant. So I watched those little five-minute videos, learned how to use the software, and have been able to use it ever since. But when it happened, I said, wow, that is powerful. These little videos taught me exactly how to do it. He didn't have to spend a second with me. He could just give it to me. Okay? So there's a software program that we used to make our systems called GING. Okay? It's a gingproject.com. It's free. Here's the software, little picture of the screenshot. You go to gingproject.com, download for free. And what it does is let you record little five-minute video clips of your screen, your website, whatever you're doing. Okay? And so, again, we make little short five-minute video clips. Now, in these video clips, what's very important when you're creating systems is your goal is not to teach. Okay? A lot of people try to create systems and they can't keep them under five minutes because they're trying to teach a bunch of stuff. Okay? The reason why you do this is this. You don't want to do any of that kind of stuff in your system videos. All you're doing is staying. Step one, do this. Step two, do this. Step three, do this. It's very, very important because you do not, again, you do not want to be creating these things that are like, they're not educational for your employees and your team. It's just this is why you do not why you do it. Okay? And you do that because you want to make it so simple that anybody off the street can plug in and do it. You don't want them to be able to know anything. You want to be able to hire a monkey off the street if you need it. Bring them in. Give them the video system and they can just do it. Step one is this. Step two is this. Step three is this. Give it systemizing it. That is the key. That is the big secret. They're going to drive the traffic for you. Okay? So, again, little, little short things. All right. Now, I'll tell you how powerful this is. A couple of weeks ago, the guy who was running my SEO in my company walked in and said, hey, Russell, unfortunately I decided I don't want to really work here anymore. I've got some other things, opportunities I want to follow and that kind of stuff. And I was like, all right, that's fine. I don't really mind. At first I was really nervous. I said, wait a minute. He's created systems for everything he's done. Every time he was studying course, we hadn't created a little system. He had all these little systems. So, what's powerful is that most companies, if they were to lose one of their core traffic people and also the guy just quit, the whole company would collapse. You lose, like I said, in our company, there are five core traffic systems. If you lost one fifth of all your traffic, somebody leaving, that could damage your company or kill it. But we were able, because we created these little systems, we were able to take a new person, plug them right into these systems and didn't miss a beat. Okay? The person didn't have to have very many skills or anything. They went in there, watched the videos of this guy he created when he was working for us, all the system videos, started applying and boom, instantly we had that system still going, still moving forward without any effort from our part. Okay? I don't have to go teach someone SEO. I just plug someone else into it. They watch the videos, the system videos, already created and boom, this guy's now an SEO expert. We can start driving traffic to our sites. Okay? Now, in your traffic portfolio that you're going to be building here, there's going to be a couple important things. Okay? First thing is you need to be focusing on getting specialized traffic knowledge. As the entrepreneur, that's the most important skill you can get is traffic knowledge. How to drive traffic back to your sites. Second is you create your traffic systems. Now, I store all my traffic system on a little USB drive like this and I have a combo lock on it. The reason why I combo lock is I don't want everyone breaking into this thing. If I get stolen, I don't want people getting into it. So, I have a nice little combo lock here that stores all my traffic systems. That way, when I hire someone else, I can go over, give them this thing, they can download the traffic systems and boom, they've got all the systems. They can start working on them really, really quick. The next thing is there are 19 core traffic systems that we have in our company. Okay? So, I have a first-side time tonight to go over 19 of them, but it will probably take about five or six weeks to teach all 19 core traffic systems. So, I'm going to focus on the four of the really, really powerful ones, the most easy to systemize and outsource ones and everything. So, this is a four traffic system I'm going to focus on during the remainder of this call. Okay? It looks like we are way over 100 people now, 112 people. So, it's awesome. They keep, I appreciate all you guys being on here. It keeps growing and growing. This is awesome. Okay. So, we're focusing on four traffic systems today. Okay, first traffic system, this is a fun one. It's called the Oprah traffic method. Okay? The Oprah traffic method. Now, for me to learn the system, I had to buy a whole bunch of products and services. Okay? I bought all these products. Like I said, you see my library, I bought a ton of products and services. Okay? You know, what's number of $500, some are $12,000, some are $6,000. We've got a whole bunch of other price points, but I went through and bought all these different courses so I could learn the things that were involved to create the Oprah traffic system. Okay? Now, to just show you kind of a breakdown, I had to go through over 74 DVDs we had to go through in our company. Over 27 CDs we had to go through 14 webinars, over 2700 pages of documents and invest in over $19,000, $495 just to learn the Oprah traffic method. Now, what's interesting is most of you guys who've ever bought a big, you know, expensive product, you probably get it, you know, you go through like 2,000 pages and you find one good gem, right? So, we did that. We went through 74 DVDs, all this stuff, 2700 pages and found we were able to break down this whole entire method into just five simple steps. Okay? So, I did all this work for you guys. You're welcome. We did $19,000 and all the headaches to learn this and they're breaking down into five simple systems steps to make the Oprah traffic method work. Okay? So, number one, actually, I'm going to show you an example of how the Oprah traffic method works. So, before the Oprah traffic method, if you type in this keyword by one way back links, nothing showed up. After we applied it, four hours later after we applied this method, boom, we had two links on page one of Google. Okay? Only four hours later. Eight hours later, boom, we had one, two, three, four, five links in Google on page one with an eight hours of this post. Okay? So, what's powerful about this is this is something, you know, this kind of traffic isn't something that's usually long term. It's not something you're going to drive traffic, you know, for months and months and months. But what this type of traffic system is for is for fast, fast traffic. Okay? Well, you need traffic like, let's say, for example, that's what we call the Oprah traffic method. So, Oprah is going to mention something on TV today, right? So, we find out what product she's going to mention. Okay? And the cool thing about Oprah is the fact she lists all her show titles like a week or, excuse me, months and months and months in advance. So, you know that, you know, next Wednesday she's going to be talking about this. And if you can somehow tie your product back into whatever she was talking about, then you can just, you can apply this method. And when people watch the Oprah show and they go to Google and start typing to learn more about it, boom, your product can be on page one of Google just in dominating, just getting so much traffic from Oprah mentioning it. Okay? There have been companies that she's mentioned her product on her show and they go out of business because they get so much traffic and so many cells that can't handle it. Okay? So, you find out ahead of time, Oprah is going to be mentioning this book and then you say, okay, I'm going to apply this method. We get the whole first page in Google, we own all the links and then people watch the show, next, you know, find it later on in Google searching and boom, that can be my site, starting to get tons and tons and tons of traffic. Okay? So, you find out what kind of products are going to be mentioned. On Oprah, you can do the same thing with the Today Show with CNN. This is a big one. I mean, all you guys see is product launches happening all the time, right? Somebody launches a big product and their product is, you know, let's say their product is traffic secrets, right? So, you know that everyone is going to be searching for traffic secrets in about a week from now because the product is launching, you can go apply this method and boom, it's our owning search engine for keywords like traffic secrets, whatever the thing might be. That's why we call it the over traffic method. You find out what it is and boom, you apply this method within literally hours, sometimes within a couple of days because you're owning the first page of Google, sometimes the first and second page. It happens very, very fast. So, anywhere you find a keyword that's going to be mentioned somewhere ahead of time, boom, you apply this stuff and it works. Now, one thing, we had a student, why do you guys know Andrea? She has a signingforbaby.com and when her product was almost finished at that time, there was a girl who was on a Today Show and she got on there and said, hey, she was like one or two years old and she was speaking perfectly. She was reading books at a very, very young age and they said, how in the world do you do this? She said, well, we taught our daughter baby sign language. That's how she learned how to talk and read so early. Okay, and it killed me because this was right in the middle of us finishing her product. Had I known, you know, a day or two advance that that was going to be showing on TV, we could apply the over traffic method and we could have got thousands and thousands and thousands of visitors to her site for people searching for how to do baby sign language. In fact, we talked to the affiliate manager of a company called Signing Time and they said, when that show hit the Today Show and Oprah and some of these shows, they were the ones who were already listed high for those keywords and their company just exploded because they got so much traffic from all these people going to Google and searching the keywords. So it's very, very powerful. All right, let's talk about the system. Step number one, you'd write 300 to a 500 word article based on whatever the keyword is, based on whatever it's going to be. So let's say she's going to be mentioning a book like the 4-Hour Workweek. So you say, okay, she's talking about 4-Hour Workweek, I'm writing an article about the 4-Hour Workweek, 300 to 500 words. And the key to this is the article does not have to be good. In fact, it's usually better if it's bad. Okay? Because your goal on this is not to get somebody to read your article. Your goal is to see the article and then to click and to leave and go to your website. Okay? So a bad 300 to 500 word article. If you have trouble writing articles, here's the system. Right? The first part of the article is you need to write is what is it? How did you learn about it? How will it make their lives better? Okay? So whatever the keyword is, write a really quick short article about that. What is it? How did you learn about it? How will it make your life better? Okay? All right. And then where can they get it? Where can they get it should be your site. Okay? And I feel it linked to your, to a product you recommend or link back to your site. So what is it? How did you learn about it? How will it make their lives better and where can they get it? Okay, next thing is the keywords. The keywords you're going to be focusing on for these things, they must be in the title of the article. It must be two to three times per 100 words. And it must be the very last word in the article also. Okay? So we've tested this like crazy and this is what works the best, I promise you. Okay? So keywords must be in the title two to three times per 100 words and it must be the very last word of the article. And then that's the second step. Now the third step here is you understand how Web 2.0 sites work. Okay? There's a bunch of Web 2.0 sites. Some of our favorites, squadoo.com, hubpages.com, YouTube and Weebly. Now for whatever reason, Google loves these kind of sites. Okay? And so what's hard is you can't throw up a new website and hope that within, you know, four to eight hours it's going to be listed in the number one page in Google. What you can do is sites like this that Google already knows and loves and trusts like squadoo, hubpages, YouTube, Weebly. These sites, like I said, Google loves them. So you can, and the nice thing about these sites is they will actually let you post your article and create a page on their site and Google, because they love it, gives these pages a lot of credit. So I can say, okay, Oprah's going to mention the four hour work week. I go to squadoo, I create a page on their site, throw up this article and really, really quick lifetimes that I said within four to five hours of applying this method, boom, your product can be up there. Okay? So you have two point all sites that already have this love relationship with Google. Instead of you building your own site, you go to their site and you create a page on them. Okay? So here it is. You put this article created on the web 2.0 sites. The main ones, squadoo, hubpages, Weebly, and there are a lot more. But those are the main ones you want to throw them up on. Okay? And again, you have the keywords and the page titles, the title packs and that kind of stuff. And I wish I had more time to go over that, but unfortunately I don't. Okay, next thing is you want to go to the content sharing sites. Okay? Some of the main ones like this are dig, mix, shout wire, and propeller. Okay? These are content sharing sites. Okay? So what we want to do now is you want to take these articles and you want to post them to these content sharing sites. You want to tell the entire world. So you go to dig.com, mix.com, shout wire, propeller, and you submit these articles that you have on these other pages back to here. So what happens here now is a lot of really good things happen. I wish I could kind of go into all the details, but you're getting links from these sites which are highly trafficked, which is going to get your page spied or get it listed really high. It's going to do a bunch of other stuff. Again, I don't have time to go over, but just trust me, it works really, really well. So you go to these sites and you announce that your article that you submitted on these other pages announced that it's there, that it's alive. Okay? You submit your story. Next step here is you got to get the RSS feed. Okay? Each of these sites, the Web 2.0 sites are going to give you an RSS feed. Okay? And the RSS feed, you want to take them, you want to submit the RSS feeds. There's tools like RSS submit that you can use where you can manually submit these RSS feeds to directories. Okay? And again, that's going to get spiders coming back to your site and do a whole bunch of other really, really powerful stuff. Okay? Again, after eight hours, you can get this kind of ranking four or five sites listed on the homepage of Google very, very fast. Okay? That's the open method. I apologize for going through it so fast, but it's a very, very powerful method that you learn. But again, your goal in this whole process, your goal should not be to be, I'm writing articles, I'm submitting RSS feeds, I'm writing all this kind of stuff. That's not your role as an entrepreneur. You should not be doing that kind of stuff. All you need to do is learn this and understand it. And your role is to get the specialized knowledge, create a system, have somebody else do it, take action, give it away, give it to somebody who can do it for a lot less than it's going to cost you to do it. Okay? Again, that's your role. Okay, traffic system number two, again, we're going through these fast, we're already 45 minutes in the call and I got a lot more stuff I want to cover. So traffic system number two, I call it the website parasite. Okay? Now again, to learn this, I had to go through a whole bunch of courses. We spent, actually, I spent a ton of money on products. I think last time we had it was over $200,000 in information products in my library. So I spent a whole bunch of money learning all these different things, going through them, reading page by page, watching all the DVDs and kind of cutting out all the crap and finding out exactly what we need to create a very powerful five-minute system. Okay? We went through about 92 DVDs, 11 CDs, 24 webinars, tell us something, our 1600 pages of content invested almost $10,000 to learn the website parasite system. Okay? And this actually became four simple systems. Okay? So we counted four different systems in our company. The system, okay, so the key to website parasite is you need to figure out first off who is your target market, who is the person that you are trying to sell stuff to. Okay? And it's very important to understand that who is. The second thing you want to know is now you know this person, where is this person congregating? Okay? So an example, let's say I know that my target market is a wrestler. Okay? And where are all the wrestlers congregating online? Okay? A very smart guy, Stephen Pierce told me one time, said that your job is not to create traffic. Your job is to find where traffic already is and then become a parasite on those sites. Okay? So I'm going to find out where are the people I want to sell to, where are they already congregating? Are they on a special website? Are they on someone's email list? Are they on a forum or a message board? Where are they at? So for wrestling, like I said, when I was a wrestler, the site that I used to spend on my time, that was the site called TheMat.com. And they were throughout over, I think, 30 or 40,000 active wrestlers that are there all day long. And so that is a congregation of people that, if I was selling a wrestling product, would be right, would be there. Okay? So I want to find out where they're congregating. Usually it's forums, message boards, groups, email lists, things like that. eBay is another huge place that people are congregating. Craigslist is a huge place that people are congregating. And JV is, and when you find out people's email list, that's where a lot of these target markets that you're trying to sell to are congregating. So you find out who's your target market and number two, where are they congregating? How can I find where they're at and getting my message out in front of them? So the first website, parasite, forum that I'm going to talk about is the forums, message boards, and group. Okay? First thing you want to do is you want to find a forum. So let's say you're selling a dog training product. You want to go to Google and type in dog training forum. Okay? And all the forums are going to pop up about dog training. Next thing you want to know is there's three ways you can advertise in a forum. Number one is signature files. So here's an example. Hopefully you guys can see this. This is a post I made in a forum recently. Okay? And I was talking about HackerSafe's new logo. And I said, I hate HackerSafe's new logo. And I talked about it. And then you notice here at the very top is my whole little block, or my forum post. And at the bottom I have a little blurb here. And what's interesting about forums is they will not allow you just to blatantly promote your products, but most will allow you to put a signature file underneath it. So if you read my signature file under here, it says, you know, anyone who says this yet, I can't imagine an increasing conversion. Thanks, Russell Brunson. And then under that says, receive a free copy of the underground DVD where Russell Brunson reveals exactly how he turned a simple idea into a million-dollar-year business. And then it has the URL. And then, once you have new to make money right now, follow me on Twitter. And so I'm driving people from my signature file to two different websites. Okay? And some people say, hey, that's a slow way to drive traffic. I don't want to post on forums all day. Again, you don't have to do this kind of stuff. You can systemize this now, source it. How other people post messages on forums, but you're getting the links and all this kind of stuff where people are coming back to your sites. And this works. So I made my very first profitable month in the business. I made $1,200, excuse me, and all that came from one forum. Second month, I made $3,000. Third month, I made $5,000 all from one forum. And this is all I was doing was posting a bunch of, or excuse me, posting months of messages with my signature file on there. So it works very, very well. Okay? Way number two you can advertise on a forum is banner ads. Okay? This is, again, the wrestling site, themat.com. And on the site, there are tons and tons of banner ads. And you can buy these banner ads for very, very cheap. And I find those going to be 30,000 wrestlers on themat.com. And I, let's say I'm selling water bottles, wrestling shoes, or videos. I can buy those ads on the site for very, very cheap. And suddenly 30,000 people a week or a month are seeing those ads. Okay? So banner ads are the next very, very powerful way. Again, you're becoming a parasite. Themat.com already has thousands of wrestlers. Let's become a parasite on there and put our advertising. You start sucking off the members from the mat and driving back to our site. Okay? Number three is JV Partners. JV Partners are a great place to network, to find JV Partners, and find the kind of people that are going to be able to help you. Okay? So number two, eBay. Now, eBay, again, we're going to go through a whole bunch of eBay courses to kind of figure out what the simple system was that we were actually going to apply and use. So let me show you through that process. First thing, most people think that you use eBay to sell products. That is not the case. What we're using eBay for is to drive traffic back to our site. But the problem with eBay is you can't just post a product and then have, say, click here to go to my website. It doesn't allow you to do that. What it do allow you to do, which is really cool, is allow you to put up an about me page. And on the about me page, you can send people wherever you want. So we use a credit about me page. And if you see, you can see part of the picture over here, but the about me page is like our squeeze page. Okay? This is a page where we're driving people, we're building our list to drive people back on onto our site. And so what I do is I, you know, we list products, we sell products in eBay, but what I do is right above the actual product description, you have a video or something at the top saying, hey, don't buy the product below. Instead, click on my about me page. You get it for free. Okay? As we post that, so people see my auction listing, they open it up. Instead of, you know, buying it from eBay, they click on the link, go to my about me page, and then boom, now we've got, now we can drive them to a website. We can opt them into our email list, we can do a bunch of stuff like that. Okay, that's how we use eBay. That's the power for when you see eBay. Again, we don't use the auction listing to sell our products. We use it to push people to our about me page. Next thing is classified ads. eBay's got some new classified ads system, which is amazing for those who haven't ever used it before. Let me show you this right here. Okay? All these are like auction listings, right? If you notice, the top one is the product, second one's the product, third one. If you look on the right hand side, there's a little thing that says classified ad. Okay? The cool thing about a classified ad is it looks just like an auction listing. It appears in the search results just like an auction listing, but the cool thing is that in a classified ad, I can post anything I want. I can push them to another website. I can put an opt-in box. I can do whatever I want there. Okay? So that's the power of having classified ads. And the classified ads are cheap. It's like 10 bucks a month for me to post a classified ad for a month. Okay? And so that's what we do. There's a lot of classified ads like that that drive people to other websites or often pages and things like that. The eBay classified ad system is so, so powerful way to siphon off the visitors off of eBay and drive them back to your site. Okay? Now, parasite method number three is Craigslist. This is, again, a site that gets so much traffic. And so Craigslist, same kind of thing, is you write a compelling lead generation ad. You target the right categories and you send people back to your sites. Again, there are eBay submitters and software like that. It doesn't work for well because eBay is so good at, or excuse me, Craigslist. It's so good at tweaking their algorithms and changing it so to get past like submitters and stuff like that. But go to the large cities and manually submit things and you can drive a lot of people that way. Here's an example of someone using an ad here, Boise I saw today. He said, recognize business now open the door to work at home. They have a little ad here. They strive people back to his affiliate link for myworldpower.com, whatever that is. Okay? But again, you can go and you can create these little systems like that and say, okay, what do you need to do? You know, so and so we just hire your job is to go out there and every single day to post 10 Craigslist ads in each of the 50 major cities. Okay? And they go out there one at a time and boom, you create this little system and now you send them again tons and tons of traffic from cities all across the world. Okay? I know my friend that the long way of business, he gets the majority of his leads from sites like Craigslist where he has the title says, free lawn mowing. They open the thing, hey, free lawn mowing. Click here, go to my site. They go to site, fill out the form and boom, he's got them now. It does a free lawn mowing and now they become clients. Okay? But Craigslist is a powerful, powerful way to target things, especially locally. Okay? But again, your goal in this, your role is not to post in eBay. It's not to be posting Craigslist ads. It's not to be doing this kind of stuff, posting in forums. Your goal again is to get specialized knowledge, learn how this thing works, create a system and then take action. Give it to somebody else to go and do it to run and to manage. Okay? Again, that is how it works. All right. We are almost now we're in just, we still have over 800 people online. So hopefully you guys are liking this. We've got two more systems we're going to go through. We should be done in the next 25 minutes or so. But again, I hope you guys are getting some good benefit from this. Like I said, we've got over 800 people still on here. So it looks like you guys are really benefiting. Somebody just keep going, keep rallying through this stuff. Hopefully you guys again are benefiting. I love doing this kind of stuff. I love teaching this. I just wish I had more time to go over everything. So I'll keep going. All right. Traffic system number three is our anabolic SEO system. Okay? We call it anabolic SEO because it sounds way more cool than SEO. Okay? Now, same thing I think we had to go through a whole bunch of products and courses to learn all this stuff. Tons of products. These products are amazing. I love these kind of products. Okay? We had to go through all these products to learn these systems. Okay? You break it down. We went through over 160, 165, 47 cities, 36 webinars, 4800 pages and investment over $12,000 to learn the anabolic SEO method. Okay? It was interesting. We were able to break that into five simple steps. Okay? So we had to do a whole bunch of crap for you guys to get the real gems of what is important in these systems that you can then go back and apply. Okay? So the anabolic SEO method. Number there's two parts to this. Number one is on-site SEO. Number two is off-site SEO. Okay? So on-site SEO is what you're doing on your webpage. So let me show you how easy on-site SEO is. You need a blog because blogs will cover about 95% of what you need for on-site SEO. Okay? What you do is you make a blog post and in the title of your blog post you use the keyword you're looking. So the keyword I used here was make money online. So my blog post was three ways to make money online. That was the keyword I was focusing for for this page. Okay? Each blog post, each page I'm going to focus on a new keyword. Okay? You pick one keyword and boom, that page is now optimized for that keyword. Okay? And that's pretty much all the on-site SEO that you really, really need to focus about to blow this thing up and get a lot of traffic. Okay? The second step is the off-site SEO. So you've got this page now that's got the on-site now. The off-site is everything you do to build the on-site SEO. Okay? So example, here's my on-site page. This is a page I'm trying to get to rank for make money online. Now my key is to get links coming back to that site. Now the wrong way to do it is to get a link like this. Make money online, click here now. That's what most people do when they try to drive traffic with links like that. They go and place links like that all over the place. And you click here now, it goes to your webpage. But that's not the right way to build links. Okay? Let me show you the right way to build links. All you do is you create your links like this. Learn how to make money online with .com secrets now. So make money online, the blue underline link. That link, if you click on it, it's going to go to this webpage. So I want to make sure that the blue underline link is the keyword phrase I'm focusing for on that page. Okay? Hopefully that makes sense. The blue underline link, the keywords and the blue underline link should be the same keywords on the page that I'm pushing them to. Okay? Now, first thing you want to find out then is what are the keywords? Okay? What keywords should be focusing on? So I'm going to use SEObook.com to find out my keywords. They have a cool keyword marketing tool. You type in the keyword and boom, it pops it out. So this one, this example I typed in Internet marketing. You look down there, and monthly search for Internet marketing, there are 401,000 searches a month for the keyword Internet marketing. Okay? So that's number one, it's figuring out what keywords you're focusing on. Number two is how hard is it going to be to win that keyword? So the tool I use for that is a site called SEOMoz.org. Okay? In SEOMoz, they have a tool called their keyword difficulty tool. So I plug in the Internet marketing into the keyword difficulty tool. And what you can see here, it popped out and said this is an 86% difficulty keyword. So it's 86% hard to get. So 100% is like almost impossible, zero is super easy. 86% is a difficult word. Okay? So I know the Internet market is a difficult word. But you type in your keyword, just say type in parrot training or soccer playing, whatever. You're going to find out how difficult it's going to be to win that keyword. If it's an easy one, then yeah, let's go after it fast. Okay? Number three now is you're going to get as many links as possible pointing back to your site. Okay? So you're going to get as many links as possible, just like that. So next step, oh, so the next thing you need to do that is create a system to get links. Okay? Very simple. There are a lot of ways to get links. You need to create a system. Okay? So you create simple videos, teach you people how to get links, teach them where to get the links, and then you outsource your link building tasks. Because if anyone here has ever tried to trade links onto this call, it is about the hardest, most, and the not as boring thing in the world. So you don't want to be doing link building. You want to create little systems and hire people to do it for a lot less than it would cost you to do it. Okay? So you're going to get a lot of links. And then every single time you make a new blog post, you're going out and getting links for that blog post, the keywords you're focusing on for that blog post. Okay? Very, very simple. So the results, let me show you the results that we did with one of our girls in the Philippines did this in about two and a half months. Okay? We told her the keyword we wanted to get is internet marketing. I told her the difficulty is 86 percent. And look what she was able to do. So in two months, she got on page one in Google for internet marketing. A very, very difficult keyword. Okay? Page one, I think we're a little lower right now, but this time at this picture we were number four on Google for internet marketing. And all she did was exactly what I told you about. I made a post on my side with keywords internet marketing. She went and started getting links over and over and over again for internet marketing. Okay? So it took her about two months. Now, what's amazing about that is she was at the same time linking about 500, or not a student, about 500, about 50 other keywords. She was also linking at the same time. So she did the internet marketing, 50 other keywords, all in about a month and a half, two months, a period of time. And I was paying her about $4 an hour to do this. Okay? That's very, very powerful. So you look at the, you know, the long term, it cost me maybe $1,000. You listen on page one of Google for internet marketing, which as you saw has over 401,000 searches a month. Okay? Now if you were to go and pay for pay-per-click ads, like the ads here at the top right there, you're gonna be paying $4 or $5 every time someone clicks on that ad. Okay? I'm getting it for free. It cost me $4 an hour, and I, and, excuse me, $4 an hour, about two months period of time, and during that time we've not only got internet marketing, we've got tons of other keywords also. Okay? So hopefully I see how powerful that is. Crazy little systems and having people run it. Okay? So I'm gonna talk about how to get links. Okay? That's the next question. Well, how do you get links? Okay? Number one is articles. You create an article and you submit it to an article directory. Okay? Very, very easy way. Next thing is press release. You write a press release, put some links in there, submit the press releases. Next thing is posting on blogs. Now this is one of my favorite new tools I found out about. It's a tool called Comment Sniper. What happens is I download the software and I can go and I can find all my favorite blogs. Okay? And I say, when so-and-so, let's say when John Reeves or when Mike Philstein, whenever they comment on their blog or post a message on their blog, I want you to send me a notification immediately. So what happens is as soon as they do that, boom, the sync pops up saying, hey, Mike Philstein posted a link on his blog or posted a new blog post. And so what I'll do is I'll run to a site really quick and I make a reply and say, hey, Mike, that's a great blog post, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, and I put a link back to my site immediately. That's going to do two things. First thing, I'm going to get a link coming back to my site. And second thing is usually when, let's say someone's got a big blog, they post a blog thing, if I'm the very first comment, all their readers are going to come read their blog post and start reading the comments. I'm going to be the very first comment there. Do you see how powerful it is? I'm going to start getting tons and tons and tons of traffic from other people, from other people's blogs, just by comment sniping. Now again, this is something that I don't normally do. The girls we outsource this to in the Philippines, they have a comment sniper installed when people, all these blogs are posting, they run the blogs real quick, make the post, drop the link, and boom, we're getting tons of traffic from this. And they're watching thousands of people's blogs. But again, it's not something I'm doing. I'm creating a system and outsourcing it. Next thing is forums. Like we talked about before, going to forums, posting to get links. And then this is one of my big secrets we discovered really recently and I love it. It's one of the coolest ones to get lots and lots of links really fast. Usually we can get about 300 to 500 backlinks within about 20 minutes or an hour worth of work. This is the process. Number one, first off, you get, and the nice thing about these links is they're links from high page rank sites, not just a little page rank one, two sites. It's like five and higher page rank sites. First thing you do is we take our blog posts, the exact same blog posts we just made and we turn it into a software program. You may say, Russell, how in the world do you turn a blog post into a software program? Let me show you. What you do is you create a product like eBook Generator. So I usually use the eBook Generator. I put my blog post in there. I click a button and boom, it turns it into an eBook. Now it's an EXE file. The key is that it's going to be an EXE file. In case you can use an eBook, you can create a toolbar. There's a lot of ways you can do it, but you need to turn your blog post somehow into an EXE file. I do it through eBook Generator. So I create software from my blog post. Next thing is I create a pad file. The pad file is this is a file that talks about my software program. This is a site you can get. It's called PadGen that we can create a pad file. If you have the URL out there, hopefully you can see ASP-shareware.org, forward slash pad, forward slash padgen.php. You'll take this page, you download the PadGen file and it'll create a pad file for your software product. You take this pad file and you submit it to software directories. The software directories have very high page rank, five and above. There's hundreds of them. There's some pads submitting software. Unfortunately, I don't have any links here on this PowerPoint slide, but you search for Google for pads submission software. You use the software and submit this pad file to all these software directories and instantly you got back links from all these directories coming back to your post. Boom. You tell the people you outsource you, hey, after I make a blog post, create a software product, submit it, and boom, instantly you've got 500 links, high quality links coming back to your blog post. It's going to increase the ranking very, very fast. See how easy that is and how powerful this is. You get tons and tons of links. But again, your role in this whole thing is not to be getting links. Your role, as we talked about many times, is to get specialized knowledge, create a system, and take some action. Okay. Traffic system number four. We're going fast. This is the last one we're going to be covering in detail tonight. This is the video multiplier. This is one that's very, very, very cool. Okay. Now, there's a free way to do it and a paid way to do it. The free way is a software called TubeMogle.com. It's free. Here's a picture of the site. Where you usually take a video, you upload it to TubeMogle, you click submit, and boom, it'll submit that video to 30 different video sites instantly. Okay. Really, really cool software. You see here, it shows how many videos they've had, 800,000 videos deployed so far and counting. So, it's a very free and easy way to do it. So, boom, awesome. You create a video. Now, it's on Google, video, YouTube. All these different video sites are really, really fast. Okay. So, that one's pretty good, but there's one that's much, much better that I recommend. It's a software called Traffic Geyser. Here's a picture of Traffic Geyser. And I'm going to talk about the benefits of it, but it does a whole bunch more stuff besides just many to 30 sites. It submits it to, I think, 60 or 70 sites and there's a whole bunch of other really, really cool stuff. It gets you traffic very, very fast. As far as traffic generation tools, this is the best traffic generation tool I've ever found in my entire life. Okay. And I think, I don't know if any of the traffic guys are on this call, but if you are, you can quote me on that. It's the best traffic generation tool I've ever seen and I love it. So, if you guys need, you know, if you want a traffic generation tool that's literally a click button and you get traffic, this is the best one out there. Okay. All right. So, let me talk about the video multiplier method the way it works. First thing is you create a video. And I recommend getting it on a flip camera. If you guys have ever seen these cameras, these are amazing. The quality is so, so high. It costs about $150 at Walmart or you can buy these things and you click record and you can record up to an hour long video. And like I said, very high quality. And then you push the button and you see on the picture here, the USB drive pops out the side, you plug it into your computer and you click a button and boom, it uploads the video to the internet. Okay. It's so powerful. The problem before with video thing I hate is you have to record a video and you have to record it from the videotapes of your computer and then edit it on the computer. It was this huge long horrible process. Now with this flip camera, you click a button, you record, you click stop, you plug it in and boom, it's uploaded. It's updated to your computer all within like minutes. Okay. So, the flip is the coolest thing you will ever find. Okay. So, first thing is you create a video with the flip. Second thing is you use traffic guys or upload. Now this is why traffic guys are so, so powerful. First thing it does is it submits it to all the video sites, but what's cool about traffic guys is that with any other video service, you upload the same video twice, it'll say, hey, this video has already been submitted. Even if you change the file name, it still can tell just by the fingerprints that the video leaves that this video has already been submitted before it deletes it. So what traffic guys does, it takes your same video and it re-renders the whole video in four different formats. It changes the whole process of it so that the engines cannot tell us the same video. So you submit the video once and then you tell it to re-rend it and re-rend it in four different formats and submit it again. So let's say you make 10 videos and use it to traffic guys or it'll submit 40 different videos out of those 10. Okay. You see how powerful that is? You do this very simple thing and boom, it's like you're getting tons and tons and tons of traffic from it. Okay. Next thing it does is it'll strip the audio out of the videos and it turns into a podcast and submits it to all podcast directories. Okay. So it's another very powerful thing it does. It does much better if I didn't mention on the slide it alerts the social networks and the whole bunch of really cool stuff but again this software is so, so powerful and that's how it works. Okay. And you get tons of traffic and you get links back from the video sites. Okay. So again what I would say is make as many videos as possible, upload them as many as possible and get tons and tons of traffic. I'm going to tie this together here in one second. But again what I want to talk about now is your role in this thing is not to be submitting videos and finding the keywords and that kind of stuff. Your goal again is to get specialized knowledge, create a system and take some action. Now what do you think the value is of all these systems? Okay. The value for your creative system is very powerful. Okay. Like I said for me I save all my systems on this little tiny flash drive. It's combo locks. I do not want anyone having access to it. Okay. The value of my systems is expensive. Okay. I paid over $19,000 to learn the Oprah traffic. Website, parasite over 10 grand. And I'll guess the over 12 grand. Video multiplier. I mean when I learned that that was one of the most powerful things we ever learned. Plus the other 15 systems in our company is well over $200,000. So you're looking over $41,000 to invest or create these systems. Okay. Now I just want to really impress upon you guys the value of these systems. Your creative systems are going to become so valuable. You know, we talked earlier about franchising. Why McDonald's? Why people pay $1 million for McDonald's franchise because the systems are created. They can walk into it, get these systems and instantly they've got a turnkey business up and running very, very quickly. Okay. Now my question I get now is people say, okay, I'm creating all these systems. I'm running this thing. What do I do all day now? Okay. Russell. I mean, you know, pretty much this whole thing is running on autopilot. What do I do? Okay. Now that's just a question for you guys. You know, if you had more free time, if you can have folks driving, traffic, getting customers, getting, you know, building your list, all this stuff was happening on autopilot because you'd outsource it all. You'd create a system and outsource it. What would you be doing in your life? Okay. For me, I'd be spending all my time with my wife and my kids. Okay. Some people might be traveling the world. Some people might be, you know, just taking a week off and relaxing. Some people might be, you know, I'm going to go to my favorite vacation place. I mean, there could be a thousand things you want to do. You just got to figure out what's the thing that you want to do all day. And then focus on that. That's what you're going to be able to start doing. Okay. So by creating systems, you're creating a life for yourself. You're buying yourself the time and energy you need. Okay. So again, what you do all day. I'm going to walk you through the process. This is what my process is in my company to drive traffic. Okay. So on Monday I come in and I record 10 short frequently asked question videos. Okay. This is on a Monday. So I do it once a week. Each video might be five minutes long. So I'm looking at about 50 minutes worth of videos. Okay. And we do it with a flip camera. We click record. And then we have a question. I record a video. Boom. Record the next video. Boom. Boom. Boom. So we have an hour worth of videos and then I'm done. Okay. That is all I do in this whole system. Okay. At that point the video camera gets handed to the SEO guy and the process starts. So let me walk you through this process. It's a beautiful, beautiful thing. So I record the 10 videos and I walk away. What happens now is somebody else submits them to traffic geyser. Okay. Next thing, somebody else rewrites the video into a 300 word article and they apply the open traffic method. So instead of having to write a video, an article for scratch for the open traffic method, they watch the video, transcribe it into a quick 300 word article and boom, we apply the open traffic method. Okay. The open traffic methods start getting traffic in 24 to 48 hours, instantly dollar sites using again the keywords we focus on for the open traffic method. Okay. Then we take this exact same article and the video we post them on our blog with the keywords we're talking about. Okay. So let's say the keywords make money online. I post that article. I post the video. Post it on the blog and boom. Now we've got a page on our blog. That's optimized with all the keywords we need. Okay. Next thing we do is we submit the articles for links. We take the articles from the blog. We use the article submission software, submit them like crazy and it points tons and tons of links back to our blog. Next thing we do is we write these articles and press releases and submit them to the press release services. Okay. Next we need to turn these videos into EXT software and we submit them to all the software directories, getting tons and tons of links pointing back again to our blog post. Then we use comment sniper. We find people who are posting blogs that day. We run those blogs, we post comments and then have links that are anchored back, push people back into our blog post. Okay. Then we submit the audios from these videos to the podcast sites. We turn these 10 videos into how to report. How to video report. We then drive paper, click banner ads, easy ads to sell this video report. You might sell for $17, $27, whatever it might be, but we sell these videos. Okay. These 10 videos, 15 minutes of video we sell for between $17 and $27 usually. Then we add these videos to a video vault for a continuity program. A lot of people say, you know, I want a membership site, but I don't know how to create content for it. All you just take these 10 videos you're creating every Monday and you submit them to the video vault. Okay. This becomes your continuity program where you're adding 10 new videos a week. The next thing is that you create an upsell where they sign up for the membership site, they get all the videos and boom, you give an upsell for $97, you send them a DVD with all the 10 videos on it. Then you can post these free video links on forums. Here's a free video. Click here to download the video. You post these videos on eBay for sale. You post them again on Craigslist and all that kind of stuff. So you see, I create the 10 videos and all these things start happening. Process after process after process after process. Okay. All these people out there, you know, doing this, doing this, following this step by step by step process and tons and tons and tons and tons of traffic starts flooding to my sites. During this whole process, what did I have to do? As the entrepreneur, what did you have to do this whole process? You had one thing you had to do. You recorded 10 five minute videos. That was it. Okay. You see how powerful that is? I am not doing all this stuff. I'm creating the videos and I'm done. But guess what? If I didn't want to, if I didn't like doing the videos, I could stop doing that too. I could hire someone else and say, hey, you're in charge of making 10 videos a month or a week and then apply the whole, whole, whole process. Okay. It's very, very powerful. All you have to do now is make the systems. You go through and make these systems and you can apply this thing. Okay. I talked to them on the email, the product, and I said, look, when you know the system you haven't created, you can drive traffic anywhere you want. You can say, hey, I want to drive traffic to this website. You go record 10 five minute videos and you're done. And say, hey, point at this website over here. Boom. The process happens and week later you're getting tons and tons of traffic to that site without you doing anything. Okay. That's how powerful this whole system is. Okay. So my question for you guys now is this. Instead of creating your own systems, who here would just like me to sell them my traffic systems instead? Okay. I want to get everyone's opinion because I, you know, I don't want to make the, I want to make this call something that you're getting a lot of value out of. But I know a lot of people are saying right now, man, Russell, that's great, but I don't have the $200,000 to invest and all the information products to learn the systems. I would just like to buy your system instead. So that's something I'm actually going to offer you guys today to really speed up your process. You don't have to focus so much on learning all the stuff. You can just focus on the implementing of the system and save yourself tons of time and money. Okay. So let me talk about the systems for a minute. First thing, I'm going to give you guys a license to my systems and the systems license is going to be a lifetime update. So what that means is that, again, you know that I'm a buyer. I buy every single product comes out. When new products come out in the market, I'm going to buy them. I'm going to review them. I'm going to study them and we're going to create systems out of them. I'm going to give them to my people and they're going to apply it. Okay. So that means that you're going to benefit from it too. You don't have to go out and keep buying everyone's product out there. This is like the gift that keeps on giving. I will buy the products, create the system, dump the systems in the members area for my staff, my team to use and you're going to be able to log in to the exact same members area and use the exact same system that we're using. You're getting lifetime updates to every system that I create and add to our system. Okay. Here's a picture of the members area from the system. There's the open traffic method. There's an anabolic SEO method. Each of these little links is a five minute video walking through that step of the process. So that's what I'm going to do. I'm going to show you guys the process. I'm going to show you guys the process. So I'm going to show you guys the process. Plus a PDF checklist that says step number one, do this. Step number two, do this. Step number three, do this. So all you do is hire someone, create out the PDF, hand it to them and say, watch these four videos and do this all day long over and over and over again and it can now start driving traffic for you. Like I said, it can be anyone. You can hire a monkey off the street and say, hey, here's the traffic systems. Go make me some traffic. Okay. Okay. Now as a bonus also, I'm going to throw in some other system and a lot of people were interested in this. The real estate system, my brother and I developed it. We're using to buy all these houses. I'll also throw in the real estate systems for you too. So you can get all the real estate systems and start investing in real estate the same way that I'm doing right now where you don't have to see the house. You don't have to look at the house. You can just click a couple of buttons online and boom, you've got a house. You've got renters. You've got money coming in. Okay. So real estate systems also had our copyrighted go through and create a whole bunch of copyrighted systems. A lot of people say, hey, I don't know how to create a squeeze page. I don't know how to develop a sales letter. So he made a whole bunch of videos talking about how to develop a headline, how to develop your story, your offer. But then if you look here at the top, there's also a sales letter template, a squeeze page template, and our headline swipe file with hundreds and hundreds of the best tested headlines in the world. So this is all inside the members area. You can get all the copyright system videos plus the swipe file and our templates that we use every single day. Okay. So if you look at that, instant traffic system, the value is over $50,000. It's actually close to $200,000 when you look at all 19 systems that we had to go through about $200,000 with the products to figure out. Okay. Next thing is that last year I did a $1,000 training course called, it was called a traffic webinar course. And this was actually focused more towards the entrepreneur and helping everyone to understand and explain exactly what we're talking about, how, you know, the kind of the why you do type of stuff. And so we went through and we did about 20 hours worth of web access, closer to, I think more than 20 hours of the webinar. You see the list from right here. These are all webinars we did teaching the role of the entrepreneur. So helping you understand how to choose your business model, how to pick your three websites, how to set up analytics, how to do your product development. This is more the stuff for the entrepreneurs. This is not for your employees to watch. This is stuff for you to watch and be able to learn it to grow and to benefit from. Okay. So that's the traffic webinars right here. Okay. And also we did a workshop here in Boise. It was a very expensive workshop a while ago where we opened up my entire business that hey, this is my business. And so you also get the MP3s and the PDFs from all of the traffic system we taught here in our office. People who actually paid a ton of money to fly here to Boise and learn from directly from what we're doing in our company. Okay. And you also have our product development system. A lot of people say, hey, this is great, Russell, but I don't want to develop a product. In our product development department, we have six systems, an idea system of preparation, product development, copyrighted website structure, and traffic generation system. So you get access to all these systems. So you say, hey, Russell, I want to develop a product. You open up the first system and you just apply step by step by step. You don't even have to think. Just do checklist number one, checklist number two, boom, boom, boom, boom, till you're done. Okay. So all the traffic webinars. So again, you get all the traffic systems for your employees, all the traffic webinars for you to learn about all this stuff. And then this is kind of an inside picture of the locked members area. When you lock it, you can see this is all the stuff that's inside the members area. Okay. So again, you get traffic systems, traffic webinars, and access to the members vault where every single time I buy a new product, we systemize it. All of those systems will be inside of this locked members area where you can just go in and start looking, find new videos, go find employees, hey, this is a cool new video Russ was uploading. Let's apply this one now. Supply this one. Like I said, it's the gift that keeps on giving. Okay. Today, tomorrow, 10 years from now, every time I learn a new traffic system that works, I'm going to boil it down to a bunch of little five minute video clips, systemize it, throw the members area, and boom, you have access and just plug those at your team into that and you can start driving traffic with those systems also. Okay. Total value is way over $52,000. But I want to give you a couple of extra bonuses. Okay. So, what I'm going to give you, I set up a deal with a company on India where they're actually going to give you a traffic assistant for free for a week. Okay. So, what happens is you get an employee for free for a week and also I set up where the normal price of an employee after that, we knock down the price by over $100. So, what's going to happen is $100 a month. So, over a year with a period of time, you're going to say $1200 on that employee, which is a lot of money. So, you get a free employee for a week and you also get $100 discount every single month that that employee is with you. So, it's well over $1200 plus, again, a free week of an employee. So, I set that deal up for you guys if you invest in the Instant Traffic Systems program. Okay. I'm very, very powerful. Like I said, a free employee for a week, you start to give me assistance work, you start to give me training and it's not going to cost you a penny to get it started. Okay. So, again, Instant Traffic Systems, the traffic webinars, locked members of all, and an employee for a week, well over $53,000. Next bonus, a lot of people say, hey Russell, I got these sites, but for some reason I cannot make any money with them. Okay. For the life of me, I cannot make money with them. So, what I'm actually going to do, I'm going to throw into you, throw into that product that is from a company I just recently purchased that was a really powerful company, had a lot of good products and products that teach people how to flip websites. Okay. And so, again, a lot of people say, I've got traffic on my site, my site won't sell. I have over 3,500 domains and I can't do anything with it. Okay. I bought 10,000 ResalRights products and they're sitting in my hard drive. What do I do with them? Okay. For all you guys out there, I say, take this traffic systems, throw up the website, throw up a ResalRights product, drive a little traffic to it and then you can sell the site. Okay. So, you're going to get a copy of the Site Flip Academy 30-day challenge. It's going to walk you through the step-by-step process of how to sell a website. Okay. And I got friends through this all day long. They'll go and they'll put up a site that pay $8 for hosting. They'll drive some traffic with these traffic systems. They'll throw up on another site and they'll sell a site for $400. Boom. And they do it over and over and over again. They've got four or five sites going at a time and they're making crazy amounts of money just by flipping websites. So, they've got the whole Site Flip course. It's going to walk you through the process, how to set up a website, drive some traffic and then boom, resell that site for much, much more than you cost you to set up. Okay. And again, like I said, most of these guys are selling their website from 10 times a profit. So, costing $50 is selling for $500. Okay. Happening all day long. Boom, boom, boom. You can do two, three a day if you want if you learn the system really, really well. So, you get all the Site Flip Academy traffic systems also. Okay. So, again, instant traffic system for your employees, instant traffic webinars for you to learn. The locker members vault with all the lifetime updates and a free traffic system and also access Site Flip Academy for total value well over $54,000. So, total price $54,000. But if you act today, we're going to knock it down to less than a tenth of that for only $4,000. Okay. $4,000 is a bargain, especially when you look at the $200,000 plus I spent in buying the course, let alone systemizing them and actually developing and making sure that they actually work. Now, I've got a really cool bonus for those who are on the line who decided to be on the stay with us. This is called Help Me Fill My Shells Bonus or you can also call it I Bought Too Much Crap Bonus. Okay. This is a picture of me in my library. Now, there's still looks about, you know, two shelves that I haven't quite filled up yet and I'm anxious to get these things filled up. So, what I'm going to do, because some of you guys probably bought tons of products, they're sitting you on your shelf and they're not doing anything and you're thinking, man, Russell, I want to buy your product too because I just don't want to, you know, I've got this other product, I still haven't done anything with. So, what I'm going to do is something really, really cool. If you will take any of the products you've ever bought in the past, I don't care what it is, after you buy my course, if you will ship me back that product, I will send you back a check for $2,000. Okay. I don't care if you paid $97 for it, I don't care if you paid $2,000 for it, I will ship you back $2,000 for you to send me one of your old courses. I'll take it, if it's good, I'll systemize, I'll throw in the memory jar and boom, you still didn't get the value out of it, but it doesn't have to clutter your shelf anymore and clutter my shelf because I love my bookshelf. I want to fill this thing up as quick as possible. I'm going to give you a bonus. Okay. But I trust you guys so much and I know that the system is going to work for you, so I'm actually going to do, instead of making you, you know, pay the $4,000 now and let me ship back, I'm actually going to give you the $2,000 credit right now today where if you promise me that when you get this course, you'll ship me one of the books or one of the products or any of the courses you've got sitting on yourself, any of the crap that you don't want to go through, if you ship one back to me, then I will give you the $2,000 discount today. So what that means is you want to pay $2,000 to be sent today instead of $4,000. So you've got the traffic systems, you've got the traffic webinars, you've got the locked members of all, you've got a free traffic system, you've got the Cyflip Academy, total value of $54,000. So the final price is on 1997 today, but I've got one more awesome thing. Okay, for the first 25 people who order today, I'm going to give you a flip video camera. It seems cost $125, excuse me, $150 a piece. We ordered 25 of them today. They should be here next day or two. I will give the first 25 people today who order the instant traffic system. I'm going to give you a flip video camera. Okay, that's my gift to you for the first 25 people to take action. So again, the whole course is in cost 1997. You see a picture here on the right-hand side. You can get everything we talked about, the instant traffic portfolio, the system, membership site, and a flip video for the first 25 people. All you have to do is go to instanttrafficsystems.com and order and we will ship one of these things out to you right away. Again, instanttrafficsystems.com, you're going to have access to every system we've ever created, every system we're going to create in the future. You're going to have access to all the traffic webinars. You're going to get a free employee for a week. Everything we talked about and more, you're going to get just by investing in our instanttrafficsystems.com. So again, you guys, I appreciate you being on this webinar. I hope that you got a lot of benefit from it. I love making these things as much value as possible, but we've covered four of the systems in very much detail. Even if you don't invest, you should be able to take those things and be able to start implementing right away. If you do invest, again, I'm going to save you guys a ton of time and headaches. You're going to just take my systems, implement them. The first 25 people are going to get a flip video. You see it. Go to instanttrafficsystems.com. On that page, you're going to see a little order form. Just go there, sign up, and like I said, you'll instantly be taking the membership and start seeing all the traffic systems in there. And then the next week or so, we'll ship out to your entire package. If you're one of the first 25 people, you'll also get the flip video camera. So that's my offer to you guys today. I appreciate you guys being on this webinar. I had a ton of fun for it. I hope that you guys have all benefited from it. I hope that it's going to help make your business and your life easier. I want you guys to be able to step away from these businesses so you can focus on the fun part, making money, spending time with your family, doing the traveling, systemize the stuff, and you can walk out of it. And if you want to save a ton of time, use my systems. I've already spent the time and the money and energy to invest them and create them. I'm going to give them to you guys for just 1997 today. Again, the first 25 people, you get a free flip video camera. I'll send that out also. Instanttrafficsystems.com. Thank you so much, everybody. I appreciate being on this call. My name is Russell Brunson, and I'll see you guys again real soon. Thank you very much.