Now impressive to them by the way, so you know running a coaching meeting to the participants, I mean that's a pretty impressive thing, you know, but you can't let them see everything. And so you got to go away to your secret cave where they cannot come and something behind the rock has to happen and you come back out of the secret cave with the answer or the thing or the work product or whatever and they have to really kind of wonder what's going on in that secret cave but they can never see it. You can't ever let them in the secret cave because in most secret caves, taint nothing there. You know, and it's a big disappointment to come in the secret cave and find out there's a recliner. You know, and there's a couple old three Stooges movies and a DVD player. I mean that's a big disappointment to everybody, you know what I'm saying? So there's got to be something mystical about what you do to them, not in reality. And third, this is kind of important, there always has to be the thought that there's a next. I mean dependence is bred by the fact they can't leave because there's a next thing coming. You're going to come up with something, something that that next meeting is this is going to happen at that next meeting and it's fabulous and it's never happened at a meeting before and you've never seen it before and something's going to happen on this next call and it's never happened on a call before and something's going to be in the next CD that's never been in a CD before and there's got to be a next and next year something's going to be different. All my coaching programs have changed some way every year. Little but every year. Why? Because if you leave it the same then everybody thinks I've already been there, done that. So something's got to be different. In Weight Watchers business, the point thing is the thing they've gone with the longest. They're almost, they're almost into, well they're into a third year of using the points, although they've changed how you use the points every year. Prior to that it was a new thing every year. So there was the free day deal where one day a week you could eat all the crap you wanted to and it didn't count. But you had to follow the plan the other six days. That was a year. Then there was the pick a bad food year. They have better names for it, you understand. But so there was the pick a bad food year. So you could pick one really crappy food and it didn't count. You could eat any of that you wanted to, whenever you wanted to, as much of it as you wanted to, as long as you followed the recipe program. So one person picked chocolate cake, the other person picked pizza, everybody comes to the meeting, don't make any difference. By the way, from a diet standpoint it doesn't make any difference. It's controlling the numbers. It doesn't matter how you get to the numbers. Now they got this point deal. And if you're on Weight Watchers people say they don't have to count calories now, they don't have to count fat grams, they don't have to count carbs, they just count Weight Watchers points. And everything has a point value. And so you can eat any damn thing you want to, you just got to make the points add up right at the end of the day. So Weight Watchers people are all, oh well I can have that even though it's 412 points because I didn't have this, it hits 36 points, and they're all talking points. So there's a culture. But they got to change it every year. Otherwise they can't keep people coming back and coming back and coming back. So there's got to be a what's next. And the what's next at least has to be a little different so everybody's sort of into what's going to happen. These are big. Your client or relationships, here's some big mistakes. First is being too familiar. It really does breed contempt. There has to be some mystery. You got to let them in, but you can only let them in so far. The minute they think they got it all, the minute they think they know everything you know, have heard everything you have to say, seen everything you know how to do, they're gone. Lose interest in you so fast, your head will spin. So you got to be careful what you let them see, what you don't let them see. You got to be careful how much you let them hang out with you in environments where they see more and more of the real you less and less of the carefully controlled embellished presented you. I saw a guy destroy a practice management business competing with ours at the time. A couple hundred doctors each paying 30 to 50 thousand dollars for a two year program. He got a big boat.