I do it a lot. What am I really doing? I'm building up the obligation side of the ledger. Want him obligated to me? I don't want him obligated to them. If you accept gifts and courtesies, do it rarely, carefully, and always with caveats stated. The bigger the gift, the more important it is to have the conversation. And they will start giving you gifts. If you're single and they bake for you, not a big deal. If they're single and they like, if you're single and they like buy a house equipped with a wife and a cook, big deal. You gotta have a conversation about that. A long time client this year, give me a car. I don't need a car, I can buy a car, I didn't even really want the car. I was happy with the car I had, but for a variety of reasons he like needed to give me the car. And I appreciate the gesture. But I declined once, then I had a long conversation stating the caveats, redefining the relationship, exempting the gift from the relationship, and then I paper-trailed the conversation. We'll talk about paper-trail later. Because I don't want it to be the most expensive free car I ever got. Always pick up tabs. Accept in a situation where it is understood ahead of time. Otherwise always be the guy who reaches for your wallet. It's a real important behavior, it's symbolic, it says huge things about you. And for God's sakes in front of a client, don't use the calculator on your watch to figure out the 15.2% tip. Believe me, I've seen them do it. I've seen people do it. I've seen deals blown over the observation of this one behavior. I've seen it happen. Big mistake. Never take unfair advantage. Meaning, it's okay to have them work for free. But don't have them work for free five nights in a row. It's okay to have them up on a panel, but don't have them do a breakout session for you for free where they're missing the main session. Don't take unfair advantage. Don't booze it up in their presence. I'm the last guy to be talking about this because for many years I drank, I drank heavily and I drank with and around clients. Not a smart thing to do. If you're drinking, you gotta drink, go drink someplace else. Same advice would have been good for Jimmy Swagger about in your hometown. Which brings us to this. Don't date or sleep with clients or clients, family members or employees. Turn it down no matter how generously, freely, liberally it is offered. It's another reason not to drink in their presence because you're more likely not to turn it down. It can never, ever, ever, ever, ever work out well. If you're gonna marry it, then stop the client relationship. Then date her. Or date him. And be very aware of potential liabilities. This and other kinds. This business is fraught with risk. Fraught with risk. And most people don't give it any thought. You're dispensing advice. People are interpreting it. They hear kind of what they want to hear. They hear pieces of it, etc. And they are following it. And then if they get adverse results, regardless of how much of it was actually due to their own pilot error, there is an enormous temptation to attempt holding you responsible. This business is fraught with liability. How do you protect yourself? One, selectivity. Who do you deal with? You deal with people. Like in my case, as soon as they want their lawyer to look at the contract, I don't want them. That's enough for me. What does it tell me? There's a person of influence in their life who only increases his power and authority and control by getting them to sue people. I'll opt out. Thank you very much. That's what I threw it with, our big corporate client. Five changes to the contract. The lawyers, it's not a civil, it's just not do it. Well, we got to do something to appease them. So we wind up, we change one sentence, which I rewrite, and everything is I get the way they want. And I say, now we got to have an understanding. None of this in the future. I don't want to be hearing about your attorney. So we agreed. Yeah, I'm sorry. And I'll look. The seminar business is, and hardly anybody talks about it, of course, by the way, but the seminar business, for example, is rife with alienation of affection lawsuits.