No matter where you are today in your business and in your life, you're just one funnel away. All right, welcome to the last video in the Funnel Hacker Cookbook Training Series. You've gone through a lot so far. We talked about funnel strategy. We talked about all the elements. We talked about the pages. Now we're talking about what pages go into each of the different funnel recipes. And this is my favorite part. This is where all the pieces should start making sense. And we're going to go over 22 different funnel types. But at the end, we're going to talk about what funnel is actually the most important one for you. So sit back, relax. Have some fun and I'll see you guys in the training. Welcome back everyone. So now what I want to start doing, now that you guys have all the foundation, we have all the elements which are ingredients that go into these page recipes. Right? I know we've covered a lot. There's a lot here. But hopefully you kind of understand that. You go back and watch the videos. It's like really ingrained. Okay, this is the stuff that goes in this page, in this page. And again, the cookbook is nice because it'll break it back down. So you'll say, okay, for the whatever, the video sales letter page, what are the actual elements and what order? Okay, I know I need a headline. I need that. That's what we need. But again, it'll show you like, this is the sections, these are the pages, these are the elements. And obviously you can always tweak stuff and add stuff. Like the nicest thing about this, I always talk about there's like the art and the science of the science is like, here's the structure. The art is like, well, maybe my video sales letter page, I'm going to add this. I'm going to change my color. You still have that free. In fact, those things are important. But the science is like, the video sales letter page looks like this. There's a logo, there's a video, there's a button, there's a thing. Like I always tell my designers, every time I get new designers, like they're so creative, they try to create all these other things. Like I want to be as creative as possible within the framework of what works. Okay, the science has been proven. Like this is something we didn't just make up. Like we've made hundreds of millions of dollars over the last decade doing these things. Like this is after us chiseling away at stones forever. Like these are the formats and the frameworks of what works. So don't mess up with those. Like they're perfect. If a new one comes out, I'll let you know. But right now, like every single thing that we have done to build a hundred million dollar business, it's these pages. That's it. And I don't use most of these pages. I would use probably 10% of them traditionally. Maybe the other ones I use in rare occasions, but almost all of them are like a few set of pages. So that's what I want you guys to understand. And then again, though, within the page though, use your creativity, add your art, add your videos, add your colors, add your art in there because that's what's going to get people to buy it. So it's going to make your offer different. But the science is perfect. Don't jack with it. We had a decade of research that proves that this stuff works. And I don't even try to break it anymore because it just, it works. And so we just use it. And someday someone figure out some new way. I'll adopt it, but until then, like this framework, it works. It's sold for us personally over $100 million for people that I know, like billions of dollars have been sold through these frameworks. So just don't mess with them. They work. Okay. All right. So with that said, the next thing is now I want you to look at each of these as ingredients. Okay. So next section in the cookbook, chapter three here, we get into funnels. We're talking about funnel recipes. Now what goes inside of funnel recipes are again our ingredients. So now that each of these pages is just an ingredient. Okay. So look at these. These are just ingredients in a funnel. That's it. Okay. And that's what I want you to look at these now. These are just, this is the milk, this is the egg, this is the flour. These are now all ingredients. Okay. And yeah, this is the exciting part. So there's four types of funnels we're going to go through. And there's tons of ways you can categorize funnels. But as I was building this, we really did like four or five times. The one that made the most sense, especially in the context of this book is there are funnels that are created to generate leads. There's funnels that are there to get to sell something, to create a buyer. There's event funnels and there's some other funnels that are kind of just weird that fit there. And so I'm going to kind of go through a bunch of types of lead funnels, buyer funnels, event funnels and other funnels. Now in this first edition of the cookbook, they're basically, they're 22 funnels that fit into here. Okay. And again, you're not going to use all 22. You're probably going to use one to three max. Okay. And every business is going to be different. I'm going to talk about it because like a chiropractor is not going to use the same funnels as an author. Like they're different. So I'm going to explain all 22 so you understand the strategy. And then at the end I'm going to talk about like, well, which one should you actually use for your specific business? Okay. All right. So these are lead funnels. So the first funnel, this is a lead funnel, is a squeeze page funnel. Inside the squeeze page funnel, there are basically two pages total cook time. If you were, if this was a rush, it was about 30 minutes. Isn't that fun? We made it actually match your recipe book. All right. So this is basically what it is. These are the two ingredients. You need a squeeze page and you need a thank you page. And that's it. There's your squeeze page. So if I'm going to make a squeeze page funnel, I need a squeeze page right here. And you thank you page. And there you go. Squeeze page funnel is done. That was easy, right? Yes. All right. Now I want to, the caveat I want to make is that don't, like for the most part stick with this, but if I set this thing up and I did everything I followed, I used funnel scripts, I had the copies good and it's not working, it might be like, well, people have come this page like, maybe the traffic is too cold. They don't know who I am yet. So maybe I need to add something. And maybe when I email my list, I drew Facebook ads, this whole thing works. But maybe when I'm on, you know, CNN.com, buying ads, it's not working. So maybe if I go on CNN, maybe I need a pre-sell page. Maybe I'm going to set up, maybe I'll set up an article. So if I'm driving to traffic CNN, I'll set up an article first so that they see it. They're, they're in CNN reading articles. The click on a button goes to my article page. And in the article, then pushes the squeeze page and then keep page. So I can add things in this really simple as they make sense. Okay. And so that's the power of the Lego system. That's why I did this in Lego. It's going to see like, it's, it's really like, doesn't have to be perfect. You can add things, you can tweak things as you'll kind of see as we're going through here. Okay. So I'm going to do a squeeze page funnel, pretty simple and pretty easy. So I'm going to get a squeeze page and then they come. Now a couple of things. I might do a squeeze page funnel and then maybe, maybe I'm going to use something different. Like again, there's different ways to do this and I'll, as we go deeper, you'll see me doing it over and over again. Okay. Next one is reverse squeeze page funnel. Again, two pages, total time 30 minutes. Really simple. Very simple one, right? I got the reverse squeeze page first. Put this down here. And then I got a thank you page. There you go. There's my reverse squeeze page. Boom, that cake wants to eat it. It's perfect, right? There it is. Once again, like maybe, maybe I have this reverse squeeze page, but maybe I want to add a quiz page in front of it. Okay. Again, I can do some of those things here or maybe instead of a thank you page, I want to add a bridge page or share page. Like I can interchange those, but again, the process is the same. Somebody opts in, then I think them and then I can do whatever I want. So I can, I can interchange different types of thank you pages here if I need to, if I want to. Next lead funnel type is the lead magnet funnel. So lead magnet funnel is very simple. I'm just going to use the lead magnet ingredient here, that page. And then I'm going to have a thank you page once again. Same concept, right? How simple this is. There you go. There's lead magnet funnel for you guys. This is almost too easy to wrestle. Why? Make this harder. All right. This one's going to be a little bit different. We're going to, we're going to make this a little tricky for you. So this one we're going to do is a bridge page funnel. Okay. So bridge page funnel, I'm going to start with a squeeze page. I'm going to grab the squeeze page here. But the cool thing about this is, is I may want to do reverse squeeze page. I can, I, I, it doesn't have to be a squeeze page. I can do a bridge funnel to reverse squeeze page. I can do it with, I can interchange that one really easily, right? But I'm going to squeeze page here and then I've got the bridge page. Boom. There's the bridge page and then I'm taking them to the next funnel. So this, this for example, it's a network marketer. So I have a squeeze page saying like, Hey, let me teach you how to get rid of something bad that you have that my product helps with, right? And like what? They opt in here and next page is like, Cool, the way I do that is by this product that I've got, it's really, really awesome. There's a company that you get to buy it from. I'm going to put the link down below. Click on the link over here and you're going to go over there. So we bridge them over to the other company, right? Anytime there's an arrow here, it means you're pushing them to the next funnel. Okay. Or if I'm the same, let's say I'm an author and I, I want to sell my book and I have a book funnel somewhere. But I'm going out to like, for example, the States meet right? I've got my books that I'm selling teaching people how to build funnels, but maybe I want to go to chiropractor because the chiropractors don't know what funnels are. So I got to, I got to bridge something. So I might say like my number one secret to get, to get 30 chiropractic leads a day in your local area. Have a squeeze page here and then you page is like, Cool, the secret is this thing called funnels. In fact, I wrote a whole book about funnels. It's called dot com secrets. I know you're chiropractor and you might not make sense, but if you look at it from that lens, this book will make total sense. Click here to go get my book and then I bridge that over to there and then they get the book and I can sell chiropractors my book because I made a bridge funnel first to connect the bridge for them in their mind or why they should care about my book. That makes sense. I love bridge funnels. These are so cool. Nobody ever uses these or talks about them. They're so awesome. All right. Next one here is a survey funnel. Survey funnels actually really, really simple. Okay. All right. So I need a quiz page right here where I'm going to ask them like who they are and figure out who they are and then I'm going to redirect them to some other funnel. Okay. If my quiz is asking you a man or a woman, then I'm going to have a man funnel and a woman funnel and that might be a VSL funnel. It might be a bridge page funnel. It could be a webinar funnel. It's different funnels. So I have a quiz page to figure out who they are and then from there I push them into whatever funnel based on the answers that they give me here. That's quiz funnel. Super easy. It's just one page one. It's basically a funnel. It's going to push them to the other funnels. Application funnels. This one's got three pages. This is one. People that are selling more expensive things. They want to lead. They want an application. It's not just like an email address. They use an application funnel. Okay. So for example, all my coaching programs are sold through these kind of things. So I would start with like a reverse squeeze page. In the reverse squeeze page, I may have a case study video or something talking about why my thing is awesome. Then they might have a button for them to opt in and then they click and it's going to have a click pop. So they click on a button. It pops up, which then I get their email address. Then I'm going to take an application page over here. It's got an application page where they can apply. Boom. And then I need a thank you page to thank them for applying. There it is right here. And boom. There is my application funnel. I can launch my high ticket program now. It was that easy. Is that awesome you guys? There you go. Now, once again, I'm ahead of this funnel right here, but like maybe I'm driving traffic on Facebook and nobody's opting in here. It's like, well, maybe they're, they need to be warmed up first. Let me warm them up. Let me, I'm going to do a presale page. It tells my story first. I'm sending to the presale page first and then they'll go through this process here. Oh, that'd be cool. Or what if, what if they go through this process instead of just saying thanks at the end? What if I say you should buy something? So if I throw a video sales letter at the end, I say buy the whole thing and then I'm going to throw a video sales letter here that's like, hey, thanks so much for buying. You should buy my other thing and then they're going to give me money. They're going to buy that and then I will, I will thank them. Oh, cool. So the funnel structure is still the same, but I just like, hey, I added a presale page and maybe at the back of it, I added a way for them to buy the next thing. It's just simple. It's just like, oh, cool. There's an evolution of how I might make this even better in the future. Okay. All right. Steven, do you want to help me? Okay. I'm going to have Steven help me with these, because I'm going to take forever to go back for it. So he will, this is Steven Larson for everyone who doesn't know me. Give him a round of applause. He is actually my funnel builder, assistant funnel builder in the office. We sit next to each other building funnels all day and now we're going to build flagos together. All right. So there's an application funnel. So while he's putting those back, I'm going to start the Ask Campaign funnel. This is another way to get leads. So the Ask Campaign, again, is very simple. I just need, do we have an often page over there? Squeeze page. There we go. Okay. We've got a squeeze page. And then we need a thank you page. I think you paid right there. Do we have an ask page, don't we? I need the ask page. This is when we got to update in the cookbook. Okay. So we need ask page and then thank you page. Boom. So we asked them a question. What's your number? A question about blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. They give me the email address. Boom. And then we say thank you. And that's it. But again, I could be like, thank you so much. You should go buy my thing. Or by the way, instead of this thank you page, we have an offer wall. Like, thanks so much for giving me your answer. By the way, I've got three other products you should go check those out as well. I push them through the offer wall. So I can just replace thank you pages really simply, really easily. All right. Throw that bad boy back over there. All right. Now we're going to, so that's a bunch, those are the different types of lead funnels. So there's ones to get email addresses really easy. There's ones to train. There's ones to get applications. But those are ways we're just getting leads for the most part. We're not really selling in people anything yet. Okay. So first one is a two step trip wire funnel. Probably one of my favorites in the world. Step one is a two step order form page. Boom. Number two is then we need an upsell page. They just bought this thing. We have an upsell and then we're also going to get them a down sell because maybe they don't want the whole thing. And then we need an offer wall page. Boom. And there we go. And there you guys is a two step order form. So I'm going to summarize my free book that we upsell them my traffic training. We upsell them or we downsell them the digital version of traffic training. And then we push them out to other free plus shipping funnels. And there is two step trip wire funnel. So good. That cake is so good. I love it. And again, I could be like, oh, we need to start converting and throw a presale page in there. Boom. Now presale and I would go in. Awesome. It's working really, really good. Or maybe if you'd be like, I don't want to do down sell because I don't have a product of down sell. So you can get rid of one too. You don't have to have like every single page. I can get rid of a down sell or maybe I have two upsells. Maybe I have an upsell one and an upsell two. I can interchange those really easily within the framework of how the two step trip wire funnel works. Okay. Video sales letter funnel. All right. So the first thing we do is the video sales letter order form page. I like the order form page again because all my tests have had a video sales letter order form underneath it have one. So I'm going to do that. Number two going for an OTO. Boom. And we're offering a down sell as well. And then we've got an offer wall. There you go. There is the video sales letter funnel. Pretty simple, right? Yes. All right. Now next one is the sales letter funnel. Now notice, I do sales letter funnel. It's almost identical. The only difference is that instead of a VSL, you trade me for a sales letter. Or sales letter order form. What's the order form? Oh, actually we do two things. Let's do sales letter. Sorry. Let's do this one. Okay. And then let's do, because they could just do sales letter and then maybe I still need an order form though. An actual order form. Give me a traditional order form. This actually works. And there you go. So I've got sales letter. This one has the order form in the page, but I didn't want it in the page because I think that's tacky and I want to have a separate page. Whatever reason you have, you come up with. So I broke it out and I just made a traditional sales letter. Click the order form. And from there, then we got the up sell, down sell, offer wall. And there you go. There is the video. There's the sales letter funnel. Our next one is the membership funnel, which is actually very, very similar to this one. So this one we're going to start with the video sales letter. There you go. We did the video sales plus order form for this one. All right. Video sales are order form and then we just went directly to an offer wall page. Boom. And then we got the membership access. What happened here is somebody went to the video sales letter where I pitched them on the membership site. Then I thanked them saying thanks so much for buying. And then they went to a page where they create their account and they logged into the members area. So there it is. Video sales letter funnel. Maybe I sell something on my membership site, but I'm like, that's awesome, but I've got this really cool thing I could upsell them. So all I'm going to do is I can easily add an up sell to this funnel and store it. So I'm going to buy this membership site. Now I have an up sell for maybe a live event or my live training or whatever. Throw it in there. And boom. Same thing. The process still works. Maybe this is working good, but it's not, or maybe it's not converting yet. I'm going to throw a quiz in the front of it. I can add a little thing like that. The funnel structure still stays the same. Okay. And what I'm adding is usually something I'm adding to the front or I'm adding a second up sell. But the core framework doesn't deviate. It doesn't change. Okay. Next funnel type is an invisible funnel. All right. So the visible funnel, we're going to do video sales letter page plus the order form once again. Yes, I love this one. It's one of my favorite ones. There's like four or five of these things almost every time. So what an invisible funnel is different than a traditional funnel. It's how you sell the product. So if you talk about it in the dot com secret book, basically like a good example is we have our double your reading program where it's like a sign up for this thing. Howard Berg is going to double your reading. If he doesn't, basically like you put your credit card in, we don't bill you right now. And then you go through the training and if he doubles your reading, then you pay, then basically three days later or five days later, we bill your credit card. So call an invisible funnel because it's basically like you get them results first. Like sign up. If you're in the dating market, sign up, go through the training this weekend and go get a date this weekend. If you don't get a girl, let us know and we'll, we'll cancel your account. We've done it in like so many different markets. We did it in couponing. We did it in a bunch of things. That's kind of concept is, is the way you position the sale, but the funnel is very similar. You have ESL order from our page, then the offer wall. And again, we could add other things as well, but that's the core structure that you should not deviate from when you're doing an invisible funnel style webinar. Now, all right, daily deal funnels. So this one, the companies made these famous are like Groupon and Living Social. I'm sure you guys are familiar with these. That's what a daily deal funnel is. These are really good funnels for offline style businesses. And this is how it kind of worked. One of the funnels is you got a really good offer. So we're going to do video two step order form. There you go. Two step order form. And then we got a share page. So for example, I, if I was, if I was a retail business, I wanted to do this, I'd go to Groupon. I would type in, I would Google or I'd search inside Groupon for like the semi chiropractor or laser hair removal, whatever. I'd see all the offers people are doing. I'd create a similar offer that's currently working on like Groupon or Living Social, whatever. And I would make that offer right here. If somebody gets it, then the page right here is like, thanks so much for getting it. Please share this with your friends and your family members. It gets offered to everybody possible. So you can replicate what happens in Groupon, your own thing, and then you're going to keep the customers and you don't have to do a big launch that lasts for like 24 hours. You can like have an evergreen thing that's consistently bringing you in customers. And that's kind of what a daily deal funnel is. All right. Okay. Now we're going to start transitioning to our actual event funnels. So those are the core buyer funnels. So now we're at the event funnels. The first one is the webinar funnel. And with the webinar funnel, the one caveat is that in a webinar funnel, you're using some third-party service. Like go to webinar, webinar jam, zoom, something else. So we're registering for webinar, but they're registering through a third-party service because we don't do live webinars. So first is the webinar registration page. So they register. If they register, it registers them also on, again, the third-party service. Boom. And there's confirmation page saying, thank you. Then we've got indoctrination emails that will go out to them. So they're going to get emails, pre-selling them, and we'll have a bunch of emails there. And after they watch the webinar live, on go to webinar or whatever, then in the indoctrination pages, the emails will then push them back to the replay room to watch the replay afterwards. Is that it, right? There you go. There is your actual webinar funnel. Very simple. All right. Now if we're going to change this a little bit, the next one is an automated webinar funnel. Automated webinar funnel is very similar. The only big difference here is that the webinar is actually happening here inside of a broadcast room. So I'm going to take this. Someone's going to register for the webinar. We're going to thank them. There's really indoctrination emails that are coming out and warming them up to whatever you're going to sell. But then the broadcast actually happens inside of a ClickFunnels page. And then the replays also happen in ClickFunnels pages. So it's very similar except for the broadcast happens here as opposed to in some third-party service. That's how the automated webinar ones work. All right. Next is a product launch funnel. This is going to be hard because we only have one of these. That's all right. Where's the page at? There it is. Product launch page. So the product launch page, the way it typically works, is you're going to have one page looks like this and then two pages look like this and three pages. You have three of these pages. So three of these blocks, page one, page two, page three. This is the first video to watch, second video, the third video to watch, and then the fourth one will then be the product launch page with the order form in it. So imagine three of these. The only thing I might add this as well is a lot of times before you get someone into your launch, typically what a lot of people do is they'll have a reverse squeeze page on the front of it. So I have a reverse squeeze page saying, we're doing this live training about whatever over the next four weeks, this is going to be awesome. And they talk about it and then give us your email address down below. So we'll go through reverse squeeze page and then go into this product launch sequence where they get day one, they get the first video, four or five days later, video number two, video number three, and the last one comes here with the cart so they can actually order. So there you go on that one. And now we're going to talk about some of the other funnels. These are ones we put in there because people always want them, but I don't know if they're that as important. So some of them are, some of them are. Okay, the first one is the hero funnel. So this is basically really two pages. Here's number one is you having the ability to talk about yourself, share your bio, give your links to all the different things. So we can click on a thing and it click pops up and then we throw it into the thank you page and there you go. There's your hero funnel. Boom. In fact, new click funnels onboarding. Our first goal is to get everybody to create a hero page. And anyway, you'll see the new process is pretty cool. You get a cool little hero badge that has Batman on it. It's so awesome. So there's a hero page. All right. Number two is our homepage funnel. So this is where you have a traditional style homepage. Click pops coming back in and then we got thank you page again. That was very similar. So homepage is like, Hey, here's my, here's the way I'm, here's all stuff I sell. Here's links on my different products. You click on that and it goes to opt in and then you can push into the pages. You can push into different funnels and things like that. So that's kind of homepage funnel works. All right. Next one here is the cancellation funnel. This is one that we, when was it Todd put this into place and click funnels, pay four or five months ago now. Single handedly, probably one of the things that's made us the most amount of money in our business. And it was just like so stupid. We talked about it for like a year, like, Oh yeah, we're going to do that. We're going to do that. We never did. And Todd, one day got angry and that a lot of good stuff happens when Todd gets angry. Typically. He's like, I'm just going to do it. So he basically, what he did is he went, he took a quiz page and then he took an article page a few times and he said, okay, someone clicks on the cancellation button, took him to page and said, why do you want to cancel? Like, uh, it had options. Like it's too expensive. I'm broke. I hate click funnels. Lee Page is better. Like all these like things, right? And whatever thing they clicked on, it took them to an article page saying, you seriously think Lee Page is a better? Come on now. Come on, right? Or it's too expensive for you. Well, we have a smaller option. You can downgrade or you're not using it. Let me train you on how to use them. I'm going to be free training course on how to do it. And so based on what they, they, the reason that you're giving us to cancel, we had different responses back here to address their thing and try to do whatever they needed to save the, to save the sale. Um, I don't know exact numbers, but it took our churn down dramatically. It going to the biggest, um, biggest things we've ever done in our funnels to make money. I think every single person's got a membership site, got products, got a refund department, anything you should have cancellation funnel. You'll save so much money by taking people through cancellation funnel. Storefront funnel. This is a more just for like e-commerce people and it's just one page. It's a page. Yay. Here's all the crap I sell. Click here to go to the funnels where I can actually sell it to you and profit. And yeah, that's kind of storefront funnel is it's just, here's all the stuff you sell and push them to the actual funnels you have where you sell those, those things. All right. Next is a summit funnel. Uh, some people do tell us something like that. Summit funnel starts with, I think it's a pre-sell page, right? Yep. So a pre-sell page talks about, here's all the speakers are going to be on my cool tell us something. They're awesome. Then you go to register, you click on the click pop, put the name email address in, boom. And then on the next page is where we would upsell them. I think we have a VSL plus order form. Traditionally, this is, if you guys have ever done tell summits or seen them in part of them, usually someone will register for a tell summit for free to get access to all the live trainings and then they'll be upsell for like the recordings, the transcripts or things like that. And then at the end of it, you would share that with your friends and get them into your tell summit as well. I say tell summit, any kind of summit webinar summit, live summit, things like that. So there's a summit funnel. Next one is the live demo funnel. Live demo funnel is, like an example, is us doing funnel Fridays every single Friday. We do that because it is insanely profitable. I think one of the biggest mistakes people make is that their customers never see them drinking their own Kool-Aid. So we started doing this because I wanted our customers to see that I actually use click funnels every single day. And so we started doing it. Once a week, we do this live show. Basically, it's a live demo page. I mean, doing the thing. People can opt in to get on the notification list to get back to it. And then we thank them. And then down here, we have links that push to all other funnels. I probably shouldn't say live video. Trackable. We make a lot of money. That's why we keep doing it every single week. I think every single person who has a product or a service they sell, which hopefully is all business owners, should have a weekly show where you just get on and you're not pitching or selling, you're just using your product. I tell every network marketer like that. If I was a network marketing, I would do a show with me using my product every single week consistently. I would just always have that over and over and over again. Yeah, almost every business should be demoing, showing you the fact, user software, or your product or service, people love it. All right. Those are the 22 funnel types. All right. Thank you, Stephen. Let's give him a round of applause for being helping. Thank you. All right. Okay. So what we're doing now is, now that you've kind of seen, again, we've gone from elements, go into pages, pages go into funnels. And the next strategy is what we call funnel stacking. And this is the next piece I want you guys to understand of how all these things tie together. So I wrote a book a little while ago called Funnel Stacking, the three core funnels. And it was showing kind of the three funnels we have in our business. So for my business, we basically have like trip wire for funnels, which then lead people to webinar funnels, then the high ticket funnels. I told you before that most businesses probably have two or three types of funnels that they leverage primarily. I share 22 with them, but you're not going to be doing 22. You're going to be doing probably two or three max is what each type of business should be using. So you have to figure out which one is the right funnel, right? We'll talk about that. But what's interesting that a lot of people understand is that the first funnel that I have typically doesn't make me any money, okay, or very little money. In fact, my goal, our internal goal as a company, when we launch a new funnel, it's a front end funnel. We call these break even funnels. My goal is to break even. I want to create a funnel. I want to like my book, like I sell my book on Facebook, right? My goal is not to become hugely rich by selling the book. My goal is to break even, right? I can spend a dollar in advertising and I get that dollar back out here in the initial funnel. And what happens is I get the most valuable thing for every single business. You get a customer. And if you treat that customer right, they will continue to buy from you until you either stop selling them stuff or unless you offend them. So now I start taking them here to other funnels where I start selling them different products and services to help improve what it is that, help make whatever I sold them even better, right? And that's kind of the journey here on the backside of it. And so it's important to understand that. So like in my business, I have these front end funnels where I sell books and things like that. And my goal is to break even, but I get a customer, then I invite those customers to the webinars. And anybody who buys anything on the webinar, it's 100% pure profit. So I don't have to buy that. I don't have to pay Facebook or Google for that customer again. I've got them and then I send them to the next one and this is pure profit and this is pure profit. So you call this funnel stacking. Most businesses will have multiple funnels. The first funnel, again, the goal is to break even. Second funnel is where you start making profit. Okay, a lot of people go in this and create their first funnel and they launch and they're like, oh, I only broke even or oh, I lost a little bit of money. I'm like, in our office, when we break even, we start celebrating and dancing. Every time we break even, we know it's at least a million dollar a year funnel. We start going crazy. Like we broke even. If we make a profit on the first end funnel, like we literally have, I get that. That's a huge deal. It doesn't happen that often. If we break even, that means we won. Okay? And so we got to get that mindset happening with people because a lot of times they do this thing, they put it together, they launch it and I didn't make any money and then they walk away from it. It's like, no, you didn't lose money and you got customers. You have 10, 50, 100, 1,000 customers now that you can sell other products and other services to. You talked about before at the beginning of the day, whoever can spend the most money to acquire a customer wins. Okay? And the way we do that is by having these funnels. There's two ways. Number one is get somebody to give you like $30 million to inject in your company and give most of it to them, which sucks. Or number two is like have a break even funnel where that liquidates the cost of the customer and then everything else after that becomes pure profit. So those are the two ways to grow a business. This way is way better because you don't have to give your equity up to a bunch of people who don't love what you do as much as you do. Okay? So here's an example of like our trip wire funnel. This is my .com secrets book. When someone came here, this is some stats I pulled from about a year ago from this timeframe just so you can get some ideas, percentages, numbers to kind of help. So with this book, we spent out 200,000 visitors during this time. And from that, about 35,000 people filled in step one in the two step order form and 27,636 actually filled in their credit card. So about 14% of the people who hit the page actually bought the book. Okay? So then on the next over here, we have this little thing called the order form bumps on the two step order form, right? Where we up, we upsold the audio book version of my book for $37. Okay? And this is a testimonial from someone else started adding order form bumps. It'll like change your life overnight. And so we look at like my average card value so far just from the sales page is I made $219,760 from that, from those people. How many was that? From these 27,000 people that bought 27,000 books, so far I made that much money, how much we collected just on this page right here. Boom, on two step order form page. Okay? That's the first page. That much came from the shipping cost, that much came from the bump. Actually, that was total revenue. $106,000 came from this page right here. And so my average card value for every book we sold for the 20,000 divided by this number, we averaged $18.31 so far for everyone who bought the book through page number one so far, right? So I mean, so far I can spend $18.31 to sell a book and I still break even. Okay? But that's just the first page in the funnel. There's more pages. Okay? So then we go to page number two and it's like, hey, wait, I want to sell you something really, really cool. So I have an upsell in here, right? I have an upsell and I'm like, this is a really cool course called Instant Traffic Hacks. It's $197. You guys should buy it. Now unfortunately, not everybody bought it, which makes me kind of sad, but 4% of the people did buy it, which is awesome. That means I have 20,000 people saw this page, 1200 people bought it. If you do the math on that, that is an additional $250,000 that I got from that little Lego right there. I love that Lego. It's awesome. Now it's about my average card value. It's now $27.39. So now I can spend $29.79 to be able to sell a book. The author can do that. And I'm not done yet. That was upsell number one. They're going to transition now to upsell number two. Upsell number two, same kind of thing. Only 2% of people bought it. Oh, it's kind of a bummer. Only 2% of people bought it. But the nice thing about that, 2% of those people is 439 people bought the next thing, which equaled an additional $130,000 in cash. So now my average card value on this one was up to $32.10. I can now spend $32.10 and still break even. You guys getting this? All right. This is pretty cool, right? And then on the thank you page, I took this page and I thank you so much for ordering the book. By the way, I got a bunch of other really cool stuff that you should buy as well. Here's links to it. I had an offer wall and then pushed them into all these other front ends that I had. Now I didn't track that deep to see all the other things. That's all just pure profit. Pushed people into my other funnels and sending them up. Okay? Now the coolest thing is that I said, we're at $32.00, I can spend to acquire a customer. It typically doesn't cost me $32.00 to acquire a customer. For my book offer right now, like I said, it's anywhere from on the low end $5.00 to get a customer to the high end about $20.00. So I'm profitable. Now we're not always profitable. Some things we go less on. Longer funnel runs, especially to like one traffic source. After a while, it'll start getting less and less effective so the ad costs will go up. So like it'll go from $5.00 to $10.00 to $15.00 to $20.00 to $25.00 to $30.00. It gets closer and closer to break even. It hits about break even. We stop the ads and then we shift to a different front end funnel. And so that's how our business whole works. But it's all about getting customers for as close to break even as possible. Because we're break even. Now I got a customer. So I got a break even customer. Now I can take them to the next thing. And all of those 20,000 people that bought the book, I take them to here. And if I get 5% to buy my $1,000 thing on the webinar, that's all pure profit. That's how we build huge companies. That's the secret behind this thing. It's actually stacking these funnels one on top of the other. So again, we're going to spend the most money to acquire customer wins. Okay. The next thing I want to do is I want to spend a few minutes on this part right here. There are a lot of funnel consultants out there. We've trained a lot of funnel consultants. We have certification program. So there are a lot of people out there. But I want everyone here and we're watching this video. I want you guys to become your own funnel consultants. Okay. That's the whole goal that's cookbook. If you could figure out like what is it I should be doing and how should I be doing it. And so I'm going to give you some hints. I'm going to go through what I would do if I was in your traditional businesses. And hopefully it'll help steer you in the right direction. But at the same time, it's got to be your own creativity. As you start playing this, it's like, okay, I've got these assets. So I think I'm going to do this. I'm going to put this. I'm going to do some things. And you can start with any of the core 22 funnel templates we've given you. And you start with that and then start tweaking things and adding things and just having fun with it. Okay. Now, inside of our company, there's basically, we did a huge survey. We had about 30,000 customers. That's how many I think we did. Big survey to all of our audience. We found out that basically in my market, the people use about the six different business types that use click funnels. So for everyone in this room and everyone at home watching this, your business probably fits into one of these six categories. So I'm going to go through each of the categories and then I'm going to talk about like what funnels I would use if I was in those categories. So the first one, and this is one we probably have the most click funnels members are people that fall into this. They're the authors, speakers, coaches, or consultants. That's the first category. Does anyone sell, excuse me, anyone selling information products, books, masterminds, events, anything like that. They all fall into this type of business. Now if I was any of those type of people, which I am, these are the three funnels I would use. I would do a two step free plus shipping funnel. Just like I do my books. If you ever read a book that's okay, I would find something else. One of my best two free plus shipping things ever was literally, it was a piece of paper with a script on it and a DVD of me teaching the script. That was it. We printed a piece of paper, burned a DVD and send it out. That one out converted all my books, which makes me sad because I spent a lot of time writing books. So you don't even have to write a book. Just find something cool that can become a free plus shipping or something like that. Some people don't want to do free plus shipping. You can do buy the book and get free shipping and conversion rates will almost be the same. So if you don't want to do that. So I would do a two step funnel. I would also do a webinar funnel. If you read my expert secrets book, the whole book is about why you should do webinar funnels and gives you the webinar scripts and the webinar process and everything. But I would do a webinar funnel because this is one of the best ways to sell your expertise, to sell yourself as an author, speaker, coach, consultant. The last thing I would do is a high ticket application funnel because this is the way you can sell high end consulting. It's hard to sell like 10, 25, $100,000 coaching through just an order form. It's hard. One reason is because people's banks won't allow a $25,000 order on a traditional order form. You have to get on the phone with somebody to make that happen. So we have an application funnel. Somebody come here, they'll watch a video, they'll opt in, they'll apply and someone from our team will call them and then sell them the more expensive thing. So if I'm an author or speaker, those are my funnels. This one's easy because if you've read my funnel stacking book, I go through my three core funnels. I literally say, okay, this is my book funnel, this is my webinar funnel and this is how they all hook together. So it's easier in this market because it's been done so many times by us and other people but those are the ones I would use. The second business type is professional services. So inside of professional services, we've grouped like chiropractors, real estate agents, dentists, CPAs, financial, insurance advisors and how much more. There's a lot of segments I wish we could name all of them but there's a whole bunch of segments that fit in that. So a lot of people are professional services. So if I was in professional services, what funnels would I use? So the first thing I would use is I would use some kind of hero funnel. I was joking about it earlier but hero funnels are important for things like that. If I was going to work with somebody, a lot of times I would want to know their story. My buddy, Dr. Wollner who's a chiropractor, he tried all sorts of traditional advertising and struggle and one thing he did is he put up a page of the video of him telling his story and he started advertising buying ads to that and it built connection with him. When most chiropractors here in Boise and there's one on every corner, two or three on some of the corners, they're everywhere and everyone's selling like get a free neck adjustment, get a free exam, get free, everyone's trying to pitch free, free, free and they're all going to the bottom of the bucket and fighting on price. Chad was doing that for a while and then I remember he came to me and he was asking me, how's all this marketing stuff you do? How does this work? And I was like, well, you got to share your story, I got to share connection, I get people to connect with you. And I was like, well, why are you a chiropractor? And he was like, well, you know, because it pays well and things like that. I'm like, no, what was the real story why you're a chiropractor? And he said, well, the real reason is when I was in college, I was actually going to be a dentist and I was going to dental school and that was the path of my life. And then we got a car wreck and my wife got really hurt, got really, really bad. And she said, we went to doctors, went to all sorts of things, did x-rays and could never get her back to feel better. And one day we took her to a chiropractor and the chiropractor took her and just her within seconds, she felt better. And I remember watching him adjust my wife and I was like, man, if I could do that for other people, that would be the coolest thing in the world is that I want to become a chiropractor. So he changed his major and shifted to chiropractor because of that experience. I was like, you need to tell that story. So he captured himself on video telling that story, put it up here, started driving ads to it and suddenly people saw those things and they connected with him as the person, him as the hero. And what happened is that because they knew who he was and they trusted and they knew his story, people would drive past 10, 20, 30 different chiropractors to get to him because they got connection with him. So I'd have some kind of hero funnel telling your story so it gets you stopped being a commodity. So many of professional services, people are in a commodity based business, we're all fighting to the lowest thing. And the more you can build your personality and brand and connection, the better you can do. Number two is I would do a reverse squeeze page. I would look at what services I offer and what I would do is I'd make a video of me teaching like this thing, like let me tell you about why I do blah, my financial advisor, maybe there's some really cool track tax strategy. I would have a video of me talking about the tax strategy and the end of it, like if you want more information on this, put your email address down below or maybe your name and your phone number or whatever. And I'm going to give you some more information over here or I'm going to have some from my team call you. I would make videos like this training on the cool things that I can do and then by ads there to get leads. And last thing I would do if I was in professional service, I would definitely do some kind of webinar. A lot of professional services are built right now where people will run ads and they'll get people to come to a hotel room or they'll go to their companies and try to do presentations. You can do the same thing online with the webinar funnel, do a presentation, teaching your stuff and sell people in masses just like you do at a live event or a hotel meeting and things like that. So if I was in professional services, those are the funnels I would begin with for sure. Okay? All right. Retail. Now retail is one that people always like, well, I'm in retail, Russell, how is this going to work for me? So retail is huge obviously and I couldn't put them all in there but I'm saying like restaurants, gyms, spas and slums, entertainment, auto shops, any type of retail brick and mortar type place, I would bundle into this. Okay? So if I was in retail, what I would do, I would probably start with some kind of daily deal funnel. Okay? Now I would look at Groupon, look at living socially. What other people in my industry running as offers? I would create an offer like that. Now I'm not a big believer in discounting your stuff really, really big which is what most Groupon things. I would try to like, instead of discounting my price really, really big, I would try to bundle and make a really good offer. So instead of like saying, hey, instead of, you know, instead of dinners normally $100 in my restaurant, I'll give it to you for $20 like it's normally happening on Groupon, I'd actually make a better offer. Coming for $100 for your normal dinner and what we'll do is if it's your birthday, we're going to do this, this and this, you're going to get free ice cream or free cake or something that they're buying the core thing but you're bundling and making it better. So that's why I just kind of shift how I do my Groupon offers and I would run that every single day to your new customer acquisition. And number two, I'd have a storefront with all different products I sold because a lot of people come in and they have no idea what you're even selling. I can't tell you how many times I go into a local brick and mortar thing to buy one thing, to get my breaks checked, to get, to purchase something and they have this whole suite of other things I don't even know about. So as people are coming into my store, I would get their email addresses and I'd send them here like, hey, here's other stuff that we offer as well. And then I'd have a storefront with all different products and they can click on those, go to funnels where I actually sell each of those individual products. And then the last thing I would do is I would do some kind of application funnel for higher end services. Most retail places, again, it's a commodity based thing where everyone's fighting towards the bottom. If I was owning a retail store, I would try to make the most expensive. One of my mentors said that if you can't be the lowest price leader, there's no strategic advantage to being the second lowest price leader. I have a big belief in that. So I would like, how do I become the most expensive car shop in town? How do I make things exclusive? I only work on the most expensive cars. And I would try to figure out how to like, posture and position myself and make an application funnel for that where people actually had to apply to use my services. And maybe have a restaurant and doesn't make, you know, like that doesn't make sense. People come in all the time, but I have people come in by saying, look, this week come in, but we have a separate spot over here. We've got a chef that's dedicated to special people, special events or something and have people apply for that, for the ability to come to the most, to the higher end things. And those are the funnels I would use if I was in e-commerce, or excuse me, if I was in retail. Okay, e-commerce. So this is kind of business in anyone in e-commerce, like anyone who's selling any kind of physical products online. So Amazon, Shopify, Etsy, eBay, online stores and a whole bunch more, right? It's funny because this is by far the fastest growing segment inside of ClickFunnels. There's people who are selling stuff on Amazon and then Amazon kicks them out and they're freaking out and they lose control of their destiny. Like Funnels is how you control your destiny as an e-commerce person. And so I've had a really cool chance to see tons of different e-commerce people coming in and seeing what's actually working. So here are the things that are working the best in e-commerce. Number one, excuse me, would be like a daily deal, a tight funnel. If your product or service is matched towards that. Okay, we have a really good offer. Again, not necessarily discounting, but making a really cool bundle. You can consistently sell over and over and over and over again. Number two, again, it's having a storefront. Here's all the products and services we sell. You can send leads to that. You can send traffic to other things like that, which is then linked to individual funnels. And then the individual funnels I linked to would be the two-step tripwire funnels. I've seen people make tens of millions of dollars in e-commerce with tripwire funnels. Basically the way that this works is a typical e-commerce thing, you have a cart, right? Like someone goes to Amazon and they pick your product and then they see all the other stuff and they start adding this cart. And half the products aren't even yours, right? They're picking this thing and they have a cart and at the end of it they go and they buy the thing. And how many times do you get to the end of that thing and you're like, I actually don't want all this stuff? Or your wife calls, your kid's calling, you leave and you never actually complete the order. Happens all the time. So what this is, it kind of takes the traditional shopping cart and it flips it outside. When you start and you lead with your best selling product, what's the best thing you possibly have to sell? It's the best front end, it's going to get the most people in and you have a really good offer on that and someone buys it. And this turns into a cart, we kind of nicknamed this one also cart funnels, but it's the same process where this is like a cart. But instead of waiting until the very end and then charging at the end, I sell my best thing, the best offers, they put their credit card in and I get their name, they email their credit card, they bought it and then I come through and I start upselling them the other things they would have in their cart. So far the biggest grossing funnel inside of ClickFunnels was the e-commerce funnel. I'm not privy to share the details, but basically it was a flashlight on the front end, they upsold more flashlights and they upsold shipping plans, they upsold warranties, they upsold cases, they upsold bags, like whole bunch of stuff in the scene. Same way as someone to go if they were going to Amazon and buy this and they would add all these things to a cart, he just bought, sold the first thing really good and then said, hey, do you want this? Do you want this? Do you want this? And all of these from here like one click up, so someone clicks once, those are cart, clicks once, those are cart. So I'm taking this whole cart model and we're flipping it around and taking it through a funnel. So if I was in any kind of e-commerce, these were the funnels that I would be focusing on 100%. Next are B2B, business to business. I always think people are like, well, this doesn't work for B2B, Russell. It makes me laugh because it works great for all, you know, stuff actually only works for businesses that need leads or customers. So if you need leads or customers like this works for your business, otherwise you're screwed. So yes, B2B people, I think they want leads or customers. So anything, the product, services, consulting, equipment, there's a million B2B things. Some reason people think because there's something to business that things are different. It's not. People are still people. It doesn't change. So a couple things I would do. There's probably two core funnels I would do. If I was in B2B, I would do webinar funnel. I would try to get the decision makers and the people onto a live event where I can do my presentation, demo my products, my services, my whatever it is. I would demo it and I'd sell it on a live webinar funnel. Number two is I would shift my posturing and positioning instead of being someone who's out there hustling for jobs. I would completely transform that and I would make people apply to work with me. I'd have a really good case study here about the result that I got for some other business showing that just a big case study, a white paper, whatever you want to call it of that business. I would share that and then I would send people there and then after they see the result I got for that company, I'm opt in. Then I have a page they can apply it. They want to work with us. You got to apply it with someone our team will call you and then we call them and sell them the consulting or whatever the packages, the equipment, whatever it is you're selling for your specific company. All right. Then the last type of business that we're going to cover here that fits into our six core businesses are network and affiliate marketers. These people who aren't traditionally selling their own products, they're selling somebody else's products. They might be distributors, affiliates, they're doing home parties, direct sales and a whole bunch more. This is probably the question I get more than anything is what kind of funnel should I use if I'm in network marketing? I get that over and over and over again and I always smile and the answer is always the same. These are the funnels I would use. The first one is a bridge page funnel because every single time somebody asks me about my product or my service, I'm not going to send directly to the corporate website. I'm just not going to do that. I'm going to have them go and put their name in. I'm going to figure out what's the result that my product or service gets for somebody. I'm going to make a really good squeeze page here talking about like, hey, do you want to find out how to get this result? Give me your email address. I'm going to tell you. They give me the email address and then on the next page, I grab the bridge page and I say, okay, the result you want is this. This is the product that I use that gets me that result. Down below there's a link that's going to take you to a page where you can buy that. By the way, if you want to learn how to become a distributor, whatever that might be, I'm going to use the bridge page there and push them over. Number two is what we call a webinar funnel. We've heard of these before. We call these, the network marketing issue, we call these home party funnel or hotel meeting funnels. Because think about this. How traditional network marketing companies are built is that there would be a speaker at a hotel every Tuesday night at the Holiday Inn and people would come and they'd bring their friends and they'd bring their friends and the speaker to be on stage. You would present the thing, the other thing, people would go run the back, they'd sign up for the network marketing program and the speaker would say, hey, I'm coming back next Tuesday, bring your friends and family members and we'll do this again. That's how companies were built up from scratch and built huge things. Same thing happens on a webinar funnel. I do a webinar, I do my presentation, I get people to sign up. I tell people to bring people back to the webinars next week and that would be exactly what I do over and over and over. I do a live event every single week until it's a pijillionaire. I remember my goals were. That would be it. I do it over and over and over again. That's the webinar funnel. The last one, network marketing, people do home parties. This is what we call, we nicknamed this one the home party funnel, which is just the live demo funnel. It's me doing a video. If I was in network marketing company that was selling some kind of supplement, I would do a show like this in my kitchen, every single day talking about I do this, I do this, and it's how I make my product and it's drinking. It's awesome. I do it show every single week, just like a home party. I would do that. I would share it with people. I'd sign them up and I'd have people bring back next, we're doing another home party next Friday, bring your friends and family, be part of it. I'd be doing virtual home parties through the live demo funnel as well. Those are the funnels I'd be using if I was in any of those six industries. With that said, I want you guys thinking about, my goal with this is for all of you guys to be able to be your own funnel consultants. That gives you some framework. These are probably the best ones to start with my specific business. Then go through the cookbook and say, okay, I'm going to start with this one. Then putting it together. Again, let's say it's reverse squeeze page to a VSL order form. To offer a wall. That's the funnel you decide to pick. Do it. In the beginning, don't get super fancy pants the first time around. It's going to be like, oh, I think I'll just do the funnel that's in the book. Take that, put it together. Use funnel scripts to get the copy done on the pages. Make sure the things are right. Get your pictures, replace everything, get it to work and it's just done. Then go and you're going to start driving traffic. Start sending people into these funnels and see what happens. Then if it's not working, that's when you come back. Okay, I'm going to tweak this. I'm going to change the off wall page for this. You can flip and flop things out really, really easily. But at first, just use the processes in the cookbook. I would say 95% of every circumstance, all the funnels we use, it's using the exact template that I show you guys in this book. People always think it's some fancy magic trick. It's not. If you look at the .com secrets book funnel, it's simple. The extra secrets book funnel is the exact same funnel. For webinar secrets funnel, it's the exact same funnel. My webinar funnel, I think I have about six or seven active webinars. It's all the exact same funnel. My high ticket coaching, my certification program, all the exact same high ticket funnel. They work. Don't deviate from them. I don't want everyone reinventing the wheel. This is the science. You need to spend time on the art and if you're doing what you're saying in your videos and your headlines and all that kind of stuff. The science part, it just works. We've broken it down as simple as possible through these Legos. Basically this gives you guys what you need to be able to really understand the frameworks and how they all work together. Kind of to recap everything here in the cookbook. It all starts with the ingredients. Starts with the elements. You get all the elements and there's about 50 of them right now. You learn those things, understand the elements. Usually you'll understand the elements and you pick each page and you're like, okay, for this page to work, what are the ingredients I need? I need a little bit of this in here. I need a little bit of this in here. I got these ingredients in there and boom. Now I've got the page. Awesome. Now you've got the page figured out in here. I can't know which one of these pages do I need. For that funnel that I want, it's these three pages. You just figure out the ingredients for each page and that quick it's done. That's how simple this is. The one thing we've done inside the cookbook to make this as easy as possible, we actually have an online version of the cookbook as well. It'll show you the 22 funnel types and we try to make it as smart as possible so you can say, okay, I am a network marketer. My goal is to generate leads and whatever. You select a couple things and what happens, 22 funnels, it'll say, you're this, boom, half of them will disappear. You click this, more disappear. It gets down to like, here's the two or three funnels you should actually use. Where I am a chiropractor, so I'm a business professional, I'm trying to sell a workshop, you click up buttons and the 22 will disappear down to two or three and you're like, okay, that's the ones I want. Then the other cool thing we've done is we've tried to do all the design stuff. You guys will see when you get into the online version of the cookbook where if you decide this is the funnel type I want, the page design from page one to page two to page three will match all the way through the actual funnel. So you don't have to go and redesign every single page. That design will match the whole thing. So you pick one of the designs and you can run with it. We've got a whole bunch of free designs for every single one and then we also have a marketplace of really good designers who have been designing templates for each of these funnels as well. So you know, hey, I know the funnel I want. I want to use live demo funnel. You click on the cookbook, you click on that, boom, let's say here's the eight versions, the template are free. You can buy those wherever you like the best or here's 12 other ones that you can buy from other designers. You click a button and then boom, the whole file is built. It's got all the pages in the right thing, all the design done and then you can go in there. Instead of trying to create stuff from scratch, you can just come in here and just replace to your headlines, replace your things, replace your logos and it should be really, really simple and really, really easy. We've tried through this process and through this cookbook to make this so simple that anybody can do it and I hope that this training compiled with this cookbook and with the actual software will make this process so easy for you guys. With that said, that is the Funnel Hacker cookbook and thanks you guys for hanging out tonight. No matter where you are today in your business and in your life, you're just one funnel away.