Alright, so this one right here, this is, as you guys know, my favorite. It's the Two Step Free Plus Shipping Funnel. And it's very simple. We take it to a page. And the first page is very simple. All I'm basically saying is, hey, I got this cool thing, where should I ship it to? Okay, now tomorrow I'm going to show you guys our script. We have a video script that we use on this page and the sales letter script I'll show you guys tomorrow, so you know exactly what the verbiage and words and what we use and why we use it. We'll go over all that. But basically it's a page like this. Now, here's the free thing I'm selling. In step number one, I'm going to ask for your shipping. And in step number two, I'm going to come over here. And this is where I'm going to ask for your actual credit card information. Okay, now there are not a lot of shopping carts out there right now, unfortunately they allow you to do two steps like this. So I know a lot of people are like, well, how do I do that? Click funnels can almost do this. In the very near future, this will be a feature that all you guys will be able to do to do two steps like this. Or step one, you ask for their shipping. And step number two, you ask for their credit card. Now a couple of interesting things about this type of funnel that we found, the first time we started kind of testing and playing with it, we saw this a lot happening in like the CPA world. So if you guys know that, it's where a lot of like free trial based stuff and people are making crazy amounts of money with it. It's kind of not scammy, but it's kind of like the edge of what people do in marketing. I was looking at these guys' pages and the page was like this. You come here, it's like all these fields, like where do you want to ship the free trial to? And I'm like, no one's ever going to fill out like 10 different fields. And I was like, why in the world, it just didn't make any sense to me, right? So I wanted to see kind of what happened. So we would test that, we'd drive a little bit of traffic to it, we'd see what would happen. And for whatever reason, they worked really, really good. So I kind of like tried to sit down and figure out like, why does that work? Why does that work? And I think, and I'm not sure, because we've also tried it where like we asked for all of their credit card information here and just never really converted. And I think that it's this whole like slippery slope thing we talked about, right? You get them take this first commitment and then the next and it gets easier and easier. And so the first one's just like, hey, where do you want me to ship it to? And I think at that point, a lot of people, I don't know if they don't know or they don't, I'm not sure why, but they just fill in the credit card really quick or their address. Like ship it here and they click it and the next step is like, okay, how do you want to pay for shipping? And there is a drop off between step one and step two. But the conversion rates that we're experiencing on this first one right here are almost as high as like a squeeze page. And what's interesting is that it's like a glorified squeeze page for me. I'm getting their entire shipping address, which we haven't been using, but you could. And then they're coming here where we get their credit card. So it's just kind of a cool blend of like a squeeze page and a sales page into one doing a two step like that. So it's really kind of a cool thing. And one other thing that we found out when we were doing our free plus shipping with our supplement is there's companies you can hire for people that fill out page one, step one and not step two. And they'll just call all those people and they're like, hey, you were here but you didn't buy it, what can you do? And they'll sell people on step two for you and they get really, really high conversion rates on that. So that's kind of another cool thing about this funnel is that all the unconverted leads that don't quite finish the process, there are call centers you can get to go and help push people through. Now after they've gone through this, again, here they qualify themselves as a subscriber, here they qualify themselves as a buyer. Now I want to find out whom a hyperactive is all right. This is where I start getting into the upsells. If you remember yesterday we talked about the value ladder, right? This is where we start pulling out some of this value ladder stuff. So if you guys pull back out your value ladder and you remember what you put for the different levels. This is where we start introducing all that stuff. Here's your value ladder. So we've just taken somebody through the bottom of this value ladder. They've just paid for the free push and they've received a little bit of value and now we're going to start sending them up to the next thing. Typically right here I'm not going to sell my $25,000 coaching program because I haven't gotten enough value yet. So I've got to think the psychology behind it. They just bought this thing about how to lose weight or they just bought this credit card knife or they just bought this, where's my MLA more, maybe it's gone. Anyway, they just bought this thing about how to sell high ticket products. I just took them through this process where they got a piece of something, right? I want to kind of stress this again because I've had a couple of questions about this. But remember yesterday I was talking about the one thing. What I found over the last couple of months, if this thing is tied to one thing, again like the one secret about how I do this or the one trick or the one really cool thing, this works the best because the next thing you want to sell, if you're selling more of the exact same thing, it doesn't convert well. It doesn't sell well for whatever reason. The first time I kind of tested that, those of you guys will talk about the black box funnel, but we did this black box funnel where we give away the dot com secret slabs that we're upselling them in invisible funnel about more testing and conversion stuff and it bombed. It was horrible. And I was trying to think, why is it bombed? And I think it's because they bought this thing on conversion and I tried to sell more thing on conversion. It doesn't, they don't want more of the same thing. More of the same thing does not usually convert well. What does work really well is a couple of things. One of them is what is the next thing? So if you look at our current dot com secret slabs funnel right now, the one that's converting that's killing it for us, the book is conversions. So my first upsell is like, hey, I gave you everything you needed to ever know about conversions, but what good are conversions if you don't want people to actually show up to your site? The next thing you need if you're going to be part of our team is you've got to have traffic coming to your site. So what we've got now is this really cool price and teach you how to get traffic. It's the next thing that they need in the funnel. That makes sense? And then the third, and then we have another upsell, and then the third upsell is like, you got traffic, you've got conversions. The third thing you need in this funnel is you've got to have, you've got to know how to sell. And so here's our price and teach you how to sell. So we went from conversion to traffic to sell. So the next thing is a big thing in your upsell flow. What's the next thing they need? The next one, I learned this from Ryan Dyson. I think it's really cool. He calls it a bucket offer. Okay, so if you're upsell for a bucket offer, basically what a bucket offer is, where they kind of, excuse me, started doing this, they would do these events. This was probably four or five years ago when they first started doing them. They would do an event like this, and they would record each module as a thing, and then they made each module a front end product. And so you would buy it. For example, one of the very first ones they did was how to make money with Facebook ads. This was right when Facebook was coming out and doing their stuff, and they sold this front end product, and they crushed it with it. So you'd buy this front end product, but how to make buy ads on Facebook? And the upsell was, hey, just so you know, that presentation you just purchased was one of eight presentations we did in an event, and we wanted to let you have access to the entire thing. So you got a piece we want to give you the whole. Okay, so they call that a bucket offer. They got one scoop of the bucket out, and that's what you sold them, and now you're going to sell them the rest of everything else. Okay? So when you think about your front end, a lot of times it's just like we talked about with your value ladder. You're taking something big over here, and you're pulling out the one thing, the best thing, the most sexy thing, and that becomes your front end. Okay? So the next, the bucket, and then the other thing that works really good is faster and better. So you just bought this thing right here, and let me try to do it faster and better. Okay? That works really good too. So those are kind of the core three things I'm trying to do for an upsell. So when you think about your value ladder, again, you've got down here the one thing that attracted and brought them in. Now what's either the next step, the bucket of everything, or how can you help them do that faster and better? Usually faster and better offers are like software. Like, hey, I just gave this thing to teach you one thing. Get this offer and help you do it faster and better. Right? So that's kind of the third one there. That make sense you guys? So you got to start thinking about your product, and start thinking like after somebody buys my front end, what's the next logical upsell? What should this be? Okay? Now, one thing I'll kind of show you just because you'll see this common theme throughout all these different funnels is you have an upsell. So let's say someone pays, you know, 495 shipping handling here. Then you got an upsell. There's different schools that thought my personal belief pattern is I like sending people up in price like this. So I go from 495 to then I increase it, and then I increase it, and I go bigger every single upsell, and if they ever say no to something, then you can drop and do a downsell, which I lower the price. Okay? Now, I'm sure the next question people are going to ask me is like, what price should I sell the upsell for? And I can't answer that because every market is going to be so different. What we sell to our weight loss clients is way different than our internet marketing clients. Internet marketing clients will pay $300 on how to get traffic. Weight loss clients won't pay $300 to learn how to lose weight faster. Right? They might be able to, but it's a lot harder. So I can't give you a pricing thing, but it's usually bigger. I would say on average you're looking about a 10 times increase. So I'm selling a product that's $10 right here. I'm going to sell $97 product on the next thing. If it's $5, I'm going to sell for about $50. Something about 10 times is usually where I go for my first step. Do you have a question? Great question. So the question was on the downsell, do you discount the offer or do you do a two-pay, three-pay? I'm going to have a conversation with, right here today, he was talking about some guys and I think it's his shady and I hate it and I don't think he should do it. They have their offer and then if you say no, they're like, okay, I'll give you the same thing for $10 cheaper. You say, no, okay, $20 cheaper. No, okay, $30. And he was dropping the price and I think that's horrible to do to your customers. It loses all your credibility and faith. It's just a bad thing. So for downsells, there's usually a couple of different ways that I do it. One way is to drop down to a payment plan. So let's say this is $97. I come down and I say, look, my page here will say something like, if you couldn't afford this, the only logical reason why is you can't afford it right now. So I'm going to do a two-pay. So I'm going to do two payments of $47. So a payment plan, basically. So a payment plan downsell works really, really well. The other thing I like to do is a lot of times I'll shift how we fulfill it. So for example, let's say this $97 thing is like a physical product I'm going to ship you. And I'll say, okay, well, if you can't afford that, how about this? We'll do it cheaper, but it will just give you the digital version instead. So shifting how they consume the content works really, really good. And the other one is just changing the offer. Like, hey, it looks like you're interested in that, but maybe you're interested in this instead. Okay? So again, I'm going here. I'm sending them up. They say, no, then I drop them down to a lower price point or to a payment plan. And then from here, you can end it. Or if you have a second product, then you come back and you can upsell them a second product. They say, no, you can downsell. And some people can go like this forever. If you ever bought something and you end up like 30 days later still clicking SNOs and keep taking these things, not typically a good idea. When I first got started, I was really aggressive when I got started. I was like, I want to make as much money as possible. So I'd have, we always have like upsell, downsell, upsell, downsell, upsell, downsell. So we've said no to everything. It was six no's. You said yes to everything. You saw three. And we should always do that. And our customer experience, the first time I think I ever noticed it, is when you guys gave a shopper approved and they're like, hey, there's this really cool thing. You put it on your thank you page and your customer's review, like how great their experience was buying with you. I'm like, oh, cool. That'd be awesome. See how good it is. He's like, yeah, we put it on all these big sites and everybody let you. Everyone gets four and five stars. And because they just bought your thing, they love you right now. I'm like, okay, cool. So we put it on. And do you remember this? Like the first day he shows me the thing and we have like all two stars. Like everyone's pissed. I'm like, take that thing off. Like take it off now. I don't want to see that. And he's like, no, you got to read the reviews. I'm like, it hurts, right? And I'm like, crap, I'm just reading. Everyone's like, I'm so excited about the product. By the 20th upsell, I wanted to kill you. And like all these things. And I'm just like, huh. If my goal is to give people value and to send them up and someday having to pay me a lot of money to hang out with me, I got to figure out where the line is. And I want to make sure not to cross it, right? And so we went from doing six to typically we'll do just one in a downsell or maybe two. And that's kind of where we max out at. It's up to you and your comfort level what you want to do. But again, if your long-term vision is taking somebody somewhere cool, sometimes you got to give up short-term profits for long-term profits. So it's a question to do a refund policy in the front end. They're all free plus shipping. We do, we say, in the copy, it's like, we'll give you refund even if you're five bucks, even if you're shipping, we'll refund. And you can keep the DVD, whatever. So you tell them that. But very few people ever ask for refund on a free plus shipping thing. If you look at the copy on our page, you'll see at the bottom how we do the risk reversal. Because it is in there. We basically say, keep the DVD and we'll give you your five bucks back shipping handling. Okay, so that kind of makes sense, upsells, downsells. You're going to use these in a lot of these different funnels. So I wanted to get some of the core concepts behind those with this front end offer. Now you can do, what's cool about all these offers, you guys, is kind of like Legos. You can like, I'm giving you tons of different blocks and you can move them around. So you might do upsells down, so it's like, Russell, I hate free plus shipping. You pull it out and you're going to pop in one of these other building blocks. So I'm going to have a $37 product and then have my upsell, downsell. Or I'm going to do a free trial, then my upsell, you can do all sorts of stuff. I'm just giving you guys a building block and showing you a couple of ways that we do it. So it'll help you when you're kind of building your own. Yes. So this question was, should you test two front ends at the beginning and then see when it wins or should you just do one? Probably like, the answer probably should be two, but I don't do that. I like doing one just to, I always try to make my best, my best foot forward, make this as close when I think it's going to be best and I do it. If it doesn't work, then I'll come back and try to figure out what, what, but I don't want twice as much effort initially. I'd rather test like headlines and little things like that that are easier as opposed to making two whole front end products. Now if the front end product doesn't work, then I'll go make a new front end product really quick. I'm not going to redo the whole thing. That's the other really cool thing about it, you guys, is after you get this thing working, right, and you start driving traffic, it's working, we're working really good. You can then take a new front end, a new free DVD or a new, whatever, and keep the same upsells downsells. These upsells downsells are converting. You can plug those into anything. A lot of our, a lot of our business, you guys, is just re-skidding these little front ends. Everything back here is all the same. Okay, and what's interesting is that a lot of people will buy all the upsells multiple times. It's really weird. I had some of their data that they bought one of the upsells and they refunded and they emailed, they're like, man, that sell switch was good. That's the third time I bought it. Okay? Because my thing is I'm trying to, I'm trying to get new blood in, right? So a new hook gets them in the door, then we can set them up the ladder. Okay, I'm always trying to, what's a new hook I can do to get somebody in the door? And, and everyone, because like, for example, you may be really interested in like microcontinuity, like that, like when I talk about that, that's really appealing to you. And I talk about high ticket stuff, you're like bored, but you over here may be like, high ticket stuff is like the great, so I talk about that you're in, right? So I throw a lot of different bait to attract different people. And after I get them in, usually most of this back end stuff is very similar, if not the same, because I'm just trying to attract as many people into my funnel, the types of people I want. So there's, there's our free plus shipping two step funnel.