Mission #1
Publishing
Week 2
***
***
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 1 of 4 --

Mission #1
Publishing
Checklist for Today:
 Watch Russell’s Video
 Setup your publishing platform
 Watch Julie’s helpful tutorial walkthrough video
 Go to the One Funnel Away (OFA) community and comment on today’s
mission thread when you’re done with the word - #MISSIONCOMPLETE
When you see comedians on the big stage, you notice they nail every joke.
But that didn’t “just” happen. They spent years at little dive bars, testing
their material, and throwing away the jokes that didn’t land. By the time they
got to the big stage, they only had the jokes left that made it through the
testing phase in smaller arenas.
Choose one of three ways to “test” your material:
 Writing
 Talking On Video
 Audio (speaking)
One Funnel Away: Week Two
Mission #1: Publishing - 1
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 2 of 4 --

For the next 365 days, you are committed to publishing once a day on one of
the following platforms:
 Writing - Medium.com
 Talking on Video
 Facebook Live
 Instagram Live/Stories
 Audio (speaking) - Anchor.fm
Mission #1: Publishing - 2
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 3 of 4 --

This newsletter is for research purposes only. All of the webpages and advertising is copyrighted by
the original owners. You may borrow the ‘ideas’ in these ads and pages, but you may NOT use any of the
actual advertising copy or designs.
You do not have resell rights or giveaway rights to any portion of this Publication. Only customers
that have purchased this publication are authorized to view it. This publication contains material
protected under International and Federal Copyright Laws and Treaties. No part of this publication may
be transmitted or reproduced in any way without the prior written permission of the author. Violations
of this copyright will be enforced to the full extent of the law.
The information services and resources provided in this book are based upon the current internet
marketing environment. The techniques presented have been extraordinarily lucrative and rewarding.
Because the internet is constantly changing, the sites and services presented in this book may change,
cease or expand with time. We hope that the skills and knowledge acquired from this course will
provide you with the ability to adapt to inevitable internet evolution. However, we cannot be held
responsible for changes that may affect the applicability of these techniques.
Any earnings, income statements or other results, are based on our own testing and are only
estimates of what we think you could earn. There is no assurance you will do as well as stated in any
examples. If you rely upon any figures provided, you must accept the entire risk of not doing as well as
the information provided.
Screenshots in this book are from publicly accessible field archives. All product names, logos and
artwork are copyrights of their respective owners. None of the owners have sponsored or endorsed this
publication. While all attempts have been made to verify information provided, the author assumes
no responsibility for errors, omissions, or contrary interpretation on the subject matter herein. Any
perceived slights of peoples or organizations are unintentional. The purchaser or reader of this
publication assumes responsibility for the use of these materials and information. No guarantees of
income are made. The author reserves the right to make changes and assumes no responsibility or
liability whatsoever on behalf of any purchaser or reader of these materials.
Legal Disclaimer And
Terms Of Use
www.getwsodo.com	www.getwsodo.com

-- 4 of 4 --

