Hey everyone this is Russell Brunson, welcome back to week number two of the One Funnel Away Challenge. Now this week we're talking about hooks and stories and this is your very first mission should you choose to accept it. We're going to be talking about publishing and testing your material. Now hopefully you've been following along and doing all the exercises as we go. If so last week we were talking all about your offer. We talked about hooks story offer but we went really deep into figuring out what your offer is going to be and how to structure an offer and all those kind of things. Hopefully you've done those assignments. If not it's time to go back and do them because everything this week is going to be building off of what we talked about last week. And so it's very important that you're following everything in order as we're doing it. And so this is what I'm really excited for mostly because something that I've been doing a lot over the last 15 years of my life and I didn't realize I was doing this or even understand the concept until a couple weeks ago I was actually at this I don't call it men's retreat. A bunch of internet marketing dudes who typically are talking marketing all day long and they invited us this thing where we had a chance to go out and fish and hunt and do all these manly things that I'm not used to doing. And we had a good time. One night we were hanging out by the campfire and while we were at the campfire Dean Grosios was sitting there and we were talking and he shared this thing that made the light bulbs go off my head and something I want to share with you guys because it's such a key fundamental thing. And so last week we were talking about hook story offer. So now we're going into what are the stories about your offer and how do you perfect those stories and what are the hooks you're putting out there. And so the concept that Dean kind of explained to me I want to kind of draw this out for you guys here. So we're calling this one publishing. You guys are going to start publishing this week and call this testing your material. Okay. So that's what the focus is. So what Dean said basically said if you look at a professional comedian right and what time we see the comedian and they're on the big stage up here. All right. Big stage and they got the microphone here. There's the microphone and here's the comedian out there and they're telling their jokes right on the big stage. You see them in every single joke that they say like nails that they landed they ever is laughing. It's like thing after thing. And that's what we see right. You see these people on the big stage and you see man man this person is a hilarious comedian but we don't understand is what happened to get them on the big stage. They didn't just show up on the big stage one day and this is the same for all of us right like me like some of you guys look at Russell like man how in the world does he do that. He's just so good. And it's like are you kidding me if you were seeing me 15 years ago. I was so awkward and nervous. I didn't even dare look directly at the camera. I would do my watch my old videos. This is like right when YouTube first came out. I like hey everybody this is Russell. I talked really quiet and awkward and nervous and like I was freaked out right. And so what's happened over the last 15 years the same thing happened for this comic right. So what happened is this this this comedian wanted to go and like be on the big stage so what he did is he went he found these little tiny like dive bars right. And once the first dive bar got a microphone he stood up on stage and he started doing his his bit and you tell like 10 jokes right. And from the 10 jokes like two of them would land and the other eight were just completely bomb. He's like oh okay I know these two jokes are awesome. So he would take the 20 percent the two jokes are awesome. Then he booked the next bar right. Go to the next bar get on stage. He's like I'm doing my thing and he's tell those two jokes. He knew those ones like nailed it. They ever laughed at it. And it's okay I'm gonna like the next eight jokes I'm gonna try new ones. We try new jokes and at the next jokes like you try you know eight new jokes like one of those eight like just nailed it and the other ones were like kind of weak. So now he's got that. So now he's like 30 percent of a presentation. Then he booked the next bar right. He goes out there does the next one. He's gonna test his material again goes out there does the three jokes he knows are gonna land it and he adds in a bunch more. And for that he gets two more of the work right. Now he's at 50 percent. He does it again and eventually 60 percent and 70 percent. So eventually like he knows these 10 jokes all just crush it when he does it. And now he gets him by the big stage stands up there does his presentation and people like that guy is the funniest person in the world. Okay. But what you don't see is all this stuff behind where you're testing your material. Okay. And so some of you guys want to wrestle how in the world are you able to get on stage and just like start teaching or do Facebook live and you're just talking or do a blog portion of it just right and just go. And the reason why I spent the last decade of my life practicing my material I'm testing my material. Okay. And I'm always doing this all the time. In fact what's funny is this is like probably two or three weeks ago I was with Dean and when he was telling the story of this this concept and I was like oh my gosh that's huge. Next morning I did a podcast and he's made her that podcast so I explained this thing on the podcast and everyone told me oh that's amazing they got it. And then the next two days later I was speaking at an event and I told that story again and like I told it better next time and it made more sense and this is like this is probably the sixth or seventh time I've told this story right here alone. Right. How many of us think I just nailed it. Like man how does Russell pull this stuff out of his head. It's because I've been testing this material over the last two weeks to make sure it's going to work. Okay. I'm the process right now writing my third book traffic secrets right now. You think I just stand out in front of blank piece of paper and start writing. No I have to test my material right. So I'm doing Facebook lives teaching stuff and seeing if people make sense to them. And I'm like oh people got confused here. This one just didn't feel quite right or whatever it is and then last week I did an event. I spoke at Dana's Dream 100 con and I taught the outline for the traffic secrets book and I taught it and I was able to fill the feedback from the audience and see what people resonated with what things they were excited for which ones they didn't like and I'm tweaking it. And then I'm doing another event here in like a month and a half I'm teaching over two days and I'll do it again. I'll be keep teaching the material. I'm testing out my material a bunch of times before I sit down and actually write the book that way I know all the stories. I know the things that make logical sense but I've tested it a whole bunch of times. And so for a lot of you guys the problem is that you want to go out there and you want to do your thing and sell your product and sell your service and you're getting on the big stage and you're like you don't nervous and then it just bombs. You have to understand like any expert any master they don't start on the big stage. They start down here in the die bars testing their material testing their material testing their material. Okay so for you guys I'm going to tell you something that's not going to be super popular for some of you guys and you're like I don't want to do it. In fact it makes me laugh the very first funnel hacking live that Stephen Larson came to and I'm sure he'll tell you this story as well. He came the very first funnel hacking live and on stage I told everyone I said you have to start publishing. Every single day you need to be publishing something. He was like no I don't want to do it. I refuse to do it. He was like fighting it fighting it fighting it. And finally he was like all right I'm going to go and do it. And so he went out there and he started his podcast and started episode after episode after episode after episode and doing more and more and more till eventually he started finding his voice and finding his stories and which things resonate with people and which things didn't resonate with people right. And so that was kind of the process that he went through. I did the same thing when I launched my podcast. It used to be called the marketing in your car podcast. I would literally get my phone every day as I'm driving to the office and if you know the back story that I started the podcast like at the brink of bankruptcy my whole kind of company had a hundred employees the whole thing had collapsed. I let off like 80 people had had a fire in like a day and I was like all miserable and I was like I didn't figure out the next step in my life and of course you know the most depressing miserable time of your life is you're like I should start a podcast sharing people with my success stories. So I started a podcast and every single day I started telling my stories and like what was happening what was I working on what was working what wasn't working I just I just shared my experiences with people right and I shared those experiences and now fast forward now 500 episodes later 600 episodes later whatever I've done you've seen that like I'm using that platform to test my material over and over and over and over and over again right. In fact it was funny when Steven used to work here in the office he told me he's like yeah I was I started binge listening to the podcast I started a very episode one and started going through like you know the first like 40 42 episodes or so like it was okay and after that it's like when you caught on fire and everything started like like you came alive and what's funny about it is like most people never get to episode 42 right you do 10 or 15 or 20 and you just never get good so the whole thing falls by the wayside. What I need you guys doing during this process during this one funnel way challenge is you have to start learning your voice and mastering it and doing it over and over and over and over and over again because I need to get you guys to episode 42. You can't just start on the big stage you're going to struggle. This is the process if you're trying to take over the world to change the world to change people's lives like master your voice all these things like to get on the big stage you have to test your material over and over and over and over again. Okay and so a couple things that one thing like we start testing your material this is the good news is at first you're gonna be like oh nobody's listening and that's good because at first you're gonna suck you were not gonna be good at it and so the fact that nobody subscribes your podcast or reading your blog or watching your Facebook lives is a good thing because because it gives you a chance to start learning your voice it's not about them okay it's about you finding your voice eventually it'll be about your audience as you become better at this as you're testing your material as you start finding your voice your people will come to you okay they will become attracted to you and things will start growing organically but at first you're not gonna be good and I got to get that through your head and you have to be okay saying okay I'm gonna publish. Russell said I'm gonna start publishing I'm gonna start doing every single day and just do it and do it and do it and it's gonna be comfortable at first I'm gonna be bad at it at first but I'm gonna stick with it because I know that by episode 42 or 43 that's gonna become a master and that point the people will come okay and so that's kind of my call to you for today is we have to start publishing so everyone who's listening to this right now everyone's got different things they're gonna be good at okay so as you're listening this I'm guessing you're one of three people okay how many of you guys who are listening guys in Gallup who are listening right now think man I love to write I would love to sit down and just write every day I'm a writer okay how many of you are writers so if you're a writer T.E.R. if you are a writer then you are gonna become a blogger that's how you're gonna share your voice okay if that's what you're most comfortable in you're gonna become a writer okay and I know some people don't feel comfortable on video some will feel comfortable in audio some of you guys like I'd like to write you're a writer so you're gonna start a blog in a place you can start your blog you're gonna go over to medium.com.com I can't see my hand right it says medium.com because medium.com you create a free account you start blogging on a huge platform tons of traffic already built into it and as you start finding your voice the traffic just inside of medium will start growing so start blogging on medium daily every single day and over the next two or three days I'm gonna give you guys exactly what the very first post is gonna be and what the second post and those kind of things so don't stress that about it just know medium.com is where you're gonna blog okay and some of you guys like what should I do WordPress or what should I do my own blog blah blah blah all the things are complicated and frustrating and hard to figure out and not necessary for you to be successful in fact you will have more success publishing on medium.com than you will on your own because in your own you're on this platform by yourself there's no eyeballs there on medium you're tapping into this huge platform of thousands and millions of little readers already and if you start finding your voice and start becoming good you will organically grow very very quickly. In fact I've got a friend who right now is the number one medium writer right now and every time he writes a post he gets five thousand new opt-ins to his list. That's the power of the platform after you start learning your voice and finding it okay so if you are a writer you're gonna become a daily blogger and just know from now until a year from now when I tell you you can stop you're gonna be publishing every single day in fact I would I would set a goal all the guys are now saying I'm gonna do this I'm gonna test my material I'm gonna master my voice and I do this every single day for the next 365 days okay and something I was like Russell that's a long time I understand it's a long time okay takes a long time to become a master at anything and I need you guys to be on the big stage if you really want to have the impact you want long term you've got to get good on the big stage okay and so you have to do it consistently for a year. Now if you do this consistently for a year and a year from now all of your money problems will be gone okay I promise you that if you do this consistently every single day for a year in a year from now all of your problems will disappear okay you have people you're first off you will find your voice okay number one you're gonna find your voice which is huge number two your audience will find you find you and number three you're gonna have the impact and income that you want that you desire okay it all comes off of this the consistency of this of testing out your material okay alright so three or six five eight number one so if you're a writer you're gonna become a blogger and you're gonna blog on medium.com number two how many of us like I hate writing rust I would rather die but give me my phone and I can talk into it I get all excited okay that's you then you got to pick a platform either picking Facebook or you're gonna be picking Instagram I don't care which one you want both platforms are awesome both have pros and cons but you're gonna pick Facebook and you do Facebook lives excuse me I'm not writing Facebook I'm writing video for most you guys I'm gonna say Facebook I'm trying Facebook live here but some of you guys who love Instagram you can go live there as well number two and stuff for people like to be on video and then number three is our audio friends how many guys like the audio out there you could like put up a microphone just talk forever you can interview people you feel comfortable like in a podcast format okay if you're an audio you're launching a podcast what I recommend using for podcasts is a an app called anchor.fm super easy app where basically pick up your phone your iPad you record it you can edit it you upload it it's like the simplest easiest way to launch a podcast in the planet and so those are the three things okay so this is what your Simon is for today my friends is to figure out are you gonna be a writer are you gonna be doing videos or are you gonna be doing audios I don't care which platform you pick does not matter to me whatever when you feel the most comfortable with you say I can be consistent with this over the next 365 days okay this is your 365 day challenge inside one fun away challenge if you do this every day 365 days you will find your voice number one number two your audience will find you number three you have to share having the impact and make the income that you really desire in life so you have to commit to this so you're gonna be committing to me for the next year of your life to pick one of these and be consistent on it it doesn't mean it's like a 10,000 word article every single day you can write a thousand word article you can wake up and just write for 30 minutes and post it like whatever it is but you need to get a consistency of publishing okay and for some of you guys it's gonna be awkward you're gonna be nervous you're gonna like it and that's okay okay sometimes if you want to change the world have a huge impact on this world you have to feel a little uncomfortable for a few minutes when I first got started like I told you I was the most awkward shy nervous person ever I was a horrible writer got season all my English classes you know I've written two and a half books plus this book plus about a billion other things I've written right because I just did it a lot of times I figured out okay video I didn't even dare look in the camera right now and now I can jump on video like this with you know just mapping things out I can talk for four or five hours and feel super comfortable okay because I've done so many times in the audio I've done so many episodes my podcast and I feel comfortable now you don't have to do all three like I did just pick one okay pick one of them and you become a master for the next 12 months of your life next 365 days you were gonna be doing this and publishing over and over and over again okay so that's kind of game plan now what you got to do tonight is just pick which one it is and then create an account so if you're gonna be a writer go to meeting dot com create your account that's all you gotta do for tonight if you're gonna be doing audio go to anchor.fm get the app get everything installed get your account created and that's all you need right now if you're gonna be going Facebook live make sure you have a fan page set up in Facebook set your fan page and that's all you gotta do so you got the account set up and then tomorrow we're gonna start going into how to tell your stories how to do the hooks and we'll start moving through the next steps of the process how to tell your origin story which is gonna be your very first thing you publish on whatever platform you pick and a bunch of other cool things but that's the game plan for right now go into your homework commit to me for the next 365 days if you do this you will change your life but more importantly you'll change the life so the people you're serving but you got to be consistent for a year if you can do that I promise you everything will change in your business everything will change in your life you're gonna love it so that's it for today you guys hope you enjoy this go and set up your accounts and I will see you guys tomorrow