Hey, this is Russell Brunson and obviously I talk a lot about when you're creating a funnel to actually go first and look at other people's funnels and model them.
So I'm going to be walking you through one of our funnels.
This is our supplement funnel.
I know that a lot of people who watch this aren't going to be creating a supplement.
There's a lot of things you can learn from this funnel if you're using an information product funnel or software, whatever it is you're kind of using.
So there'll be some things that are different as well.
I'll kind of talk about those things and mention both sides of it so you'll have a good understanding as you're kind of trying to decide how to use this layout and these ideas for your own funnel.
So the first thing is the website's called Neurocel and this is our product.
Again, I'm going to show you the upsells, the downsells, and talk about psychology kind of each page, what we did, why we did it.
So this is actually the first version of the page that we started testing.
We did this because this is a page layout that we've tested a lot over in the business opportunity market and it was a variation we tested tons of different things with and what was working the best at the time we created this page was having a logo here, countdown clock and add to cart button on top which defies all logic but we saw someone in the weight loss space doing that and had like a 38% increase by adding the add to cart above their video.
So we tried the same thing and we saw really similar results which was kind of crazy.
So we did that up there, we had our headline and then we had our whole sales video here and then down here we had the add to cart button and down here is what we call a video spoiler box where we see in most places we've tested this idea have seen dramatic increase in conversions and so pretty much by default every time we have a sales video now we always have.
In today's free presentation we have four blocks, images, red, black, you know, and this kind of model this concept because it just works really, really well.
So this is basically when we go into new market, this is kind of our control because it's what we've, you know, from two years of testing is what we kind of found was our best control to begin with and some markets it still wins, other markets it doesn't, it just kind of depends but you know, like I said typically we start with our control and so this is our control, sales videos here and they click on the add to cart button and it would open up the order form down below here and some of the supplement funnels we were modeling were also using one, three and four bottles, they were doing these price points.
We kind of modeled that, we had a countdown clock up here, we had the discount point, the price right here and then we had the steps so check out, customize your order, order confirmation and check out obviously where they're paying, customize your order is where it's going to be more than doing their upsells and stuff and this will be the confirmation and so this is kind of how we did this page, we showed by default, we showed four bottles, they could change to the three or to the one and they'd see the different options here, have a money back guarantee and things like that, shipping speed, other testimonials, some security sales.
That's kind of like I said, became our control.
We launched with that and it was actually doing really, really well, we were really happy with it.
Front end conversions were really good and I'll show you guys the upsell, downsell stuff here in a minute but it worked really well as well and so that's kind of our initial thing.
So for most of you guys who are selling info products or things like that, this type of template is what I would start with, something where it's video sales letter headline, add a cart button, video boiler box and then if you have order form on page is good, if you're using a third party cart a lot of times you have to have this button open over to the other order form so it just kind of depends on what you're doing but that was our control.
So we started testing with that and then we tried a bunch of variations to try to beat it.
We tried one that was basically, we took the sales video, we made a long form sales letter version as you can see here and I had the headline, it broke out the two testimonial videos on top and then went into the sales letter and we did it.
I wanted to model a style that I've seen Vishen Likhani who is really successful in the personal development space.
He owns a company called MindValley.com and he's done a lot of these like block style sales letters and so we thought it would be fun to kind of model that concept where each block is really focusing on one core concept of a story and kind of brings it down.
So this was our first block and then here's the next block and the third block and so typically I wouldn't have thought this kind of a layout would work that well but for this market, whatever you want to call it, it did really, really well.
I think part of it is because our demographic for this product are a lot older and so a lot of them don't like watching videos as much but sales letters work really, really good and so the sales letter format beat, dramatically beat for us the video format but again like I said most markets, it hasn't been that way for us, most markets the sales video typically is the winner.
So I'm just going to scroll through here so you guys can see all the different pages and blocks and kind of what we did.
So if you do want to test out the style of the sales letter you can but this kind of takes a lot more effort, a lot more money.
I said for most markets this doesn't win.
I'm actually surprised we actually tested it.
I just have a really good sales letter designer so I thought it would be fun so I hired him to do it and just turned out that it won and so but most of all I wouldn't typically start the sales letter just because it takes so much more to create than is sales videos.
Sales videos for us are much easier to create and to put out there.
So this is the page.
You can right here we have our different pricing options the one bottle, the three bottle and the four bottle.
We have our phone numbers and this is something we notice on all of the vision sites as well was at the end he had like six more reasons why he loved this and these little blocks down here which I thought were kind of cool.
Some of our students actually tested those blocks on the bottom of his video sales letter page and it actually hurt his conversions a lot.
We're in a long form sales letter.
It did really, really well.
So it's kind of interesting how some of those things, some work and some don't work.
So let me see.
So what I would again I'd recommend for most of you guys is to start if you're creating a new funnel start with this kind of thing because it's faster, easier to test to get or to get running but it's definitely worth going through and testing a sales letter version as well because you never really know what it is people are going to respond to.
I was talking to John Benson who's kind of like the king of the sales funnel or of the video sales letter and he said something that was interesting.
He said that sales videos are important if you are introducing somebody to a new concept because you don't want them to scroll and just kind of find stuff and you need to tell a story in a very certain way.
But he says if they already know the concept like for us the concept is I'm in nerve pain.
They already know the concept.
He said the sales letters always do better because you don't have to convince somebody, you're not trying to explain somebody or sell them on a new idea or a new thing.
These guys already, they know the idea.
They just need to be sold on why yours is the best.
So that was kind of his difference what I thought was kind of cool.
Sales videos work really good if you are trying to introduce them to something because sales video they can't just fast forward or rewind.
They're kind of here and they watch it and they've got a, you know, you're dirt feeding them the story that you want them to hear and the order you want them to hear.
So that's kind of the first two pages.
We split test these two and for us this one is the current control and it's doing really well.
So there it is.
Now a couple of things we did is we added an exit pop.
When somebody leaves here we popped out this right here because if you notice our payment option here we're going for one, three or four bottles.
And when we first launched this product we were doing just continuity.
We're trying to get people on continuity but we just couldn't make the numbers work.
But we still like people getting on continuity.
So we added this exit pop that comes up.
It says, hey, claim your free sample and you're getting info down here.
So they put in their name, talk about what they're suffering from, their age.
And they can see if they qualify for this sample.
When they do that click here and most people will qualify and then we can count down clock and we get them in but it's a trial that pushes them into a continuity program.
So that's kind of the difference here.
If they come through here it's a continuity program and it's a 14 day trial and after that it's $49 per month.
And we get a lot of people coming through this path as well.
Now one other interesting thing that isn't for all markets but for ours a lot of our people have fear of actually ordering online for whatever reason.
So we added a phone number on, you'll notice on a lot of places on our page you've got phone numbers next to all the ordering options.
Yeah, all the order forms they have this and I would say right now probably 20, 22% of ourselves or so are coming from people picking up the phone and actually calling.
So definitely kind of interesting to note that there's a big percentage of people who won't ever buy online and by adding a phone number you can pick up a big percentage of those people which is kind of cool.
All right, so that's the first step.
Again, they come here, the exit pop out of trial.
And after they've purchased, after they've gone through the order forms, I will scroll down here really quick to the order form and they click on it, takes them to our order form which looks very similar to the one you guys saw on the video sales letter page.
It's got one, three, four bottles, all this stuff down here.
And so after they buy that, now we take them into our upsell, downsell sequence.
Okay, I'm going to show you guys what works in the supplement world but obviously it's actually really different in information products and other things like that.
In the supplement world, what works the best as an upsell is more of the same thing.
So here they just bought one, three or four bottles.
So our first upsell now right here is we offer them six more bottles of what they just bought.
Okay, so wait, especially one time offer do not close.
One thing we had a lot of with our older demographic, a lot of people confused about this and they were freaking out and calling us and complaining.
So we added the orders have been confirmed and we'll be shipping out soon which dramatically lowered our complaint rate which is really nice.
And so we gave them the option to get more nurse out $39 a bottle but they're getting six bottles.
So if you notice the price point is $235.
Now we first didn't have this, we got tons of people complaining because they thought they were paying $39 and they were paying $235.
So we added that so they were very clear that that's what it was going to be and that helped a lot with upset people and they had no thanks here.
And right now I'd say between 20 and 30% of the people who see this page upgrade and buy six more bottles, it pays $235.
Now I've talked about this before but what we found is there's two really core metrics that drive this business force.
The first one is what's our cost to acquire a customer?
What does it take for us to sell one, three or four bottles?
The second metric is what's our average cart value?
So if somebody goes through this entire upsell, downsell, sequence, what's the average amount of money we make in the cart?
So for example in this funnel we may be paying $80 to acquire a customer but our average cart value is $160 so we're doubling over on it.
You do that by having good upsells and good high ticket upsells.
That's why this upsell is so high because we need to increase our average cart value and that's what we did here.
So this is where ours goes right now.
Now one thing that we're going to be testing soon that I've seen a couple of people doing the supplement space really successfully is they come back here and they change the upsell depending on what they're going to buy here.
So somebody buys one bottle then they sell them over here two more bottles.
If somebody buys three bottles then they sell them like three more bottles and then four they sell four more.
So they're kind of matched with what the prior order is as opposed to somebody buys four they probably don't want to buy six more but if they buy one they might want to buy six more because it's a big discount or you're just kind of like matching upsells with what the front end product is.
We haven't done that yet for our business but we're planning to in the near future.
Now one thing I want to mention is that if you're in an information based business having more of the same thing as an upsell is the worst thing you can do.
That's what typically will like dramatically kill your sales.
If someone buys it like for example we have a conversion product our dot com secrets labs and our first upsell used to be more testing stuff and I thought hey people are going to love this and I was completely wrong.
We added that upsell in there.
It was like three or four percent.
Great.
And I realized that people in their mind they have a pain.
They have something happening to them.
And so for like I say for our conversion product they have a pain they need better conversions and so they buy our book in their mind even though they haven't satisfied that problem yet in their mind it's been done it's been taken care of.
I bought this book so that's taken care of.
If your next thing is like hey here's more conversion stuff they're like well I just solved that problem.
That problem is no longer my problem anymore.
And so it kind of hurts that that sell that makes sense.
So what we do is we have to come back and kind of re tweak it and convince them or not convince them but but offer them something new some some other pain that they might have.
So for our info product funnel we found that going from from conversion then the first upsell was like hey you've got conversion figured out now but you know next thing you need is you need sales.
Okay you need traffic.
And so our next upsell became traffic and a huge percent of people took that because they already had conversions now they needed traffic.
Okay and then our second upsell after that was you got conversion now you got sales.
Last thing you need is you need or excuse me you already have conversion you already have traffic.
Third thing you need is sales and our third upsell became our sales product and it converted really really well.
So a lot of it with info products is understanding the psychology of you know whatever they bought that scratched that it so what's the next thing they need what's the next problem that that opens up and there's and if you can figure that piece out that's how you get maximum conversion on the upsells.
Okay so I want to make sure that if you're selling info products you're not selling more of the same thing on the upsell because that will backfire for you but for supplements for whatever reason it works great.
I think part of it is because they buy it knowing that they need especially you know if it's a pain product a weight loss product or something and and they have an option to get six more cheaper they know it's gonna be hard for me to remember to come back and buy this and all those different things kind of come up in your head.
Whereas with with with an upsell like this there's like heck I can not worry about it I got a big discount I'm just gonna do it and so it works really well.
Okay so the yes here and obviously the no thanks one thing we found about no thanks links is that if you say no thanks take me next to the members area no thanks you know I don't want this offer it's that's a positive benefit you don't want a positive for the no thanks you want to tie it to a negative.
So right now it says no thanks I'll wait until next year to get more nurse to $100 per bottle.
That's a big negative like oh I don't want to pay $100 a bottle.
Alright I'll get six for $235.
This becomes a negative qualifier.
Another thing that I found out I've done this year on this funnel but Dagen Smith did this and showed me where he clicked on no thanks he would have a pop-up come up to have a video testimonial talking about the person and then a yes and no button and he was getting like 30% of people who said no to then go and say yes after clicking on the no thanks button.
That's another really cool thing to test there as well.
So that was our first upsell here then our second upsell now was this cream called Neuromend okay so what we decided to do was to give them three bottles of Neuromend for $80 and again I needed a big price point because we're trying to increase our average cart value so we can cover our ad spend and things like that so we increased the package and made it three more bottles and then we did that and then yeah that's kind of a very simple offer right three more bottles no thanks we had to kind of convince them again of what this was and you know hey you're taking nerve cell which is going to be helping all the nerves inside of your body but you still have external pains and nerves and things like that as well and so we need to help cover those as well and that's what Neuromend is external cream that will help you from the outside in so that was kind of this first upsell.
Now okay so this was like I said our first upsell was three and the people that didn't buy it I figured that in their mind that the psychology is like hey they didn't buy three so let me downsell just one bottle then so instead I said hey how about if you don't want to buy three that's cool let's do a sample so this is called the downsell you know a lot of times we always have our upsells but if they say no to that then we give them a downsell if they say yes to that they skip that step but if they say no to it then we give them a downsell so from here we went from three bottles to then we downsold them on just one bottle for forty dollars okay and so what we do in infoproducts the same kind of thing maybe we'll sell a package for you know nine hundred ninety seven dollars in upsell if they say no then we say okay maybe the whole thing is too much but you know the most important part is this right here how about for a hundred ninety seven dollars I'll give you just this okay I've seen people do it where the downsell is a payment plan or I've seen a downsell is the digital version instead of the physical version so different ways to do downsells but if somebody says no to something it doesn't mean they don't want it a lot of times it means they can't afford it and so usually this video starts with something like hey you know if you can't afford you know if you said no to the last offer the only logical reason is you can't afford it right now so we want to make that you know we want to get rid of that that excuse or whatever and so what we decided to do is we're going to discount it or we're gonna blah blah blah you know what I mean so discounted payment plan it whatever it is for the downsell again people only see the downsell they say no they say yes to this then we skip that we skip this page all together okay alright and then after that then if they if they do purchase either three or one then we do the same thing we did back here in Neuricell we added six more bottles they said yes to three or to one then we try to upsell them six more one more time at a huge discount so for a hundred and thirty nine dollars or twenty three dollars a tube they'll get six of them and again we get it probably about ten to ten to twelve percent of people to take this one okay and so this is kind of so you kind of have upsells downsells you know bump they bump up if they go from from here one three four we bump them up to six and then here we go from from three if they say no we drop them down to one and they say yes we bump them back up to a higher to a higher price does that make sense so kind of depending on the path they pick depends on what they're actually going to see through that process and then again same same thing yes okay my order now or no thanks for the next year so the negative qualifier there and then that's kind of the end of this funnel right now now you could I've seen people keep adding more and more things to this funnel if you wanted to but you don't have to either it just kind of depends on on on what you want to do and your your tolerance and your customers tolerance with multiple upsells but again the key in all this is we got to figure out ways to increase our average cart value you do that by having good upsells and good downsells and what I recommend doing is always have at least two two upsells that'll get you to the spot where typically as long as they're converting well you'll be making enough money that you'll be able to at least cover your ad spend and hopefully make a profit okay now after they go through that the last page then takes a thank you page tells them we're shipping stuff out to them and one thing here is you can you can do is you can start throwing an affiliate offer so this is an affiliate offer we have the against on our product is someone else's product may get a discount to click here so it's kind of really good offer for them and we make affiliate commissions as well and now we got the people who this is their product we get them to drive traffic into the front end as well so it's kind of a win-win that doesn't really you know doesn't really hurt them as it doesn't hurt them doesn't hurt yourself process at all it just kind of gives them more value and you get paid for it as well and so there's tons of different offers you can then put on the thank you page as well so that's kind of that's kind of the core supplement funnel that we're currently doing I showed you some of the pages we split test here so you got our video sales letter and our long form sales letter I showed you our exit pop I showed you our upsells and I talked about some of the strategy behind what we're tweaking or we're gonna be changing in your future and upsell based on what they buy in the front talked about our upsells talked about our downsells talked about our re-upsells they do purchase and then showed you kind of the thank you page and the strategy there at the end and so when you guys start building out your funnels that's kind of the same the same process what we do is we architect at first what are the pages and second step we go into click funnels and actually build out those pages here's a little paintbrush program to show you kind of how I do it so what I'll do is I'll all map out my product and say okay what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna have my video sales letter here here's my video and then if they click on this button then it'll take me over to the order form it's gonna look like this and from there I'm gonna have upsell number one that'll be this they say no to that and I'm gonna down sell this right here which would be a payment plan so it's to pay of whatever and then if they say yes so them and sell them this right here so maybe maybe the price point of this will be like $197 this will be two times 97 so it's payment plan and then right here I'll have a $297 offer they they leave this page I'll exit pop out maybe a trial over here so trial and that's kind of I map out this whole process what it's gonna look like what each page is gonna look like first that's a lot of people get stuck they see a funnel and they just kind of forget it they're like okay I'm gonna make my own they and they forget about it you know for me whenever I'm working with a client or anyone the first step is mapping out like this I see exactly any this page this page this page you know I need all these pages created now if you have that then it's very simple now to log into ClickFunnels and just build out those those funnel pages really really quickly let me show you how how I do that so I'm logging to my ClickFunnels account when you're in ClickFunnels there's a bunch of different types of funnels you can create you have opt-in funnels sales funnels webinar funnels automated webinar funnels membership funnels launch funnels but I do a lot of times it's just custom funnels I'm gonna kind of build this thing out together so I'll make a fake funnel real quick for you guys to show you kind of strategy behind it alright so go here and then about pages so first page by default gives me an opt-in page which you know depending may or may not fit here so you know I don't have an opt-in page maybe I'll delete that but maybe my first page will be a sales page so click on add a new page I call this my video sales letter click on that create a funnel step that's what's gonna do is gonna create that page and it'll show down here I gotta pick a template so if I click on this little green thing I can scroll through here and find a lot of ones I'm gonna find a sales template and I look through here and find one that I like so maybe I like this one right here so I'm gonna use that template and that because my sales page and again it's gonna hopefully model you know like a page that I like out here so I'm gonna find that page first and then right now so here's my funnel pages these are extra pages so if I add extra pages that come right here I click add to funnel it's gonna jump that page from down here up into my actual funnel all right and now I have an opt-in page I'm gonna delete that right here so first page will be my video sales page okay you see that now we got page number one built out so I got a built page number two which is my order form click on add new page click in order form creating funnel step and it'll create my order form page okay then I come right here and I pick a template so I'm gonna click on this green thing and find order form there we go and pick which order for my like you know and again I can look over here which one on a model I'm gonna model I'm gonna model this one right here and this you know whatever it is I can look what it looks like and this one's got you know left and the right so maybe I'll I'll model one of those left and right when someone's got left and the right so I can use that template and then that goes and creates my order form okay and then I'll come down here and I'll click on this to make it add that page up into my funnel and now that page up there as well okay so you see this kind of works I just go through I literally go and I'm gonna first I build out all these pages and get them all inside of click funnels and after they're in there that I'm gonna come here and click on the actual open the editor and then I can go and edit and create and make of those pages okay and so I'm not gonna go through a huge explanation how to do it but it's really simple I just click on things and then pick what kind of videos of my video of my sales videos on YouTube I click on YouTube and I put the YouTube URL in right there make it autoplay and boom it's it's ready to rock and roll when at this headline I can change that too you know whatever I want to whatever I want to call it all right I can change click the order links I can add things I can delete things but really quickly I can go and find one that's successful and I can model this and try to create something that looks as close as possible inside of click funnels okay so that's how it works you guys that's kind of the process again first step is I find a funnel I like I look at all the pages I look at the upsells and down so as I draw it out and then I map it out my head then I come I sketch out like this then along click funnels I start building all the actual pages and I work through it until I've got something that looks as close to the layout and look in the field of the of the form trying to model as possible so I hope that helps you guys hope that gives you a really good idea about what we're doing and and how we model these funnels and how the whole thing works and I hope that you benefited a lot from this video again my name is Russell Brunson from dot com secrets dot com and thanks for watching