Hey everyone, this is Russell Brunson. We're welcoming you to the One Funnel Way Challenge. I'm so excited to have you guys here and excited for the experience you're going to experience over the next 30 days or so. Now the first part of this, this is the pre-training. This is where I'm going to be giving you guys a whole bunch of stuff to study and learn and think about before we get started in the 30 day challenge, which will be starting in about a week from now. And the whole goal of this pre-training honestly is to give you belief. Belief is the most important part involved in all of this. If you guys believe that you can succeed in this, then you will. If you're like, I think this could work, it might work, you're going to struggle. So a lot of this pre-training is to show you case studies and examples and stories and things to help you believe in yourself, believe this is possible because literally that's the biggest key. It's interesting. When I was growing up, I was a wrestler and I remember being this one wrestling tournament. It was in Laramie, Wyoming and I was wrestling this kid and there's a guy on my team who had wrestled him earlier. I didn't know that. And the guy on the team was not very good. I used to beat him up every single day. And then I ended up wrestling this guy and I'm losing to him pretty badly. Like the guy's just beating him. I'm like, man, this guy is good. And during the break, you have like a 30 second break between I walked off and my coach came up to me and he's like, what are you doing? I'm like, this guy's good. He's like, he's not good. I'm like, no, he's really good. And he's like, dude, Matt just beat him the round earlier. I'm like, what? Matt beat him? And I also remind him, I beat Matt every single day. There's no way I should lose. And also I believed that I could win. I went back out there. I ended up beating him by a lot. But it was because I believed in sports athletics. I know that if you've been involved in sports, you know that. But the same thing is true in business. I see so many people struggle and fail because they're like, I think this might work. Oh, I think it might. And they don't have absolute belief. As soon as you have absolute belief and absolute certainty in what we're talking about, that's going to work. And if it's going to be a success for you, then it's going to be really easy to do this. And so that's what a lot of pre-training is about, is to get you guys the belief that you need to actually be successful. So that's firstly. Number two, as you know, you spent $100 to be part of this challenge. And a couple of things about this. Number one is that this $100 did not actually go to me. Whoever referred you to this challenge got that $100. So there's literally nothing in this for me. I don't get paid. I don't get any money for this. This is literally 100% about you. So I wanted you to understand that we charged $100 because I wanted you to have some skin in the game so you can go through this period so you actually dedicate and give the time and energy commitment you need to. But at the same time, I want you to understand this is not a big, huge moneymaker for me. I lose money because you spent the $100 and I'm also shipping out a whole bunch of books and whole bunch of amazing things as well. So I don't make money on this. So that's the first thing. The second thing is if you're like, oh, $100 is a lot. Or you're like, how do I have money to invest in some of these other things? Because we pay out 100% commission, that means if you refer somebody to this training, you get paid $100 for every single person you bring in. So if you know friends and family members and other entrepreneurs or business owners or people you believe this would be helpful for, you can invite them to it and you get paid the $100 for anybody who signs up. So I thought it was kind of a cool thing to do just to make this more fun and hopefully I get you to get other people you know around you involved. It's just like when you start a weight loss plan. It's interesting. They've got tons of stats and proof that if you start a weight loss plan by yourself, you're usually going to fail because what happens? You're being really, really good but your spouse is at home buying ice cream and cupcakes and cookies and ice cream and it makes it really, really hard. But if you can get your entire family involved, then you can throw the food out. You can focus. You can actually succeed. And same thing is true in business. Like you should be getting those around you. Other people who are entrepreneurial or who may be entrepreneurial have them come through this training as well. Have them go through the one fun and away challenge and then they'll start speaking similar language patterns to you. They have similar goals. A whole bunch of amazing things will happen when you do that. And the other thing I recommend is if you have children, please bring them on these trainings. I tried to create these in a fun, exciting way where every single thing we're talking about is going to be doodles and images and concepts. And we're going to start with very basic things and kind of build upon those concepts to make it a really fun learning environment. But my kids, as I've been planning this, I've been planning it with them and they're so excited because they want to go through this. And so now this is going live. They'll be going through this with you guys and hopefully you bring your kids on as well because I think it'll be a great learning activity. Plus you'll get your whole family engaged in what we are doing here with the one fun and away challenge. Okay. So what does one fun and away mean? Like what is the whole concept behind that? Kind of the backstory on that. When we started the company ClickFunnels, we launched, we launched as a time I'm making this video is about four years ago, the ClickFunnels went live. And at the time, nobody really knew what funnels were. I'm going to talk about the different websites and funnels here in a few minutes, but a lot of people didn't know what a funnel even was. And so my job was like, try to explain to the world like, what a funnel is and why it's so exciting. And I was all, you know, trying to get people pumped. And at first it was tough to get people to understand what it was and how it worked and how it actually worked for their specific business or their idea. But eventually we started getting traction and we started seeing people having success and more success. And again, as a pay, we have over 65,000 active members and it's growing every single day. They're actively using ClickFunnels. So entrepreneurs and small business owners just like you are using this as a tool. But the hardest thing is like understanding how does it actually work for you? And so a couple of years ago, we put together kind of a slogan or whatever you want to call it. And the slogan was that you're one funnel away. And people used to ask Michael one fun away from what I sold for everybody. It's different for some of you guys. You're, you're in a job you hate. It's a dead end job. You're trying to get out of that, right? So for you, you're one funnel away from getting out of the thing that you hate and getting the freedom and the lifestyle you actually want. Now, some of you guys, you are entrepreneurs and you got a business and maybe it's stuck and it's not where you want it to be yet. Whether you're one funnel could be like, here's one funnel that gets me from where I am to where I want to be. Maybe I'm going from, from six figures to seven or seven to eight or eight to nine or whatever that makes sense. There's a funnel that's going to take you on that journey and get you to the next step. And some of you guys, it's like, I don't care about money. I'm here because I want to make a bigger impact on the world. I totally understand that as well. And some of you guys, it's one funnel that helps you get the bigger impact. I know for me, like I was always, I was, you know, for, I've been doing this now for almost 15 years and I was always teaching and educating and trying to get this stuff out there. And it wasn't until I launched my book for my first book, funnels.com secrets that I went out there and this platform, I sold over a hundred thousand copies of this book through one funnel and this helped me get my message out when people read this, they came and started using click funnels. And same thing came in my second book. I put this out there. We've sold over 150,000 copies of this one. My third book's coming out soon. Like as I'm doing these things, each of these funnels gets me to the next step and the next level, helps me have a bigger impact, get more customers, get more people, make more money. All those things happen all through funnels. And so you guys are one funnel away. So my goal of this challenge is to help you guys to design and architect and understand what that funnel is and how it's going to work for you specifically. Okay. Now, one of the things that's interesting is a lot of people use click phones. They get in here, they start using click phones, try to figure out, like, ah, this thing's confusing. In fact, I was joking. I had a call with Garrett White. Some of you guys know Garrett J. White. He is one of our hyper click funnels users and members. He is a winner of the Two Comic Club and also the Two Comic Club X. And his wife has also hit it now. And it's exciting what they were doing. And he invited his mom to be part of click funnels and said, read Russell's books, get in click funnels. And so she jumped in and got an account. And I'm probably going to get trouble for relaying this story. But he said his mom messaged him back, like, ah, this click phone is too confusing. And it doesn't make sense. And he told me to act as mom. He told his mom back, said, click phones isn't confusing. You're just stupid. And she was like, what? He's like, you just don't understand the fundamentals. You understand the fundamentals. Then click phones is really, really simple. I think for a lot of people who get into this thing, they don't understand the fundamentals. And because of that, it's complicated. And so this challenge is to help you guys understand the core fundamentals of direct response marketing. This is stuff that's been happening ever since the Pony Express. When they were writing ponies down and delivering mail that way, that's when all these concepts were initially designed and developed and created. And when you understand the base core principles of direct response marketing, then funnels become really, really simple and really easy. So my goal during this challenge is to break things down so simple for you. You're like, oh, this is not magic. It's not some tricky thing. People always ask, well, what's the biggest secret in funnels right now? I'm like, there's no secret. Same stuff is happening during the Pony Express. It's just understanding people and how they work and a process you take people through. And so after you start understanding these fundamentals, click funnels will become easier and easier and easier for you. Especially for those right now who are like, I log in and there's all these things I don't know what to do. As you understand the core fundamental principles, click funnels will become easier for you. Okay. Now the next thing we'll talk about is, and this is something that I want to nip this in the bud before we get started. Because somebody has to go through a third day challenge and there's a couple things. During the third day challenge, I am asking for your attention. Okay. Like if nothing else, that is the most scarce resource I have right now is your attention. I'm going to be asking for a lot of it over the next 30 days. I think most of you guys should be planning at least an hour to two hours a day for the next 30 days to really succeed with this program. Okay. And some of you guys are like, ah, two hours a day, Russell. Like I can afford that right now. I can barely afford to, you know, to sleep at night and all these kinds of things. And the reality is most of you guys are probably spending that right now watching TV anyway. Okay. And so I need you to unglu from these external things that you're doing and just focus. Whether it's get up an hour early and go to bed an hour later or stay up to a couple hours later, whatever it is, but I need your time to be able to do this. And some of you guys are going to be like, Russell, this is hard. You're asking me a lot of things and we're doing a lot of, you know, I'm learning and I'm implementing, I'm doing stuff and, you know, you're not going to, most people aren't used to like implementing as fast as we're talking about, but I need you to do that because we've got a finite period of time. But in that finite period of time, if you play all out, if you go all in, I promise you we can have a huge dramatic shift in your business and in your life. But only if you go all in, if you kind of dabble and play around, it's not going to happen. It's just not possible to get the kind of result you're looking for. You know, it's funny. I get people who come to me and they're like, oh, I spent, I spent two months aside of ClickFunnels and I'm not rich yet, so I'm quitting. I'm like, are you kidding me? You spent two months? I was like, I asked a couple of my, I said, well, what do you do for a living? Like, oh, I'm a teacher. I'm like, okay, how many years do you go to school to be a teacher? Like, I want to school for five years to be a teacher. I'm like, how much a year do you make? And they tell me, I'm like, you spent five years of your life to end out with an income of that. I'm like, I'm telling you to focus hard for 30 days and the end of it, you get an income that most people can now even dream about. Okay. So I remember my senior year in college, I was, I went to Boise State University. I was a wrestler there and I took a class. It was a creativity class. My teacher's name was Dr. Murley. He was a little short Indian guy and he was one of my favorite teachers. I remember he had us all create, he wanted us to make something that was creative and then come and present it to the class. And so everyone did different things. And for me, I was like, I was learning this whole internet business. So I was like, I'm going to make a membership site and I had this whole idea for a concept I wanted to create. I was going to make a membership site. I basically went through the same process. I'm going to show you guys the next three days. I put it together. I wrote a sales letter, I had a video. And this is pretty quick funnel. So I was like in Microsoft front page coding stuff. I didn't know how to code. So I'm calling these dudes in India and Romania and like hook things up for me. And it was, it was a nightmare. But I worked my butt off and I got this thing done and I launched it and I got some traffic coming to it. And I remember that by the time I had my presentation class, I think I had about 250 to 300 people who were paying me 37 bucks a month to be part of this membership site. And so I showed this whole membership site how I built it, the creativity went into it. I presented it to my class and I think the, then my net income at times like 15 grand a month off it. So I had worked hard for 30 days, but I built an asset that was going to make me over six figures a year as a college student. Right. And so I showed the whole class that and everything and they got done. My teacher, Dr. Murley, he again, little tiny dude, he gets all excited. He's running around. He's like, what? Like you, you took this, like my challenge and you built the business is going to make you six figures a year. That's more than I'm making right now. And I was like, oh yeah, it's kind of cool. And, and it was kind of funny cause he was all excited, asked much questions and he looked at the class. He said, do any of you guys have any questions for us? Like this is amazing. I look at all these college students who are like sitting back in their chair, like half asleep, you know, and, and one kid like raises his hand kind of annoyingly. Like he was kind of annoyed with it. And Dr. Murley called on him and he said, seems like a lot of, seems really cool and all, but it seems like a lot of work. And I remember sitting there thinking, man, yeah, I worked hard for a finite period of time, 30 days, 60 days. I worked my butt off to figure this stuff out. But at the end of it, I had a membership site making me six figures a year that I didn't have to do a lot to keep, to maintain. Yes. There's a lot of upfront work. I had to like push this rock up a mountain, but soon we get to the top, it starts rolling down and it kind of gets its own inertia and just runs by itself. And I remember thinking about this kid who's sitting there saying, Russell, I see a lot of work and thinking, you know, it seems like more work is what you're doing. Like you're going to, you know, you got a couple of months of graduation, then you're going to get a job starting at maybe 25, 30 grand a year. And then you're going to work a year or two and hopefully get a bump up and then from there you're going to get another bump in a bump. And you know, in 40 years from now, you will have made a million dollars. I think the math is if you make like 40 grand a year after a 40 year career, you made a million dollars. I'm like, you're going to make it, but it's like in 40 years. Whereas I'm going to make it a lot shorter because I put in the concentrated effort up front. So for you right now, because you are here, you invest 100 bucks. I know that's not a lot. It's something that most of you guys can, you know, burn at McDonald's in a weekend. But I want you guys to take this series. Okay. Right now we charge consulting fees and people will fly to our office and we'll spend an entire day here. We charge over a hundred thousand dollars for a day here of coaching and consulting. Now for you guys, you didn't pay that much. You paid a hundred bucks, but you're here sitting here. I want you to pretend that that is exactly what's happening. I want you to pretend you spent a hundred thousand dollars to get this coaching. If you do that, then you're going to take it serious and you're actually going to focus on it and then you're going to have the success that you need. Okay. So I need your time. I need your attention over the next 30 days. And if you do that, I can mold you and craft you in a way that's going to help you be successful. Okay. All right. I think one other housekeeping thing that I'm going to jump into the framework and then we're going to get you into some other really cool trainings throughout the rest of this first pre-training week. The last thing is the way this challenge is going to work is going to be really fun. Each week, each day, there's going to be new videos unlocked. And every day I want you to take the time to go in, study the video. Each one is going to be a mission. After that mission is finished, there's going to be some kind of task for you to do and I need you to do it. Don't be the person who watches and like, oh, I'm going to do all the tasks at the end. You watch all 30 days and then you're like, okay, I'm going to do it because then you missed it. You missed the whole point and all of this disappeared. You're kind of person who watches it and then does it every single day, watches it, does it, watches it, does it. By the time you're at the end, you'll have something beautiful created. Okay. Probably one of our best success stories inside of ClickFunnels. You're going to have a chance to hear their story here during the pre-week is Brandon and Katelyn Poland. They run a company called Lady Boss. When they first came to me, they were at the bottom. They had less than this $100 in their account and they put this training on a credit card. The training they went through was about $1,000, $2,000, something like that. They put it on a credit card and they went through it. They went from zero to within a year. They were killing it. I'm not at liberty to share their numbers, but they have grown one of the biggest companies now serving over a million women, helping them to lose weight. After I had a chance to meet them about a year into this journey, I asked myself, a lot of people go through my training. A lot of people buy it. A lot of people buy the books. What's the difference between you and everybody else? Brandon said, the difference between me and everybody else, he said that everybody else reads it all and gets ideas and says, oh, that's cool and then they don't do anything. He said, we watched it and we pushed pause and did the thing you said and we're not allowed to click play again until we finish the thing you said. Then we come back, we push play, listen to the next step, pause it and go do the thing and go back and forth and back and forth. By the time it was done, they had a business, a foundation of a business that has gone on to do tens of millions of dollars in sales. For you, it's the same thing. Take each step step by step. Some of these things at first aren't going to make sense. It's kind of like if you watched Crotty Kid, you remember Mr. Miyagi? Daniel Sun wants to learn Crotty. He's like, okay, come over here and he's like, I want you to wax this car. He's like, what? He's like, he waxes the car like this, wax on, wax off. He gets me to wax all these cars. He's like, now I need you to come paint the fence. He's doing all these chores for Mr. Miyagi. Finally, he gets so frustrated. He's like, dude, I came here to learn karate not to do your chores for you. That's when Mr. Miyagi wisely goes and throws a punch and, instinctively, Daniel Sun waxes the fence and blocks the punch. He's like, whoa, and he throws the kick and paints the fence and blocks the next one. All these things he's been learning all start making sense. I promise you, for you guys, some of these things we're going through at first shake, this doesn't make sense, Russell. I'm like, why am I doing this? I just want you to trust me. Just remember, wax on, wax off, and at the end of it, all the pieces will fit in place for you to have what you need to be able to create to launch your one funnel away. Okay? And so that's kind of game plans. That makes sense. All right, with that said, I want to go through the quick framework right now, so you have an idea of what we're going to be creating over the next 30 days. And then we're going to be done for today's training. This was a simple one. I just want you guys to kind of understand what's happening and get in the mindset of understanding these things. And then again, there's going to be more pre-training this week. I want you to watch, to consume, to learn. It's going to give you just some powerful ideas of how you can actually do this inside of your specific business. Okay? Again, the goal of this first week is belief. I need you to believe this will work for you. If you do that, I can help you. I can get you exactly what you need to be successful. But if you don't believe, you're like, ah, this might work. I don't know how this is going to work. I'm too tired. I'm too old. I'm too young. I'm too... If you have those excuses come out, you're going to struggle. But if you're like, you know what? I'm going to trust Russell. He looks like he's 11 years old. He's done this a ton of times for tons of people. As of today, we have like 350 people inside of ClickFunnels that fit the Tukama Club, meaning they made over a million dollars in a funnel. I think we're like, ah, 25, 26 people that fit the Tukama Club X, meaning they make over 10 million. Like, these things are happening all the time. And so it can happen for you. You just got to follow the process. Okay? So here's the framework I want to share with you guys today. Okay? And this is really to kind of help a lot of you guys, some of you guys who have been in my world for a while understand these principles. Some of you guys who are kind of new to this are just like, what is Russell even talking about? What in the world is a funnel, right? And so I want to kind of explain that. So to explain a funnel, probably the easiest way is to explain what most of you guys are all used to. Okay? So what you guys are all used to is a thing that we call a website. Okay? What's funny is if you look back 15 years ago when I first got started in this business, most companies didn't have a website. People would always ask me like, hey, so do you think I need a website? I'm like, are you kidding me? Like, this is the future, right? And today is the same thing I can people ask me. Do I actually need a funnel? I'm like, are you kidding me? This is the future. So the website is like the eight track of music, right? This is like what was happening. But this is what we're used to. This is what we understand. So I want to start here. If you look at traditional website, the ones you pay designers $5,000, $10,000 or more to create, what do most of them look like? Okay? They look kind of like this. Usually there's a page like this. You come here and then there's like a logo, something here, and maybe there's a menu here. And a lot of them have like another menu here with like more options here. And if you click on this button, it pops down a sub menu with like 10 more options. And all of these things, you click on them to pop down more menus. And then somewhere on this page though, like maybe on page three or four or five, there's somewhere where it's like, this is what I want to happen. I want that person to give me money. So someone comes through the thing and they're going through the links and trying to find some stuff and they're going everywhere. And they never actually get to the spot where they give you money, right? And that's why most websites don't actually work. And maybe it's not money. Maybe it's like you want to generate a lead. So they have to go through all this process to get to a lead and things like that. Okay. But there's a couple of principles you have to understand. Like the first one, this is like the number one rule of direct response marketing. A confused mind always says no. Okay. So what does that mean? It means if you look at a traditional customer, somebody coming to your website, right? They're coming here and they're coming to your site. They click on a link. They go to Google. They buy a Facebook. You buy a Facebook. Something that gets them, they come to your website, right? And they come to this website. And then I used to do a whole bunch of, in fact, we still do like eyeball study tests. Like what happens when someone comes to the website? Where are they going? Where is their mouse going to? All sorts of stuff. And what was interesting, you'd see people come, they see the logo first and they go over to see the menu. They come back to the sub menu and they click and the menu comes in. And what's happening is there's like one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, like 20, 30, 40 different places blocking them from where you actually want them to go. Somebody comes scroll through here and it's like, oh, menu pops up. Other menu, other things. And it's like, you're literally like blocking people. Like you're setting up blockers around the whole function and purpose of the website. Okay. And so they're confused. Like, oh, maybe I want this. Oh, maybe I want this. I need their office hours. And they're going everywhere at your websites, literally blocking people from giving you money. Okay. It's equivalent. Like, let's say you had a storefront. Say you had your own store. Right. You set up your store. Here's your doors. You're all excited. Like, this is my new store. This is going to be awesome. And you start putting a bunch of ads out there. But then like the day before people show up, you're like, you know what I need? I need a whole bunch of guards out in front of my store. And so you get a whole bunch of guards to stand up here with a whole bunch of different things. And when people come, you want to give them like five or six options about just, you know, everything on earth. And then you start sending people to the store. And what happens? They should come to the store and there's like 20 different people out front. And like everyone's trying to tell you different things. They have different brochures and handouts. You're like, I can't even get to the store. And you kind of creep down and then you just leave. Right. Now they seem dramatic. That's literally what's happening with every one of your websites. If this is your strategy, like, that's the equivalent of what you're doing. Now none of us in the real world would do this with a store. Right. It doesn't make any logical sense. For some reason, we do that with our website. We want to link to everything on demand that we've ever thought of or created or linked to. And it's, that's what happens. Right. And so because of that, people don't make money with traditional websites. It's nearly impossible. There was a day and a time way back in the day when people were bored and they'd sit there on websites for hours. You remember when email first came out and email would pop up and you'd be like, oh, I got an email. You're so excited. And now today you're like, I got 400 emails today and you're sick to your stomach. You don't want to look at them. Right. You look at the average attention span back in like the 1985 was 20 minutes. Right. Looking like 10 years ago is like 10 minutes or something like that. So people have time to go through here, look for stuff, all sorts of things like that. If you look at the average attention span of a human being today, guess how long it is? Seven seconds. Okay. Goldfishes is eight. So you have seven seconds to capture them. So they're in here and they're looking to click link within seven seconds. Like I'm out and they leave. Okay. And so what happens is most people have these traditional websites aren't making money anymore. And so for me, my whole mission has been to explain this to people like websites are dead. Like it's over. Like there is something that like eight tracks are done. Like we've gotten past cassette tapes. Like all these things are gone. Like today, here's the iPad. Here's the iPod. Here's the future of where things are happening. Right. And so that's what a funnel is. So I'm going to kind of map out over here more what a funnel is. Okay. So website versus funnel. All right. So a funnel is different. Imagine this case. Come back to the store example because I want to start there. So imagine you have a store. Okay. And you put it's going to add out there. You put something out there and it's really exciting and somebody decides to come to your store. So this dude's all excited. He comes to your store. And you allow them to actually come into your store because you placed in place now or something got him excited enough to actually come to the store. They come in the store and then your person walks through the doors and they're greeted by somebody over here who's really happy. Okay. And this is them and they're happy to be here as well. And so they they're greeted by a salesperson that sells for like, Hey, welcome to our store. And guys like, well, thanks. I'm excited to be here. He's like, cool. What are you looking for? Can I help you with anything? And the guy's like, you know what? I've got a big camp out this weekend. It's like, you have a camp out. Cool. Like what? Like what do you come for? And the guys like, I'm here. I'm doing camp. I'm looking for some kind of grill. I want to grill some food. And the guy's like, cool. Let me take you to the grills. Right. So then he grabs this dude by the hand. He walks him over directly to the grill section of the store. There's the grills. And he takes him over there and then gets the grill with him. Right. And he's like, this is the best grill. Like all the ones this is the one I think I recommend. And the guy's like, well, thank you. That was super helpful. And he's like, what else do you need? It's like, I don't know. What do I need? Well, if you have a grill, you probably need charcoal. Right. And the guy's like, I didn't even think about that. I do need charcoal. So he walks him over here and gets some charcoal for him. Right. So I get some charcoal. And he's like, well, what else do you need? And the guy's like, well, I haven't got my food yet. It's like, you don't have food. Like come over here. Like hot dogs, hamburgers. What do you like best? And he's like, I love hot dogs. They say, cool. Here's the hot dogs section. Takes them to hot dogs. And he's like, do you need buns? Here's the buns. And he takes them through this process that gives this person exactly what they need. OK. And what happens at the end of the day is that this dude right here who came into the store, his happiness level goes up. He's like, this is amazing. He had amazing experience. He found everything I wanted. And it was perfect. Right. And the salesperson right here gets to happen to him. OK. If you look at the salesperson, happens to him is exciting. Because he took them through the process, he didn't just sell one thing. He sold more. So his income went up and he made more money. OK. He served this person better. So this person's happier. He made more money. So he's happier. And they both win. That's what a funnel is. When you guys understand that, that's it. That's the big secret. OK. It's taking it from like, come to my store. I've got a whole bunch of people out to block you. To come on in, let's find someone who actually likes you and can communicate with you, and take you through the process to find exactly what you want. That's the magic. OK. If you look at like a traditional e-commerce store, like an Amazon or a Shopify or things like that, it's kind of like someone walking in a store and there's all this stuff. And they just kind of like, good luck. OK. So that's kind of the in-between there, right? And so the funnel is like having the best salesperson on earth take somebody through the process to find the exact what they need. OK. So that's how I'm going to kind of explain it to you. All right. Now one really quick thing. I'm going to, before I go too deep, how do we get this person into the store? OK. Typically you're going to run some kind of ad. OK. And there's three-step process. And this is the thing we're going to drill in your head over and over and over and over and over again for the next 30 days. So the first step is you have to have a hook. OK. What's the hook? It's the thing that got this dude to come into your store. He was driving his car here in the radio, and he's like, hey, come down to my store because we're giving away free blah, blah, blahs, right? And he's like, dude, I want a thing. And so he drives away. He's at stops, gets out his car, and he comes in. OK. It's a hook like that. It's some kind of hook that gets somebody to stop what they're doing and to come in front of you so you can actually present what you have to offer. OK. That's number one. Number two thing is a story. OK. So someone comes in here and tells a story like, what are you doing? I'm going to go camping. Cool. Let me tell you my camping experience. I found this was awesome. And this was awesome. You tell some kind of story that helps increase the perceived value of what you're selling. OK. I'm going kind of fast here. Just don't stress that. We're going to go deep into this. OK. And the third thing is you make them an offer. OK. So hook story offer. And if you look at a traditional selling experience, it's the same thing. There's some kind of hook and the story and an offer to get somebody into the store. And then in the store, they talk to them, and there's some kind of hook about why they should get this grill. There's a story, and then the offer is the grill, right? There's a hook. Why do you need the charcoal? Like, there's a bunch of charcoal. Here's the hook. Why do you need charcoal? You need to light your fire. And then the story of why this one's the best. And here's the offer that you can get for this price. And every step in this process has a hook story offer. OK. So if you look at a traditional funnel that we're going to be talking about, so you've seen it from a storefront, now let me show you what it looks like in a traditional world, right? So a traditional world, somebody is here on their phone or they are on their computer. Let's say they're on Facebook, right? So they're on Facebook, and they're scrolling through the news feed. They're seeing their friend, their mom, their cousin, all these stories, all of a sudden, something pops out, right? And there's an ad in the middle there. And the goal of the ad is three things. And it happens to be the exact same three things we're talking about here. Hook story offer. My first goal, I'm scrolling, scrolling, scrolling. What's going to give them stop scrolling? They're like, huh? Right? You set a hook. And then you're going to go deep into hooks. Don't worry. But I'm setting a hook. Like, what's the thing that gets me to stop scrolling? OK. Hook. And then I got to tell a story that's going to get me, like, telling the story of why they should continue on this path with me. Why should they go on this path? And then there's an offer. Like, click on the link to go find out about whatever, right? So if somebody sees that ad, if they do it right, they have a good hook story offer that takes them now to a landing page, which is the first page in your funnel. Now, one thing you notice about a landing page is, you remember the first rule, direct response marketing? Confused mind always says no. So the landing page is very simple. There's only one thing to do on it ever. OK. It's not like, here's two options, or three, or five, or 10, or 12. In a funnel, there's only one option. You come here, it's like, hey. And so every funnel is going to be different. Maybe it's like, maybe over here on the ad, it says, hey, I'm going to give you a free report about how I increased my vertical by three inches jumping, right? Or I'm going to give you a free report about how to do whatever, a video or a train or something. I'm giving them something, right? So I make an offer. So I have a hook, like, I'm going to give you a free awesome thing. I'm going to tell you a story about it, and then I make an offer. OK. And so the offer I'm trying to get here is I'm trying to get somebody's email address, let's say. Or maybe I'm trying to get them to buy something, whatever it is. But I'm making the same thing, hook story offer. So on this phase right here, let me write this out. There's a hook, a story and an offer. And then from there, they click over here. And then on this landing page, there's again, there's another. There's a hook, a story and offer. Traditionally for me, I'm trying to get their email address up front, right? So maybe a headline here, maybe there's a picture of something, and then ask for their email address, right? So the hook, a story and an offer. They give me their email address. Then I take them to the next page. And it's like, cool. So you gave me your email address. That means you are excited about underwater basket weaving, whatever you sell, right? And it's like, cool. And then I come back, hook story offer. Hook story offer. It happens again on this page. Maybe I have a video here. It's like, awesome. And I hook them real quick. Like, if you like underwater basket weaving, I want to show you the number one thing I figured out in the last 20 years, but how I did whatever. All right, so hook them. And I tell the story. And I tell the story. And at the end of it, I can sell them something, and I can make them an offer and actually sell them the product, right? Just like here, I sold the guy the grill. And then after they buy that, the next page is like, cool. So you bought my course on underwater basket weaving, but would you like to have, like, I went all over the place and I found my favorite baskets were from Tanzania. How about I can be a ship you out of a kit from Tanzania or whatever, right? So I make a hook, a story offer here, and I sell them the next thing, right? I sold them the charcoal or the thing. And then I take them through this process. So somebody buys, someone clicks on this link right here, then they give me the email address, then they buy, and they buy the next thing. And I'm taking them through a very structured sales process. Okay? Now, the difference between what happens here in a store and what happens here is I don't have to have a salesperson. The funnel does the selling for you. I can have a video on there that does the same selling that this person would do in real life. I can have a video, I can have sales letter, I can have text, I can have a lot of different ways, but basically that's what it is. It's very simple. It's a structure, takes people from page one to page two to page three to page four, just like I take this guy from his car to the store to the grill section, to the charcoal section, to the hot dog section, take them through exactly what they need to customize this experience for them so they've got the best possible thing in the world. Okay? And so that's what a funnel is, you guys. And the coolest thing about this, it comes back to what I drew right here. Right? When you do this, if you do it right, the way I'm going to be showing you guys over the next 30 days is it increases the happiness of your customer. They will have a better experience with you, and it'll increase how much money you make from every transaction, which makes it a better experience for you as well. Okay? And that's when businesses win-win. When both sides of the table feel like they got a better offer, a better deal, then everybody wins. Okay? This whole offer I made for you guys right here, right? You paid $100, you guys trained $100, went to whoever referred to you. I don't even get a penny for this, okay? Why did I do that? Because I want you to have such a good experience, like, man, Russell's amazing. I'm coming back to his store. I'm buying the next thing from him. I'm going to buy ClickFunnels, get in the software. I'm going to do whatever he says, because he makes these offers that are so good work. I feel like I got a better deal than he did. Okay? And that's how funnels work. Okay? So that's kind of the process, you guys, as you're taking somebody through this process, just like here, you're increasing the happiness level and you're increasing how much money you're making. And so that's some of the context I want you guys to understand here as we're going into this challenge. This is what funnels are. Now, there's different types of funnels. Some are funnels that get people on a webinar. Some are funnels to sell physical products. Some are digital products. Some are info. Some are coaching. Some are network marketing. Some are retail. Like, it doesn't matter what kind of business you have, I can plug it into a funnel just like this. Can people always, I would say probably the biggest question I get all the time from people is just like, well, my business is different. I don't think a funnel will work for me. All right? How would a funnel work for this business? How would a funnel work for this business? And really, and again, we'll go deeper into this over the next 30 days, but it's not rocket science. It's very simple. It's like, look at it the same way. Like, if somebody came into my store, how would I, like, what would I say to the person who came through the door? Probably the same thing I'm going to say on this page. What I say on the ad that got him to come through the door. Probably the same thing I'm going to say here. Okay? Now that I'm talking to him, like, what would I tell them about this grill, why they should buy that? Probably tell it say the same thing here. Like, people are people. It's not, you look at, for some reason people think, because it's a funnel, it's like this magic ninja nerdy thing. It's like, no, it's people are people. This is just a process we're taking somebody through to serve them at the highest level and make as much money as possible at the same time. And that's how we do it. So, I'm excited for you guys. This whole one funnel way challenge is going to be the most exciting thing for you. And for right now, I just want you guys to believe that this is going to work for you. Okay? What I'm going to do over the next couple of days, tomorrow I'm going to give you guys a video that's called, it's called One Funnel Way. In fact, it's a presentation I did at one of our events. We have a big event every year called Funnel Hacking Live. And typically at Funnel Hacking Live, we share like all the best stuff that's working. And one year I decided to do the opposite of that. And instead of sharing the highlight reel, I wanted to share all the stuff that got cut and left on the cutting room floor. And so I did a whole presentation talking about my failures and the things that I tried during my journey that didn't work. The two times I almost went bankrupt. The times I lost everything. I had to fire all my employees, my teams. But then the funnels I created, they got me out of that. I was literally one funnel way multiple times throughout my career. So this presentation is going to share you that stuff. I'm a little nervous to share with you because I get vulnerable. I cry two or three times. It's kind of embarrassing. But I'm hoping by watching that, first off, me and you will be able to connect better. If so, I can serve you at a higher level. I promise you that. So hopefully it'll give us our connection. But second off, I hope it helps create more belief in this process because it works. I promise you. I don't care where you are. If you're a beginner, if you're in the middle, if you're at the ups, if you're at the bottom, this process will work for you. It'll change your business. It'll change your life. But most importantly, and we're going to get a lot into this during this training, it's going to change lives to your customers. Okay, business is not about you just making money. That's like a lot of entrepreneurs get into initially because like I need money, right? A lot of you guys are here to take a check. I need money. I'm trying to figure this out. But you'll find very, very quickly as you go through this process of the money, the excitement and energy and motivation for money doesn't last long. After you start making money, what will light you up is your ability to serve these customers. That's why I'm doing this. Like I'm a spot in my life now where I don't need more money, but I need more impact. And so taking us through this process, I want you guys to leave with the biggest smile and the biggest, if I can change your life in that way, that's why I'm doing this. And the same thing will be true for you. Okay, as you start growing this company and start growing the business you're building, you're going to serve more customers. And as you see their lives transform, that's what's going to light you up. Like that's the key. That's the whole, that's why we do all this stuff that we do. And it's going to be why you're building your company as well. So that's kind of what's going to be happening up in the next 30 days. I'm excited for you. Thank you so much for taking the risk, the challenge and dedicating the time and energy into this. Again, if you spend the next 30 days, put in the time, put in the effort, put in the energy. I promise you guys it'll be worth it. At the end of this, you'll have something really cool to show yourself, show your spouse, show your friends, show your family. But it'll be the beginning. It'll be like the launch pad for your entire new company. So don't forget you guys, there's one final way, and I'm excited to help you get there during this challenge.