BOOM! What's going on everyone? Steve Lawson, very excited for the One Funnel Way Challenge. Welcome, welcome. Hey guys, first of all, please go over to the side and let me know, is this the first time you guys have ever done the One Funnel Way Challenge? Second of all, yes, I am in a psychopathed room. I'm actually in ClickFunnels HQ. Right back over there is where Russell's office is, straight through those doors, right over there. This is the sound booth room where we create all this stuff. Okay, now I'm excited for the One Funnel Way Challenge because of what it does for people. You guys are not the first person we brought through this challenge and this contest and I'm excited for you guys to be here. Now, first of all, first of all, please know I am not here to be kind of fluffy. All right, you guys, before we ever started doing the One Funnel Way Challenge, I was, I helped create the original two comic called coaching program. We had a lot of new people, a lot of successful people, a lot of people in between that we went and we helped them build their funnels and put stuff together. I was Russell Bunson's funnel builder for about two years here at ClickFunnels and then I left and jumped ship to go do it on my own as well and had a ton of fun doing it and it's been awesome. Okay, I want you to understand something though with this. Okay, you are not the first people we've brought through this and I want you to know the process we're about to teach is something that we've done with tons of people regardless of product, regardless of price point, regardless of industry. I don't care what you're selling if it's online or offline, I don't care. It's sales. Okay, and the purpose of this entire thing is just to get your first funnel off the ground. Now, real quick, come over to the side here real fast and let me know who here has the funnel up and running right now just so I get a little bit of a bead on who's actually got a funnel out there. Okay, who's got a funnel? Say I do. Yes, me, me, NectarPie, not up first time. I do, I do, I do, I do, I do. Okay, awesome. Cool. Now, for those of you guys who are brand new also, like, like don't have a ClickFunnels account yet. Okay, come over and say brand new just so I understand a little bit of a bead back and forth. Brand new, brand new, brand new. Sweet, brand spanking new. Sweet. Awesome, guys. Well, hey, I'm excited to have you guys here. Now, the way the challenge is set up and you guys likely have gotten this by now is you log in each day, you're going to go and you're going to watch a video from Russell and then come over here with my coaching stuff. And what I'm my goal, the whole role that I serve here is I have literally brought thousands, thousands personally through this process now. And there are places where I know you're going to get stuck. Okay, it's where everybody gets stuck. They're the same like three or four spots. My role is to get you through those. Now, please everybody right now raise your hand or come over to the side and just say hand or whatever. Okay, repeat after me. I say your name will not get offended. Oh, so willingly. I appreciate that. That's so nice of all of you guys. Okay, we had 6,000 people sign up for this challenge. Okay, 6,000 people. And I'm excited. We got 570 of you guys on right now. And I appreciate that. I'm not gonna fend off good. Okay, good. What I need you to be in is in a constant growth zone. Okay, in order to pull that off, you gotta not be tender on me. Okay, I don't want to waste time trying to stroke everyone's ego saying like, but you're still a good human being even though that was wrong. Can I just, can I just agreed everybody to say like, look, that was wrong. Is that all right? I hope it is because that's what makes this challenge so effective. And every time I do any other coaching and any other programs, okay, it's the fordness to the point. Look, this is how it is. This is how we build this out. What's done. That was wrong. And that's okay. All right. And that's okay. I built so many funnels on my own before anyone who ever successful before I ever worked here before I ever write. And I want you to understand no PC zone. Okay, what I want you to know, no tender onies. Okay, this is live. I'm going to know this is live. It's going to be live every day with me. It's January 14th, 1104. And if I look a little bit burnt or whatever, we just barely got off the two comic club crews. It was a bunch of fun. We had 400 people, we went on a cruise to the Bahamas, it's with kind of a higher end coaching program. And some of you guys will ask questions about that as we move forward, I'm sure. But anyways, I'm excited for this though. Now, yes, the no cry zone, right? I'm going to be on that cruise. Yeah, right. Yeah, totally. And you certainly can be. Now, the purpose again of the challenges to push you forward. So each day, the way it's laid out is there's a little tiny bite size thing I need you to do. It may not feel bite sized. Okay, and for that, I will not apologize. And there's going to be parts where I'm like, Hey, go do this. And you're going to feel and you're going to freak out and say, I don't know that I'm good enough to do that. You're right. You probably aren't. Okay, the purpose of the challenge is to get you through that crap. Okay, I have found more and more and more. The more often I do these challenges, it's not a question of, of is the framework you're treating me good enough? Does this actually work? Has anyone actually made it? It's not a question of those things. It is always an issue of me getting you through the crap between your ears. Okay, it's the reason where a lot of my aggression comes from in this game. I want you to understand something with me here though. Okay, this will be interactive and I'll go back and forth between the chat. Okay, guys, I'm really passionate about this because I am a product of this product. Okay, when I first started, okay, let me tell you, okay, my wife and I have been married for seven years. We've married for seven years and in that time, right, when we first got married, we were in love, we're excited, like, you know, just like the Beatles, all you need is love. Well, it turns out you need money also. Okay, I was in college and she was already graduated. And I was excited. We were going to this brand new town, we're going to this brand new, how many guys are married right now or have a significant other? How many guys have kids? Meaning you're not just solely flying on your own, right? All right, cool. So a lot of you guys have kids married, both are significant other. Awesome, cool. And if you don't, you're going solo, okay, awesome, awesome. Okay, well, yes, can probably relate with me then. When I first started, when we got married, I was, I was going to school, my wife had already graduated. We moved to a brand new town where it was a college town, which means there's more supply than demand. So people were working for like $3 an hour, literally, I could not work two full time jobs at that rate and even provide for us. Okay. And anyway, so I would wake up and I'd go to classes and I'd come back home and my wife, my new wife would still be in bed. I was like, what's, you okay? What's wrong? Are you okay right now? She's like, yeah, totally fine, totally fine, 100% fine with it. And okay, okay, yes, that's good. Yeah, you know, I didn't want to push her to ever and came back the next day, it'd be the same thing. She was still in bed and this weird pattern started. And for those you guys who are, you know, have that have a significant other, you know, that kind of starts to wear on you, because you're wondering what's going on. Well, I kept coming back, kept coming back, coming back and she'd still be in bed. And it's like something is wrong here. And after a while, I finally, I've told the story so many times, you guys, it's still hard for me to tell because it was very painful for me. And I'm just going to be vulnerable with you. I want you to be vulnerable with me in this challenge. Okay, be vulnerable with me back and forth. Just be open. You're not going to grow unless you aren't. Okay, so I'm going to, I'm going to be open with you. Okay, so anyway, I started coming home and reluctantly, because she didn't want to hurt my feelings. She told me that she just was eating one meal a day. We couldn't make an, we weren't making any money. I looked at the bank account and we couldn't even make it through the next three weeks. And she had been eating one meal a day behind my back. And, but all of the while, making me dinners and making me lunches so I could have energy in classes. So I do well, hoping that that would be our ticket out of sheer straight poverty. Okay. And, you know, that just, that wrecks you. And all of my self-esteem went out the window. This is seven years ago. Okay, all my self-esteem went out the window, all my semblance of like up and down. It just started to mess with my head. And I was like, anyway, it was really hard. And I was like, we got to get money somehow. I'm going to rob a bank or what, you know, I, I was like, funny enough, it's actually pretty easy to get a student loan in this country. So we went and we got student loans, but they weren't going to show up for four to six weeks. Four to six weeks. I was like, we're going to be dead next week. We can't, we're not going to make it. And so I did something that was, and some of you guys likely have done this. I did something that was culturally very against the way I was raised. I'm the oldest of six kids. I worked a lot of jobs growing up, a lot of labor jobs. I'm not, I'm not new to hard work. And my dad grew up on a farm and best gift to give her gave me was the gift of work. So I knew how to work. But so for me to call my dad and ask for money was, was very against the way I was raised. And it freaked me out. And I went to this, this room on campus. And I went in this, this, I remember that the vent, the ceilings, okay, the ceiling vent, the AC, I could still hear the hum, you know, I still hear it. And I was walking around and I took off my jacket. And I started pacing around in circles trying to psych myself up to make an insane phone call. And, and I called, I called my dad. And I said, I said, Hey, dad, I can't feed my wife. We got money coming. Will you float us three grand, the money will be here in three to six weeks or four to six weeks. We don't know how long, but it'll be here. And I'll pay you back as soon as the money comes. I did not grow up poor. It did not grow up rich. I knew my dad had the money. And there's a long pause on the phone. And I will tell you this moment changed my life. And this is the reason I'm so intense in this challenge as well. Okay. My dad looked at me or, you know, on the phone, there's a, there's a pause. I can tell he was anyway, there's a pause on the phone. And he said, he said, son, no, if I give you this money now, you will not exhaust the resources you didn't know you had. That's exactly what it told me. That's an awesome dad. Some know if I give you this money now, you will not exhaust the resources you didn't know you had. Okay. And I went to freaking work. Okay. I ran, man. I did every, and for the next like four years, I tried 17 businesses, 17. So, and it wasn't just trying. Okay. I was like, I was running and gunning. I was actually trying to sell stuff. And like, sometimes I'd make a little money. Sometimes I break even sometimes I lose money. Boom, back and forth. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, all the while still running through this like self esteem crisis of like, I'm not good enough. I'm not worthy enough. Don't tell me something's wrong with me because I can't make any money. And I'm hitting home on this. This is the one funnel way challenge. But I'll tell you, this challenge has actually developed to make you know you better. Okay. It is why I crafted a lot of the content the way it is. So when someone comes to me and they're like, I don't have time, bullcrap. Okay. When someone comes to me and they're like, Hey, I don't, I don't know that I can understand this one principle. And I'm like, Hey, you have this video, this video, this video, all these resources and Google, I have no sympathy. Okay. That's where I am with you. So you just know where I am. Okay. I want you to understand what happened. Okay. I started moving forward and I started moving forward and I started moving forward and and slow, very minute progress. Okay. I had dot com secrets. And that was it. Okay. Russell's book. That was all. I didn't have anything else. And you guys have so many more resources that I ever did. Okay. And I went in, I was like, I just got to make it work. I don't know how. And I remember the day looking in the mirror and I looked in the mirror and I started hitting it in the mirror and I was like, I will be the best funnel builder in the world. Okay. That's I choose and declare that's where I'm going. Okay. Am I, I have no idea, but the pursuit of it is what created all this. You understand? Okay. What I'm trying to create for you here and what this challenge is, is a scenario where you can voluntarily put your back against the wall. That's the purpose of the challenge. Okay. And when people fall off, it's because they're not willing to do that. It's not a question anymore of do funnels work, do funnels work. That's not the issue anymore. Okay. The issue is, am I willing to grow to be able to launch a funnel? I don't know how to write copy. Duh, you probably haven't done it. I've never shot video. Of course you haven't. Right. I've never launched a funnel. Awesome. Or if you have and you're like trying to get the next thing out, like you guys understand this is all a growth thing and your business, your life, your income is directly correlated with the types of problems that you solve. And if you're willing to solve problems only of nine to five, the standard nine to five, four, okay job, that is the income level you will be gifted with. You want higher income, solve bigger problems. You want bigger problems, you want to be able to solve them? You have got, you have got to gain a little bit of a strength in mind. So when people come in your way, you can say, Oh man, I can get that. I could do that. I don't know how, but I'm going to figure that out. Right. And you're cool with that. And that's all right. And I'm going to go a little psycho sometimes and I'm going to call you out and I'm going to call you out of my name and I just want you to know where I'm coming from on it. Because I'm a product of this product. I came from poverty. We had nothing and when it like sack up, okay. That's all I'm trying to say. Right. So the point of the challenge is that now what happened was I started going in and trying to build funnels and they sucked. I mean, I was so bad at them. I remember the first day I wrote in the click funnel support to ask them how to change background color on the page. Okay. Seriously. That like I came from here all you know up. You guys are like here up. Okay. I remember walking on in and say like, Hey, and I became that guy to support and I would ask two or three questions a day for about a year. This was right after the left beta. And I was like, man, I got to get to fun hiking live and I didn't have money to get to fun hiking live. I didn't. We were living on loans. My wife and I made $18,000 a first year of marriage straight on student loans. Okay. Straight on student loans. But I didn't make anything. And so to get to fun hiking live and a plane ticket and hotel and the event ticket and all this stuff, it was like, there's no way I could ever do that. And because we live on loans for so long. Okay. So I didn't have money for fun hiking live and but I needed to go. I couldn't explain it much like a lot of you guys here there and here and now. Okay. I couldn't explain why I needed to do it, but I knew I needed to. So I was like, I'm going to get to fun hiking live. And I started trading funnels for plane tickets and funnels for hotel tickets and funnels for the actual event ticket itself. And I bootstrapped my way to fun hiking live. That's how I got there the first time. Okay. And I had, I had done enough with click funnel stuff. Okay. That when I walked in the door, I walked in the door, the support staff knew who I was and they offered me jobs at click funnels five times throughout the event. Okay. And one week later, I graduated college and three days later, I was sitting next to Russell Brunson that far away. He's in that room right over there right now, right outside those doors down to the left. Okay. And that's how it happened. Okay. And it's because I was qualified. I was qualified because willing to feel growth. I was willing to feel growth because I was in a place of pain. Okay. So there's two different ways you can approach what we're about to do inside this challenge. Number one, be like, Oh, I've already launched a funnel. I'm not willing to put my back against the wall. Okay. Or number two, I'm willing to feel a little bit of pain because my back is already against the wall. Sometimes you guys take action a little bit faster. Sometimes if you're brand new, you also have a little bit more noise in the head over getting stuff done because it's your first time doing it. Okay. So just know like that's why I'm coming from this straight honesty, super forward. If you're wrong, I'm going to tell you have thick skin and just know that it's because I've I've got 500 sales phones while I was here sitting next to them. They brought in millions and tens of millions of dollars. Okay. And they work. It's not a matter of does it work for my product, my industry, my price point, but I'm in a different scenario. No, you're not. It's a framework. Okay. Okay. The biggest danger you will have inside of this is to think that you're an exception to the rule. Okay. I want to teach you one more thing here. Can I just teach you something really, really awesome here as well? Two things here and then I need to go over a few housekeeping things. Okay. The reason why this stuff does so well is because we have gone through and figured out how to go in and make it work in all these industries and all these things. So the purpose of this challenge is just to get you a funnel off the ground. Okay. We're going to teach you how to make a low end front end funnel. Okay. A low ticket front end funnel that's going to break even on traffic so you can push to other places and cash out, make a lot of money. Okay. That's exactly what I did. It's exactly what a lot of people do. It's awesome. Okay. You guys asking about the shirt? This is my own shirt. Anyway. Okay. What I need you to understand is that I am not interested in teaching you guys flash in the pan strategies. The reason I am where I am, I'm only 30 years old and I know the reason why stuff has worked out is because I don't go learn the shiny crap in life. I only go learn the frameworks that cause cash as a rule. Let me explain. One of the first businesses I went and tried was stocks and options. Okay. And I went and I borrowed $15,000 that I did not have to go learn stocks and options trading from a guy that I later found out knew he was teaching us old strategies. Now I call that not ethical. Okay. But anyways, that was the reality. That's what was happening. The thing I didn't like about what he was teaching is that he was teaching strategies that were sexy but were very much flash in the pan algorithm could change tomorrow kind of strategies. I'm not into teaching that kind of garbage. Okay. That's not what this challenge is about. I actually try never to learn that stuff and awesomely enough. Okay. That's like the last 20% of any project being successful. But most people get allured by it. Stop skipping the 80% in front of it that is the framework that causes success as a rule, not an exception to the rule. You guys getting that? There are things that regardless of products, regardless of price, regardless of price point industry, online sales, offline sales, lead gen point of sale on the internet, I don't care. I don't care what you're selling. There's 80% is exactly the freaking same in everything that's out there. And that's what I'm trying to say. Like I'm not teaching you guys the 20% over here that looks sexy. So if you're like, this doesn't look like it's very sexy. Man, it's the same crap that works in every industry. That's why we're teaching it to you. It's the same framework, same model. Okay. Same wireframe, the exact same footsteps that you can put your foot in. And typically as a rule, you're going to make money on the other side. If you just get over your crap in your head and do it. Okay. So just understand that I'm trying to pre frame the strategies that we're going to teach in here because they're not these flash in the pan crap noise. I hate that junk. Okay. I don't learn it. And funny enough, millions of dollars are made just through that 80% that someone has already paved. I don't got to go make it up. I don't have to learn it. I spent so much guys literally 17 tries, you know how hard that was. Is this the one that's going to work? You know, loved ones start asking that question. How many guys again that question right now? Is this the business that's going to work? Sucks, right? I had that question so many times. It blows, man. I had that so, oh my gosh. And like on the inside, you're like, I don't know. I hope it is. And on the outside, you're like, yeah, what's up? Of course, it's the one that's going to work. Ain't nothing but a thing. What's up? I'm the man with the plan, right? And I, right, you know what I'm saying? We've all been there before. Okay. Where people start asking you that question. Is this the one that's going to work? Is this the one that's going to help you? Is this the one that's finally going to make us and get it out there? Is this is just one, right? And I get it. And that's a crappy place to be. And the thing that I had to realize is that I was studying all these flash in the pan strategies. I was learning cool crap, but I had not learned the 80% that causes success as a rule. That is what the curriculum of this challenge is. So that you understand, like first of all, my mentality is I move forward on this. I'm going to call you out. Number two, what we're teaching is extremely vetted. And it is only the important stuff. I hate teaching stuff that is not evergreen. I don't do any role in my business that is not evergreen. Hey, I, I, I outsource that crap. Okay. Because it doesn't, it could be gone tomorrow. All right. A little while ago, Russell was telling me this story. When he first started, he had a mentor named Mark Joyner and he's the man and you guys like to lay foot of him. He was one of Russell's first mentors and Russell really wanted to go into do this certain kind of businesses that was really popular. What people were doing is they were out there. It was when fax machines had like no laws. And so they would fax ads, just spamming ads to fax machines, tens of thousands of them, hundreds of thousands of them. Okay. They just start faxing these ads to, right? And people would be making millions of dollars off of these things. And Russell, at the beginning, was like, dude, Mark, I want to go do this, right? Talking to Mark Joyner, you're like, let me go do this, man. Look how much money people are making. And Mark would be like, and be like, no, no, no, focus on the fundamental, focus on the fundamental, focus on the fundamental. Okay. What ended up happening is literally like two months later, right? The FTC came in, changed all the laws, made it illegal. Everyone of those people lost their businesses overnight. Okay. And Russell, because he had been focusing on list building, had a list. He actually had an asset. Okay. We're going to teach you how to do that. We're going to do that on the internet with you guys during this challenge. We're going to build you and help you build the actual asset of the internet, which is a list. Okay. And since he built this list, his business was able to survive and thrive. And most of the people actually had to go back and work corporate jobs. Okay. Crazy stuff. Okay. Anyway, that's the point of this though. Okay. As I look back, and as I start thinking, actually, you know what? Okay, I want to go through, come at me with the 80%. Oh, yeah, baby. Okay. Check this out. Guys, I have some rules. Okay. Now, like any contract, there are two sides to it. Okay. And so what I want to do real quick is show you guys some rules that I follow that I will deliver. I will deliver. I have done this many times. I'm not new. I've done this thousands of times with thousands of people. I know how to make it work. And you know, I know to make it work in your industry, whatever you're coming into, I've done it multiple times. I'm very forward on the way I present this stuff. But it's a two way road. Okay. There was a time I was at this event and this person ran up to the side and they're like, would you just build all this for me? I was like, no. But like, how come? Like, well, you're, you need, you need to figure this out. Like, but you should just come on. You should probably just like, why don't you, why don't you just do this for me? I was like, no, it doesn't work that way. I was like, you got to learn how to do this stuff on your own. See, even if you have a product or a service. Yeah, guys, I don't care if you're selling product or service is the exact same thing. Don't don't don't get lured by the lie that you're different. Okay. It's the same 80%. All right. Few rules, few housekeeping rules, okay. Contracts, two sides, side to side. Okay. Number one, here's 14 of them. Okay. Number one, if you will do the work, okay, then I will show you what work matters. I will not waste your time. I am a time Nazi myself. I hate my time wasted and I will not waste your time. Okay. If you do the work, I will show you what work matters. Okay. If you show up hungry, okay, I will match your hunger. I love that one. I love that one. I am not here to save you. I am not here to build your funnel. I am not here to write your copy. I am not here to coddle you. I am not, okay. You understand you feel me? Okay. That's not that's not my role and I would never deprive you of the growth that it requires for you to learn that on your own anyway. Okay. Number three, I'm just going to read this here. Okay. I want to understand that if you will not use your current or past situation as an excuse, this is getting spicy. Okay. Then I will help call you out on your own BS. Okay. How many guys feel like you have a shortness of time? I don't know if I can be able to challenge because I don't have any time. Okay. That's garbage. That's garbage. I was in college. Okay. I was married. We had kids. I was in college full time. I was in the army. Okay. I was, I was start trying to start businesses. Okay. Make it work. Someone else likely doesn't have the answer. It's probably just going to come for you. What's your plan to get over the scenario you're in right now and just move forward. Okay. So if you are not, if you agree to not use your current situation as a crutch, I will help call you out on your own BS. I don't have enough money. Then bootstrap it. How do I bootstrap it? Google it. Okay. How do I Google it? Are you serious? Get it? Feel me? All right. Street. Number four. Okay. If you will not make someone else responsible for your results, then I will not do it for you. Okay. That's the other thing is I'm not going to do this for you as well. This is my favorite area to come do this in because guys, I totally understand that some of you guys are coming in here as business owners and you're like, I don't want to be a funnel builder. Totally get it. Okay. Like I'm not going to be a funnel builder. I'm running my business. Awesome. I totally get it. I totally understand that. Okay. But, but the things that I'm going to go over with you are the things that the entrepreneur needs to be involved in. All right. I will tell you when it is appropriate to typically outsource those certain kinds of roles if that's the stage that you're in. If you can't afford to outsource to somebody, then don't. I couldn't forever. Okay. I launched so many funnels before none of them worked. It sucked. But it's the reality. It was the reality of it. Okay. Whatever. Okay. It does. Who cares? Okay. Okay. Number five, I want you to know that if you if you will be polite to your naysayers, I promise I'll make this a safe house for you. I'm not here to just pound you down. I want you to understand that as well. I'm not here to just like, like you suck, you suck, you suck. That's not what I'm doing here at all. Okay. I understand that you do need a safe house. Entrepreneurship is one of the loneliest games on the planet. Okay. It is. It is also a game where you can live like most people can't when you start to figure it out. It's the same principles regardless of what you're selling. That's what we're going to teach you here. Okay. Okay. But I also understand like if you if you say hi to the naysayers, don't go psycho on them like I used to. I did. Okay. I promise that this will be an awesome safe house where you can network. You can be together. This is like this is a cool spot where you can hang out. You can be with a group of people who are trying to progress in life, which is awesome. So I'm not here to just pound you down. So you hope you understand that as well. Number six, I want you guys to understand that you need to compare yourself. This is this is easily this is one of the top five easiest, most frequent things that I see someone do. Do not compare yourself to someone else. Okay. The race is you against you. So if you come back, right, this is where depression and entrepreneur happens. Oh my gosh, it's starting to work. This is so amazing, right? New lights I see in color now. Everything was black and white for a while. Everything's amazing. So cool. And then you look forward and you're like, crap, I'm doing really well, but I'm not doing as well as that guy over there. And look, I didn't do it as fast as that lady over there. And my stuff's not as good as that person over there. Then all this noise happens. Enter depression, right? That's where depression comes flying in. And you're like, crap, I'm not good enough. Anyway, I should just link back to my job. Right. 100%. That is that is straight up how it works. Okay. Do not do not dance, Sullivan teaches this. Okay. Do not compare yourself to somebody else. You compare you to your history. And that's it. When I can turn around and I can measure my progress against myself. Crap. Look what I got done. I'm a bad man. I'm a jama. What's up? Right. And I can look back and be like, look at these things I did. And that was hard. And that was hard. And that was hard, but I overcame it. And I overcame that and I overcame that and I overcame that. Right. Then you start to collect these experiences that give you momentum when stuff starts popping up. You're like, oh man, here's the next challenge. Or oh man, Russell said, Stephen, I need you to be able to spend 11 minutes, right? Which has happened several times. Okay. You need to understand that that is that is where progress in an entrepreneur's life comes. You need small wins, but you will negate, right? You will demean all of the wins you're experiencing in this challenge, the moment that you look at somebody else and say, I accomplished, but it's not that good of an accomplishment compared to them. Okay. And yes, I'm a psycho on camera. I totally get that. I just freaking hate boring speakers. So I will always try and keep this entertaining and I will yell a lot. Okay. Anyway. Okay. Number seven here. I want to understand that if you will earnestly attempt to answer all questions on your own, then I will coach you to the answer. The hard part about this, and I'm just going to be open again. Most adults that I coach in this. Okay. Most adults that I coach in this, think about this. Okay. We grow up our lives and this, I'm not, I'm not bad at mouthing anything. There's no bad mouth and going on at all, but we've grown up most of our lives and we're like, Oh man. Oh man, what should I go do? What should I wear? What should I eat? What should I, what should my aspirations be? What should my dreams be? What should this be? And somebody else is feeding us train tracks. I don't have to come up with them. Right. I got a five year old, I got a three year old, and I got a seven month old. They're not really making most of life altering decisions on their own right now. Right. And that's fine. But there's kind of come a point in their life, right? Where I'm going to start having them architect their own track so that when they leave my nest, right, when they leave my flock and they are out and they're adults, they know how to build tracks on their own. Okay. That's like wicked key, man. Most adults don't know how to do that. And so what ends up, this is what happens. Okay. All of these rules are, I wrote them because they are the result of me doing this through thousands of people. And this is what happens. This is me. Hey guys, this is the challenge here and you need to do X, Y and Z. Right. And then the moment I say X, Y and Z, then someone's like, okay, awesome. And then I get a bunch of PMs or DMs. Steven, how do I do X again? No, Google it. Okay. I'm not here to answer every single question. Entrepreneurship is sales plus question answering. That's all it is. Right. I need you to learn how to solve problems. And I'm not yelling at you. I'm just bringing it in front of you. Okay. I have a YouTube education. Okay. I was driving traffic for Paul Mitchell, like hair Paul Mitchell, right? I was trying. I didn't know how to drive traffic for Paul Mitchell. I was literally learning tutorials from YouTube. We were getting him great results. But I was like, yeah, I know other people have done that in the past. I was in college. I know other people have done that in the past. I'll totally do that Paul Mitchell. Okay. And then he said, okay, sweet. Why don't you come in like two or three days from now? I was like, sweet. Enter crazy YouTube deep dive zone. How do I drive traffic? How do I drive traffic? How do I drive traffic? Is that interesting? Okay. That is entrepreneurship. To entrepreneur, something is to create something. To create something means you have to actually make it. Right. In order to make it means it has to come from you. There are parts of it that I cannot answer and will never attempt to answer. Okay. And when someone asks a question like, well, how does it work in this scenario? Man, I want to go nuts. Okay. Do you understand? And it's out of love. It really is. But I'm trying to break this adult mentality that pops in like, I want to do everything right. And I'm not making fun of you. Remember, we all agreed to have thick skin. Okay. How do you change background color? That's right, Rob. Right. Okay. I'm not yelling at you, but I'm saying what I'm trying to do is get you to flex the muscle that says, I don't know that this is exactly right, but I'm an entrepreneur. I'm going to try it and I'm a rule breaker. And I'm going to go ahead and just try it because I think it's good enough. That's all the validation you need. Learn the framework. There's going to be a bunch of small things in between that you will have to solve. And that's fine. And that's part of it. Okay. I just want you to know that that's where it all comes from. Okay. So just flex the ambiguity muscle. I'm not going to know all the answers for everything all the time. Yeah. Welcome to entrepreneurship. Right. That's what it is. Welcome to the funnel building. That's okay. All right. But Google's there. YouTube is there. All the resources are here. Okay. And it's simply a matter most of the time of someone spending five minutes to answer it on their own. And you know what happens? If I answer it for them, they come back and ask the next question. Stephen, how do I change background color? Man, there's a freaking dog on that. Did you look on the click funnel support docs? I think I read all of them. Right. How do I do this? How do I do this? How does it look? Man, you're missing the point here. Flex that muscle. Okay. Of how you solve things on your own. Okay. All right. We're almost done here. Do I have throat insurance? Is this a recording? Yes. And by the way, all these do get recorded and they will get uploaded and they get emailed out to you with notifications as well. Just in case you want to watch something else or if I went freaking nuts or whatever, you know, you're like, I want to watch them go psycho again. You can always go back and watch again. Okay. Number eight. Okay. You have to understand that you buy success with your own time. Okay. Somebody's asking me once like, Stephen, I can't believe everything you've accomplished. How'd you do that? I said, thanks. I bought it with my time when you were watching Netflix. Turn off Netflix for the next 30 days, my friends. Just do it. Okay. Turn off. Just get serious about this stuff and declare to the world. This is what I'm going to do. Every year I declare my goal publicly to the world what I'm going to do in revenue this next year. Okay. And then I count for how the previous year went. Scariest thing I do every year. I hate it, drives me nuts. The only reason I do it is because I know when I say publicly, boom, declare, here's my goal. I get a ton of support from people that I would not otherwise get and holds my own feet to the fire when I want to start binging on my fourth round of the office. Okay. On Netflix. Okay. Guys, number five, I want to understand something else. If you guys will promise to not freak out about the clock, I will help you use the clock to get your results. Let me explain that. Okay. Too many times, man. People are like, well, Stephen, of course you could build this funnel in a day. You're a funnel builder. Yeah, I didn't start that way. I failed out of college my first semester. They made me leave for four years. I had to go reapply. I had to learn how to learn, then come back, and I got almost got straight as afterwards. Okay. I got Mercy graduated from high school. Okay. I was the shyest kid in my high school, 600 graduating people. I got the nicest kid award inside of high school. Okay. It wasn't because I was nice guys. It was because I didn't know how to speak. Okay. I was 35% body fat. I had a double chin and I was working on a triple. Okay. What I'm trying to say to you here is like, don't freak out about the clock. Right. That's another symptom of you comparing you to other places. Okay. What you are in right now, this scenario, okay, the scenario in right now has been crafted for your gain. Stephen, I can't be successful because I don't have enough time garbage. Okay. Drives me nuts. That one. I go nuts over that one. Stephen, I can't be successful in the one final eight challenge because I don't know how to add a new funnel. Are you freaking kidding me? Click the button that says add funnel. Right. I see that I can't be successful because I don't know how to write copy. Did you watch the copy video? No. What? Are you serious? Okay. What I'm trying to help you guys understand with this whole thing is like you cannot compare yourself to the clock. You cannot compare yourself to other people. If it takes you a little bit of time more than the next guy, next girl to get it done, just sack up and know that that's how it gets done. And that's okay. Okay. You're at a race of you against you and that's the purpose of this. I'm trying your life and heart. I know I'm crazy. Okay. But I want you to understand like everything that has happened in your past is a gift to you. Okay. There was a, I went to a counselor. Okay. I was going through a rough patch. I'm just going to be open with you guys this whole challenge. Okay. I was going through a rough patch and I went to this counselor and I talked to this counselor and the counselor looked at me and he said, you go Stephen. Have you ever been tested for ADHD? And I got offended and I was like, what? Don't tell me something's wrong with me. Nothing's wrong with me. Don't ask me if I have ADHD. I'm offended. Even asked. Right. And I got mad and I went and I took this test and I brought it back to him the next week and I handed it over to him and I said, Hey, here's the test. Like, I don't have ADHD. Don't you dare tell me something's wrong with me. I'm not a broken person. Okay. That's what I was feeling and you're likely to experience that a little bit in the side of this course. Don't tell me something's wrong with me. Don't tell me something. Right. And so what's interesting is he took the test results back and he came back out of the room and he started looking at him and he looks at him and he goes, no, Stephen, you don't have ADHD, but you have a lot of symptoms of ADHD. And I was like, isn't that how you determine if you have something? It's like, so I do, but I don't. And what, what was interesting, what was interesting about that though is I started carrying that as a banner in my mind that became a disqualifier for me moving forward on some of my dreams. Okay. And I started, I can't because of this, right? And it was like, I'm marching with this flag. I can't because of this. I'm not good enough. I'm disqualified. Right. I remember for a while, I did not think I'd be successful in this game because I didn't own a briefcase. Like that's stupid. That's true though. Right. That's stupid. What you're saying in your head right now, but why you can't do this is stupid too. That's the only reason I'm bringing it up. So it's the only reason I'm bringing it up. Don't compare yourself to the clock. Don't compare yourself to where you are. Don't compare yourself to somebody else. Don't try to disqualify yourself. I'm not good enough. I'm not smart enough. I've got this, this and that. I've got that acronym behind my name. Whatever. Right. I'm dyslexic. I'm this, I'm this, I'm this. I don't care what you've got. Everything that is in your life right now becomes your superpower on the internet. There's a coin that I keep next to my desk. Okay. This coin, this is very powerful to me. Okay. I keep it in this little case right here. This coin is very powerful to me. And I want, this is the purpose of today's challenge. Okay. And they're not always going to be like this long, but I'm just trying to help you guys understand this. Okay. Okay. The coin says this, the obstacle is the way. Okay. And on the back, it says the impediment to action advances action. What stands in the way becomes the way. Okay. The conversation in my head started as, I don't have money to get the funnel hacking live. And I started thinking about things like this. I don't think I heard this quote at that time, but I was like, how can I be resourceful because I don't have resources. What if I built funnels in exchange for plane tickets? What if I built funnels in exchange for hotel tickets in exchange for the actual hotel nights, right? And I'm just going to boot my bootstrap my way there. And as I was so poor when I finally got there, I literally rented one of those street bikes in San Diego. You know, those little, the pedal bikes and I slung my luggage after I landed over my shoulder and I literally rode my bike through, right? Through San Diego, around the bay with my luggage around my shoulder. I was like, man, I got to get the fucking life. I don't know why I don't understand. And that's how I got there. Okay. That's how I got there. You know what's funny about that? And the reason I bring this up, guys, the reason why I started working for Russell Brunson eight days later is because I didn't have money to get to his first event. The fact that I didn't have money to get to that first Funnel Hacking Live event. Okay. That is what qualified me and made me learn the things I needed to learn in order to succeed. Okay. I'm convinced I wouldn't have worked for Russell. I probably wouldn't be here if I had the money to get to that first event because I didn't have it. And I decided to lean in to my obstacle instead of away from because I leaned into the obstacle. What happened was I had to go learn funnels on a depth out of desperation because it's how it was getting me somewhere. Okay. I had to go learn traffic. I had to go learn copywriting. I had to go learn video. I couldn't afford the software programs that video and all the stuff. I literally did it all inside of public libraries because I knew they had that kind of software. I'd go rent cameras and I would keep them too long and I'd go hide in these rooms around campus and I'd film my first course. Right. And then I go back to the library, return the camera, take the SD card, plug it in and record right there. Then right there, the very computer I'm on right now, I traded funnels for it. Okay. I just want you to understand like when someone says I can't do this challenge, Stephen, because of this constraint and this constraint and this obstacle and wall, wall, wall, wall, wall, wall, wall, wall. And I'm like, dude, you're negating the very thing that gives you the fuel and superpower to push you forward. Stop badmouthing it. You don't have time. Lean in. Okay. You don't have money. You're in like the most awesome position ever. A lot of you guys have heard my story about me not being able to feel, feed my wife. That's one of the major reasons people follow me. That story that was a weakness became my superpower on the internet. The internet's the only place where you're allowed to do that kind of crap. I can't do that anywhere else. The internet is amazing that way. I become followable when I take the things that I think are holding me back and I blast through them publicly. Okay. What does this have to do with building a funnel? It has everything to do with building a funnel. Okay. The first time I ever went and started coaching people, it was 600 students with just myself. They had all paid 15 to 20 grand to be in the room with me. And we all thought I was going to teach marketing strategies. Is that awesome? Seriously, we all thought that's what we all thought I was going to be teaching. I only teach marketing strategies probably 30 to 40% of the time. The rest of the things that I do as a coach is just to help people get over their own garbage and actually take action on that 30, 40%. Okay. Seriously, I had no idea. None of us had any idea that I'd be doing it in this type of area. The one funnel way challenge. Yes, you're going to build a funnel. But along the way is like this mini opportunity and course where you can, if you want to, if you want to grow a little, put your back against the wall, feel a little pain, right? And feel the explosive growth that comes as you get real and raw with where you are and where you are not. Okay. The obstacle is the way. Steve, I don't have money. I don't feel bad for you. Okay. Steve, I don't have time. I don't feel bad. No sympathy is coming from me. Okay. I have empathy because I've been there. I don't have sympathy. Okay. Declare where you are. And that's totally cool. But use it as fuel to move forward. Okay. Every entrepreneur I've ever found has had to go through some kind of mental garbage like this. Okay. Where they start to get real with themselves and they stop trying to pretend. And I swear if any of you guys go rent a Lamborghini and take a picture in front of it to try and get credibility, I'm going to fly to you and slap you. Okay. Be real with where you are and where you are not. And that's, that's like the big first step. Okay. Rule number 11. Guys, if you choose to get uncomfortable every day, I will create environments for you to create positive stress. Something you need to understand with this is that I am going to try to stress you out. Okay. I'm going to, and it's not going to be hard. I know how to. Okay. But not all stress is negative. Okay. I love stress. There is, there is you stress as a euphoria and there is de-stress, destructive. Okay. Destructive stress is the kind that tears you down. That's the negative kind of stress. I don't want to have that kind of stress. You stress is the kind of stress I might feel in a gym. Okay. Where I'm going to go and feel stress, but it's growth stress. Okay. Make sure that you know the difference between the two. Your threshold and tolerance for stress is going to be different than everybody else's. So you got to self detect that a little bit. But what I need you to do is start saying like, man, this today's challenge is going to be really, really hard. Awesome. No. Okay. I'm feeling some huge stress, right? Not de-stress. And I'm going to always try and keep you in this, in this, in the positive stress zone if you're willing to feel it. Okay. Number 12, if you guys will be brutally honest with where you are, I will applaud your progress. If you try to lie to me and just try and impress me or whoever, I don't care, whatever, like it's not impressive. Okay. Number 13, I need you guys to start killing parts of your old self. If not all. Okay. The most challenging aspect of what I do typically requires somebody to look at where they are and look at their history and how they were raised and the attitudes and beliefs they were handed off about money. Okay. Most often than not, it's that money. Okay. And so you're going to have to look at them and look at your own head and be like, crap. Oh, my parents did a great job or maybe they didn't, whatever. Either war, whatever's honest. My parents did a great job. They didn't do a great job. Whatever it is, I have picked up beliefs about money that I may need to let go. Okay. This is a fantastic opportunity to do that. And my promise to you is that if you're willing to kill parts of your old self, I will applaud your progress and I will ask if you're satisfied with you and where you are. And you'll notice that as you start moving forward in this game, it becomes an accelerant to personal progress. This is the most aggressive, amazing entrepreneurship in general. Best personal development course I've ever taken ever. Right. Inevitably. This is awesome. Okay. Number 14, if you lean in, so will I. Okay. I just want to understand that. There's some ground rules with this. Okay. I'm going to teach you how to sell. I'm going to teach you how to build funnels. I'm going to teach you how to build offers. And I'm going to teach you how to make hooks. We're going to teach you how to get some traffic. We're going to teach you there's going to be a lot of stuff that we teach throughout this. What always kills the goose guys is if someone pops in and starts saying things like, well, I don't think it really fits where they are with where I am. Dora Rage man. Bull crap. That is not true at all. Yes, it fits where you are. Okay. I built funnels for freaking toilet paper. Toilet paper. I made one for tape. Okay. Made one for B2B leads. Made one for visas. Like international visas. Made one for, of course, info products and coaching, consulting. Like, that's the standard kind of area to go, which is awesome. Okay. Okay. I just need you to understand like what happens because the turn away from somebody requires that they start to neglect themselves and their personal progress. And usually it ends with them blaming me for something, which is fine. And that's going to happen. But I just want to be self aware of that. Okay. Guys, realize that the obstacle is the way. Okay. We made a cool sheet with the 14 rules. You guys can download it. We'll make sure you guys get that sent out to you as well. But I will understand the obstacle is the way. Okay. I keep this on my desk. And every time I start to go a little Betty white, anytime I start to complain in my head, I sit back and I'm like, what's the obstacle I'm trying to face here? And I start looking at this and like impediment to action advances action, what stands on the way becomes the way. Crap. I'm not, I'm not good enough for what the market is requiring in order to be successful with this yet. What am I pushing against? Why am I starting to blame people? Why am I starting to blame others? How come I feel a lack of progress? Right? I do that a lot. I'm very introspective. And I just want you to understand like what, what is going on as I start, as I start to say those things, I start to do these things, I start them. It's totally about that. Because the formulas, they're freaking learnable. Right? I'm going to teach you the 80% that makes a good enough sales message to make a lot of money. The good enough formula for how to make a funnel to make a lot of money, the good enough framework, the 80% good enough framework, the formula for how to go make an offer, how to get traffic, what screws people over is like, is them pushing against the rock saying like, I don't think this rock wants to break. Someone come break it for me. Okay. Guys, appreciate you. You're all awesome. Today's challenge is for you to be a little bit introspective, sit back and realize with brutal honesty where you are. Okay. Go download the worksheet in there. It will ask you what the lot of your false beliefs are and be open about it. And I dare you to publish about it, meaning go make a post or tell somebody that way it's out and you're not bottling it in. You know what? I realized I've got an inhibition over the amount of time I have. That's not really true, man. I've really looked at what I've been doing. I've spent like two or three hours a day building my stuff. Man, two or three hours a day is how I built everything for the first two years on my own in college. That's plenty of time. Okay. All right. Oh, Steven, I realized I've got an inhibition. I've got a hang up. I've got a false belief around money making. I realized I feel like I'm a dirtbag when I make money. Man, I'm the capitalist pig. All right. I'm the capitalist pig because I went through that same thing. How many of you guys have read the book Rich Dad Poor Dad? All right. Remember Rich Dad Poor Dad? He says there are three asset types. This is one of the first books that brought me into entrepreneurship. Right. He said those three different asset types if you remember his voice at all. Right. He's like, he's like the three different asset types. Right. There's businesses, there's paper assets, and then there's real estate. Right. I specifically did not do business first or second because I did not want to appear greedy. That, my friends, showed a lot of the false beliefs I was dealing with in my own head. Okay. I didn't, I was not self aware of it though for a long time. And when I was able to finally get over that, I was like, oh crap. Like I have an inhibition over money making. I think everyone who makes money is greedy. That's stupid. How do I flip that on its head and become the capitalist pig? I'm going to aggressively try to make money publicly as much as I possibly can. Right. Okay. What day one is about is it is a gift to you to help you overcome your own inhibition, your own thing that you see, whatever the, not like a million obstacles. This is not a self pity sesh. Don't sit back and write this list of all this garbage that you're bad at. That's just going to depress you. Okay. Just choose one. What's the major obstacle in your brain that has to do with belief that has actually kept you all along or maybe it's your first time from trying to make money. What is it? Well, I don't have the resources. I don't have support from spouse. A lot of people say that. Okay. I don't have the money. I don't have the time. Okay. I don't think I'm good enough. I don't think I'm smart enough. I don't think I'm going to be able to pull us off. I don't know how to talk on camera. I don't write. These are all those standard ones I hear. I don't know. Talking on camera. I'm not a techie. That one drives me nuts. Okay. I'm not either. I'm really not. What I am is a YouTuber that looks up tutorials. Okay. Seriously. Okay. I'm not, I don't know how to write a sales message. I don't, okay. We're going to teach you that. And then a lot of people will be like, well, is this good enough for my product? Is this good enough for my product industry? I'm brand new. Product or service, right? Physical, digital. This product, that price point, right? This industry, this, that industry. I'm like, yes, it works. It works. Okay. But it's by, it's like freaking yoga, the Yoda, right? He's like, named your fear must be until conquer it. You can write. What he says that. He has never that. What I need you to do is freaking name your fear. What is your false belief? Write it down. I dare you to publish about it. Say something else. Right. Say something. This is, this is what I've realized has kept me back all these years. And I'm telling everybody, because I'm sick of it. I'm tired of it. And I'm going to go break it. Okay. That is the purpose of this, of day number one. Guys, so that's the challenge. Go download the worksheet, follow it, name your fears, name your false beliefs and start setting up your brain in a way of self-awareness so that it can be broken. Guys, thanks so much. We'll see you until the tomorrow's challenge. Bye.