Who here loved the last two sessions? Everybody loved it great. Yeah, I just remember my when I went through the whole power to anything I didn't know much about any of the experience I was gonna have happen all I knew is that what they had done with Kevin Wilkie I just seen the results. I don't know who they were and I know anything their background I just knew Kevin Wilkie had these huge results with it So I flew out there and I went through that you know similar process like that with them and their office and just it was it was Amazing thing so hopefully guys paid a lot of attention We are recording this as you know make sure we get you guys copies of the videos because just going back and watching Dave I have so much fun watching him like especially when he's not teaching people what he's doing See obviously he was like sharing behind the scenes with you guys You got to see what he was doing and why he was doing it It just makes me laugh when knowing what it what he's doing like watching him do it and kind of seeing all this stuff happens Really fun. So anyway Okay, this presentation I'm gonna be talking to probably just about 45 minutes or so I'm more of a short one right now and then and then I have a really close friend of me introducing after this And so I'm not taking a break after she's going straight from for me to her But I just wanted this session You know we've had a lot of questions about obviously automated webinar type stuff People want to know what kind of software and those type of things So I'm gonna spend a little bit of time right now talking about some software And then we talked a little about how to start getting affiliates to promote your stuff and then tonight like I said after dinner I'm trying to this is me setting my hook So I'm gonna start giving some really good crap and you know like yeah Yeah, and then I'm gonna be like hey after dinner then you gotta come back so then everyone will come back, right? So you have to give me your word right now that you're gonna come back after dinner so raise your hand to the square, okay? Russell I promise I'm coming back immediately After dinner awesome, okay What was that if he's still alive? Okay, cool. All right, so anyone here currently doing any automated webinars yet? Couple people awesome, so three or four people So there's a lot of software programs that are out there the worst of them by far is my own software Just you guys know so don't use that one. I told you guys this story yesterday We developed I think it was the second Webinar replay software I'd ever seen first one Ryan Dice that just used for his for his own I saw it so we made a whole system that that sold and we launched it about almost a year and a half ago now And I just didn't take off the time like no one really got it. They're all kind of like oh So we didn't sell very well, so I just kind of stopped trying like well if people don't want it I'm not gonna like keep spending much money on it and then last year and a half There's been probably 20 that have come out that are just amazing to have so many features and just so much cool stuff But I'm gonna break down. There's basically there's three that are my favorite and there's one other one I'm gonna share with you really quickly These three ones that I've personally worked with my hands have had some experience with my know how they work and we've had a Really good feedback those these would be my personal recommendations of what I would use before I give you my personal recommendation There's one that Dave told me out last night I was this morning watching all the videos about it was really cool. It's called on FB webinar calm Facebook webinar What's that? With the what? Oh with the plural FB webinars calm and anyways really cool I still get the whole gist of how it works But I just want to give you guys kind of a plug out there and you go check it out It's a really cool concept the concept that it runs all of the the webinars actually inside of Facebook You can set up where they're scheduled or when they're live or excuse me or like a replay But people come in and then right there on the things it pulls all of your friends all your friends You log in the webinar it shows all your friends Hey Russell Brunson's logging the webinar and then so I this morning I was watching the webinar about it Also, all these people that are on my Facebook start popping in watching it too with them It was kind of a cool dirty evil trick, but it was awesome So if you guys want to replicate that it's a really cool strategy I thought sounds like the like buttons and stuff and there's a really cool thing So again, I don't know how well it works It just seemed really cool and might be something you guys want to test out Okay, so the three I'm gonna talk about right now the first one is dedicated 100% only to infusion soft So who here are infusion soft users? Okay, so this one if you're not using infusion soft you can't even use this don't even listen to me talk for the next five minutes But if you're using infusion soft, it's really good. It really looks just looks really nice and clean I actually we're not we're not using it yet, but the the software is called quick sale system I think it's quick sale system calm And we're actually using it for our whole sales process because really cool software does two things one thing It does it'll build out your whole entire online Sequences builds your your front-end your up sales your down sales your order forms Your one-click up sells like the whole entire process So when we switched over to infusion soft like three two or three weeks ago One of the biggest problems I has we couldn't build very good up sells down sells all the like one click up sell software There's extra money There's this big nightmare and so that we about a week ago got a copy of quick sale system and Rebuilt out a whole sales flow and just in fact the Lumen Audi launch those who saw the Lumen Audi sales video Originally that was that was built Just on our own thing using infusion soft, but none of the other one click up sells work So our APC's weren't very high so we just barely rebuilt the whole thing over in quick sale system And and right now we're just actually about an hour ago I emailed out about that and relaunched it on that system and we have up sells and down sells I'll know better conversions here about it in that couple hours, but It's really slick software. It's nice because you upload your videos It can do it like you guys seem like all the sales videos obviously you can use our software put in a sales video It'll put you know you say a minute 22 open up the order form or open up an opt-in box and open up those things on on the fly It does a whole bunch of really cool stuff like that So that's the part that I personally use and the other part of software you also get as part of this the whole package You get is the is the automated webinar software So I never personally use that yet But I've seen all their their sales videos and training videos and stuff like that about it It doesn't have quite as many features as some of the some of the other ones And mainly the reason why is because it really leverages off of infusion softs all the seven fusion soft can do So if you know how to use infusion soft do triggers and all those type of things action sets You can get pretty much the stuff we mapped out last night. You probably get 90 95 percent that built out Just using all the infusion soft stuff using quick sales system Okay, but there's gonna be some custom stuff behind it as there is with anything related to infusion soft for those of us Now who use it so So that's kind of one of one of the first ones. I hear you use quick sales system or seen it Okay, looks really nice. I think I did really like the countdown clocks looks really nice like the whole process is just nice and clean Anyway, I so far really like the company. We've had the last week I probably talked to the owner of the company like 20 times. We're trying to get our new thing up They're really helpful. They work really good with you They can they'll actually also build out the entire process for you framework between five and ten thousand dollars You can just give them the whole thing They'll build it out for you which is you know kind of a good benefit if you want if you want them to do all the work for you as Well So that's the first one. Okay, the second one that's out there and this is the one that Frank Kern uses Anybody ever heard of Frank Kern before a couple of you guys, okay? So Frank Frank's using a software called stealth wait stealth seminar calm and this is Personally if I didn't have the certain the system I'm using personally. This is what I would I would personally use I really like it there the guy that built it has thought of just tons of different features and different things to build into it He keeps adding more and more things That's a really slick piece of software. It'll integrate into infusion soft It'll integrate into off-soto pilot into one shopping cart into all the major shopping carts to integrate into it really nice and easily The setups not too difficult. They have team also to help you get all the pieces set up But they like so they have a lot of really cool features like they have one feature Where if someone comes in your webinar and and they show up like 30 minutes late You know the worst thing to do is to start your webinar very from the very beginning, right? That's that's obviously one of the big problems But the other problem is if you start in the webinar 30 minutes into it They're gonna miss like 90% of the pitch All stuff Dave is talking all the pre all the pre framing stuff you're doing to get to the close They're gonna miss all that so what it does is it sets like trigger points where if they show up late trigger You know bring them in now a minute three or minute eight or something like that So it seems like they came in the very middle of it, but they show up a minute 50 they're gonna start a minute three You know it seems like it's in the middle So they don't feel disconjoined you know they don't miss that part of it, but then they're still coming on They're gonna see the whole entire sales pitch, which is really nice. That's a really cool feature. They have a lot of other Just really smart thought-out things like that that they have a lot of things make it all seem very real and very like a Person's running it very like a live event type thing. So there's just really one of the better ones out there So that's self seminar calm and then the third one. I'm gonna recommend This is the one that Ryan dice uses Ryan and Perry and those guys. It's called autopilot webinars calm Yeah The last one the last one is stealth seminar calm like a stealth bomber stealth seminar Okay, and the last one is autopilot webinar calm You can that's one Ryan dice uses I haven't personally ever seen the back into that one I've seen Ryan using on the front ends of you ever joining Ryan's automated webinars. That's the service of their using It's really cool as well The they don't have quite as many features as I've seen as as stealth and some of the other ones But it's it's really nice. It's very easy. It's very automated a lot easier set up than some of the other ones Okay, oh the other thing the other benefit about stealth that I like remember I talked to you yesterday about The importance of hooking the the time of the event with the people where they're out locally Stealth seminar also do that will pull off the person's local time and show the webinar based on their time not on your time Which is nice to him So those are the three that I recommend using I say Stealth seminar probably my number one choice if I was going to pick one from scratch if I was using all of infusion soft I might just use quick-sale system, but that's kind of where that's where I'm at personally Any questions about that at all software questions? What are you stealth? Because I use one way better than no no um so we we started partners to people that have built some really cool software They're not commercializing at all That they are they're using just internally and so we partner with them and so that's what we're using in fact I was talking a little bit about yesterday about what we're doing with our future like our one of the big steps We're doing in our company. We're kind of launching a whole new side company with this We're long and I mentioned last night for those who are here, but we're building like a CPA webinar network So the backbone software that runs this whole network is what we're personally using and it's built out where we can start bringing in a Lot of other people so like we were talking about yesterday So you guys wanted to join our network we build out your webinar in this platform Which is ours and and then build out the whole the whole thing in there No The reason why it's not something we can commercialize is because there's so many more elements than just the traditional webinar It's a webinar and a CPA network built in which those you guys don't know what that means It's kind of like so someone so we go we come out we recruit affiliates for this for this webinar network If it logs in and they're gonna see it they're logging the panel and they're gonna see all these different Webinars they can promote it's gonna show so right here. This is Billy Bob's webinar is selling a fitness product right now. It's averaging a three and fifty three dollar fifty cent EPC Here's all that the the ad you need here's all stuff they can grab the ad just promote right out of the gate Okay, and then this one over here. This was getting a twenty dollar EPC It's in the real estate industry does this this and this they can log in and grab all the creative and start promoting it Does that make sense? So we're building the network like that where we can take anyone's webinar We built it out in our system which does all the stuff I showed you guys last night all the sequencing all the emails all the Follow-up systems build it into here, and then we we can start recruiting affiliates come to the network They still log in just find the ones that match them match the traffic They have matched lists they have and promote it and then they make money we make money you guys make money everyone makes money It's a it's a fun thing. So that's the that's what we're using is the backbone that runs that whole thing Okay, it's questions so I get on the camera Well, is that only going to be automated webinars or live as well? This will only be automated webinars my whole goal in life is to work a lot less harder I've worked hard for the last two years with a big company I just want to make things simple so I can sit down take my staff We can take someone who's got a good converting presentation already It takes a week time to sit down write the copy right the ads right the sequence build the whole thing out Plug it in here, and I'm done I can step back and I just got to do is keep recruiting affiliates into the network And that's which I'm good at that party best part I really enjoy bringing people in and they can just look and find which ones are converting good Okay, and the better converting your webinar is going to be the higher obviously it's going to rank in the network If no one buys off it, then it will probably drop to the bottom But our goal is because many affiliates in there into it as possible. Yeah Okay, his question for Cameron again was was to build one of these things you need to use go to webinar Can you do it just by itself? You don't need to use go to webinar basically use it out either Camtasia? Excuse me or whatever video software you use you record the whole thing once and then you upload it. What's nice about that? The way that we do if you look at like Mike Phil say you look at rich chef and look at these guys webinars I think the ones were launched in two weeks from now. It's not like a traditional webinar right get on there I'm kind of like talking and I'm BS in my way through things every single word on the webinar is pre scripted out It's word for word. I have my script on my laptop I was looking at earlier today for the webinar we're doing right now I'm just tweaking some verbiage on the whole thing But it's a complete what Dave's talking about with how we scripting people out here. It's completely scripted I'm reading it word for word. There's not I'm deviating from from my script I even one word one thing is kind of cool when I when I did the thing with Dave He after you've done the presentation He goes and he pitches it for you and then you that he lets you pitch it and you record the whole thing So that I got the whole thing transcribed so I have the whole copy of him pitching it and me pitching it and all the Little things that he does like that if you know the if-alls and those type of things You know if I'm just in a real webinar situation. I'm doing my webinar. I'm gonna forget like I'm gonna get nervous I'm gonna forget the if-alls. I'm gonna forget this and I forget the anchor. I'm gonna forget all these important elements That are in there, but if it's all scripted out word for word. I know it's there I can you know if I mess up on something I can rerecord that line 20 times how it's perfect and go on That's how you build a script. It's just this dynamic. This is perfect. You know, I mean it's converts beautifully I'm just like you look at a typical sales letter You know on a sales letter every word on the sales that are scripted out perfectly It should be the same way in a presentation Any other questions?