Hey everyone, this is Russell.
I want to welcome you guys to today's webinar and This is what I'm really excited about for a couple reasons First off I happen to know for a fact that a bunch of you guys right now who are on this webinar training Are actually doing webinars and so and a lot of you guys are kind of in the process or in the middle or try to figure things out And so I'm excited for that and the second thing I'm excited for is I'm actually gonna show you guys Instead of just like talking theory about how a webinar might work And I know a lot of these trainings are kind of theory based because there's so many different variables and variations But I'm actually just gonna show you guys behind the scenes of a webinar that we did inside of click funnels here And this webinar in the first 30 days did over a million dollars.
So who here would like to see a little bit of that?
Okay, cool.
I told you guys I went through this training I was gonna kind of reveal everything and so this is actually the funnel hacks webinar sequence and most you guys went through so I hope I hope I hope I hope that You know, I talk a lot about this whole modeling concept and I did and I hope that As I started this training and went through it with you guys And maybe you went back and started watching what I was doing and and and putting yourself in a spot where you can model it If not, then that's your your lesson as you start moving forward and you're on my list or anybody's list and you're you're buying things And you're clicking through and all these things are happening.
I want to make sure that you guys are Are doing that and and you're modeling and seeing what they're gonna do So if you happen to miss it or miss any of the sub-subtle these I never said that word right and subtle these of The training that I'm gonna show them to you guys right now So you can kind of see exactly what I did and why it works so well So is that cool you guys that cool if I show you behind the scenes of a million dollar campaign?
All right, cool.
So So this is kind of the this is the the funnel right here and all I did to begin with was I created a webinar funnel And I added a couple steps in here.
I'll show you what I did and why and I'll kind of go through that One thing I want to preface before we kind of get into Into the webinar funnel is over inside the funnel hacks members area.
I give you guys a gift and I don't know if you guys even My guests most years don't realize this but I want you to know about this because it's important So kind of here into inception secrets, which is all have access to that and you click here and you if you've created your account Then you should be logged right in there's a bunch of things here, but there's one script right here called the perfect webinar and This little script right here is the exact script that I use for all my webinars And this is not something I just made up or I bought it in a book or anything I literally have been doing this for over 10 years now speaking on stage and the very first time I spoke at a seminar I stood in front of a hundred people or so and I tried my best to sell something and I completely bombed And it was the most embarrassing thing ever and I wanted to quit I never I told myself I would never sell anything again and Because it was so devastating and it was such a hard thing for me And so I I didn't for a while and finally someone invited me back and said okay come speak So I went and spoke again and this time I tried to sell again and it just I sold one or two It was just this horrible painful experience and if any you guys have done either live seminars or like Like a webinar you know that feeling sometimes when it just bombs and it's embarrassing and it's humiliating and and finally after a while Instead of instead of just being embarrassed.
I remember I got kind of upset I said, you know what I've got to figure this out and I was a shy kid I know people don't believe that a lot of times because I'm pretty outgoing now, but I was a super shy kid I was scared to death of talking I stuttered a lot when I talked and as you know now I still I talk way too fast.
I mumble when I speak I say a lot of ums and Oz and But they just you know, I realized I said the people are making insane amounts of money with this this process I got to learn it so I went and I bought Dan Kennedy's public speaking program.
I bought Man, I probably I would say I probably got five or six different like thousand dollars speaking courses And in a period of about six months I went through every single one of them and went through again I went through Dan Kennedy's Bill Glazer had a separate one.
I went through went through Armand Morns.
I went through What's the wrong the grand head when I went through I went through just a ton of them And from there I learned like the basics of how to structure a presentation to sell There's a big difference because some of you guys are creating presentations to teach and just give content That's one thing, but if you want to create a presentation to sell You have to structure that difference.
So I spent a time I learned that and I learned a framework and I kind of you started Using this framework and I went out there and started selling and started having some success and started getting better and better and And over the next ten years every time I speak I learned something new right here to other speakers do something I had to take that into my to my script and I kept tweaking and changing it and And literally over ten years we I built out what I call the perfect webinar And there's always things I kind of tweak and change nowadays, but for the most part this script is pretty tried and true I've used it to sell over 27 different products.
We've done man I I don't even know well over ten million dollars in sales from I don't know how much total right now But a ton of money and it just works and you look at we have our we have a ten thousand and twenty five thousand our coaching program And one of our twenty five thousand dollars students came in a little while ago and she wanted to webinar So I gave her the script.
I gave her this training just like you I had her build it out She did it and you guys saw her testimonial Liz During the presentation and she when I first sold funnel hacks she was in there and she used the script and she's killing it with it last week she She called me up and said rustles I finished my webinar did forty thousand dollars in sales in one webinar Okay, so this thing works.
I've seen work in tons of industries tons of niches.
I've used it all over the place It just works.
It's perfect.
Don't screw it up.
Don't deviate from it.
Just use it Okay, so the script is right here.
This is what it looks like you can open up You can see that's what the script looks like and here's training where I kind of walk through it this training right here.
I believe Okay, that's the shorter one This right this is magic So this one is an hour and a half minutes long and this walks through the entire script and it shows you I didn't one of my presentations here if you just model this you guys This is this is cash in your bank account I this is like my gift to you guys because this thing has made me so much money It'll make you as well.
So just use it just model it just just use it Okay, so there's perfect webinar scripts if you don't have a webinar yet.
There is the script now if I come back over here Now I do is I'm gonna go through the actual process So this is assuming now that you guys have a webinar presentation in fact, I'm gonna open this up because I'm gonna show one part of the script right here.
So I'm gonna show you guys here in the in a minute the Let me pause something real quick.
Okay, so When you go through the training you understand the concept behind this but when I structure my perfect webinar My content is wrapped around this right here.
I call it the one thing and the three secrets I'm only showing that now because I'm gonna show you how I actually use that in the registration page So okay, so the one thing is the core idea that the entire webinar is based around and then the three secrets of the three supporting Concepts that build up the one thing.
Okay, so again, you watch the training you that'll make perfect sense What it is.
I just want you to see that because this this I use these four elements right here really heavily in the Registration page.
Okay, so I'm come back here now again I'm not gonna go deeper down to how to use the editor you guys because we did a training on that if you haven't watched it I come back in a funnel hacks click on how to build in click funnels.
This will give you all the training on the actual editor That's my not my goal today.
My goal today is teach you guys more strategy.
Okay, so here's my webinar registration page Now if I just create a webinar funnel, it just creates it just creates Two pages webinar registration and confirmation page and so I've got a whole bunch more and these are mis-titled because I Don't know why but there's title inside so this would be my webinar or confirmation page and I walk through but here's where we're Just webinar registration page.
I'm gonna open it for you.
I'll show you what it looks like Okay, now what it looks like The it doesn't matter a ton like whatever template use I just change the background image For one of the templates I put in my picture instead of the background.
It was there I think there's a video block here.
I used to lead that because I just wanted the text block here And it's very simple like there's a headline a register button I had the date and the spots and I had a little bit more about the presentation Now most years probably saw this Unless you signed up at a wet excuse me at a seminar or something You probably signed up from one of these webinars.
So you probably saw this page Now if you look at this this right here the headline for my my webinar all it is is it's the one thing Okay, I talked about in the webinar script back here When you guys define what year the one thing is here in your script that is what I use here word for word Okay, if you look at my presentation Okay, you notice my very first slide was my weird niche funnel It's currently making me seventeen thousand nine hundred forty seven dollars per day and how to ethically knock it off in less than ten minutes Okay, do you guys remember seeing that part of the presentation?
Okay, that was the hook.
Okay the same the title my presentation I need to make it so strong and so good that it becomes the hook on my registration page Then down here these are the three secrets.
Okay, again, if you look at my my webinars script These are the three secrets that I cover inside of the presentation I'm guessing that was up when some of you guys come back here and and you actually watch this Where we at?
Perfect webinar when you guys watch this this training right here this YouTube one that's awesome You're gonna go through and like man, that's what right?
I see what Russell did I see how how he sold me how he sold this now I see exactly how he like I literally guys I follow the script to the tea I did not deviate at all and neither should you okay, so again you this will seem very familiar as you go through it Okay, but again that that's how I structured the webinar registration page Okay, I use my my one thing my secret and then my excuse me the one thing which is the core concept of what the webinar is and Then down here I use my three secrets that that's in the three content pieces are basically teaching Okay, do you guys remember this from the presentation?
Secret one I'm sure you have ethically still over a million dollars worth of funnel hacks from your competitors for under $100 Secret number two I'm gonna show you how to prove their clout how to clone their proven funnel less than 10 minutes number three I'm sure how to get their same customers by your products without them knowing that you even exist, okay?
All right, so hopefully I got some you guys saying aha.
I remember that Russell Okay, so that's the registration page now if you click on here then ops it pulls us up here I opt in here and then it registers me for go to webinar.
That's the one technical thing I do want to show you here So on the webinar registration page Just the only fancy thing you have to do in a webinar funnel is you have to connect this to your webinar system so right now I think the only two that we really support our Our go-to webinar and webinar jam so I personally never use webinar jams I don't know how that works, but we have we have tech docs and stuff that'll walk you through that process And that'll show you guys exactly how to integrate with webinar jam But I'm gonna show you really quick basically how we do inside a go-to webinar, okay?
So I'm on the internet so it's taking a while to load so while it's loading.
I'm actually gonna go to go to webinar So go to webinars the platform that I personally use And again, there's tons of there's you know different ones you can use but go to webinars by far my favorite So I come in here and then I go to schedule webinar And so this is where you're creating your webinar.
So I'm just called demo webinar you pick the date and the time So I'm gonna say this webinar is happening You know on Monday it's gonna happen at 7 p.m.
Eastern time I schedule it and Think that's about it Let me see My interest going slow must be a good webinar uploading you guys right now get cool So the webinar scheduled sake case was that easy And so there you go now down here.
So you invite your attendees This is the link that normally I would send this to my attendees to go register for webinar, right?
So here's the webinar registration So if they fill this form out then adds into the webinar the problem is that this page is ugly It doesn't sell them doesn't tell them why they need to be there and that's why you guys need click funnels All you do is you you take this webinar link.
I'm gonna copy it Then you come back into your page inside the editor now here instead of integrating your email auto responder We do you click on this and you're gonna email go to webinar or you integrate and go to webinar, okay?
So you notice here.
I've got go to webinar See if I remove this case or removed it.
So I come down here integrations and I got to find go to webinar And it's gonna go log into the go to webinar account that I created and it's gonna say add webinar It's gonna find all the webinars that are Happening.
Oh, maybe doesn't do that.
Maybe I just gotta come here.
This is where I'm gonna take this.
I'm gonna copy that Come back here and Paste it Make sure I do that right go to webinar add to webinar paste All right now if I do that Make sure boom now it's connected So now when somebody fills out that form and behind the scenes it'll automatically register them here on this page That makes sense you guys and then it'll from there.
It'll redirecting to the next page That's kind of how it works if you want I can I can test it real quick.
So I'll come here So I'll test the page here.
I click on this I'm gonna put in I'm gonna register secure my spot I Test it and like I stress you guys always always always test everyone your funnels I can't tell you people come back to us like oh, I drove traffic and my funnel didn't work Like test it before you ever do anything so easy way test go to webinar is register for your webinar And then come back here to manage webinar And if I look at the webinar history or excuse me my webinars boom check it out demo webinar Sorry all these webinars in here Devil webinar Said zero people but it might get registered something that takes a minute for the API to sync it So I might refresh this couple times Anyway, it's like there's a delay on go to webinar side.
So I'll come check back here in a minute, but that's how it works So just make sure that actually registers you and then boom if it does you are good to go Okay, so that makes sense you guys So that's kind of the only really tech part you do is integrate that one thing and it should work And if something comes up and that person doesn't get added or whatever There's any issues that you come up with You guys know this by now and hopefully you guys have all had a chance to integrate with our earth not integrate But to communicate with our support team But they're amazing.
So if for whatever reason it doesn't register just come right in here and Click on Question mark and contact our support and they can look at your account see if you set it up right or see what's wrong or click on the little help button right here on the side and Really quickly they can make sure it all works for you.
Cool, but you shouldn't have any issues Okay, so that's the that's the webinar registration page pretty simple Then the step two now after they register second page in my funnel is the webinar confirmation page Okay, so this is my confirmation page looks like and I did this one kind of school office Typically, I wouldn't like have all this stuff on just the right hand side, you know, I had that on This page as well the reason I did is because I had this background picture I thought was kind of unique and might just be kind of a pattern interrupt for people So that's why it's like this typically I would just have everything, you know more centered or whatever especially on the confirmation page I normally wouldn't have myself here, but that's just how it works for this one So now a couple of things that I put on my confirmation page after the register I Added this button right here.
This is not necessary I added this just because I had some people that had they registered they couldn't find it go to webinar links So like five minutes before the webinar went live.
I just demonstrate this page to go register again Again, I have the title my event.
I like having a video that talks there If if you don't have video we have a default one inside a click funnel So it's in most of the webinar registration or confirmation pages.
They'll basically welcome the webinar and tell them how to you know how to Prepare for and stuff like that.
So there's a really good video that already is kind of stock I actually created that for you that's in there or you can put in your own video Or you don't even have to have a video if you don't want now for me personally, I like kind of when some registers for my webinars I like giving them homework assignments and having them do something before so for this one if you remember I had Step one is right down date and time your event step two go get a trial click phones account here instead number three show up live On the webinar.
We're gonna give you a fully functioning cells funnel.
Okay, so kind of tell them again three steps to do You know, sometimes it's a good time to sell one of your at least, you know lower Ticket products.
It's just a good place to give them training videos Just something either sell them something really really low ticket or just give them more training to build a relationship with you or a lot of times just tell them to make sure they write down the date and time and show up Okay, there's no right way or wrong way to do it There's just different things we kind of play with and test a lot of different times and this one That's what we did is we have them go and create a free account I also like doing countdown clocks mostly because I love how click phones does countdown clocks No, you guys love the circle one like I don't know what is that circle countdown clock is like my favorite I try to figure out a way to put on every page because I like it so much And then down here.
I just had the date and time again and kind of recap the secret So that's what my confirmation page looks like and again It's not like the most important page in the funnel But it's there to strengthen them remind them the why they need to be on the webinar again I'm excited and things like that.
Okay, so that's step number two now in a traditional webinar funnel That's that's all it is.
It's two pages.
Okay, so we could just end this training right now Because now you guys got everything you need to create a webinar funnel or if you want I can show you guys some more ninja tricks.
What do you guys want?
Do you want to end it now or do you want some ninja stuff?
It's probably a question that should be pretty easy, right?
Alright, cool.
You guys want some ninja stuff Okay, so this is some ninja stuff I will share with you because these are just little tricks.
I'm always big on Just testing and tweaking and trying different things and seeing what works and so these are some evolution stuff We were playing with it have worked really really good for us So so after some registers for the webinar and you'll get the register then they see the thank you page We're kind of confirm it now basically what's happening at that point this the the cells funnel You know the the typical cells funnel is done.
They now register for the webinar They're gonna emails for me and from go to webinar reminding the webinar.
They're gonna show up.
I'm gonna sell on the webinar I'm gonna sell something.
I'm gonna push them to some cells funnel to go buy the thing, right?
That's kind of the the process we typically do but when I was doing this I was like I want to figure out Everyone that's registering this webinar what else can I do to get them so that they're more likely to actually purchase something from me when they When they do show up on the webinar like what can I do?
What kind of you know what motivation and how can I build a stronger relationship with them or?
You know entertain them or whatever it takes to get them to want to show up on the webinar Okay, people always say that typical webinar show up rates is like 20 to 30 percent, which is just horrible You know one fifth of the people that you you pay to register for your webinar I only show up as horrible and I wanted I wanted more than that so What I started doing is after someone registered for the webinar I put them through People call different things I've heard been called an indoctrination sequence It's gonna call it like a warm-up process.
I call it an internal product launch There's a lot of different ways to do it But basically happens after the register and you can see right here.
They at I start sending my emails So as soon as they register I'll show you because the click phones here you guys if you have already integrated your SMTP mailer Which again, that's a technical thing that if you if you don't know what that means Don't worry about it.
But if you haven't integrated if you have integrated an SMTP mailer Then you can set up email basic email marketing where a follow-up sequence can go out after somebody registers.
So for me There's two companies ones called send grid.com.
I did a training on this earlier and there's one called Things manorail.com and their SMTP mailer.
So basically back up here in my account I had to go and integrate my SMTP mailer and it's basically like this this email company that The click phones can say hey send this email out and it'll send the email out for you Okay, so some registered for webinar these are the emails I get so day number one You can see the first email basically just says thanks for registering for the funnel hacks webinar Make sure you write down date times your event if you lost him for any reason here You can get him here Be sure to show up live because we're gonna give you this funnel just for showing up Okay, so you guys probably saw this email after you registered for the webinar.
Am I right?
Okay, if not you guys like again when you register for somebody's thing go back and look at their process Not just their process, but everything their email sequencing and things like that I registered for a John Osser off if you see if you know him from the movie the secret He's got this really cool funnel that someone was telling me about they're making like crazy I don't know a couple hundred grand a week off of and I wanted to see it So when I registered for it and I forgot about it Because it was like a webinar funnel and the webinars they lead to on Saturdays and it's this big thing I totally never never got to watch the webinar I forgot about it and like three or four months later someone mentioned his numbers again Oh, yeah, I registered for that.
I want to go see what it is and see what how it works I went back to my email and I searched for John Astoraf and I found like 30 email sequence He had sent out that just went to my junk folder.
I missed it all but I found it all I was like, oh, this is okay The whole modeling thing I talked to you is about a lot.
I was like I need to model this I took all the emails and I I copied and put him in a notepad and I said, okay Now I've got all these email sequences I can look at for my next program, right? so again if Look back in your email you guys from you probably got these in this email sequence Subject line one with what we your webinar details and that was email number one.
Okay pretty basic now email number two Check this out.
I started pushing into my indoctrination videos.
I said hey yesterday.
I set you the video All right, that's the wrong order.
Let me see.
Oh this one.
Okay, so video day number one I said So after so one day after you registered for webinar, you should have got this email from me It said case study anatomy of $500,000 a month sales funnel So that I just posted a new video online showing the anatomy of a 500,000 a month sales funnel You want to see it check out the video right here?
By the way, so just one of our supplement funnels blah blah blah, okay?
So I have this video now and if you clicked on that video guess where it took you Took you over here to indoctrination video number one Can I open that for you?
Well, this is is the first video in my little mini product launch You know you guys have probably watched and seen as product launches have happened online for the last 10 years, right?
And there's a sequence I'm gonna show you guys how to how we script out these videos here to second But basically I most product launches if you look at like the Jeff Walker Product launch formula he he builds out a four video He calls them a sideways sales letter where video number one is the first part video two three video four Video three and then video four is where they actually sell the product.
Okay?
I'm sure you guys have seen these all over the place So for me to do this indoctrination series I changed it from a four part video series to a three part and the reason why is because the webinar kind of becomes the fourth Video that's where I do my pitch.
So the first three videos And there is a script behind those not sure you guys you have the script already But there's a script I use behind these for these indoctrination videos, but this is the first one, okay?
So that's the first one and then I come back here Have I come back to the emails?
So then day number two Think of this one saying hey yesterday I sent you the video at 500k months $5,000 500k month case study back I left you hanging what happened to Mandy did she beat up Chris?
I post a video number two check it out here as I click on that that then takes me to video number two in the indoctrination series Okay, which is right here Which is the continuation of this video?
Okay, so that's part two of the video and sure sure as you can guess then Next the third day I send you the third video in that series.
Hey, I posted video three We should move bill the funnel in 10 minutes go check it out here Boom, so that's video number three, which then of course opens up indoctrination video Number three All right, and there's third video.
Okay, that makes sense you guys So that's kind of the the process is I'm I'm kind of doing two things like Step number one is someone's registering for the webinar and after the register for the webinar before they show up in the webinar I'm doing a little mini product launch in between those those dates because I want to try to warm that person up and get them Excited when they show up for the webinar They're ready to give me money right they're excited and they're passionate and everything's ready for them So that's kind of what I'm doing there in this indoctrination series.
Okay, so some of you guys are saying well Russell What do I put in these videos?
So I'm gonna show you the script that I kind of follow and Guess what I gave this to you already if I can find it.
All right So it's here back here again side inception secrets and then there is the product launch script You click on this there's the information now.
I haven't done a ton of training on this product launch scripts There's not a lot of training in here yet.
I'm gonna be adding some more stuff here in the future But I'm gonna give you kind of a real quick recap of how it works.
So this is the product launch script right here If you notice I'll make this bigger CS and see it So there is the four video sequence my original I originally learned this from Andy Jenkins When I was trying to do one of my first product launches I say how man, how do you structure your things and he sent me an email I said this is the four-part video sequence We call the video ones the wow and how number two is transformational education number three's ownership experience number four Is the offer and he kind of mapped it out for me I say cool So I use that as my template and so it kind of became my template.
I've evolved a little bit This is kind of what it is for me now.
So again, this is for a typical product launch We're gonna do a whole training on product launches here in a couple weeks But for this one I want to give this to you because I think it's important when you guys are doing these webinar funnels to have This indoctrination sequence right because you have it, right?
Man, it's amazing when people they show up on your web webinar ready to buy before they in fact for for us It's funny We will have sold on average like 30% of the audience on the webinar will already bought click funds before they show up Which is a good sign.
Okay, it helps with conversion.
So if you guys can do stuff like that, it's really really cool Okay, so here's the product launch script.
So video number one Again, it's called the wow and how okay, so for me this was my video number one So I'm not gonna show this video.
Hopefully you saw it.
If not, it's really entertaining.
So What I wanted to do is I wanted to wow people, okay?
It's I could have been like hey you we have click phones You can make cool funnels and people would not have been like oh wow So I need to make a fun like a pattern in route How do I how do I make something exciting and different that gets them?
You know gets people fired up and so I had Mandy here Mandy is a is an author She's a she's a coach a life coach and she also Has a whole coaching company where she trains and certifies life coaches and she's one of the coolest people I've ever met And so I called Mandy up and I was like because she's always like struggled website stuff and I said hey Mandy I want to do something fun.
How would you like to? to Come with me and we're gonna have you compete with With our designer to build out of cells funnel and she's a good sports It okay, so we took Mandy and again, I try again.
I'm trying to do pattern interrupt So you can go as big or as little as you want I went kind of overboard this one just because We're having a good time, but again, you don't have to you can be I see videos I just happen where you're sitting in front of your desk on your iPhone You know making a video so this is not it was a wow and how so I needed a while someone about what was possible so what we did is we took Mandy and We took her out in the Ferrari we drove to Let's see we drove to a UFC ring.
We got some B-roll footage of her boxing She's such a good sport and then we had her talking trash and we had Chris as my designer He's my designer fight seven or eight years and he was talking trash.
We had them square off in the middle and then People thought they were gonna fight or something and then Anyway, it's totally cheesy so we had my go down to the computers then they start going so he's building a cells funnel in In Photoshop and she's building a cells funnel click funnels.
We have these guys raised so I start this thing, right?
I start with the wow like wow this girl Mandy is gonna be a seasoned designer at building a funnel I start there and then I cut to the whiteboard where I actually go and I show My big hook, which is like oh, here's how we build a funnel.
It's making half million bucks a month, okay? and And so that's kind of video number one and then we go back to The Mike and Mandy story.
Okay, or excuse me Mike and Chris story.
All right, so let me find the script All right, so wow house again.
I'm wowing him in like show him how so first I make a big promise I'm gonna show you guys how Mandy's girls who's never be to build a website ever is gonna is gonna destroy This guy who builds websites full-time the number two.
Here's here's the content piece So I'm gonna show you guys exactly one of my funnels how we did how we're making a we have fun It's being 500 right a month.
Let me show you how we're doing our funnel case the content piece is that let me show Let me let's look how other people are doing it so For your market it could be you showing how you did it could be you showing how someone you know did it when your students did it But just kind of give them some like like like again, wow you open this idea that you know for me It was this girl can beat a designer than how this is how we actually do it, right?
Okay, so that's video number one.
So if you guys just filled in for what your market is here in weight loss How you lose weight?
Here's the content of how we got this other person to do it You try to kill some myths that they have and then we hook them to video number two The number two now over here is called the transformational education This is where I my goal with this is Is a Is to kind of show them like this is this is how I do this okay?
This is how this is how it works and Actually, let me find something real quick.
Okay, cool.
So So transformation education my goal this is I want to show them like like let's do this together Let me show you how we did this process.
So if you look at the video here Video number two we start back with these guys pick up the storyline But then I go back to the office with Mandy.
I'm like, okay, let's do this together And so Mandy we're gonna build a funnel for you this map out What's it gonna look like I kind of coach her through the process as if they're there so kind of see This is what we're gonna do.
So what your funds gonna look like it's gonna be really awesome As we sketch out a funnel with her right and so people kind of get this Experience where they're seeing how it works, right?
They're kind of like feeling like they're in this process So with me with Mandy we're doing this this thing and they're like wow I can see how this whole thing this whole thing works, right?
Okay, so for you guys It's kind of like what what's you know, how can you share that a lot hands?
We do it like through a case study sometimes you can do it kind of more directly with them But that's kind of how the data that piece there the transformation like education works again step one Let's do it together.
Here's proof.
This actually works This is how I do it content and then we hook the video number three, okay?
If you number three, this is where we transition and we try to make so here they're kind of like seeing They're like seeing how it all works here the ownership is here how it works for them Okay, this is where we make it very very personal Okay, so again this one here.
I'm showing I'm doing this with Mandy So again you educated on how it's whole transformation happens here now.
I'm doing it with them So video number three for me.
Yeah, start back the story here Mandy wins we crown winner and then I go back to the let's see.
Where's it at?
Okay, so I go back to the office then I open a quick phones and I build one with you So I'm like, hey, let me show you how to build this funnel We go through a process and we build a funnel and you guys have a chance to kind of do this whole thing with me and See you have the have the whole experience.
Okay, so that's kind of that's kind of the last video there in the sequence is ownership Experience so again, I'm trying to show you like let me show you that what it would be like Can you imagine what's going to be like when your first funnels are done?
And we didn't have to pay someone twenty thousand dollars to do it.
Can you imagine that's like number two like you know on the webinar Okay, so this is where I'm hinting the webinar on the webinar I'm gonna show you guys even more tools and how the strategy works.
I'm gonna show you guys, you know, blah blah blah whatever you're gonna show them on the webinar and then Boom from here.
This is where you really show the content So here's how here's how you're gonna do it and this makes them believe and have some ownership and some like wow I can actually do this.
Okay, and get some excited.
So that makes sense you guys So that's kind of the the sequence I take people through again wow and how transformational education ownership experience and then again, I don't do the offer on the webinar or she's not gonna Do offer video because that is the webinar is doing the offer video.
Okay?
All right, so that's kind of how I did it you guys very simple two pages webinar then I Build an email sequence or day one basically push them back the registration page Then day number two push them to the indoctrination video number one Which was the wow and how Email number two push them to video number two which was the transformational education video number email three push them to video number three which was the ownership experience and that point You know sometimes they get on the webinar after the first video from the second side for the third There's kind of depends but someone in line.
They're gonna get the video right so that's kind of how it works now a couple other pieces I want to share with you guys is All stuff is good, but what's interesting is that after somebody registers for the webinar You know again even even like people are good, you know, tell me that 23% You know pretty realistic and you might get it higher by doing this whole indoctrination sequence But let's say that let's say you get 30 to 40% Let's say 30 for numbers.
Okay, so you get 30% of people to show up live on your webinar That means two-thirds of the people who registered who were interested who said yes, I want more information about I'm gonna be on this webinar they never showed up they never saw your presentation they never saw your pitch and and so if you're if you're not careful you just lost down two-thirds of the money, right and So what you have to do after after the live webinar is you have to have some kind of sequence in place to do a replay now Replay will typically get will typically double how much money we make by doing a replay sequence Okay, and so if you don't do replay you're gonna lose half the money if you do have replay you're gonna double how much money You're making okay, so the replays after doing this webinar.
Hopefully you recorded it Okay And if the you know there's a lot of ways to record it Camtasia is a good way screen flows a good way all the stuff we talked about in the product development module back Back here on fast product development all the different tools I gave you in in there Or the same kind of things used it to record your webinar So after you recorded it, I like making a webinar Replay page so this is the webinar replay page.
I built out really quickly if you click on this you'll see it and All I have is My headline again, I have the video right here I had a countdown clock so they went count of zero the offer disappear and then I have the order button where they can go in and Click to get the offer now Since I did this this webinar click funnels has a really cool feature now where you can hide these and just have these appear when the When the offer is made inside a click funnel.
So like for example for me offers made right Let's see this webinar so many times.
I know exactly what it comes right there So one hour and 19 minutes is when I Transition to where the first time I show the price point.
So at that point is where I unlock this block here Okay, that's really easy to decide a click funnel.
So if you haven't done it yet, in fact, I can show you if you want This is a newer feature and a lot of people don't know about yet, but it's really easy to do So you come down and you just pick the section so Let's say it's just the the button here I click on the little gear opens up over here if I scroll down There's two types of days.
There's time delayed and then there's animation animation makes just fly in and look kind of cool Time delays for what we're talking about here So I say fade in and fade in at its minutes.
So we said I said one hour 19 minutes That's 60.
So that's 79 minutes and maybe 10 seconds, right?
So I do that and they save this Now if I come back here and I refresh this Somebody's left to refresh it twice for that time it worked So notice that button right here is gone and this button will not appear until One minute, you know, so one hour 19 minutes later.
Boom that button will appear They can click on it.
They can go by the guy go by the offer.
Okay, that makes sense you guys So we're gonna replay page All right, so that kind of works there and I don't have any well I like having a countdown clock usually when webinars done I'll give it like depending on when I do the webinar, but usually three to four days so sorry counting on clock from the counts down for four days and All I do is that the first email after the webinar said hey your webinar replays up It's gonna be up for a few days go watch it now and then next day.
Hey webinar, you know a lot of people you guys Love the webinar You know, I'm taking down in 48 hours next day Hey, I'm taking it down in 24 hours that hand taken down in 12 hours and then hand taking it down in two hours And it's cheesy that stuff sounds you guys that urgency and scarcity Like it's insane how much money it makes like the majority of you know the majority but again Almost half of the sales come through that little process of Pushing people to go watch it because the problem is that if it's there forever They'll never watch it But if they know it's disappearing and there's a countdown and and it's going away It's going away.
Hey hurry up.
It's going away.
It's gonna be gone in a minute now That gets people to finally go watch it.
They know they want to see it.
They signed up for they got excited But people are inherently lazy and they keep pushing it off and pushing it off and pushing it off And so you have to give them some reason to go watch it now if you don't Man, it's just it's it's no good.
Okay, and What's cool about this too?
You can set up and click funnels this countdown clock Then when it hits zero you can make it so that this page will not redirect somewhere else And so a lot of times we have like a like a webinars over page and so it's zero It's automatic.
I don't think think about it midnight at whatever day it automatically redirects and that page is gone So it's kind of cool.
In fact, I can show you how to get real quick if you want Like on the countdown clock it has a where do you want this to redirect when it hits zero Now it's a lot of times people you don't want just to go to zero and then it's there forever So here's the countdown clock configuration.
So you got end date.
So it's gonna end Where we're tying at midnight and when it does redirect to This page right here boom or you can say instead of redirecting show shown hide elements You can say at midnight hide the video so you can go and grab the video in a midnight or this whole block This whole block is disappear.
Okay, so that's how you do that if you want to just make parts of this disappear when the countdown clock hits zero cool All right Let me see what else I'm missing Oh, so a couple other things that that worked really good for me and this isn't gonna work for everyone Especially I mean this is kind of a rare circumstance, but somebody told me this they did this like this probably five or six years ago And I was like, oh, that's cool.
I was never able to use it for five or six years But now five or six years later.
I am using it and it's awesome.
So I'm sure with this you guys Don't feel bad most guys will not be able to execute on this part of it But someday the future some you might so in in the I also did this whole presentation at a live event and I got the video footage of it And so this is the video everyone footage of me teaching at the live event given the same presentation Same pitch all that kind of stuff and so what I do is in my sequence My replay sequence I also tell people like hey by the way I got the footage of this cool presentation I talked about funnel hacks at a live event if you want to watch that check it out here And just gives me another kind of cool way I can I can introduce this with with You know people see in front of a stage with audience there It just increases your credibility it makes you seem more legitimate people they watch that way and to see people cheering like literally when I When I revealed the prices event people started cheering Okay, and people see that on live and webinar like wow, this is really cool Like look how excited these guys are and it causes some social proof So if you haven't done your presentation live at stage Really cool to plug it into your sequence as well But again for mostly as that's not gonna happen because you're not speaking live from stages But if and when you do make sure you get a recording of it because it's a great way to close a ton of cells Having that in your sequence as well.
Okay, so I hope that was good for you guys Again, I tried to to show you guys more than just you know, here's a two-step web Registration I want to show you what we did like I said by following this process you guys and you have all the tools to do now Okay, literally by following The first step I did is I I Took the perfect webinar script.
I created my my presentation based on that step one Step two I used the the one thing in my three secrets to make my registration page and my confirmation page Okay, then I went back in Here again, I went to the product launch script and I used these three videos Right here to build out three videos and again.
I want really intense you guys you could go Like I've seen people make millions of dollars off of them holding their iPhone just teaching those three pieces Okay, so it doesn't need to be high production like I did.
I'm just kind of eccentric sometimes I think But just you know in documentation videos boom boom replay page and it started driving traffic And I can say we did over a million dollars this webinar in less than 30 days And so if you guys you guys have the tools now you have the structure you've got the training It's just a matter of you going and executing on it.
So Hopefully you guys are seeing how these things all tied together, you know When I when I got you guys involved in this I talked about, you know, the exception secrets why it was important But this is why it's important because the the the structure these funnels is one thing But the the copy and the words and the script and the pitch and those things That's what takes this this uh this framework and you know, you look at a house You know someone frames a house that's good But all the rest of the stuff what makes it a home, right?
You get the walls you get the carpet you get the couch you get the kids all that stuff what makes it a home And so click bank or excuse me click funnels is the is the framework and these scripts and everything else Is what makes this a selling machine for you.
Is that cool you guys?
Awesome.
So that's kind of if for today.
There's not too much more than that Um, again, if you need specific help on anything, I really recommend going back to the other to their earlier trainings um If you come back to the members area, I'm just kind of recap that if you missed any of these Um, again this training to how to build and click funnels.
I'll make this a little bigger so you can't all see it Um, this is the one where I show you guys, um about an hour how use the editor So if you haven't mastered click for as yet go and watch this video as many times as you need because if you If you master this editor you guys you will become obsessed with this.
I promise you Okay, number two is is the hacking my funnels.
I did this so you guys can kind of see behind the scenes of some sales funnels Okay, um, and then next is your fast product development So get on their product get go and get your product created really quick talk to about opt-in funnels And then we got sales funnels we covered last week and now uh when this training is overall archive webinar funnels right here Cool.
All right.
So the next couple weeks you guys and what we have is automated webinars Obviously the scripting and stuff is very similar automated webinars, but the process is different And so we're going to spend some time on that because to help you really understand The differences because automated webinars you don't need to go to webinar.
Uh, you set it up once in this webinar We're running all the time and so, um We have automated webinars coming up soon and so that's that training And I think we might have a little bit for that one happens and then membership sites And then product launch funnels and then I'm adding in a bonus training I'm not sure if you saw that A lot of you guys are asking more about traffic stuff and we give you an instant traffic hack So I want to do like a kickstart.
So when your funnel is done, here's the kickstart to just like put this thing on steroids really really quickly Um, and so we'll be doing that training as well.
Which should be tons of fun.
I'm excited.
I hope you guys are excited as well So, um, if you have any questions again along the way, please contact our support here inside click funnels Just click on the help tab.
They are amazing team.
Um, who literally, um, it's funny because I have my friends Like text me like, hey Russell, how do you do this?
And I promise you as a click funnel support guys know more than me when I get stuck Um, I've got this little um thing with a couple of support guys and I asked them and they showed me how to do it So I'm the same way guys.
I contact you guys when I get stuck everyone's while I find a little bug or something That happens I contact them let them know just like you.
Um, you know, I honestly am Probably the biggest customer of click funnels in the world.
I literally spent The last three nights in a row building out an entire new supplement funnel I shared with you guys in urcel before and it's this kind of a funny backstory and I'm not sharing this on the live webinars Um, that we're doing you know to sign people up for funnel hacks because you guys are in the members area I'll kind of share with this You know, I told you about the other supplement funnel that I modeled earlier this year And I did the process like I showed you guys I bought the product I saw the upsells the downsells and we modeled it and that's what our funnels You know, we got the point where it's doing 500 grand a month and then um Um, you know, one of the it's been funny since you launched funnel hacks Everyone's like well, how come nerve cells not in in click funnels.
Why is not in click funnels?
And I'm like, man, you got something that's making you half a million dollars a month You get paranoid to touch it.
You don't want to change anything, right? um, so we haven't and so I got tired of everyone saying that so I'm like, okay We need to get into click funnels and I'll just we'll just do it and just get it done with and make sure it all works and so I started three days ago on that process of in migrating it all over And uh, I went back to the guys funnel that that we were modeling is after before And I went just to see if it was the same and I bought his product again And it's upsell down sell sequence had changed dramatically and it was Man, it was like 10 times better than what I saw before And so I went back and we completely rebuilt our upsell down sell flow inside a click funnel Modeling what they were doing and uh, I'm excited actually goes live on Friday We have the first test traffic by going into it and um, and so I'm excited to see kind of what happens and where the chips all fall when all said done, but The stuff you guys I'm talking about I just want to stress the the the way that that me and the guys that are doing You know anywhere from a million to 10 million and I've got friends doing 40 50 60 million a year online right now This is what we're doing.
It's the same process.
It's finding what works It's modeling it going to finding the traffic that that other people getting in and send that traffic to your into your funnels And so I hope you guys see that like I'm practicing when I preach.
Um, I'm in click funnels more than anyone in fact if you guys want to see like How intensely like look at me funnels I have you open these all up like I I built so many insane funnel lates.
This is all I want to do all day long Um is build out funnels.
There's just tons and tons and tons of them But check this out.
So nurse l 26 pages I built that last three days for this funnel.
That's how intense our new funnel is And this is how powerful click funnels is you guys you can do so much stuff with it Like I'm not going to go deep into this one because it's not live yet.
I don't I don't want to You know, I don't know if it's going to work.
Yeah, I got to test it off But just to kind of see like here's the process there's page one Then there's our sales letter then our exit pop then we've got three variations of the order form depending on what they've purchased Then we've got um up so we have different up self load opinion that if they buy one bottle Then they get this up self load by two bottles They get this up so flow that by four bottles they get this up self flow Then there's the second up sell that everyone gets in the down sell up sell down sell confirmation page.
Thank you page So there's there's my sequence that I've been building out.
I'm so excited for it.
So anyway, I hope you guys See that I I practice what I preach.
I'm doing this all day long I hope you guys are doing as well And my biggest thing like this first step if you're if you're struggling or kind of you know, or whatever issue First thing is just master the editor Come back here to how to build and click funnels if you can learn this nothing else you can become financially free Okay, I would say right now Inside of funnel hacks and I apologize that I'm sharing this with with everybody for those who are doing this I know of personally know of at least 15 people right now in the funnel hacks program Who all they're doing is taking what they're learning on funnel hacks and they're doing funnel consulting for people And they're charging anywhere from five thousand dollars to 25 thousand dollars to build out funnels for people inside of click funnel Okay, so nothing else if you don't have a product yet You don't have you know, you're stuck or whatever it is It doesn't even matter just what you guys are learning this skill here learning Is is worth a lot to people.
Okay insane amounts of money And so you guys have all the tools that you need to be able to go and do that and make this your own business And so I just want hopefully you guys see that So if you know again, if you're frustrated, you're stuck or you're confused you don't know what product I would say just focus on mastering the tool First and this video right here will will get you started You get it right here inside the funnel hacks and just go to um how to build and click funnels That'll get you started and then after that just going and playing and dinking around and having some fun with it And then when you guys master that then it's uh, it's all over you'll be an unstoppable force Okay, so it's pretty cool.
Anyway, so that's it for today you guys.
Uh, I appreciate you guys again being part of this training I hope you're getting a lot of value out of it.
I hope you're getting stuff for my my um my long stories and and my Yeah, I again I'm trying to dig deep and show you guys everything and I don't want to hold anything back And I hope you guys appreciate that you're getting value from it as well And appreciate you guys always showing up at these things are the amount of people who shrump live on this um Is really kind of uh Kind of astounding like we literally have more people coming on live on these trainings Then mostly we'll do on their their free webinars.
We're trying to sell stuff And so that says a lot about you guys you guys are serious your action takers and you're uh, you're making things happen So appreciate you guys glad to have you here And I'm gonna log off and go come into click funnels and start building some more stuff I'm gonna go finish out this funnel because uh, I gotta have it live by tomorrow morning So I'm excited.
So anyway, I appreciate you guys and we will talk to y'all soon