Hey, my name is Russell Brunson and I want to welcome you to Inception Secrets.
Now Inception Secrets, as the name kind of denotes, it's this really cool program we put together because I've noticed that selling has morph and it's changed so much over the last, I mean, even 10 years that I've been online.
And I've been watching as people have been teaching people all these like advanced sales techniques and they're always going back and they're teaching stuff that some of the most famous copywriters in the world pioneered, you know, 20, 30, 40, 50, 100 years ago.
So while those things are amazing and I went through this and studied and learned those same things back in the day as well, I'm pretty sure that those same copywriters were live today, they would realize that things have changed as well and they'd have some different ideas based on that.
In fact, if you look at the average attention span of a person, you know, 50 years ago or so was about 20 minutes long.
So because of that, it was a lot easier to have a huge long form sales letter and all these kind of things because people's attention span was so much longer.
You know, maybe on an average day they might get two or three phone calls, they turn on the TV and there's two different channels, maybe three after bunny years are working right.
And that's, that was where all these amazing copywriters brought out all these strategies.
That's what the world looked like.
But you look at today, the average attention span of a person today, guess how long it is?
It's just seven seconds.
Okay, it went from 20 minutes to seven seconds.
And so the way we write copy, the way we speak, the way we communicate, it's had to change.
It's evolved because you have to grab some of the attention and you've got to keep it.
Every seven seconds, you can lose them again.
Okay, every seven seconds are getting a text or Skype or Facebook message or something's happening because of that.
You have to understand that the copy has changed.
The speed with how copy is works has changed the structure, the layout, the design, all these things that have evolved and they've changed a lot.
And so that's kind of inception.
Secrets is about as two things.
First off is understanding the new way to sell online.
And second off is helping you to understand that, that selling today is different because people are sold so many times, they're sold, they don't, they don't, they don't, people don't like to be sold, but they love buying stuff, right?
We know that it's a concept that's been around for years.
And so inception is all about creating a structure and creating a story and creating things in a certain way where at the end of it, people don't feel like they're getting sold something.
But instead, just like inception, they have an idea where they say, wow, I really want to buy that thing.
And so what I'm going to be sharing with you guys through this training is the scripts and the process and everything we do to give people that epiphany where they, in their mind, say, hey, I want to go buy that thing.
It becomes their idea as opposed to you try to sell them something.
And so that's what Inception Secrets is all about.
Teaching you how to place that idea inside someone's mind and teaching you the future and where copy has evolved to and the changes you need to make to be successful on the internet.
So that's what we're doing today, you guys.
So excited to have you here to support the training program.
Again, you're going to have access to all my scripts, my training, a whole bunch of really, really cool stuff.
And that's kind of game plan.
So again, welcome to Inception Secrets.