Next is the microcontinuity funnel. Anyone here remember microcontinuity? I hope you guys. This was a, we're going to be relaunching this product here in the near future but this was a funnel we built, man when was it? It was a little while ago and we made a ton of money with it. We showed a bunch of people and I can't tell you how many people have told me over and over again the very first time I've ever made it was microcontinuity. So this is a microcontinuity funnel. You can use the same model with a membership site as well but the problem I've always had with membership sites, anyone here have a membership site? The hardest problem with them is that you're kind of like giving yourself a death sentence. When you start a membership site you can never stop ever. It sucks. We've had like four or five membership sites. We always shut them down eventually because it's like every month they want new content and new stuff and new stuff and new stuff and every month you have more stuff and more stuff and then a year later somebody comes in and logs in and there's like a billion things in there and he's just overwhelmed and they just leave because they're confused too. It's like these things, I'm just not a, I'm not a huge fan of membership sites. I like them for the recurring money but not as much. So what we started doing is these microcontinuity sites where they were finite. So it was like a program, right? Kind of like you go to school and it's 18 weeks you're going to learn this topic, right? And every week you're going to go to class and at the end of it you'll get a degree and you'll be done. So we started doing a lot of our training this way where we say, okay come in we're going to teach you this topic and week number one you're going to log in members area and you'll get this thing. And seven days later we'll unlock the next week and you'll get this thing. And seven days later you'll get this and every week you get more training and handouts and eventually the end of it it's over and you graduate and you stop paying. What was cool is that for a customer it worked really, really well as well because a lot of times customers come in and they're joining this thing and it's $40 a month for forever and there's like this weird thing where it's like, ah, and so the stand for month or two and then they cancel. The average, excuse me, the average stick rate for membership site in the internet marketing, weight loss in most industries, guess how long it is? The average stick rate. It's under three months. That crazy? So it's averaging it for maybe two, two and a half months. You shift it to this style, also they know it's $37 a month for six months, now there's an end date and there's a progress, there's a point, there's a reason why they're on this thing. They're not logging in and getting a million ideas, they're getting one thing and they have to do that and the next week they get the next thing. Because of that your stick rate will, I mean our majority of our people would stay, not the majority of our people, but our drop-off rate was a fraction of what it was for typical membership site. A huge percentage of people would go all the way to the end, all six months or five months whatever it is because they want to complete that thing that they're going towards. It's a goal, there's a reason. So that's why I love microcontinuity membership sites. Now what we would do, this is the way we did this funnel and it worked awesome for people. It's super easy. The very first page we have our squeeze page and what I would do on the squeeze page is it comes back to that one thing again, right? I wanted everyone to find one secret that they had. One of our best examples was Joy Anderson, she lives here in Idaho and she made a microcontinuity site about how to start your own preschool from home. So I said what's the number one secret you have? So I can't remember her secret, something like how to make money without cleaning out poop all day or something around poop. I remember it was really funny. So the first thing was like I have a free video that's going to reveal to you the number one secret about how to do whatever, right? So our headline we always use for us and all of our students was free video, free video reveals number one secret to fill in the blank. Free video reveals number one secret to losing weight. Free video reveals number one secret to increasing your income, to whatever your secret is, right? To getting better grades in school, to doing whatever. So someone would come and they would give you their email address. Then on the next page there would be a video and this video would now take someone with a value ladder, okay? You told me you would give them a free secret. Right here they would give you the free secret, right? It takes someone up one rung up the value ladder. So my free secret, my secret is this and they would actually give that person a secret. A good example like my potato gun offer. We had the, I think I told you every time we have a new funnel we try out, we always test it with our potato gun one. So for this one on my landing page it says, free video reveals the number one secret to shooting a potato 50 yards further than your friends. Then the video I'd be there like, hey, this is my name's Russell and I've got a secret that's going to show you exactly how to shoot a potato 50 yards further than your friends. Now my number one secret is most people think that the type of propellant using your potato guns, the best one is Aquanet hairspray. What we found is that right guard under armed deodorant is actually more flammable and your potato would shoot farther just by switching from Aquanet to right guard. Which by the way as a new fact no longer is true, right guard pulled the propellant out and no longer works in potato guns. Did anyone know that? You guys impressed that I knew that? Anyway, so no longer is my secret true but at the time that was the secret, right? Right guard was the big secret. So everyone goes and what do they have? They have an aha moment like, wow, I never thought about using right guard, that's awesome. What just happened? They actually see some value, they got a little bit of value, like, oh that's cool. And I'm like, well you think that's good, I've got this DVD, on this DVD I've got three other secrets, whatever five other secrets I share and it's awesome and I want to ship it out to you for free. You discover shipping hand is going to be five more secrets. Boom, I receive value and I send them to the next thing, right? So that was the script we always use for microcontinuity and then from there we'd sign them up for, what we do is we get free DVD with five other secrets plus I'm going to let you be part of my online coaching program. It's a four week program, it's a six week program, it's going to show you everything you need to build your first potato gun. It's $30 a month for three months and in three months you have everything you need, blah, blah, blah, blah, right? And we put them on and they go into a members area and each week it would unlock one video lesson for them with homework assignment and stuff like that and at the end of six weeks then we'd build them three or four times whatever it was and that was how we ran our microcontinuity sites. And then after they bought that then we do our one time offers, our special one time offers, which again was just this building block, we unplugged it, just plug it in right there and now you've got a really good sales funnel. That was our microcontinuity funnel. Yeah, good question. I had to talk with Frank Kernabach, because in Frank's book, he's telling free book, he's got a 20 page sales letter on all of them and he kind of thought, and I think he said basically it's a free thing but you still got to sell it, right? If you want to converge, to get someone to still pull their credit card a while you still got to sell them and so I like having copy as well to try to sell them. But the second piece is I think that the longer your copy is, the more they're sold on that concept, which makes the second sell way easier, right? I'm trying to get them buying into this initial concept. That's why they're buying that first thing. They're sold on that first concept, you get a slippery slope and you get them everything else. But I think the longer copy, better pre-frames them for the next, for the upsell. So if you look at the way we do ours, we've got a short video that's a fast sell and then underneath there's copy that's longer to kind of sell them more.