All right, well that's it you guys again. Thank you so much for ordering the Expert Secrets book. I'm so excited to send this out to you. Now, my guess is if you're at all like me, you're probably like, I wanna read this now. I don't wanna wait a week for it to show up in the mail. And I totally understand that and respect that. And so, unfortunately, I can't just give it to you right through this lens, but I did want to do something really, really cool for you. Now, at the last Funnel Hacking Live event, once a year we put on a big Funnel Hacking Live event with thousands of people from our community. And we teach them sales funnels and marketing and Expert Secrets and how to position yourself. And at the last year's event, I did a 90 minute session that went through the first section of this book, which is how to build a mass movement. And it's kind of what we dissected, like what happens in all mass movements from the beginning of time until now. And it didn't matter if you look at mass movements that were kind of on the super negative side of things like Hitler and the Nazi party, or you look at mass movements on the really positive side, like Christ and Christianity, or any of the different businesses in between, things like Apple and other companies like that. Like what did they do to create these mass movements of people and followers? And when you look at all those different companies and businesses and organizations and movements, and you start looking at all of them, there are patterns that all of them have. And in the first section of this book, we really dissect the three core things that every mass movement has that you have to have if you wanna create that mass movement of people who are gonna follow you and pay you for your advice. And so what I'm gonna do right now is I want you just to basically sit back and I'm gonna let you watch that session from Funnel Hacking Live right now for free. Now normally we sell this for over $97, just this one presentation, but I'm gonna give it to you guys for free, so I want you to watch this and hopefully get even more excited about the book. So what that means is sit back, grab some popcorn, get a drink, whatever you wanna do, and I want you just to go and watch this video, and I think you're really gonna love it. Again, we'll walk through the three things that every single mass movement has. This is my gift to you, and I'm excited to see the movement that you are able to create with the Expert Secrets book. For the next 90 minutes or so, I wanna share with you guys something that I am super excited for. It's something that I've been geeking out with for the last 18 months or so. And if you guys who follow me on Snapchat, you may have watched this process. 18 months ago I started writing this book, and we were writing, I was writing, going through it, and last summer or last summer and a half ago, whatever it was, I was at a family vacation, it was two in the morning, I was working on the book, and I sat there and I was like, this book is good, but I didn't put out, I didn't try, I didn't wanna write a good book, that wasn't the point of this, I wanted to write a great book. And so on Snapchat I highlighted all 240 pages of the book. Who saw this, by the way? A couple of you guys? And then I deleted it, and I started over, so I was like, it was good, but it wasn't right. And so the next almost 12 months of my life has been consumed with this concept of how we grow companies, how we grow businesses, right? Like there's the technical and how we build funnels and things like that, but the funnel is just part of it, right? Like it's the process of bringing somebody through, but there's so much more that goes behind the scenes that most people don't ever talk about. And how do we harness that and understand it? And it's become really fun, and so that became the book. And I said the book is now, the publisher, everything's done, it's getting printed, and the actual launch date for the book is April 18th, which is exciting. And two weeks ago I had 50 of our inner circle members come to Boise for a special three day program we created called the FAT event. Who was at the FAT event? All right, cool. So FAT stands for Funnel Hackathon, F-H-A-T. And we did this FAT event, because I wanted, I was so excited, I was like, I gotta tell everybody about this book, and so we did a three day event going through the book and teaching it. And it was the first time ever talked about it publicly, and it was so exciting. And so as I was preparing this event, I was like, I gotta share it with everybody, like I'm too excited not to. So this is the subtitle of the book. The book is called Expert Secrets, but it's how to create a mass movement of people who will pay for your advice. And that's what we're gonna be talking about. So when I first got started in this business, my very first mentor, his name was Mark Joyner, and I remember at the time it was back when there's a whole bunch of really crazy things happening if people were making money. Back then it was when AdSense was this huge thing. Who here was online during the AdSense days? Go you guys. So the way the AdSense worked is you would throw up a garbage website, and your goal, you didn't get, you got paid when people left the website. So the uglier you made it, the better. And that was like the whole business. They had software that you could go and you click a button, you could create a thousand websites in a day. And so people would build farms, and people would just crank me out, these ugly, horrible websites, and they're making 20, 30, $40,000 a day to some of the people just cranking through. And I was like, I want in on that. And Mark was my mentor, he was like, no, it's a flash in the pan, it's gonna go away. You need to focus on building a list, building an audience. That's what will last. And I'm like, no man, these guys are making like 30 grand a day, clicking buttons, making ugly sites. Like this is the cool, and he's like, no, it's like, and he came, forcing me to focus on building a list, building an audience. And fortunately for me, I listened to him. And I had friends who were making $100,000 a month and beyond in this AdSense thing, and overnight it disappeared. Most of those guys are no longer in this industry. The most of them are back to corporate world doing that kind of thing, because it was a flash in the pan. And I would focus on this one thing, building a mass movement, building people, building audiences. And I look at the last, man, almost 14 years now that I've been doing this, and I've had some huge ups and downs. In fact, tomorrow night, I'm gonna, it's gonna be story time with Russell, and I'm just gonna tell you guys about all my failures. Like, you guys are quick, okay with that? Gonna get really vulnerable, really nervous, but I'm just gonna walk you guys through, because I want you guys to understand, like, we always talk about the upside, right? But I want you guys to see the downside. I'm gonna share a lot of those failures, you just kind of see that side of the story. But what got me through every one of those things was this, was an audience, and understanding funnels. And so that's what I really wanna focus on this first session is this, helping you guys understand that, because it doesn't matter what you're selling. You know, some people, and as I was talking to some people, like, why sell e-commerce products? Like, this doesn't matter for me, but it does. If you look at the big e-commerce brands, who have a big mass movement, they can do 1,000 times more than ones who are selling one-off products on Amazon, ones that you choose, right? If you build a mass movement in any business, any industry, whatever you're doing, like, it is the key to having huge success, okay? So as I was going through this, ever since I deleted the book last summer, and I was like, okay, what are the, like, what are the core things that most mass movements have? And I started, like, going through a huge study period, which was super fun. I was going through studying all sorts of stuff from religious leaders to cult leaders and everything in between. And what was interesting, as I was going through all these different people and studying and looking at all these things, I was taking notes on all these books, and I started, like, I was circling things based on different things I saw. And pretty quick, after reading a whole bunch of stuff, I saw that there were basically three things in every single one of these mass movements that were there, every single one of them, okay? And it didn't matter if you were looking at the most evil, corrupt, horrible movement in the planet, you know, in the history of the world, someone like Hitler, Hitler had all of these three things that I'm talking about. They were in his mass movement. And you look on the other side, you look at Christianity, you look at Christ, you look at the person who I believe is the greatest of us all. You look at the movement he created, they had him as well. And I started looking at that pattern, you look at that pattern over and over and over again, any mass movement, online, offline, business, religion, sports, everything, they had the same things. And as soon as I started looking at that, I started seeing the pattern, what's cool about a pattern is after you recognize it, then you can start replicating, and you can start figuring out what happened and why did it work, and what can I do to, like, engineer that to make it work better? And so this is kind of what we came up with, and this is what I saw, these three things. Every single mass movement had these three things. Number one, was some type of charismatic leader or attractive character. Number two, each of them had a cause that was a future-based cause, something happening in the future, that their movement was looking towards and looking forward to. And the third thing is every one of these leaders provided their followers a new opportunity. I call this a vehicle of change. So I'm gonna walk through all three of these things during this presentation so you can understand the intricacies in each of them, because if you understand them, you understand what the pattern looks like, then you can take that, and you can do things based on it. Okay, so the very first one to talk about is the charismatic leader. Now if you've read the dot-com secrets book, I talk a lot about a concept we call the attractive character, right? This is kind of taking that to the next level. As I was doing the research, I read a really cool article by Kevin Kelly. It takes like three clicks to get this to go forward. I gotta remember that. All right, how many of you guys have read the article, A Thousand True Fans? Not too many of you guys. This is one to write down. I know Ken's read it. All right, so A Thousand True Fans, so I stumbled upon this article a little while ago. Tim Ferriss wrote about it in his most recent book, the Titans book, and in this article, he wrote in 2008, and this is what it said in the article. He said that a creator such as an artist, a musician, a photographer, a craftsperson, performer, animator, designer, video maker, author, or in other words, anyone producing works of art. It kind of covers all of us, right? How many of you guys didn't realize what you're creating is a work of art, right? So it covers all of us, so any of us. He says that anybody trying to produce a work of art only needs to acquire only a thousand true fans to make a living. Now he defines that a true fan is defined as somebody who will purchase anything and everything you produce. They will drive 200 miles to see you sing. They will buy the super deluxe high res, high box, or high res box version of your stuff, even though they have a low res version. They have Google alert stuff for your name, they've bookmarked your eBay pages when your Outer Print edition show up. They come to your opening, they have you signed their copies, they buy your shirts, they buy your mugs, their hats. They can't wait to next issue you work. They are true fans. How many of you guys would say that you guys are true fans of ClickFunnels? Yeah. Yeah. How many of you guys are wearing some funnel swag right now? Okay, but this is the goal. And what's interesting, I started looking at it, I was like, that's not impossible, right? Somebody just thinks about, I gotta build this with 100,000 people, or a million people, things like that. Like that seems overwhelming, but if I can connect, and if I can legitimately change and have effect on a thousand people, a thousand true fans, like that's how we become free, where you can do your art, you can give your gift out to the world, and you have to worry about all the other stuff. And so that became kind of the initial premise as we were going through this with attractive characters, and the goal of that is to get a thousand true fans. And then when you hit a thousand, it'll start bleeding over and it'll continue to grow. But that's kind of the initial, that's where it all begins at, okay? Excuse me. Now the next thing I wanna talk about is I feel like in every one of our lives, we go through this cycle, third, fourth, fifth, come on. All right. All right. So we go through this cycle during our life where first we're just us, right? And everything's good, we're happy, and then something happens, right? And we get excited about a topic. How many of you guys remember when you got excited about whatever it is you teach or sell or do right now? Okay? And so you go through this phase typically of growth, personal growth, where you're like, man, this is awesome. You start reading, you start studying, you start learning, and you start consuming all sorts of information, right? You become a student. I remember the first time I heard Tony Robbins speak, he said he got into personal development, got excited, and he read like 700 books in the next year, and learned everything he could. And then he was like, there's like, I can't keep growing. Like I've got everything. I felt the same way. For those of you guys who've been to our office, you've seen my library. I went through this phase when I got into the marketing and everything, I was like, this is the most amazing thing in the world. I started reading book after book and course, and CDs and like, I went obsessed. I spent hundreds of thousands of dollars in a very short period of time getting obsessed with it. And after a while, like, you can only grow so much as a human being. And then the only way for you to continue to grow at a certain point is not by reading another book, or going to another seminar, or doing another training. Like, you can't physically grow any more than that. The only way for you to continue to grow is when you take that growth, everything you've learned, you've become, and you start sharing it with other people. Like, contribution is how you continue to grow. There's a point, it doesn't matter how smart you get, you cannot physically continue to grow, until you transition from growth to contribution. Okay, me sitting in my office, I can make cool funnels, make good websites, and make money, that's awesome. But the only way for me personally, as a human to grow, was to get you guys here, and share my message with you guys, and guess what happens? I've been watching this with all the guys, I share my message with some of you guys, you take that, you take the software, you take the tool, you go out there, and how many people do you affect? Thousands, tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of people that I can never affect. And so for me to grow, it's through you guys now. You understand that? It's the same thing for you. Like, you can keep growing, keep geeking out, keep learning your topic, but until you're willing to open up and share it with other people, like you can't continue to grow until you're giving that gift to other people. And that's how you start to grow long-term, it's through the growth of other people. And when I understood that, that's when this became such a mission for me, where I was just like, God, this is so cool, and I wanted to build a following of people, I wanted to grow that way. Now, one thing a lot of people tell me when I talk about this, is like, well that's cool Russell, but guess what? I'm scared of being that person, right? How many of you guys, if you're on stage right now, for everybody to be really scared? How many of you guys think I'd be the coolest thing on the planet? Okay, I get both sides of that. I get really scared and I get really excited. But I got a really good message from my buddy Garrett White, who, he wanted to leave a message with you guys about that if you are nervous, because at first, you're not gonna be very good, and that's okay. So this is what Garrett has to tell you. So first off, I understand no matter what you try, in the beginning it's gonna suck, because you suck. But you'll get better and you'll suck less. As you keep doing this, and eventually you'll suck less so little that you'll actually be good. But just surrender to the fact that you're gonna suck. All right. That's a... Preparing you guys for Thursday morning when Garrett and his wife are here. All right, so that's important to understand. At first you were all gonna suck. I sucked, I still get super nervous. Like I was freaking out the last three days, and you could ask any of my staff or my team, like I've been more nervous than anyone. Okay? And at first, you're not gonna be very good, and that's okay, you gotta be okay with that. But the way you become good is what? Is doing it, putting your voice out there, trying, testing, okay? That's why I tell people you should be Snapchatting and Facebook Live, all these things, because not that you're initially gonna affect a lot of other people, but initially you're gonna find your voice. Okay, last year's event was all about that, like how do you find your voice? How do you get that out there? And the more you do it, the more comfortable you get. I was gonna show you guys a really embarrassing video from four years ago, but I cited against it, because I wanted to keep my posturing. But four years ago, I was scared to death to talk directly into the camera. I showed some of my inner circle members this one of our events. I was scared to death. I was doing a JV video, and I was looking at the floor, because I didn't dare to look at the camera. That's four years ago, that's how nervous I was. But I feel comfortable now, because I do it over and over and over again. You become who you need to be, all right? So I wanna walk through this attractive character stuff, because I know we talk about in the Doc Oumseekers book, we talked about a lot, but there's some core things that I want you guys to understand, because it's the key to getting out there, and being okay, and being vulnerable, and letting people into your world, so when you do that, that's how you get people to want to follow you, okay? It's the key, again, every one of these mass movements started with this, with attractive characters. So here's some of the elements that are important. The first thing is you as the attractive character. You have to live the life that your audience wishes they could live, okay? People are looking at you because they want to become like you, okay? You think about actors and actresses, and all these things like, that's a big part of it, okay? My wife, I notice drives her crazy that I share stuff on Snapchat all the time, and do stuff, why do I do that? I want people to see inside of my life. Not that you're gonna do a weird crap that I do, right? Most of you guys probably don't wanna cry or sign on your house, am I guessing? Maybe you do, I don't know. But I wanna show, she does, okay? But I wanna show stuff like, because this is the lifestyle that this has afforded me, and I want to show a glimpse to my audience, like this is what I'm able to do because of this, and I show that because I want people to, I want them to bond with me and be attracted to me, okay? So for you guys, it's the same thing, like you have to live the life that your people would like to live, and then you share it, right? I was watching this morning, Kalen right here, you guys are here from her later on this afternoon. She was up at five o'clock this morning working out in the gym, and her lady boss women are all freaking out with her, like, waking up five o'clock, because she's waking up, okay? We were talking about yesterday, they dress like her now, they buy the same stuff, like they wanna become like her, and so they wouldn't be able to do that if she wasn't willing to share herself with their audience. And she opens those things up, and people see it and say, man, I wanna be like Kalen, she inspires me, if I could be like her, God, that would be the greatest thing in the world. And so even though it's scary, it's important for us to open those things up and share with people, because when they see that, they're gonna wanna become like you, and that's what's gonna get them to be interesting enough to follow you, okay? And it's a scary thing, I promise you, I get scared every time I snap to you, I'm like, gosh, I share this, but I'm like, God, I want people to see like, this is what life can be like if they just do it, if they're just willing to take that step, okay? For most of us, I know there's this thing, right? It's like you can see a little bit ahead of you, but it's dark, and I'm hoping that by me showing stuff that you're like, I don't know what's there, but I saw Russell take that step, let me just take it, and you step there, and all of a sudden you're like, you see a little bit further, and you're like, oh, cool. And you see a little bit further, and that's what I want to do when I'm trying to inspire those things. It's the same thing for your audiences as well. You gotta be willing to share those things. Okay, next thing here is you as the attractive character, you have to maintain absolute certainty. Satema, who's gonna be speaking tomorrow to you guys, one of the coolest people I know, he was one of our inner circle events, and he said, how many of you guys here have self-confidence? And everyone's like, I got self-confidence. He said, self-confidence is for kids. Do you understand that? And we're all like, oh, and you meet him. There he is right there. And I was like, do you wanna stand up real quick to see why I was so scared? And look at this guy. You said self-confidence is for kids. He said, if you're gonna be a leader, you have to maintain absolute certainty. In every situation, the person with the most certainty will always win, in a negotiation, in a sell situation, everything. Whoever has the most certainty always wins. If you wanna be an attractive character, you can't just be like, oh yeah, things are good. You have to be completely certain in what you do and what you teach and who you are. Even if you don't always feel certain sometimes. You have to maintain absolute certainty. That's what people will follow you and be attracted to that. The next thing is you cannot break the cardinal rule. You cannot be boring, okay? This is one of the biggest things people are like, yeah, I did your webinar thing, Russell, I tried it, but nobody bought. So I watched it, I'm like, God, you're so boring. I'm sorry, but you have to be excited about what you're talking about or they're not gonna be excited. You cannot be boring. And there's a lot, and we're gonna talk after lunch, I'm gonna talk about story and bunch of other really cool things that'll help you with that. You have to understand, if you are boring, nobody's gonna wanna listen to you. No one's gonna wanna follow you. And even if normal life, if you are kind of boring, that's okay. I'm not that exciting in real life. When I go home at night, my wife and I hang out with our kids, people are like, so what do you do for fun? I'm like, we hang out and we, with our kids, then we put them to bed, then we go to bed. Like, that's it. Okay? But when I'm here, I gotta be excited, I gotta be excited about what you're talking about. If you guys aren't excited, nobody else is gonna be. You gotta be exciting. Next thing here, this is a little graph I invented. I'm pretty sure I invented this, I'm gonna take credit for it anyway. I call it the prolific index, okay? So when you're teaching and you're sharing with people, if you understand this process right now, is you have to be in the prolific zones. This is how it works. In the middle there, this is called the mainstream. This is the stuff you get inside of school. Have you guys been to school? All right, this is all the stuff you learn there, okay? Nobody will give you any money for that. Okay, you guys understand that? If you're in the fitness market, you're teaching the four food groups, so the food pyramid, whatever it is today, nobody's gonna pay you, because that stuff's free at school, okay? So that's mainstream. In every one of your businesses, there's mainstream stuff, right? If you teach in mainstream, no one's gonna give you any money, no one's gonna pay attention. Then, if you go all the way to the side over here, there's this zone I call the crazy zone, okay? And if you're in the crazy zone, you'll get one or two people to listen, but the masses will not follow you, okay? If I come back to the weight loss example again, how many of you guys have ever seen the documentary Eat the Sun? Are we the only ones? Come on, all right. A couple of you guys will admit it, Anthony's seen. All right, so this is actually a really good documentary about these Indian tribes, who they look at the sun to eat, and these people have not eaten food supposedly for like 20 years, okay? Now, if I was selling that as a weight loss program, EatTheSunSecrets.com, and you're gonna come like, this is how it works, guys, you're gonna look at the sun every day, and that's it, no eating. I'm doing an event this weekend for $2,000 on Teach Guys at Eat the Sun, who's in? Right, they're like, are you kidding me? You guys are nuts though, you're crazy, okay? There's no money in the insane either. So somewhere between like the mainstream of the four food groups, and the crazy stuff over here, there's a sweet spot in the middle, it's called the prolific zone, okay? You look at all the successful people in your market, this is where they're at, they're in the middle. I look at the weight loss industry, right? Look at Dave Asper, he's a good example, right? He said, what if you took butter, and put it in your coffee, and you drank it, and you lose weight? And you're like, that's kind of crazy, but butter sounds really good. Maybe I'll try it, and you're like, ah. So you try it, and you're like, oh, I feel good, and then boom, and you just build a huge company off of that. Supplement line, company, events, clothing, like a whole bunch of stuff off of that, okay? So for you, you gotta figure out where is it? If you're here in the middle, nobody's gonna listen to you. You're over here, one crazy guy will listen to you, but he doesn't have much money. The guy's in the middle, this is where the business is at, this is where you build a massive movement of people, okay? And if people aren't following you, you're probably hanging out over here, over here. You gotta be willing to step out of your comfort zone, and figure out that spot in the prolific zone. And when you find that, that's where your message will start resonating people. And sometimes it's hard to figure that out, like what is that at first? Okay, that's what we talk about again, is like consistently doing stuff and putting things out there. Okay, Anthony, when we launched Biohacking Secrets with him, we didn't know what stuff was gonna take. So eventually, at the very first I was like, hey, do a Facebook Live every single day. How many of you guys have seen Anthony's Facebook Lives? Bunch of you guys? I was like, he's got all these weird laser things he hooks to his head and like light up on my, do all the weird stuff. So he had all these lasers on and he was booming stuff. And it was somewhere over here, because nobody really cared. Everyone's like, why is he got lasers in his nose? Like his nose is glowing, but it's weird. And like no one really paid that attention. And then we, every day he was doing Facebook Lives, so he did one over here and they did one over here and they did one over here. And like he was trying all sorts of different messages and then one day he did a video that was called How to Biohack Your Vegetables and landed somewhere in here within a week. He had 2.3 million views on that video. Like, oh, that's what they want. We should do more of that. You don't know that though, till you're putting a lot of stuff out there and trying and testing it. What do people want? What do they want? And they'll tell you, you'll find out what people get excited for and they do more of that. Okay, and that's how you find out where you are in the spectrum and what your message actually is. Okay, next thing is if you want to be an attractive character, you have to care a lot. How many of you guys know how much I care about your success? Hope you guys realize that. I was up this morning answering Voxers for my inner circle people while I was getting ready for this event. Like I care a lot about your guys' success. That's what keeps me up at night. That's why I'm writing books instead of relaxing on the beach like you're supposed to do. Cause I care a lot and I hope that you guys care a lot as well. Like people can tell that. It's kind of cliche, the whole caring thing can be, but it's like, if you understand that, that is important. And if you really care about your audience, they feel that, they know that, they understand that. And it's a big piece of it. All right, next thing we'll talk about, and this is the key that as I was going through the book, became such a big glaring hole for most people. And as I started understanding this, I just want to show this to everybody cause this is key. The last thing is here, as an attractive character, you have to create your own market. And notice I use the word there create. A lot of people say, hey, you need this business, go pick a niche. Okay, if you pick a niche, you've already failed. You're not picking a niche, you're not picking a market. You are creating a market if you want to be successful. Okay, so let me explain how this whole thing works. So back in the day, maybe, I don't know, 100 years ago, right? There were only three markets. These were the three markets, health, wealth, and relationships. That was it. That was it. I'm at the core right now today. Almost every business you can think of fits into one of those three markets. Okay, now the first dudes along the line, they had it really, really easy. They're like, hey, I'm the health guy. I'm gonna teach you how to get healthy. And everyone's like, dude, that guy's gonna teach me how to get healthy. And they gave him a bunch of money, he was rich. It was easy, right? And then the wealth guy's like, hey, I can get you wealthy and never gave him money. And then that was easy. And then the relationship, I can fix your relationships. And soon there are three guys making a whole bunch of money. Right? And then what happened? Everyone's like, well, I'm healthy too. That guy's making money. I'll teach you how to be healthy too. And some of there were two guys teaching about how to get healthy. And the next guy's like, I want in on that. And there's next guy. And soon there was 10, 20, 30, 50, 100 people all teaching how to get healthy, all teaching these things, right? And all of a sudden what happened? We shifted, these guys shifted from, initially they had, we call, if the clicker will work, praying, they started in a blue ocean. They were the only ones. They were fishing, fish out of the water, making a bunch of money. And then people started jumping in and those waters got bloody. Soon there were 10, 20, 100, 1000 people all competing for the exact same customers. And it got harder, right? First time I met Tony Robbins, he told me, he said, look, when I started my business, there were three channels, NBC, CBS and ABC. So I was on every channel, every single day, and we had the entire world. And then what happened? It split and media got, there's cable, all sorts of stuff. And other people were jumping in, it got harder and harder and harder. And soon he finds, he found himself in a red ocean. We all find ourselves in this spot, right? And so what do we do? Well, one, we become better marketers and we start getting, we're doing better than everybody else, but that's hard. It's hard to sustain and people keep coming and coming and it gets bigger and bigger and bigger. How many of you guys, you look in your market and you're like, man, I'm sitting in the middle of a red ocean, we're fighting, we're fighting for customers and everybody else. How many of you guys feel that right now? That's where most people are at. So it comes back to like, well, how do I, if you've read the book, Red Ocean, Blue Ocean, how do I get that? How do I go into a blue ocean where I'm the only dude fishing because I want all those fish, right? Who wants all those fish? Much better way to do. So if you look at that, initially it started with just the three markets, but then the next shift, it came like this, where the three markets all split into sub markets. Okay, people started specializing. They're like, okay, cool. Inside of wealth, I'm the investing dude or I am the finance person. I do real estate flipping or I teach sales, right? They all started like niching within their market, right? So wealth broke into a whole bunch of sub markets and then relationship broke into sub markets and then health broke into sub markets. And for a while it was awesome because like everyone's like, hey, I'm the sales dude. This is my spot, don't touch it. This is my blue ocean, leave me alone. I'm the real estate guy, this is my ocean, leave me alone. And then all these people have their blue oceans again, everything was good, they're all making a bunch of money. But then what happened? When the real estate guy is like, why flip houses too? I want some of that, he jumps in. And next guy jumps in and all of a sudden all these become bloody, right? And it's just from blue to red again. And so right now we're in an advanced market for all of us, right? Most of these markets were not the first ones into it. And so what you have to do is you have to look at this and figure out, okay, I'm in the wealth market. Inside of that, I'm in internet marketing. Inside of that, like where do I fit in this ecosystem? Every market has its ecosystem. And I can come in there and be like, cool, they're doing that, I'm gonna do the same thing. I almost feel like when we first started this company, we talked about funnel hacking. And everyone's like, cool, they used to just like, that guy's doing that, I'm doing the same thing. And then I started funnel hacking. I'm like, no, that's not what I was saying. I was saying funnel hack the process, understand what they're doing. But if you want to be successful, if you want to grow companies beyond like $100,000 a year and beyond to a million, to 10 million, to 100 million, beyond like, it comes with you not just jumping in and copying someone or funnel hacking them, it's coming into like, understanding their process, but creating your own market that's new. How do you create your own? And so what I do when I came into this is I look at this, okay, here's the three markets, excuse me, here's the three markets, and this is a sub market, then here's the ecosystem, here's all the other people. There's a guy selling Truth About Abs, the guy selling how to do squats, the guy's talking about how to raise your testosterone. I'm looking at all these different people, right? And I'm like, where do I fit? What can I create that's unique that becomes my little blue ocean inside this market? Okay, and that's the question you should ask yourself. If you can figure out what your blue ocean is inside of this thing, then you own it. And what will happen when you get to all this stuff we'll talk about throughout the weekend, as you come to like, how to drive traffic, how to do all these things, you're no longer competing for everybody else's customers. Suddenly someone can buy yours and someone else's. Suddenly you become, all your competitors become partners. Like everything, like it changes the entire landscape when you realize that. And so I look at that like, where do I fit in this ecosystem? Where can I be unique? Where can I carve out my own blue ocean where it's just me and I'm the only one? Okay, and that's the key. Okay, and the book goes through, I wish I could spend like a whole day just on this part, because it's so important. When you get the book it'll go deeper, but that's the key, you guys, is the attractive character. Okay, you can be an attractive character in red ocean, whole bunch of other people and it's tough. You can carve out your own spot where you're the only person and it's your thing becomes really, really easy. Okay, all right, so that's step number one here in creating a mass movement is the attractive character. All right, now as we move on to number two, in creating the mass movement is creating the cause. Okay, every one of these movements that I study, they all had a cause and one interesting thing, it wasn't a cause like what they're doing today, it was a future-based cause. Okay, something future is gonna be happening and that's why you should follow me. Like something cool over here, you should come and check it out, okay? And so I'm gonna kinda walk through this a couple things. Before I do wanna ask you guys, just to help me set this up, how many of you guys are members of the CrossFit Colt? I get this thing to change. All right, how many of you guys are CrossFit Colt members? Come on, there's more CrossFitters than that in here, right? All right, what is it? They're the ones that are like, oh, my leg's hurt, I was up this morning at three. All right, I got a quick video to show you guys about the CrossFit Colt. So I says to her, I says- Okay, before you go farther, why are you talking like this? You're so sweaty. Yeah, we just got back from the box. Hard wad, hard bod, I just hit 6,000 burpees and I feel great. Whoa, whoa! Dude, that is not okay. Sorry, I'm making a smoothie. That's fine. It's paleo. I don't care. Greenish, kiwi, salmon, ham, protein, soy protein, whey protein, I don't care. Well, I don't care that you don't care. First rule of CrossFit, always talk about CrossFit. CrossFit's the best thing. Always talk about CrossFit. CrossFit's not just an exercise, it's a cult. I mean way of life. Did you say it's a cult? Yo, M, spot me. One foot at Instagram, two photos to Instagram. Can you give me three photos to Instagram? Yeah, you guys just exercise without showing off? Nope, Facebook tweeted, reddit it. Oh, Jesus, they're everywhere. Murph, kettlebell swings. Go! What? Love the pain, the pain is your only friend. Anger yourself. You guys seem really sick and hurt. Whoa, whoa, whoa. I'm fine. Ah! It's fine. Stop, guys, guys, stop. This is disturbing. I respect that you have this new hobby you're really excited about, but you don't have to let it change your personalities. Wrong. CrossFit is not a hobby, it's a cult. You said it's a cult. Yeah, you said cult again. No, it's a hobby. It's the second time you've said it's a cult. 50 penalty burpees, trap. The floor is covered in vomit, I'm not okay. No! No! What are you doing? I don't know, there's just so much social pressure and you'll crossfit. Yeah, but that doesn't mean you have to do it. It's actually a pretty good workout. You should try it sometime. Not you too. No! CrossFit! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! All right. So the first time I saw that video, I was dying laughing. And then I came back to the office and we started making this joke. And then the joke spread to the inner circle. Now I want all you guys in on this joke as well. So the goal of what we're trying to do, we're trying to create a culture of people who will follow you and listen to you and buy from you over and over again. So if you guys hear me talk about building a culture, that's what we're talking about, all right? Like the CrossFit cult. We're the funnel hacking culture. And actually we've got a gift for you guys, not today. I think tomorrow, maybe the next day, we're gonna be giving you guys the t-shirt like this. It says funnel hacking, it's a cult. I mean, way of life. So that's the gift you guys are all good for hanging out with us, then you'll be officially part of our culture. And the back says hashtag, it's a cult. So let's start using that everybody. Every time you're talking about funnel hacking, I wanna make sure we use that. All right, so when we're building a culture of people who are gonna follow us and listen to us and become part of our movement, right? What are some things? So the first step to think about is we have to ask any good movement, we need to create something that other people can put their hope and their faith into. Okay, again, think back to any mass movement in the history of time. And as I started looking through this, it was in the middle of the elections, and the elections were nuts this year. But it was interesting, so I was writing this chapter in the heat of this whole thing when everybody was fighting and going crazy and trying to kill each other, and I was like, I don't even care, as long as I can keep selling stuff, I'm good. And watch this, I started looking at the campaign slogans between the candidates at first, and I was like, interesting. And then I started looking back through time, through history, and I was like looking at, in fact, you can Google and look at all the campaign slogans of every presidential candidate from the very beginning. And I started looking at some interesting things. So the first thing, this was George Bush when he was going against Bill Clinton. So George Bush, his motto for his thing was, a proud tradition, okay? What's that? It's very like now, very present-based. Okay, he was going against Bill Clinton, guess what his was? It's time to change America, the future. This is where we're going, guys, let's change this thing. Who won? Okay, he brought people to the future, okay? John McCain, country first, I'm in the present. All right, who cares? Not me, he didn't win. Okay, what did Barack Obama say? Change, over here guys, this is in the future, come on. We're changing this thing, let's go. Interesting, huh? What did Hillary say? Fighting for us, I'm with her, these are her slogans. Okay? Then we had Trump, what was his? Make America great again, over here, come on, this is the future. Now I'm not saying that that's why they won, but I think it's why they won. I don't know. I don't follow politics that close, but I don't know, it's interesting. And we get to the third thing, talking about a new opportunity, it ties in this as well. The people that are winning are the people that offer a new opportunity, it's really, really interesting. Whether you care who won or not, it doesn't matter to me, but it's interesting when you start looking at this throughout time. The interesting thing is like, consistently what won almost every time is the same thing, it was change, change, change. Most of your people guess what they want in their life. What change? Like that's what people are following you for, they want something different, they want a future, a bright future, that's what you're creating. So when we started creating this movement, I didn't think through these things initially, but as we started doing it, some cool things started. As you guys know, the theme for this event is that you're just one funnel away. Now as I started working on the sales message to get you guys all to come hang out with me here, initially started with Dan Usher made this video, which was amazing, and he sent me the video, I watched it like 40 times, I was like getting chills every time, like this is so cool. And I was like, okay, I put the video on a page and click funnels, I was like, what's the headline? I wrote, I'm thinking through a bunch of things, I got my swipe files out, I'm looking at all these Gary Halbert swipe files, and he had your one sales letter away from being rich. And I was like, that's cool, that's the theme of the event. I wrote your one funnel away from being rich. And I was like, it seems so shallow to me. I was like, I guess some people want to get rich, and that's cool, that's kind of shallow. I'm like, okay, well, what do our people want? I'm like, well, they're one funnel away from, most of our people have a message, like well, the one funnel way from getting their message out to the world. I was like, well, that's cool too, but that's not everybody, everyone's got different purposes, different reasons, right? And some of you guys are like, funnel away from firing your boss, one funnel away from saving your family. Everyone had a different purpose. And as I kept rewriting the headline like 50 times, finally I deleted the end of it, I clicked delete, I'm sitting there thinking about the next thing to write, and I looked up and I saw this, I saw, here's one funnel away, and I added dot, dot, dot, I was like, that's it. Like for us, like that's it, right? And then the next day after we launched, I saw somebody post in the Facebook group, and they said, I was about to give up, because I've been trying this thing for a long time, and I just, I was frustrated, I was ready to be done, and then Russell sent out the email today, the subject line was you're one funnel away, and he was speaking to me, because I know this one hasn't worked, this one hasn't worked, but I know that there's just one, like if I get that one funnel, it'll change everything. And that's for all of you guys, like no matter where you are, some of you guys are new, you're at the start-up phase, like one funnel will change everything for you. Some of you guys are beyond the start phase, so you have good stuff happening, but you're trying to get the next level, you're trying to serve more people, you're trying to do whatever it is, like you're one funnel away from that. Like I said, tomorrow I'm gonna do story time, the ups and the downs, three times I've almost gone bankrupt since I started this company, my companies, and all three times it was a funnel that got me out of it every single time. And so it's not something to just cliche we made up, but it's true, and I believe it with my heart, and so that's what we put out there, and you guys are here, your proof that that was a good message. And so for all of you guys, you need to have something similar. When we did the FAT event with the Inner Circle members two weeks ago, that's one of the things I said, I said, look, pretend like you're running for the president of the United States for your mass movement. Like what's your slogan, what are you campaigning on, why should people follow you? You need to have that. This is my campaign, every one of my videos, and I try to sign off, like you're one funnel away, every email you're one funnel away, like this is my future-based cause, I want everybody to understand and become part of, because if you believe that, you're coming where we're going. Okay, and so all of you guys, you gotta have that, think through that, like if you were running for president today, what would be your campaign slogan? What would get your people fired up to come follow you? Okay, you gotta think through that. All right, the second thing here is you have to help your audience break their four minute mile. Now, I'm gonna go ahead and start the story before, in 1954, Roger Bannister broke what everybody thought was impossible, the four minute mile, like it wasn't possible, it wasn't supposed to happen, right? And he did it, and then what happened after he did it? People saw it was possible, and they're like, dang, he did it, I can do it. Okay, and for me, I had a similar experience, I wrote the date down this morning, so I won't forget. August 17th, 2004 was the day that the four minute mile was broken for me. I would just got into this business, I was selling potato guns, I was selling zip brand, or for those who remember that, I was selling, all these little things I had created, and trying to make some money, and I was happy. My goal when I got started was $1,000 a month, I could make $1,000 a month, that's it, I'll be free. My wife and I can go on dates, we could get a nice car, like $1,000 a month would change our life. Excuse me, and that was my entire goal going into this business, and we were at a family reunion in August, and our family reunion we go to was a place called Bear Lake, Idaho, it's on the border of Utah and Idaho, and my family all goes every single year, so my wife and I drove down there, and my family all out there, and we're hanging out, and in Bear Lake at the time, they didn't have internet access, this is pretty cell phones, pretty wifi, there's no internet access, and I had launched my company, I had like six customers at the time, and I was stressing out the whole time, like, what if one of them emails me, like, I gotta make sure that like, you know, my six customers, I gotta take care of my precious little customers, they're mine, and so after like, four or five days down at the lake, I was like freaking out, I told Collette, I was like, okay, we gotta go find, I gotta go find like, somewhere to like, check my email, so we asked around and find that like, there's one place in all of Bear Lake that has internet, and it's the public library, and so one day I drove down there, they dropped me off the public library, and I walk in, and I walk in there, and there's like, two computers, and there's chairs, and there's a line of people behind each of them, and there's a sign that says like, 10 minute limit, and I'm like, oh crap, I'm waiting in line, waiting, you know, and the person's off, I go, next one, waiting, I'm waiting, find this, my turn, so I jump in, then the computer, I sit down, and I start, I start checking my email, my email address at the time was moneyforcollegeatjuno.com, so I logged into Juno, I'm downloading my emails, and this email popped in, and it said, subject line was something like, we did it, I was like, did what? And I click on this, and there's an email from John Reese, and John at the time, I had heard about this, he was launching a new course called Traffic Secrets, during that week when I was gone, and so I kind of knew a little bit, he was this big internet famous guru guy, and I didn't know anything else other than that, but got his email, I opened it, and in an email he explained, he said, look guys, we launched Traffic Secrets earlier today, and he's like, he sort of broke down, he said, at 18 hours, we had sold 1,000 copies at $1,000, so that means we made a million dollars in just 18 hours. I remember sitting there, like everything around me just got quiet, and I sat back in my chair, and I was like, you made a million dollars in a day. My goal was $1,000 a month, this guy made a million dollars, I didn't know that was even possible, but he did it. And I was like, that's my goal, I don't wanna make a million dollars a day, but I wanna make a million dollars, I was starting to math, he had a thousand dollar course, he sold 1,000 copies, like what if I created a course with $1,000, I sold three a day, like in a year, I'd make a million dollars in a year, and it became so clear, so crystal clear to me, that it was possible that it became real for me, and I could taste it. And if you ask most of the internet guys nowadays that were around then, that was the moment for them when they believed too. I went back, and afterwards I started working, I was like, I'm gonna make a million dollars, I'm gonna make a million, it wasn't even in my radar prior to that, and I was like, I'm gonna make a million dollars, make a million dollars, I started going out there, and the first year I went for it, I didn't make a million dollars, I was shy of like a hundred and something thousand dollars, but I almost made a million dollars that year. Next year I tried again, saying that I was shy of like, 50, 60 that I didn't make it two years in a row, and I was like, John did it, I can do this, I have to do it, and the third year, the third try, we did it, we broke it, I think we did it in 1.2 million dollars that year, and I was like, God, we did it. But for me, the reason why I was able to do that, the reason why I'm here in front of you guys today, is because John broke the four minute mile for me, and for me, as soon as he did, I was like, I can do that. Like it's possible for me. And so for us, and some of you guys know this, later on tomorrow we're gonna give away these awards, but we wanted to do this for, inside of ClickFunnels, I was like, what's the equivalent for us of a four minute mile? What can we give people to give them a goal to shoot after? And I thought, well, if you have a funnel that makes a million dollars, that's pretty cool. And so first thing I went through all my funnels, I think we had like, I can't remember, 16 or 17 funnels that we had that I had done that had made a million dollars, and I was like, that's cool. And I was like, I wonder, inside of ClickFunnels, how many have made over a million dollars? And so I had Dave and Tracy, some of the guys, go through all the stats and pull everything out, and at the time, I was expecting we had maybe a dozen people that made a million dollars in a funnel. And anyway, Dave got the report back and messaged me, he's like, dude, we've had over 50 people that have made over a million dollars so far. So I was like, are you kidding me? We started doing deeper and deeper, and I think tomorrow we are gonna be delivering, so this is called, we decided to call it a two comma club award, and a million dollars is two commas. I was a little slow, took me a minute to figure it out. The two comma clubs means a million dollars. And so for you guys, every single time you have a funnel that makes over a million dollars, we're gonna send you one of these amazing trophies to put on your wall. Is that exciting? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Turned out so cool, huh? Now, the coolest thing though is like, we brought these all here, and I would say probably two thirds of those people that got that are here tonight today. In fact, on the tags, if you look at the tags as two comma club, that means that person has a funnel that's made over a million dollars. So you should ask them questions, number one. But number two, we're gonna bring them on stage, and we're gonna show, we're gonna give these to them. Cause I want all of you guys who aren't here yet to see that and realize that it's not just Russell. It's not just a couple of people. Almost a hundred of your peers have already done it. The four minute mile has been broken. And I want every single one of you guys that this is your goal is at least one of these. And hopefully one a year, hopefully two a year, and to keep going on. Cause every time you get a funnel, breaks a million dollars and send you another one. I want all of your offices lined with two comma club awards. That's my goal for you guys. So for you guys, you gotta think back into your business. Like what is it, what's the result that your people want? That they're dreaming about and desire. Like if I can have that, that'd be the greatest thing in the world. And then create something that gives them the ability to aspire to go towards that. Help them break the four minute mile. All right. Number three. This is one that kind of happened accidentally as well for us, but it's super important. Your audience, your tribe, your people, your culture that are following you, help them to self identify who they are. Now I didn't know this initially until when we were first we were growing ClickFunnels. And we called the webinar funnel hackers initially. So we had these funnel hacker shirts made up for ourselves. And then we were trying to get people that were joining ClickFunnels. We had a lot of people joining and someone would leave. And we're like, how do we get these people to stay? We started surveying, we found out the people that left. The reason why most of them left is because they didn't actually use the software. So I'm like, how do we bribe people to actually use the software? So I'm sure most of you hasn't been through this process, but like when you come in, there's a video of me saying, hey, if you watch a 12 minute demo video, I'm gonna ship you this t-shirt for free. How many of you saw the video? We just have the t-shirt. Okay, so we started doing that. And you're not even doing it. You just have to watch the video and then we send you this t-shirt that says funnel hacker. So we started doing that and instantly our churn like dropped in half. Like, holy crap, that was a good idea. And then we started shipping out shirts, a lot of shirts. I think we're shipping out thousands of shirts a week right now, which is awesome. And but it gets expensive. And so like every few months our team's like, well, should we keep doing this? And it's funny because after the first batch we shipped out like 10,000 shirts, which look at the math, I mean, the shirts are, I need nine, 10 bucks a piece. I mean, it was over a hundred grand in just like shirts. And we're like, is this worth doing? And at the time, some guy messaged me on Facebook. It was really interesting. He said, you know what Russell was like? I joined ClickFunnels like a year ago and I've never used it ever. But a week after I signed up, you sent me this shirt. It's like, it's my favorite shirt. I wear it every single day. And I'm never gonna cancel my ClickFunnels account because I wanna be part of this. I was like, that is so interesting. Like, huh, how cool is that? And I was like, this is so cool because then people self, how many guys identify? Like, I'm a funnel hacker. How many of us feel that? Like, that's the thing that you are. Like for me, like it's big. Like that's part of my identity now. And I want everyone having that inside of our culture. Like this is part of your identity. And then last year before the event started, we had ideas for like 10 different t-shirt names and all of them are like cool t-shirts and stuff. And everybody kind of vote on it. And the one that won by like 10X versus all the other ones was this one, I build funnels. And same thing, people identify. How many guys identify like I build funnels? That's what I do. I'm a funnel builder. So you start doing stuff that you can get people to self identify with you, with your movement. Okay. And so I always like say that people like, how do I know what I'm creating? I'm always like, if it fits on a t-shirt, then that means you figure this one out right. Okay. So if they can wear t-shirts saying, I'm a funnel hacker, I build funnels, I something. If they can say that, then that's the right thing. I think all you guys should have t-shirts for your audience. It's the coolest thing in the world. Never in your t-shirts. Which is why we're giving you guys a bunch of t-shirts this weekend. So I want you guys all wearing them. But helping people as self identify is a big piece of that. All right. Number four. This is a, there's a longer explanation inside of the book. But I'll kind of go through this. I call this the title Liberty. And there's a story in a, for those who are Mormons of the audience, Mormon theology, there's a story in the Book of Mormon that's important to me. And regardless of religious beliefs, it's still an important lesson. And so there's a guy, his name was Captain Moroni. And he was leading an army of people to a war that he should not have won. In fact, his people were coming and they're attacking this place and like they're getting destroyed. So much so that his own army was like, we can't win. And they started leaving going to enemy lines. Like, I'm gonna get killed. I might as well be on the winning side. And his people started leaving him. He was like, what do I do? How do I save these people from themselves? Like we're trying to win this war. We're the good guys. Like what do we do? And so what he did is he stood up there on stage in front of his people. And then when I pitched this in my head, I pitched your, you know, movie Braveheart where Mel Gibson runs with the thing and is saying freedom. Like I've visioned this. He took his coat and he ripped his coat. And on the coat he wrote, in memory of our God, our lives, our freedom. And I don't know exactly, just say exactly, he wrote that on his coat, put it on his pole and started running through and telling people like, this is why we're fighting. This is why we're doing what we do. And people stood up and they followed him. And they went into this war. They shouldn't have won and they won. Because people had that thing. Okay. And so for everyone, like your audience should have that like a title of liberty, something, you know, some people call them manifestos. Some people call it like whatever there's something that people can rally behind and say, yes, this is who we are. This is where we're going. This is what we're doing. This is why we're part of this. So I want to show you guys, some of you guys, probably know a little bit behind the scenes. So last year about this time, I had a crazy idea after watching a reality show, which is like the worst time to have like good ideas. Because then it was actually, Chip and Joanne games. What's that show called? Flip, Fix Your Upper, Fix Your Upper. Yeah. So we're watching Fix Your Upper by my wife and I. And next day we're driving the car and I was like, how on my own reality show? How cool would that be? And I was like, wait, what if we did have our own reality show? That'd be a great idea, right? And I was like, we could film us like working with entrepreneurs, taking their businesses and flipping them just like on the show. And then like show before and after would be so cool. So I messaged Brandon who's here somewhere does our video stuff and I'm like, hey, would you want to do a reality show? He's like, heck yeah. I'm like, all right, dude, we're doing a reality show. Which was like probably like not the smartest thing. And then we jumped right in, into a Russell fashion and just launched a reality show. So we filmed eight episodes. The first one's completely done. And we'll probably be showing it to you guys in about a week or two. And then we've got eight episodes coming back to back to back. They're amazing. But I want to show you guys the intro of the show for two reasons. One to get you guys fired up out when the show comes live. But number two, because this is my title, Liberty. This is my stand for our people. Now notice a bunch of things that are happening here. If you look at the graphic, right? I'm introducing the attractive character, the charismatic leader. I'm identifying the movement. We're taking a stand. Who are we and who are we not? We're trying to divide that line very clear so people know this is who we are and this is who we're not. This is where we're going. This is where we're fighting. This is what we're collectively trying to do as a group, as a culture of people. And so that's what this video is about. And if you guys like this, I need you to put your binders down at the end and stand up and go crazy. It'll make Brandon feel really good because I'm really proud of it. All right? So you guys promise if you like it, jump up and go crazy at the end. Are yours ready? All right, here we go. My name is Russell Brunson. And I'm part of an underground group of entrepreneurs that you've probably never even heard of before. We don't rely on cash to venture capitalists to get started and we don't even have goals to go public either. In fact, our motivation is the exact opposite. You see, we have products and services and things that we know change people's lives. Because we're fighting against the big brands, people with literally unlimited budgets, we have to do things differently. We have to do things smarter. We don't have financial safety nets because every test we take is with our own money. We have to be profitable from day number one. So how do we do that? How is that even possible? If you ask the MBAs or look at your college textbooks, they will tell you what we are doing is impossible. Yet it's happening every single day. And it's happening through an art and a science that we call funnel hacking. It's not really something that I can explain to you, it's something I have to show you. These stories are a glimpse of entrepreneurs just like you. They have a dream and a vision. You want to change the world in their own little way. I use the funnel hacking process to help make their dreams become a reality. Yes, we are funnel hackers and these are our stories. Yeah, yeah! This is so cool. Whoo, so excited! I'm so excited to show this to you guys. Who wants to see it? Me or you? Me or you? Me or you? Me or you? Me or you? Who wants to stop and watch episode one right now? Yeah! All right, episode one is about Anthony and biohacking secrets. And it's like the coolest... Anyway, I'm so excited to share with you guys, but not today. Soon. And yes, when I was writing the script, I did steal the last line from Law and Order. So I don't know. That show's done pretty well over the decades, so I thought I might as well use it. All right. Okay, so last number two. Number one, talked about is the charismatic leader becoming that person you need to be to lead people. Number two is the cause, the future-based cause that inspires people to follow you, to go somewhere. And number three, this is one of the coolest parts. And when I realized this, like this was for me, when I got this piece, was the key. In fact, when I got it, I was sitting in a little car in Kenya, and my wife had just fallen asleep, and I'm reading this book, and I have a little pen, and I'm taking notes, but on this like, bum, be a road, and I'm like, scribbling on my China underlying stuff. And also, I was like, oh, my gosh, they all have this. Like, this was like, that was the third piece. I got that. It was like, that's it. This is the thing to understand. Okay, and it's the new opportunity. Okay, now, I hope I do this justice. If you understand this, this is like the key to your as a success. This is the difference between a business making $100,000 a year and a business making $100 million a year as this, if you understand it. Okay, most people, when they're selling a product, what they're doing, they're selling something we call the improvement offer, something to make you better. Okay, in our last NERC circle meeting, Henry said, anything that ends with an ER, better, smarter, faster, is called an improvement offer. An improvement offer is the easiest thing for us to create, because that's what we always do. I'm gonna make you smarter, faster, better. Whatever that is, the problem is that for me to say yes, I want to become smarter, what do I have to admit? That I'm dumb. If I want to become faster, I have to admit that I'm slow. There's so much resistance to improvement offers. If I'm gonna try to make you improve, it's gonna be very, very hard. If I instead present you with a new opportunity, it becomes better. Okay, now I'm gonna look at them both spectrums again. We come back to Hitler. Okay, Hitler didn't go to the Nazis and be like, hey guys, this sucks. Like all these reparations, where we call them, all these things are happening, this is really, really bad. Like, I'll lead you guys better, we're gonna do some cool stuff, it's gonna be awesome. No, Hitler got it there and he's like, look guys, this is the deal. All these things that are holding his back are wrong. You make me the leader, guess what we're gonna do? We're gonna get rid of them. This thing ends today, it's over, we're starting a new thing. What do people do? They stood up and they followed. Okay, when Christ came, what did Christ say? He said, look, no longer are we gonna do the law of Moses. We're not gonna be doing animal sacrifices and all sorts of stuff. He said, no, this is the new law, this is the new covenant now, instead of doing all this stuff, we're different. This is a new opportunity. Instead, you're gonna come and you're gonna have a broken heart and a contract spirit. You had a different message. It was not we're gonna make this better, we're not gonna make the law of Moses easier or faster. No, it was like, this is the new thing. Okay, and if you have any mass movement that's ever been successful in the history of time, they all have this. The leader did not teach people how to be better. Okay, if you look at corporations, those are the guys who have a corporate job or came from corporate America, what does corporate world offer? Advancements, improvement. If you work five years, you get a raise and you improve, like you improve. No mass movement is based on that. They're all based on this, a new opportunity. When you understand this piece of it, it's the key. I guess nine times out of 10, if what you're selling now is not converting, it's not making money, it's because you're selling an improvement offer. When you shift it to a new opportunity, everything will change. So here's some reason why people don't want improvement offers. Number one, improvement is hard. The definition of the word is like, I have to go improve and become better. Most people who are gonna buy your thing, this is not the first time they've tried to get better at it. It's not the first time they try to lose weight or make money or invest things or whatever it is that you're thinking was, it's not the first time they've tried it and it's hard, right? And you're saying, no, I can make you faster. Like, oh, that's pain. There's so much pain tied to improvement. Number two, desire versus ambition. I would say probably 1% of the world has ambition. The people that are ambitious, right? If you're selling improvement, you were selling to people that are ambitious. That means 99% of the entire world will not buy your thing. So if your offer's not converting, it's because you're selling improvement. You're selling to ambitious people, which is so much harder, okay? New opportunity plays on desire. What do you wanna be? Who do you wanna become? Okay, so it's an enhancement to have a whole new life. No longer do I have to be doing this thing over here. I gotta get rid of it and start a whole new life. Like, that's the key, okay? So if you're selling improvement offer, you're instantly discounting 99% of the population, gone. Number three, when you're selling improvement, as soon as you start talking about, this time I'm gonna help you lose weight, it's gonna be different, this time, whatever it is, they have memories, they're remembering all the times they've failed in the past, and that's what you're fighting against when you're selling. Like, I've tried this 10 times, never worked. Okay, I'll try again. Like, that's what you're selling against, is every single other failure they've ever had at this point. As soon as you're like, no, dude, like none of that stuff is true. Like, here's a whole new opportunity, but it's not improvement. Like, it's something completely different. When you offer that, they don't have any memory of all the pain that you're not selling against that. All you're selling against is like, I have desire, I can actually do this this time. Okay, it's a huge key there. And the next thing is, as soon as you're selling improvement, you're typically in a bloody red ocean, and what happens in a bloody red ocean is you become a commodity. As soon as you become a commodity, then it's a race to the bottom. You become cheaper and cheaper, like, well, I can buy your thing, but it's here, and it's so and so is cheaper and cheaper, and every time it's getting cheaper, and you have to discount to be able to compete, which is the worst way in the world to be. That's what happens when you're in this bloody ocean. The best thing to be is to be in a blue ocean where it's just you, and you can charge whatever you want. Okay, Dan Kennedy told me one time, he said, he said, there is no strategic advantage of being the second lowest price leader in your market. Okay, Walmart's there, almost as cheap as Walmart. Worst tagline ever, right? So if you can't be the lowest price leader in your market, there's no strategic advantage of being number two, but there is a huge strategic advantage of being the most expensive. And we have the same Frank Kerns ads. Frank Kern, the highest, most expensive paid copywriter in the history of planet earth, right, wherever it is, like, he positions himself there, and then what is he get, premium prices. So if you can't be the cheapest, be the most expensive. Like, you can do that when you're not selling improvement. When you're improvement, instantly you're in commodities and you're fighting that. When you're in a blue ocean, when you're creating a new opportunity for someone, it's completely different. Think about the presidential elections again, okay? How many, the people who lost are always talking about improve, improve, improve, improve. People that won, we're all about, here's a new opportunity. Here's a new change. We're gonna drain the swamps in Washington, right? We're all the things that Trump said, like, those are all new opportunities versus the improvement, okay? Understanding that's what people want, okay? The next thing that's important to understand that is tied to this improvement offer. I learned this from Perry Belcher, and when he told it to me, I had this, like, one of those, like, just huge ahas. He said that the reason why people buy from you, and the reason why they don't buy from you is tied to one magic word. When you understand this, it's insane. It's all tied to status. Every buying decision you make is based on status. If I purchase this thing, is it going to increase my status? Or is it going to decrease my status? That's what they're asking. That's the real argument you have with people when you're trying to sell something. And they're looking at it like, cool, I want that thing. If I got that man, I'd be cool. Like, my status would be huge. Like, that'd be awesome. They start thinking about it, they get all excited, and then they're like, wait, but, last time I tried this, I failed. Oh, and then, like, my wife found out, she was really mad, I spent stuff on credit card, still paying the credit card debt. Then my friends found out, and they're going through all the stuff, like, how buying your thing is going to decrease their status. Right? And so you got to figure out, like, how do I create, anytime you're selling improvement offer, you're pushing people down this, like, decrease of status. But it's a new opportunity, they don't know, they don't have it something to base it on, right? So it's just increase in status. So anytime you're creating a new opportunity, I'm looking through, it's like, what are all the ways that them purchasing this thing is going to increase their status, versus the thought of decreasing their status? Okay? There's a reason why people buy really nice cars. I'm gonna get in that car, I have increased status, right? And some of you guys right now, I'm hearing me say that, and you're like, that's not true about me. Nope. Status does not affect me. In fact, I would never drive a nice car, Russell. I'd drive a minivan. I said, oh, really, well, why do you drive a minivan? I'm curious, because it's, you know, economical, and, oh, what would the other moms in the neighborhood think if they decided to drive in a Ferrari? Oh, well, they saw me driving a Ferrari. I think they would all judge me, decreasing status. And they would think that I waste my money, decreasing status. Okay? The same reason why someone drives a Ferrari is the same reason why you may drive a minivan. Because you're afraid of decreasing your status amongst your peers and your friends. Is that interesting? So you have to understand that as you're selling, as you're creating opportunities. It's all about status for people. You understand that, then it's all about, okay, how do I create an offer, and a product, and a service, something that's so amazing, like, no matter what happens, they cannot fail. The only thing that happens is increase the status, and if not, we give them their money back, and they don't lose anything. Right? That's why I live doing guarantees, because when you sell something, they're all excited about the increase. In fact, this actually works, isn't it amazing? Like, what if it doesn't work? Oh, and they start freaking out. It's like, well, we'll give you money back. Cool, time back to ground zero, okay, good. So really understanding that and internalizing it as you're creating things is, that's why people buy, and why they don't buy. When you master that, and you create your presentations and things based on that, it becomes really powerful. All right, so here are the reasons why people crave new opportunities, and why they want those all the time. Number one is it's a new discovery. It's so exciting, I found this new thing, okay? It's the reason why, like, when there's a new viral video that goes out, how many of you guys will admit it? As soon as you see a viral video, if you're like the first one to see it, you wanna share it with everybody you know. You're like, I wanna be the first one to share it. No one's gonna admit it, but think about how much that increases your status if you're the first one, right? New discovery, if you find out this new thing, this new opportunity, like, holy cow. I remember when Dave Astry came out with bold proof coffee, and I don't drink coffee, so I was like, I can't do that. Soon every single person I know was like, oh my gosh, I found this new opportunity, I found this new thing, you have butter in your coffee, you have butter in your coffee, it was everywhere, on news, on TV, every event I went to, I was talking about, it was like, this new opportunity that everybody was talking about, and it went crazy, right? Because it was a new opportunity that people discovered this new thing, and they wanted to share it. Okay, when you offer someone a legitimately new opportunity, they share it. Right now, inside of ClickFunnels, we get over 500 people a day that sign for ClickFunnels, but I don't know where they come from. Because some of all you guys, talking about this new opportunity you found, is that crazy? It's really cool, by the way, thank you, please keep talking about it. In fact, today we passed 32,000 active members today, is that amazing? So, no way. That's all about that, like, the new discovery people get, like, they crave that about new opportunities. Number two, there's no pain in disconnect. Okay, with an improvement offer, I gotta tell you, like, you failed a lot, this time we're gonna try not to fail. No, like, it's a whole different thing, like, you've never even experienced this before. They have no idea, they don't have this pain, like, this pain's gonna happen, right? They don't have to give up their own thing, like, it's a completely new thing that they're able to do. Okay, number three, is dream replacement. This is huge because it's like, they had a dream, like, most people, if you think about this with your audience, right? They're currently in some kind of opportunity trying to get a result, right? Like, if I wanna lose weight, I'm in a vehicle, I'm trying to get over there where I'm gonna get this result. I'm in that vehicle, right? I'm trying to, it's not working for me. And so if I come along and I might try to give an improvement offer, again, it's gonna be this hard, like, ugh. But new opportunities, like, no, this vehicle here sucks, get out of it, come in my car over here, we're gonna take you on this thing, all of a sudden this is a new thing. So they still have the dream of where they're going, but not all the pain of like, ah, I've tried this before, this car's horrible, I'm still driving this horrible Pinto, trying to get to the thing, no, like, you can get rid of that, and it's the whole thing, and so they still have the chance to get the dream of where they're going, without all of the negative side effects and all the negative things that they have about the car that they're in, okay? And then greener pastures, life's always green over there. Okay, and a couple things I wanna help you understand. As soon as I understood this whole concept of new opportunities, I was like, well, how do you present and create a new opportunity, right? That's the next thing, like, it's cool, but how do you make that? And I realized after looking at thousands of different things, I was like, every single new opportunity comes out in one of two things. Number one is an opportunity switch, or number two is called an opportunity stack. Okay, so an opportunity switch is, you're looking at your potential customer, and they're sitting in this opportunity, this car, this vehicle, right? And you're saying, that car you're in is no good. We're gonna switch you to this one right here. Okay, it's a switch. We're changing from this opportunity to this opportunity. Okay, as we did the FAT event last, or two weeks ago, that's one of the big things that came out of it for me was like, understanding that your audience is already in some vehicle trying to get that result over here. Okay, you're not making, you're not gonna teach them, like, oh, there's a result you want, that they already want it. They already wanna lose weight, make money, whatever your thing is, they already have that result they want, but they're in some vehicle that's not getting them the result they want. Okay, so the first one is a switch. You're saying, this vehicle is no good, switch it out for this one, and that's an opportunity switch. The second one is we call an opportunity stack. So they're already an opportunity they like, but you're helping them stacking on a new opportunity. Okay, and I'm gonna show that in about two slides, I'll go deeper on the opportunity stacking part, so they'll make more sense. But traditionally, when somebody's first coming into your world, the first interaction with one of your funnels, what you are presenting to them typically is an opportunity switch. You've been trying this, now instead, you're gonna be coming over here and trying this. That's the switch, okay? Now, opportunity switching usually happens at two different levels. One, if we went, early we talked about like the market and then the submarkets and then where you're creating your niche, you're getting the switch from whatever niche that they're in to your market, okay? To the niche you've created, you've switched them there, or you can come one level out to the submarket, where they say they're doing real estate and you're switching them to internet marketing, or they're doing investing and you're switching them to real estate, whatever that thing is, okay? So you just switch them from one opportunity to the next. Okay, now, if you look at this, typically, the way that most businesses work is the first thing somebody comes, the first time they come into your world, you're doing an opportunity switch, okay? So when most of you guys came into my world, you were doing something already, right? You had a result, you wanted to make money, you wanted to get your message out, you wanted to change whatever your thing was, and you were in some vehicle, right? And I was like, look, the vehicle you guys have is horrible, okay, it's probably lead pages or confusion software, something like that, vehicle's bad, okay? The only option is like certain death and doom and frustration, and I was like, but look at this, there's this new opportunity called ClickFunnels, come over here, boom, and I move you to a new opportunity, I present that to you and you're like, sweet, this is awesome, right? Now, this is the key I want you guys to understand, I actually voxed this to Dan Henry yesterday, okay? In your business, you want one opportunity switch, the fastest way to kill your list, destroy your audience, and confuse people, is to give them a switch, and then a switch, and a switch, and a switch. I looked at the first eight years of my business, and guess what I was doing to my audience? I put them in a new opportunity, oh, and they're like, this is awesome, and I was like, hey guys, there's another new opportunity, and then they all jump over here, and they're like, what about that one? I'm like, that one's good, but this one's even better, and they're like, okay, cool, they'll come over here, and I'm like, oh, over here, and I kept by switching and switching, and very quick, people lose faith in you, and they're like, oh, all these things are awesome, but what am I doing? And I kept moving and moving and moving, right? And so in each year of business, you should have one and only one opportunity switch. After you've switched somebody into your opportunity, now you go deep there, okay? Now you go deep there, and this is where you start doing opportunity stacks. So what are the opportunities within this vehicle that I'm offering you? So for me, most of you guys are familiar with my value ladder, right? You come into my world, you switch into funnels, now what do I have? I've got different things I can offer you guys, click funnels, I can offer you guys funnel scripts, I can offer you guys certification, like these are all new opportunities within the opportunity I've switched you into. Can you show it there again? Okay, so the initial thing I offer is a switch, and after that I stack new opportunities, but they're all based on this foundation of the opportunity that I put people in initially. Does that make sense? Okay, that's how you get people to fall and go deeper and deeper and deeper with you. It's not by switching from thing to thing to thing. Like if I did this, and next week I was doing a webinar about how you guys can make money on in real estate, and the next week I was not talking about is how to do the forex trading, and the next week I was like, how to do SEO? Like, you guys should all leave me, none of you guys would be here. The reason you guys are here today is because everything we're talking about is in this thing. For the last three years I've talked about nothing, but this thing, because this is the vehicle that I believe in. And if you keep switching from thing to thing to thing, people aren't gonna believe you. You have to believe that deep, that this becomes your mission. Like this is, I want everybody into this opportunity. And after that, then we'll stack other things that can take that to the next level. You can become certified and make this into a career. You can join in a circle and help. You know, there's other things that we have, but there's only one switch, and half that's a stack. Does that make sense? Cool, so that's kind of, that's how those things work. And so for each of you guys, this is what I want you guys thinking about during the break that's come up here in a minute, is some of these things, okay? For you, let me go to the next slide. For you guys, as the attractive character, the charismatic leader, as we went through some of these things, like who are you gonna become? What are you gonna be willing to share? Like what's the message you're sharing with your audience? That's the first thing. Number two is figuring out like what's this cause? Like why would people follow me? You know what I'm saying? Well, Russell, I sell flashlights on Amazon. Okay, well right now you do because you're selling commodity, but imagine what if you could change that? What if you could change it to a movement? And I have people buying all sorts of your stuff. Okay, what's the cause? Like why do they care? Where are we going? What's the future about? Like why should they get inspired and fired up to follow you? And think through that. Like what is this cause you're gonna build so you can build an actual cult? Sure of people that wanna be with you, right? And then the third thing I understand is what's the new opportunity of presenting people? What is that? That's the key. As soon as you understand that and look at what you're selling right now. If what you're selling is an improvement, like you'll get so far all of the people with high desire, one percent will buy that, but if you wanna take this, if you wanna grow huge, you gotta present and create a new opportunity. That's the key. And so thinking to like, what is my new opportunity? Is this actually a new opportunity? Am I selling the same thing that 50 other people are? How do I change this so this can become unique to me? So this is my own blue ocean where I'm the only person in here. And now people have to come to me to get this stuff. How do you create that? I want you to think through those things because they're not just like questions you answer really, really quick. A lot of these things came to us over the last two or three years as we're building things out. And like, man, and we start finding things that are working, it becomes the framework and the foundation for everything. So with that said, you guys, that is my first presentation on how to create a mass movement. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.