Hey everyone, this is Julie and I wanted to help you guys come up with ideas. In this challenge today, some of you might be stressing about offer hacking competitors because you're not actually sure what it is that you want to offer the world. And I want to make sure that everyone understands that for the purposes of this challenge, you do not have to pick out your forever business. It's okay. We're just basically trying out an offer and a funnel. And in fact, if you saw Russell's notes of all the offers and all the funnels he's created over his lifetime, it is probably in the thousands. And 999 of those funnels were not his forever business. So try not to get really stuck here. And I gave you a few prompts to figure out like maybe thinking about what you could sell. So do you have any hobbies you're really good at any expertise, any background? As we go through the challenge, we're actually going to be working mostly with selling our advice or information. That's kind of where this challenge is going. Of course, you can do physical products. There's a little bit of an extra work there because you have to source the product. You can also do services, which are a type of info product. It's just not like a course or a workshop. It's actually your time, your brain. So everybody has a talent. Everybody has an expertise. So first, think of something that you're really good at that you can teach someone else to do. So I gave you some examples here. I'm going to tell you, I'm going to use myself as an example. I could teach on things like going to Disney World or playing the piano or being a professional bachelor watcher. I mean, you can really, really get creative. Now, obviously, what Russell has asked you to do in this mission is to offer hack what's currently working in the market right now. And as you have an idea and you start to see the things that people are selling, you might actually get more ideas. All right, so let's do playing the piano. I was a piano teacher long ago. So the first place I'd like to go is actually Amazon. Amazon is one of the largest search engines in the world. It is actually, I think, the second. Google Pinterest and Amazon are the three kings in this space. And I really like Amazon because people have intent to buy. So I'm going to go here and I'm going to type piano playing. My guess is that most of it is going to be info products, right, which are books. So one of the things that I want to do is kind of look at the book and see where it's ranked because that's going to help tell me how likely it is that people are really buying it. So I know this book is pretty popular. So I'm going to open that up, take a look here, and I'm going to scroll down and I'm going to look at the best seller rank. And basically I'm looking for 100,000 or less. OK, because if I know it's ranked less than 100,000, that means it's selling a fair amount of volume. You can see here it's at 162,000 paid in the Kindle store. So it's borderline. I'm going to just look to see if there's any other ones here. I'm just looking. Piano technique, the art of playing piano. I'm also looking for ones with a lot of reviews to see if there's not tons here. Let's see the art of playing piano. I'm just going to look at that one. I'm going to go down here. Best seller rank, 310. OK, so I'm not getting a huge, huge thing here. So now I'm going to maybe think of something else like chords, right? Because I know how to play chords on the piano, which is pretty popular if you're in a band. OK, piano scales, chords, and arpeggio lessons. Let's look at that one. Let's see. Oops, let's go down here. Let's look at how that one's doing. OK, here we go. This is ranked 19,262. What does that mean? It means that people are searching and buying piano scales, chords, and arpeggios. OK, so this is starting to give me an idea that people don't necessarily look for how to play the piano, but they are looking for piano scales and chords. So is there something that I could sell as a course creator where I'm really targeting piano chords? Maybe it's even for a particular niche, piano chords for the top 50 songs on the radio for 2018. Or if you're religious, like the best 100 chord charts for worship songs or whatever. So now I'm starting to get an idea. All right, so that's cool. And you can do this for any niche where you want to look at the best seller rank. And that will just hopefully give you ideas. You don't have to offer hack all of this stuff. Obviously, not everybody is going to have a funnel. So, you know, I'm reasonably certain that Damon, what's his buckets, probably doesn't have a funnel for this book. But let's just pretend for now that I'm kind of interested in piano. So now what I'm going to do is I have to think of who are the best piano teachers in the world. I'll probably go to Google and I'm just going to do piano teachers. And it looks like a lot of this is just going to be super local based. So maybe I would do methods because I want to try to find somebody like, OK, Bastian, a dozen a day, Suzuki, right? OK, so you can come down here, you can look and you can see what are the different piano methods because you want to see how they're selling things online. And I don't know how many of these are actually even going to have funnels because this is a super kind of bizarre niche, but I did it on purpose to show you that you can do this with any niche. OK, so let's see. Comparing piano teaching methods. We've got nine best piano books for kids and adults. Alfred. If you go here, OK, it's all just going to take you. It's just going to take you to Amazon. So most of these will not be running ads. Another place I might go to is teachers pay teachers. I know sometimes they're they're selling piano, piano lessons and all kinds of resources. OK, and I'm going to try to look here what the ratings are. Elementary piano students label the keys. OK, so maybe I could sell some sort of like digital templates with lessons and maybe I could target kids. Right, so now I'm kind of getting some ideas. This is super organic. This is not scientific. This is not a science. I'm simply trying to find an expertise that I have and I'm looking at what's currently selling in the marketplace. And even if you have a super hard niche like this one where you're very rarely going to find funnels, you can still start to get ideas. So I've already had an idea for doing chords. I've had an idea for templates. Now I could also go into Facebook and I could do type in the word piano and I could click over here on pages. And OK, look, here's the piano guys. Now it looks like these are musician or a band. Busy moms do piano. OK, so she's got 6,000 people. She's also got something here as of October 5th. I'm going to just see if she's got any info and ads at all. Looks like she might just be running ads. Ah, here we go. She's got a lead pages. OK, practicing checklist. So now I'm going to say send me my checklist. Now we don't know how how good her funnel is. But we're going to go look. OK, busy preschoolers do music is my 9 lesson play-based course for kiddos age 3 to 5. I'm definitely going to click on this ad. OK, and here we have found a funnel that actually did not take that long and in a super tricky niche. So here we go. Oh, I got an opt-in again. OK, it says a special link. Obviously we're going to go and look. OK, so this is $16 that she's selling a 9 lesson music course. So this was, I did not even plan this, you guys. I literally turned my computer on. I decided I'm going to show you I'm going to go just start from beginning to end. I'm not even going to prepare. So this is all just natural. So the two ads that are running right now. And you can also actually you used to be able to see what she was targeting, but you can't see it right now. All right, so you could do Amazon. You can also go to Pinterest as well. Pinterest is another giant search engine. So if you plan on doing any sort of info products in the parenting niche, the decorating niche, anything like that, you may want to come here and type in piano playing or whatever your niche is. So I could click on any one of these. Some of these are going to lead me to blogs or sites or let's look here. What does this say? Free. Learn to play the piano online. This might take us to like a... OK, let's see. Free online piano lessons. OK, so then you can follow the blog post and keep going. Here we go. OK, so start lesson once. This looks like a free piano lesson. But again, you can get ideas from like the games, the sessions, the tracks, the printables, everything. And my guess is if you go to Hoffman Academy, let's see, maybe, oh wait, get premium. Let's see what it's going to say. Pricing. OK, so they're showing you this isn't... Now we've just funnel hacked again. It looks like what the free is and then what $18 a month looks like. So you can get an idea on pricing and kind of how they position it. This looks pretty professional. It says join our community of 170,000 music learners. So I would, if I were you, then follow the trail through YouTube, through Instagram, through Pinterest. Right? Awesome. This is 21,000 people like this. Let's go to info and ads. And now you can see $2 per lesson. You can see all the different ads that they are running on their site. So I hope that's helpful. If you have some ideas, go traipsing around the Internet, use Google, use Amazon, use Pinterest, use Facebook, and begin generating a whole bucket load of ideas and then offer hack your competitors.