BOOM! What's going on everyone? Welcome to today. Welcome to the very beginning of the challenge. My friends, the point of this challenge is not just to teach you how to be a funnel builder or simply to launch a funnel, but to make us so you cannot see the world the same way once this challenge is done. So far, do you think my goal has worked? How many guys are having a hard time like seeing the world the same way you did before? Yeah? Yeah. Alright, sweet. Okay, sounds good. Hopefully what it's done though is it's helped you see that, oh my gosh, I actually have more potential than I realized, and there's far more opportunities than I realized, okay? And a lot of it just has to do with the way I think. Now for me, the world mindset sometimes can be a little bit fluffy because a lot of people throw it around, but hopefully understand what I'm doing to you, especially after seeing Friday's Q&A call, which is all about helping you understand that I am looking at what you do as a vehicle internal external-related false belief. Now that you understand the core of that and understand that your constrictions, right, the things that make you feel like you're actually being held back as actually your superpower, I want you to know. Anyway, I believe that you're ready to actually get started in this whole thing. So this week is all about creating the offer. Now, the offer is obviously the thing that transfers value, okay? It's not what makes them buy, but it is the thing that fulfills on the promises that your sales message made. Okay, now when I first started doing this, I went and I created, I had the CD, which tells you it was a while ago. I was selling the CD and it was the CD, and this is what happened. I went and I launched the CD and I followed Russell Brunson's book funnel, so I'd have a cool thing to model. And what was interesting is, so people go and they could buy the CD, it was free plus shipping, they went and they bought the CD, and this is the product I spent many months creating and it was, guys, it was so frustrating. I watched the thing out, I put it out there, and nobody bought it for a while. And suddenly about four months later, literally four months later, my phone dings, ding! And I put my phone, I was walking through campus, it was a nice day, and I looked up at my phone, I was like, why did somebody just send me $7.95? And I looked down at it, and I couldn't remember that I even launched it. And suddenly a few minutes later, something ding! Another one for $170 or whatever. Ding! Another one for $297. I was like, what is going on? And I go and I start looking and I realize it's this thing I had set up months ago, but I had no idea how to get traffic, had no idea how to actually get eyeballs on it. And because of that, I forgot about it. And it was frustrating for me for a little while. And I start looking at this, I go back and I called the guy, and he's like, why aren't you selling this more? And I said, I should probably start doing that. So I started driving a little bit more eyeballs, okay? I started putting more eyeballs in front of more people. And what was interesting is I, as I started selling more and more, this slight badge of honor kind of just came over me. I was like, this is actually working! Oh my gosh! Russell Brunson, you don't just look really young, you're actually brilliant! Whoa! You know, I was like so stoked about it. Holy crap! But this really funny thing started happening. People would come in and they would start buying this CD. And people started reaching out. And they said, I bought this CD. I wish though that you had just included your first upsell as part of it for free. And I was like, what? It's an upsell for a reason. No, I'm not going to do that. And I was mad. And the next person came up and said the same thing. And the next person came up and said the same thing. And I remember talking to my wife and I was like, I remember talking to my wife, I was like, who are these people to say that I should give all my crap to them for free? I'm not a charity! You know? And I was a little bit mad about it. I was like, no, no, I'm not just going to hand you over this thing. And I remember saying that to my wife and she said, anyway, I was like, maybe I should just toss it in there. So I was like, all right, well, I can't tell if these people are just freeloaders or I actually, is the market telling me something I need to change? And that question drove a lot of my behaviors from then on. Or what I did is I went and I added that first upsell as part of the major product and increased the price just a little bit. Boom! Had a massive increase in sales. I was like, whoa, are you serious? This is crazy. That's that. Huh. This is fast. Why is this word? That's fascinating. Why is that working so well? Well, this big boost in sales came up. I did nothing else but just add in the first upsell as part of the main and a big boost. I was making more money than before I made that decision. Well, as I kept selling, I kept selling, kept selling, the same things started happening again. And people came up and they're like, why don't you put that next upsell as part of the main thing? It just makes more sense. And I had the same reaction. I was like, stop telling me to give you all my stuff for free. What is going on? And I was mad about that. I was mad about it. And I was like, there's no way. Anyway, so I was like, well, maybe this is the market telling me something they should do, something I need to do. So I took that second piece and I went and I added it as part of the original and increased the price of the overall package. Boom. Massive and sustained spike in sales again. I was like, that's really, really fast. That's why is that working so well? And this started an idea for me. This started a way of thinking for me. And I realized that I had created a product solely out of what I thought would be cool. My friends, do you fill your own wallet? No, right? No, you don't fill your own wallet. Right. And I started really, that was the first time I started realizing that I needed to stop listening to my own opinions so much. Okay. I needed to stop putting so much weight behind what I thought would be cool because I'm not the one filling it. And as all the things I started launching after that, I started listening to more of the market and I started becoming more of a detective rather than trying to be a creative genius. Genius. Okay. I was like, whoa, that's crazy. That's crazy. Don't tell me my wife is right. I'm not saying that that's between you and your wife. Okay. But that was the funny thing though that I started realizing was, oh my gosh, I need to start listening more to the market and being more of a detective. Okay. Funny enough, I didn't realize I had already read the book dot com secrets by that time now who has read the book dot com secrets just so I know we got 445 of us on right now how many guys have read it. So quite a few you which is great. Okay, remember I told you guys the first time I read this book is you haven't read it yet few guys haven't read it. Okay, cool. Twice read it 10 times. Dang, that's awesome. All right, cool. Well, the first time I read this book was on a security line right in the army and I had my m16 my right hand I had dot com secrets my left hand and they have little pen slots right here in the army uniforms. So I would lay my rifle down take notes, you know, then put the pen back in and just stay in the prone for several days, you know, and it was so destroyed by the time it was done that I had I handed the book off to somebody else too much dirt in the binding too much rainwater. But anyway, that book changed my life. What was funny is that when when you read this book, what's the basic premise of this book? Look, funnel hack, meaning model, meaning listen to the market, let them guide you on what you should sell. Right? Well, when this book came out, expert secrets, expert secrets comes out. And what is expert secrets all about? Expert secrets about creating something brand new, something prolific, something that no one's seen before, something that's truly a new opportunity. And you're like, does that does that kind of conflict a little bit? Right? And I remember the first time I was like, wait a second, this is this is their clash in the two concepts. Why would you ever do anything new? And then this is create something new. Why would you do something that someone's been done for? I was like, whoa, wait a second. And what I need you to understand is that they are working together. Okay, this book says model what's been done. It's like following the Yellowbrook Road, Dorothy, right? You're following the Yellowbrook Road as far as it goes and when it ends, right, that's the security path. But when it ends, then you add in a new brick. Hey, brother, I see you, you might want to pop off. Sup, Shane? Yeah, Shane popped on right there. Okay. Yeah, anyway, does that make sense though? So I have the I have the red ocean. I have modeling, I have seeing what's already been done, what's successful. And this is sliding on in just one final brick right at the end of something that's never been done before. Okay, this is this is huge. This is a very big because what ends up happening is if you do straight new, you do what college taught me, which is to do something totally brand new, but that is so freaking risky, so risky. Yeah, exactly. That's the last this is the last 20%. This is the 80%. This is the last 20%. Okay, so funnel hacking modeling. What is it to funnel hack? The misconception of funnel hacking is that I'm going to go buy something that's already up from on the internet from a competitor online or offline. And I'm going to go screenshot everything that's on their page. So if I see that someone's really successful, they have a green button on the right. I'm also going to go have a green button on the right there in lies security. Okay, that's not really funnel hacking. Funnel hacking is two things guys. Okay, I want to write this down funnel hacking is figuring this out, you know, actually, let me let me go into paintbrush, which is where all good funnel hacking begins. And share my screen with you guys. All right, here we go. Let me pull the chat up so it's all saved as well. Okay, what we're doing and when we say we're going to offer hack and we're going to create offers in this in this area now, what we're doing is we are creating. Well, first of all, we are going to promise health or wealth or relationships. Okay, now I was just doing some consulting with somebody over on Hollywood last weekend, which is really, really fun. And I asked them, Hey, are you guys selling? Are you promising? Are you delivering health or wealth or relationships? And the person said all three that you cannot do that. Okay, someone asked the question for ratchet straps. Let's say you're selling ratchet straps, everybody. Okay, let's say you're selling ratchet straps. Well, are you selling health wealth or relationships because you're not selling ratchet straps? Okay, what are you delivering if your product with the thing that you have an idea for if it does not naturally fit in one of those three, okay, you must have the sales message fit in one of those three. Okay, an offer and a sales message are not the same thing. They're intertwined, but they're separate. This week is all about the offer. And if you're like Steven, I don't think that what I'm selling fits inside of health wealth relationships. How many of you guys feel that right now? Like, I don't know that that fits because I get it. I told it's totally fine. Okay, you guys, okay, see you guys. Okay, that's fine. That's fine. Okay, but you need if the product itself, if the offer itself does not naturally fit in health, wealth or relationships, your sales message must fit in one of those. You do not sell ever multiples. You know, I'm at health and wealth. No, no, no, no, that confuses the customer. Never put an and in that sentence. Whenever there's an and our conversions drop in half, you're either selling health or wealth or relationships through ratchet straps. That makes sense. I don't sell socks. I sell relationships through socks. Okay, the reason we do that is because there's three core desires everybody has. We all want health. We all want wealth. We all want relationships. And when a sales message is pitching one of those three, it is very natural for somebody to pull their wallet out and go sell and go purchase. I mean, okay, whatever, whenever someone had brought up the example of ratchet straps, that's what I'm saying. Okay, so if I'm going to go in, like I could spin, let's say I'm selling socks, I love using socks because they seem like so insignificant, right? Let's say I'm selling socks. Could I sell wealth with socks? You bet I could. Absolutely, absolutely. Okay. And I could say something like, Hey, did you know that this pair of socks, okay, it sounds crazy, but seriously, follow me on this. Okay, we do this stuff all the time. Do you know that this pair of socks, actually Grant Cardone does this, actually Russell does this now too. He's got click funnel socks, selling wealth with socks. You know, this pair of socks will help your blood flow better and you'll be able to think better, which means you can make more money. Who would I sell that to? Someone who is wanting to make money. Okay, sounds crazy. That kind of stuff happens all time. There was a, anyway, we've sold a lot of products that have nothing to do inherently with health, wealth or relationships. Okay, so I want you to understand that Mailchimp sent me socks. Yeah, exactly, Brandy, right? Spot on, right? It's not so much it's about what you're promising. A sales message starts a promise and offer delivers on the promise. Okay, so if you're like, man, health, wealth, relationships, I don't know what it is, your sales message must fit one of those. Okay, so what we're doing here is we are offer hacking, we are creating offers. All today is is hacking offers and you see what Russell's doing in this in this lesson. What he's doing in is let's say, let's say we're selling wealth. Okay, we're selling wealth and there is a market over here that is selling socks. Okay, just to keep it obscure and all over the place, you guys can see that it works for you. Okay, what I'm going to go do is I'm going to see who is selling wealth. I mean through socks. Okay, and the two things I'm looking at is I need to see who is selling. Let me make this a little bit bigger here. I need to see two things. I need to see what they are selling. Okay, and the second thing I need to figure out is how they are selling it. That is the essence of funnel hacking. When I know what offer, okay, what offer are they selling? And number two, what sales message? How are they selling it? That is funnel hacking. It's not necessarily about page copying. They've got a green button on the right. So I will as well. That's not funnel hacking. Funnel hacking is what are they selling? How are they selling it? Okay, so I'm going to go in and I'm going to list out if I'm going to go sit, I've got sweet socks and I want to go sell them to people who have money. I'm going to sell them to the wealth category. I'm going to go see all the people who are doing those monthly socks box things you see in those right where they send you out a new pair of socks every single month. Right, I'm going to go in and I'm going to check it out. Right, how are they selling it? What are they selling that paves the path for what I'm doing? You guys getting that? Okay, so if I'm going it, what's another example? What else are you guys selling? What else are you guys selling? Silicon wedding rings. Cool, I'm wearing one right now. I started where I took off my, I took off my, my actual wedding ring and went into basic training because I don't want to lose it. But when I came back, I was like, ah, man, the, the, the other one, the real ring hurt my fingers. So I wear the silicone one all the time. Okay, but how could I sell, I don't know, right? Relationships. I would probably sell relationships with the silicone ring. Okay, you want better relationships? Oh man. In those moments where you need, you think you need to ring off, still help the other know that you're thinking about them with the silicone ring. They'll take it off when you're in the gym. Don't, you don't take it off when you're rolling around in the mud if you're a basic, right? You know what I mean? Okay, you guys getting that? Okay, so I'm going to go in and I'm going to see what are other people who are successfully selling silicone rings, these things. Okay, how, what are they selling? What's the offer? Maybe they're including a package, which most of them do. Maybe it's multicolored, which most of them do. Oh sweet. Now I have an idea of the offer that has proven to work. How are they selling it? Right? Now there are people selling it on Amazon. There's people selling it, right, in different types of funnels that are already out there. Okay, so I'm going to go in and I'm going to see the what and how and list out a whole bunch. And you're going to do what Russell's showing you in this lesson. And what he's showing you in this lesson is literally take out a piece of paper. Okay, and you're going to go look at all the people who are selling silicone rings or socks or whatever. I don't care what it is, info product, coaching, B2B, retail, doesn't matter what, what they're selling. It's the concept that makes this work so well. And I'm going to list out all the individual products that people are selling with it. Oh, there's looks like they're selling multi colored ones, multiple sizes, looks like they're they're sending out packs of three, five and 10 is the most common ones. Looks like right if it's socks, one pair, five pair, 20 pair, multi color looks like the way they're selling it is a new set a new pair of socks every single month list out how the actual products that each individual business is selling. And then what we do is we go in and we grab our favorite ones. That's all he's teaching you. Okay, oh sweet, I'm going to go grab this one because that one was cool. This one was cool. That one was cool. And you know, so is this one. Now I'm going to come over here and as I create a blue ocean, something that truly has never been done before, I'm doing it with products that are already existing. You see what I'm saying? Okay, if I come over here and I'm now I'm creating this blue ocean over here. Okay, and I'm going to create an offer. Well, I'm going to grab each one of these things that has already been sold and put it in a unique way in unique order that's never been done before. Okay, one of the scariest questions that I hear people ask is, Steven, I created this sick, amazing offer, this incredible product. Who should I sell it to? Oh crap. Okay, how many have felt that before? That's scary stuff, my friends. Okay, well, I've done that too. And that was the scariest thing for me is like, you go create this amazing thing and you come up with it. Uh-oh, you come up with it. Uh-oh, you're not the one buying it. Okay, you come up with it. Then afterwards, you come back and say, Oh, who should I sell it to? No, no, no, no, no, no. The way to do it is to first identify, I want to deliver wealth or health or relationships. Here is a market that is extremely competitive, highly lucrative already, very, very competitive. I want the most competitive scenario I can find. Then I'm going to see what they're selling, all of them, and I'm going to go piecemeal together the things that I think are the best. What's cool about that is that it's already proven. Okay, I'm just going to go make sure that who I'm funnel hacking is already making a lot of money. Take one, two, three, four, five products from things that are already being done inside this hyper red, red, highly competitive ocean. And then I'm going to go create that all together here. Then who do I sell it to? I sell it directly back to the market that I gathered my data from. I sell it back to the directly to the market that I gathered the data from. I don't go over here suddenly to some, well, yeah, I have friends and family over here that said it was a great idea. I have friends and family over here. All right, I have people who've never been in business before that are like, Oh, no, that's scary crap. Don't do that. Don't do that. Okay. What you're doing is you're going into a highly, highly competitive red, red ocean where there's money already, lots of it. You're seeing what they're selling. You're pulling out onesie twosie three. Oh my gosh, that's what I like the best. Why don't I make that an offer and then selling it directly back to the people that you grabbed the data from. Very secure. Very, very secure. How do you know if it's highly lucrative? Very good question, Audrey. One of the ways you can see is if they have, are they running Facebook ads and they've been running them for a while. If they're publishing, like if they have a podcast, YouTube, is there some kind of publication they're doing on? You can go to places like similar web.com. Okay. I go to similar web.com and I can go put in the URL for their website, for their funnel. Right. Like I can put in, I don't know. Actually, let me just show you. Okay. If I go to clickbank.com, I could go to a, I could go to a market that is already existing. Okay. Clickbank is just a big collection of products and funnels. Okay. So if I'm like, Hey, I'm going to go sell something in health and I'm going to come up here like, Oh, sweet. Flatbellyfix.com or yeah. Okay. Well, this looks like it. It'll show you, it'll show you, it'll actually rank for you, which ones are the best. Okay. So I'm like, Hey, anyway, let me go drop that in right there. Flatbellyfix.com and similar web. Similar web is going to give me staff. It's free. I mean, this is the free version of similar web. I can come in here. Writing in all caps does not help me see your thing better. Just telling you guys, so you don't have to say that. What do you do if none of your competitor products are in clickbank? Just Google it. Just Google it. Check it out. What is it? If someone's selling a ratchet set, well, it's likely that someone has gone in and said, Oh, look at that. The market Google has ranked the top research, the top results. Let me just click home depot.com. Sweet. I could take that now and I could go put that. Okay. It doesn't matter. You understand what I'm saying? Just go in. Just go in and all you're doing is you're grabbing, find some data. Feel like similar web doesn't work for me. Then find another way. Okay. Find another way. I'm not selling this or I'm selling this. I'm not selling. There's no way I could go in and show you guys like, Oh, here's how you do it in every single scenario. I just need to understand the process. The process is to go in and find what is already selling. Heaven forbid you do a few Google searches. Go in and just say, Okay. Google.com. Let me go in and say, I don't know. Socks. Monthly Socks Club. Monthly Sock Club. Okay. Here we go. Oh my gosh. Look at all these people running ads. What does it tell you if they're running ads? They're probably making money. And if they're not running, making money, I can find out very, very soon. Okay. So I have sock. Socket to me. Socket to me.com. Let's go over to similar web. Socket to me.com. Okay, check this out. While it gathers data, sweet, they're getting about 90,000 hits per month. That's pretty awesome. And they've been doing that for a last several months. Okay, quite a while. Okay, this data is going all the way back into July. What does that tell me? They're probably a little more secure. Right. If it was just like in the last month, I'm like, Ah, that may not be somebody I want to go funnel hack. Okay. If I come, most of their data is coming from the US. Looks like the majority of their traffic comes from search, which is very interesting, which means they're only competing on SEO. They're just getting ranked in places. Okay. What does that tell you? There might be a little bit of a gap for me to go if I was going to start doing display ads, or they could be saying display ads didn't work. Okay, this is about testing. This is about being a good detective. Okay. So urban tastebud.com. I've never even heard of that, but it looks like that's the top site that is sending traffic to socket to me.com. So I'm going to start checking them out. Okay, what is that urban tastebud.com? Let's go there. I bet there's an ad on there that's driving traffic to socket to me.com. Okay. This is all straight organic guys. I don't know if there is or not, but my guess is it looks like search this website, socket to me. Anyway, so what I do is I would go comb through here and see what they're doing. I could contact these guys and say, Hey, will you drive traffic for me? The point is to go in and just start looking. Okay, start looking. It doesn't matter if you're selling. It doesn't matter if you're selling. You could use click bank. You could use Google. If you're straight offline, then look at magazines. Okay, go to Barnes and Noble, start looking all the magazines that have to do with what you sell inside there. There's going to be ads all over the place. Okay, I know one, Trey Llewellad. I know the one of the things he does. He talked about the 30 days book, one of the things that he does. And he'll go in and he will grab a bunch of magazines. He'll look at the last 12 magazines and see which ads have been repeats, which ads are in different magazines that are the same ad. He'll start like, I'm just telling you to do a little homework. That's all I'm saying. And when you do that, the risk, okay, if you're like, this seems like a lot of work, it is way more risky to just make something and go, who should I sell it to? That's some scary crap. Okay, that's what college taught. That's what mainstream entrepreneurship teaches. That is the 100% no, okay, that is the wrong way to do it. And it is the reason why Russell Brunson stuff sells so well. You have many two comma club awards he has that is not has nothing to do with ClickFunnels. 18. He has 18 two comma club awards. Three of them are two comma club X awards. We're not even talking the ClickFunnels product yet. You want to know how we do it? You know how we did it? You know how he keeps doing it? This do your homework. Okay, this lesson is all about you going in hunting to find out what your market what your red, red, bloody red, red, highly competitive ocean is already selling and how they're selling it. When you do that, take note and you start taking off. Wow, that's how they're selling it. Wow, that's how they've proven to sell it. You know what's not likely? It's highly unlikely that the people who are successfully selling socks. Okay, we're successful the first time they tried. It's not likely. So when I go in and I start looking, okay, when I go and I start looking to see who is successfully selling in here, I am not starting at square one. You are looking at the result when when you're looking at someone successful, you are looking at the result of somebody who has gone through massive trial and error. It's a jumpstart. You know where to start from. Okay, you want to go. Okay, there's things that these people have already tried. Oh, man, I tried this and then this and that didn't work. This and that's the work and I was selling socks monthly and that didn't work. I only know that it works really well in this last final way that I'm selling and right now. Okay, how can I tell that someone is being successful? They're usually running ads. Right, they're usually running ads. Honestly, a lot of times they're publishing or somehow they have some kind of community on the internet. They have a presence. Okay, that's a secure person to start following. Okay, a lot of times too, just to keep on the tray thing. Okay, Trey Llewellyn became Trey Llewellyn because what he would do is he saw people purchasing live on his website and he would see people fill out their credit card, fill out all their information, go to buy and then their mouse would come off the purchase and then he would disappear and he would call them and he was like, dude, what the heck? Why didn't you buy? And the person was like, well, because I liked it so much, I was going to go ask my brother if he wanted some also. And Trey was like, you wanted two? He said, yeah. He goes, all right, cool. And then he started adding the option for, do you want one widget or two? And then he suddenly was like, well, if someone, wow, look at all the people buying two, maybe someone wants three, then he added the option for three, then four, then five, then 10, then 100. Trey Llewellyn became Trey Llewellyn, as we all know him, when he sold so fast that he had troubles fulfilling for a little while, which is an amazing problem to have, pros and cons of that, obviously. You know what I'm saying though? What I'm saying is that those who are funnel hacking, you want high massive competition, that is opposite the most people think about the game, massively insane competition, because I'm going to go collect my data from them. I'm going to see what they're selling. I'm going to see how they're selling it. I'm going to understand and realize that they probably have gone through a bunch of things in the past that did not work. That's my jump zone. That's where I'm starting from. If I don't, I'm likely to go back and do these things in the past that did not work very well. So then I go back and I start working right here from this zone. I now know what they're selling, how they're selling it, and I look at tons of people who are doing it. I'm listing out all the stuff that they've been doing, crafting and pulling out my own stuff. Then I know exactly what to sell. With darn near 100% surety that it's going to be most likely successful out of the gate, far better chances, far better than if I just came up with my own idea. I'm not saying he can't, but if it's not laced in with some of the things that are already being sold successfully, that's some risky stuff guys. You guys getting this? It's all about the what and the how, and it's all about modeling those who are successfully doing the what and the how, because they probably have gone through quite the ring to actually figure that out. Okay? Alrighty, how do we apply this to service oriented business? I'm about to jump out the freaking window. It's the same thing! It doesn't matter! The service is the product! It doesn't matter if it is physical or it is digital! It is the same thing! Do not disqualify yourselves my friends for thinking I'm different! No you're not! Okay? This is the same stuff regardless of what you sell, how you sell it. I just did consulting for a very massive popular dude in Hollywood over the weekend. Same process! Same process! He does not have a physical thing. He barely has a digital thing. It was all service oriented! Same exact process! Okay? Please do not look for ways to exclude yourself from having to do this. I know when someone's doing that, when they look at what I'm teaching and they go, that looks a little hard. Maybe I can logically release myself from the pain of executing that Steven. This may not be for me. Okay? Not yelling at you, just trying to help you understand. I got a jar you and hear me, hear me. It is the same process. Okay? All the funnels I built for Marcus Lamonus, the products we were doing with Robert Kisaki and Tony Robbins. Same process! My friends! Doesn't matter! Physical, digital, info, offline, online, doesn't matter. High ticket, low ticket, front end, free, doesn't matter! Same exact process! This is business design. Okay? This is marketing design. Not, it's not down to the granular product things. Okay? Doesn't matter. You're wild Steven. Yeah, 100% man. Okay? I just want you to understand. I gotta shake that because it is a, it is a, it is a poisonous, very destructive idea that is mainstream inside entrepreneurship. There are models that sell each industry best in the actual funnel, but when it comes to offer hacking, funnel, message creation, it's the same process because you are in line with human psychology. When you get down to the funnel, how it's actually delivered, sure! There's a few things that can be a little different based on industry product price point. Okay? Those things, yes. We're not even talking about that yet though. Okay? Funnel design, funnel building, that is like three weeks from now. It's two or three weeks from now and that, sure, it might get a little bit more different than sometimes. Okay? But this whole thing is all about getting you to be able to launch a low ticket front end offer and it's the same process regardless of what you're doing. This is hardcore legion. You guys get what I'm saying? Does that make any sense? I know I'm a hardcore and a little intense on this stuff, but I just need to understand what this really is. Please do not get distracted by the creation of the product. Okay? Josh, you're gonna set him off again. I'm not trying to go nuts on anybody, but if I don't go and like, I hate the fact, when someone says like, when the student is ready, the teacher appears. Okay, that's true, but the teacher is also responsible for being able to make it at least educational in a way that makes it stick. Okay? My biggest fear is that we throw enough stuff at you that it buries you and you get lost in details. Okay? Stay 30,000 foot view with me on this stuff and then just start executing on each of those things. Okay? No, it's cool. It's cool. No problem. I'm highly, I'm not easy to offend. Anyway, and I'm not yelling at anyone person. I hope you understand that, but if I just, no, it's not that way. It doesn't really fit. If I go, no, that's very different and you're going to remember that and you're going to talk about it, which means it'll stick in your head. Why? Because when you learn for two, right, then you execute on it better. It's the tough love ish. I don't know. Hey, the reason why this works so well, you guys, just a few more points and I'll jump off here and I want you to go execute, execute, execute today's lesson from Russell is a little bit longer. I don't want to stick. I don't want to distract you anymore. I need you to understand this one thing and it sounds like, well, duh, but you got to hear me want to say this, guys, you have got to sell what people are buying. Okay. You're like, Oh, no, I get it, Steven. No, no, no, no, sell what people are buying. Okay. This is, this is a hundred percent different again than everything I was taught. My early mentors, even as amazing as they were, you have got to sell what people are buying. What are they buying? You know what they're buying because we are going in and we are modeling what these guys are doing over here on the side. Okay. We're modeling what people are already buying here. They're already buying this. It's not about being a creative genius and making something that nobody's ever seen before. It's not about that. It's not about that. What it is about is modeling again, what people are already buying, but a display, delivering it in a way that has never been done before. That, that can be new, but you're doing it with products that are already created. The majority of them, like the 80% of this offer over here, this blue ocean is already being delivered. It's, it's the sales message that makes it different. It's the way you're packaging, excuse me, the offer that makes it different. Okay. Anyway, all of this is making sense to you. When we approach it in this direction, rather than you need to be an inventor, you need to be a creative genius, my friend, in order to actually really be a big funnel builder. That's garbage. It's not true. It's a total crap. Okay. Not true at all. Okay. Alrighty. Hey, there's a few things I wanted to jump into. I don't want to, I don't want to distract you guys from this today. Any final questions or anything like that? Hopefully you guys are ready to rock. Yeah. What's going to end up happening here is, Julie is going to start showing you little screen walkthroughs of how to set some stuff easily inside of ClickFunnels. Today, she's going to show you how to go find out if the people you're trying to funnel hack are driving ads. What ads they're driving, how much money they might be spending, right? The effectiveness of that. She's going to show you a lot of really cool granular stuff as well. Anyways, guys, ready to rock guys? I will see you guys tomorrow. Tomorrow's lesson. We are going to go in. We're going to talk about, maybe I'm not supposed to say it. So anyways, just do today's thing and we'll see you guys tomorrow. All right, guys. Bye.