It's just that it gets written for you by others. And once it gets in place with a constituency, with a market, by the way, it's very hard to change. So you really want to give a lot of thought to what your shortlist ought to be. If we were taking the time to do workshop stuff today, I would put you all around tables and for the next 15 minutes we'd sit there and write our shortlist and then we'd all compare our shortlist and stuff for the sake of time. I've chosen not to do that. But you ought to go home and do it. You ought to help get somebody to help you, help each other do it. You ought to give some very serious thought to it. And then what you will find is there are ways that you get to strategically use the reputation you've designed. And so, by the way, part of designing it is deciding how you're going to strategically use it. Give you a couple of examples which are on your next page. So I have very carefully cultivated a reputation of not being a warm and fuzzy fellow. It is very deliberate on my part. That doesn't mean I'm hiding a warm and fuzzy fellow deep inside. That's not at all what I am telling you. But I have very carefully cultivated the reputation of not being this. There's a number of reasons for it. One, there are certain kinds of things that people are prone not to discuss with me, not to tell me because of that reputation. It's things I don't particularly like talking about or dealing with, but without that reputation they would be telling me about them. The evidence is when Carl and I were divorced, shortly after the divorce, people started to talk to me about things they never talked to me about before. That changed the reputation and gave them permission to now talk to me about their marital problems. Well, I don't want to talk about their marital problems. I claim zero expertise in this category. It's actually a name to have the conversation. I am not the person to go get this advice from. I don't know who that person is, but I'm not it. But it sparked an enormous amount of these conversations that had never happened before. And it's gradually all stopped and it doesn't happen now. Well, I did that on purpose. I didn't want to have those kind of conversations. By not having the warm and fuzzy reputation, I get currency out of rather ordinary and mundane acts that otherwise you wouldn't. I'll just say very quickly, I'm not suggesting that you go out of here and adopt my shortlist. I am suggesting you've got to decide on a shortlist for yourself, but I'm using some of my choices and decisions as an example. There has to be content match, too. It would be harder to take this position if I was doing a lot of personal growth stuff rather than what I do for a living. For example, because I'm not a warm and fuzzy person and have a reputation of not being a warm and fuzzy person and being all business and all bottom line and all hard nosed and all tough and all that, a simple handwritten note from me acknowledging that their kid got accepted into college or their dog passed away or their whatever has far more impact than the same note from someone with a reputation of being a warm, fuzzy, involved in personal lives person. So the strategic use of my reputation lets me take ordinary and mundane acts and give them enormous significance in the relationship between me and my client. So I have a client, for example. This is a client off and on over the years who at times has given me a great deal of money and then periods of time have gone by where they have given me no money. This client was diagnosed last year with throat cancer, some kind of throat cancer. Our relationship is not frequent enough that I even knew. So I heard several months after the fact through a third party. So at Christmas, we sent Christmas cards out, I jotted a handwritten note and it took the time to write a couple paragraphs and sent it to them. Now I didn't do it to be manipulative or strategic at this particular point in time. As I say, I don't need to do that anymore actually and I don't really want any more business from them and I got all the business out. That was the furthest thing from my mind. However, because it is so out of character with my reputation and with that relationship, I got the long-winded five-page emotional letter back but then like two weeks later, their company is calling and suddenly trying to give me large sums of money to come and do things which hasn't happened in almost three years.