Now that's really important, especially for someone who does not yet have a reputation in the market in which they are pursuing and wishes to create it. And aura borrowed is nearly as good as an aura owned. K-Fed is actually able to earn money, a remarkable tribute to one thing and one thing only, being seen with and briefly married to Britney Spears. And he is actually able to make money with no talent, no ability, no brains. I mean, it's remarkable, isn't it? There's a comedian, first name is Tom, I forget his last name, up in years. Made a very good living for many, many years and stored his money so he's very wealthy. Some of you would know him if I could think of his name. Thank you. Yeah, what's his last name? Dresen. Tom Dresen. And no disrespect, but he's a journeyman comedian. I mean, his stand-up comedians go, if we had a scale of one to ten, we'd probably make him a five. But Dresen's career was totally based on the fact that Frank Sinatra let him open for him. Stephen Edie Gourmet, their career was built on Frank Sinatra. I'm not sure they could have built a career just on Stephen Edie Gourmet. But by borrowing an aura, they were able to build a very sustainable career. So who you are seen with, who you are associated with, who you co-author an article with, who you interview for an article, who you interview on a tape, who you hang out with, who you reference in your language and in your stories, who you tell stories about as if you knew them. So all of that adds to your reputation. Longtime Client of Mine owns a business talk radio station. Actually owns two of them now. And he has a show of his own which really is designed to promote his financial, his investment management firm. But one of the things that he was very good at from the beginning, when all he had was a tiny little show on in San Antonio. He only had a few million dollars under management. And he now has hundreds of millions of dollars under management. He was very good at conning people like Henry Kissinger and Alan Greenspan and John Travolta and the list is long to be interviewed on his radio show, which was a bought and paid for fake radio show on a dink ass station in San Antonio. And purely because they never ask and he had the Cajones to chase him, he got Alan Greenspan for example, who almost never gives interviews to anybody to be interviewed on his show 8, 10, 12 times. And Henry Kissinger to be interviewed on the show and on and on and on and on and on. It's intelligently mixed financial people of stature and credibility with celebrities of no stature or credibility other than that they are celebrities. And so he surrounded himself and associated himself with these people. I'm always amused and I have some clients who I've gotten on a show. I'm always amused when people then go on the show and now they like will list it in their promotional material that they were on so and so show, right, on such and such a station, which means nothing, nothing anybody. Because even though it's now a bigger show and it's a real show and it's in Houston, unless you're in Houston, nobody knows who the hell he is. You don't make any difference. But you could say appeared on the Daniel Frischberg show with such people as Alan Greenspan, Henry Kissinger. Now the implication is you're all on the show at the same time together. But what people want to draw from that is up to them. Just like in a speaking business we use the language shared the platform with and then it's along with the people. Well that like implies we were all out there on a platform together. No, it might have been three days apart, but they were on the same platform I was. We were on the same event. It doesn't mean we don't know each other. We didn't talk to each other. We weren't in the same room at the same time. But you get to use their names.