Well, that might serve you well early. Can you sustain it over a period of time? Not if you're successful, because eventually there's more people calling you than you can call back. So now what happens? Now everybody's pissed off and aggravated. So you've got to be able to live with it and it can't set up impossible standards. You should develop one that facilitates influence, power and control. So for example, a reputation of somebody who is very relaxed, casual, tolerant, whatever happens is not particularly useful in running coaching groups. Because you will eventually have trouble keeping the children from hitting each other with the blocks. A reputation of someone who can occasionally fly off the handle and visibly be seen doing it, that's actually a little more useful. Because now there's a little bit of, we really don't want to set him off going on. That will be magnetic to your constituency of choice. Gene Simmons has a reputation. George Will has a reputation. Neither would be particularly magnetic to the other's constituency. So you have to think about who is your market? What kind of person do they admire? Do they envy? Do they want to be around? Do they wish they were? Preferably something that has evergreen appeal. You know, not something that's going to be here today, gone tomorrow, that's really trendy, that's really short term. This is pretty important. Something that at its sum total is easy for people to grasp and remember. They need to be able to give an elevator speech for you. They need to be able to explain who you are and what you are to themselves and to others. Like short, not long. And that is difficult to undermine or attack. Ralph Nader is a populist. Pretty consistent. He's kept it consistent over the years. It's difficult to undermine and attack when he campaigns. He still stays in people's houses instead of hotels to save money. John Edwards has decided to run as a populist. Lots of luck. I could just build a 22,000 square foot house and clear cut the entire property in order to do it. It's going to be very hard for John Edwards to be the champion of the little minimum wage worker guy. That's not going to be easy to sustain. And it's going to be very, very easy to go at. All you have to do is show the pictures of the 22,000 square foot house. Very easy to attack. So you've got to take care about this. You've got to give a lot of conscious thought to it. You've got to think it through. You've got to arrive at decisions about what it's going to be and how you're going to use it. And then you've got to strive for constant congruency in a lot of different categories. What do you want? A break? Oh, I know. I'm getting there. I'm getting there. I was just trying to find a logical place. And what's your problem? You could go in and out the door anytime you want to. Yeah, I mean, gee whiz. I mean, I didn't see him, you know. You can tell by the looks on their face when you've pressed them a little too far. So this is a real important piece of your puzzle. And it shouldn't be accident, shouldn't be happenstance, shouldn't be random. Should be very, very carefully thought through. Purposeful, strategic. You need the short list as a reference point to make all of your other decisions. What am I going to say? What am I going to write? Who am I going to hang out with? Where am I going to go? What am I going to wear? What charity am I going to support? On and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on. When people ask you what books you're reading, your answer needs to be congruent with your reputation. It doesn't matter what you're reading, by the way. But the answer has got to be congruent with your reputation. If you rattle off a bunch of books that are completely incongruent with the reputation that you're trying to sustain, you mess people up. And you undermine what it is that you're trying to do. So this picture you build over here, this short list you build over here, has to be a constantly used reference tool to govern every other decision you make about your business.