There's another commonality there to be found in those companies that led to them all going broke that would be equally useful to know, if not more useful to know, than the commonality that they were all briefly excellent. But my point is, getting your company written about in that book for a period of time, it drove your stock price up, it caused people to want to come and do business with you, do joint ventures with you, buy you, merge with you, acquire you, be acquired by you, etc., etc., etc., because they read about you in In Search of Excellence. And in In Search of Excellence, books said you were an excellent company, so you must be an excellent company. Why? Because that's what I read about you. Well, first of all, a third of the companies were, of course, clients of the consulting company that Peters worked for, so there's sort of a mixed agenda of deciding that they're the most excellent. I mean, but they read it, it must be true. And so what they read about you controls reputation. Now here's what's really useful to know about that. There's not a great deal of distinction between what they read about you in real media and what they read about you in false media. Most don't make the distinction. There was a thing on 2020 last night, the pharmaceutical companies, it's actually kind of comical, the pharmaceutical companies are literally stealing all of the strategies and ideas that we've used in the illegitimate alternative health business for years that we go to jail for. The FTC doesn't bother them because they're pharmaceutical companies, so they're stealing everything we always did and doing it. And so they showed last night, it's really pretty funny. There's whatever pharmaceutical company it is, they got a new prescription drug to keep you awake because people fall asleep. So they got this pill. By the way, all the research on it actually shows that it does less. In shift workers versus the placebo, it kept them awake 1.74 minutes longer. A cup of coffee bought 3.6 minutes. But we're going to put everybody on the drug. God bless that industry. But here's the promotion piece that they've got for the drug. They've got a fake American Medical Association Journal of Clinical Psychiatry and it looks just like the real thing. Full of articles written by doctors that look just like real peer reviewed articles. But of course all the doctors are on the payroll one way or another of the pharmaceutical company. There is no peer review, so the articles are really written by copywriters like me and the whole thing is being sent out to the doctors and they can't tell it apart from their regular Journal of Clinical Something or Other. Now we do this by the way, we all go to jail in the alternative health business. But in the real health business apparently now it's okay. And it worked like gangbusters. So all sorts of people, its intent was to get them to prescribe the drug for off-label purposes. It's supposed to be prescribed to like airline pilots and truck drivers and people who need to stay awake. Now it's being prescribed as anti-depressant because this fake journal that went out to all these doctors has told them what they're not allowed to tell them on the label and the fake media is everybody's good as the good media. Very important for you to get it. What they read about you is extremely powerful but what they read about you in the Wall Street Journal is only a little bit more powerful than what they read about you in the Excellence Street Journal that looks like the Wall Street Journal but exists only because we made it up. What legends they hear repeated about you. It's really important to like create, tell and retell and tell a lot a handful of defining stories about yourself that are likely to be retold because when they are retold and retold and retold they take root. Better that they are true by the way or embellished from a place of truth. But it's a practical matter. It wouldn't matter. Fifth, who you are associated with and who they associate you with in their minds.