Now, any number of people they deal with who have a different reputation could send him exactly the same note and not have the same significance and not have the same result. So there are strategic uses for the things that you have in your reputation because I very carefully limit endorsements and I'm kind of stingy with them and kind of picky about what I endorse. I get a lot of currency, for example, out of agreeing to write a blurb for somebody's book. Somebody who gives out blurbs for book covers like giving out M&Ms on Halloween, who shall not be mentioned in this room, but you know there are famous people who have a blurb on every book that was published last year and the book could be pure crap and they've written a blurb for it. Well, not only don't they understand, they're getting some free promotion, yes, but they're actually damaging their reputation with the general public, but beyond that they have no power now out of giving the blurb to certain people because everybody knows they give blurbs to everybody. So getting one from them is no big thing. I don't feel any sense of obligation when I get a blurb from that guy. I don't feel any need to be reciprocal when I get a blurb from that guy. It's like, so what? But there are certain people, you get a blurb from them, you feel like, oh man, I really owe the guy. I really, what can I do for you? So your reputation as you build it and reinforce it gives you currency, gives you the ability to have impact or not have impact with certain things that you do. For many years, Bill is much more generous than I about this. For many years, you old timers will know at my events, there weren't very many amenities. Like I wasn't big on feeding people, you know. Now, Bill is much more generous about this, but also those of you that put on meetings know hotel contracts have changed over the years. And so it's relatively hard to get meeting space without committing to a certain amount of food service. So he's more generous than I, but some of the generosity is forcibly imposed. I didn't have to. But because I never did, every so often, I would, for example, spring the, okay, I've decided to buy lunch for everybody today, and we're all going to stay in the room, and I'm going to do an extra Q&A session on everybody. And I typically would do that immediately before a session where I or somebody else was going to ask everybody for money. Well, buying lunch form, if you always buy lunch form, and you're expected to buy lunch form, well, it doesn't get you anything. Buy a lunch form when you never buy lunch form, that gets you a lot. It's the same lunch. The only difference is the reputation of the person buying the lunch, right? That's the only difference. So there's strategic uses for everything you put into your reputation. There's also the issue of forgiveness or condemnation. So just as the same act for two different people can have two profoundly different kinds of significance depending upon their reputations, the same act by two different people can be easily forgiven or jumped upon and turned into a big evil thing totally depending upon the reputation of the person. The personal growth and religious leaders share the worst position in this in terms of bad behavior in general, because they lecture to everybody about good behavior all the time, then when they engage in bad behavior, they're like burned at the stake for it. Right? If you don't lecture about good behavior to people and in fact kind of have a reputation for some bad behavior, then the exact same act of bad behavior is water off a duck's back. Your constituency pretty much ignores it. So depending upon your reputation, certain acts of behavior will have one kind of impact or another kind of impact. It's real important not to commit yourself to a reputation that is so in conflict with behavior of yours that is likely to be observed, seen, known about or become public that you are going to be severely condemned for it. A little checklist for you on the next page. Take care to build one of these things that number one, you can live with and live in for a distance. Simple example, bad idea to have done this thing if I wasn't planning on keeping it, because I can't make it go away now until I quit. Too many photographs, too many videos, too many promotional pieces, too many bobble heads, too many, it literally is part of the reputation. I'm known for it. So if I didn't really like it, growing the thing wasn't such a smart idea. Same thing with bigger issues. You got to build one that you can live with for a long period of time, but and it gives you a little bit of wiggle room and that does not set impossible standards that you can't stick to. So for example, if you have a reputation for boy, he's the guy who calls everybody back like within 30 minutes.