So why in all the years have I never been challenged about educational qualifications for the most part because the assumption is made. Well you couldn't even be doing what you're doing without having them so why ask about them? Vocabulary, the language, the way you carry yourself. So part of what they believe they know about you is purely based on their assumptions that they make about you. Everybody who has a published book immediately gets assumptive credit for being smart and being an expert on the subject. I know lots of authors including myself and neither of those things is necessarily true. Just because they got a book published with their name on it which they may or may not have written certainly doesn't guarantee any superior level of intelligence or any level of expertise on the topic. It actually requires now for about 15,000 bucks you can get a really good mid-range ghost writer who in about two weeks can put together a perfectly respectable book on just about any topic that can be researched on which you can slap your name. So all it really means is you were able to write a $15,000 check. That's what it really means. It could mean nothing more than that. Years ago our friends at NSA, they don't do it anymore. They used to have an annual brochure contest. Now the stupidity of this to me was obvious and immediate. That would be relevant like if it was the National Graphic Artists Association maybe or the National Brochure Makers Association but the National Speakers Association is having a best brochure contest. So we took great trouble one year to make sure that Lee won. So did you first or second or third what would you get? First. Yes. So she got best brochure and she had the good sense and the lack of discretion to make the very comical statement that all it really proves is I give good brochure and that's all it really proves. But there's an assumption made, a ringer story and winning through intimidation is a useful story about all of that. So what else built your reputation? What they are told about you by others. So if you can engineer stories being told about you from person to person to person to person that creates reputation. In fact it says you have to attempt to govern the stories that are told about you from person to person to person to person because those stories will control your reputation. Nobody will question the stories, nobody will go investigate the stories. You never need to worry about that. The corollary is in hiring obviously one of the first things you should do when you hire anybody is check references. Everybody gets references. You know what the national statistic is? How many people hiring people ever check a reference? 4%. 96% never make a call. They assume well if they listed them on the application as references they're only good to say good things about them so why bother calling them? Terrible assumption. I've called and had them say all sorts of bad things about the person. What they read or hear about you. Real important. So if you can get an article written about you, when Tom Peters wrote the book in search of excellence he profiled some I don't know 30 companies in search of excellence. What's the biggest commonality about the excellent companies that were profiled in search of excellence? Yeah bankrupt that's right they're all broke. They all are broke. They may have been excellent for a while but then they were gone. Arguably they might have been putting too much emphasis on one thing. Excellence. But well no I'm deadly serious by the way. Well think about it there's something wrong there.