I'd like to get feedback and play with what I've done so far. Is that okay? Great. Whenever you're ready. Alright, let's do it. Okay. Was that helpful to go through that? Yeah. Okay, thank you. Okay, so this is going to take a little while. Yeah. Half hour anyway. Alright, well I want to take notes. No, no, here. This is my chance to, huh? You got to be, no, he's got to be here. Take this, have a seat. This is fun. I don't think it's going to be, at least I think it's going to be fun. I don't know how you did this, but could you get one more of these? Or have some of it? Yeah. You're serious? I don't think he's done enough this weekend really, so I'm sending him for furniture. Okay, I'll stand. It's easier for me to coach when I'm sitting down, but I'm going to stand to begin with. You sit. You sit. Yeah, because you're, consider this the hot seat. Okay. So, okay. So let me, let me begin with some caveats. First of all, as you know from yesterday and what I said, I'm not an internet marketer. I'm a movie guy. So all I'm going to attack here is to, as much as I can, I'm talking about the story as a story. Yeah. Although the story does have a purpose of we're going to get into that. And the way I work when I coach is I'm going to start by asking questions because I need to get at sort of what the writer, the creator of the story is going for before I, or else I'm just going to say, well, you should do this, you should do this. And then it's my goal or my vision. And I want to know what his vision is for the story. Another thing is I should alert you generally speaking when I'm coaching someone for the first time on their story, what I don't usually start this way, but I am in this case because you're sort of watching me do this, is it's not usually a matter of fixing a story. To fix a story usually means you're just moving chess pieces around on the board, but it's not getting to the core issue. What I really want to do is we're going to rebuild this story from the ground up. But the hard thing about that is going to seem like I'm ripping your story all the shit. And it's not. You've got to trust that we're going to pull back a lot of the elements of the story. So what I usually say to the creator is take all of the things about this story, put them in a basket and set it off in the corner. And nothing is sacrosanct. We'll go get it, but you can't say, well, I love this and so let's just move this here and move this there. And I do that because a lot of times when you're doing your own story, that's in the initial stages that isn't as helpful. Later on when you're just editing and fine tuning, you can do that. So the first question I want to ask, and some of these questions are just going to be to clarify some things that I didn't quite pick up the first time and some are more about the deeper issues. But the first question is, what is it exactly you want to do with this story? Is this a story to persuade somebody to do something? Or is it just a story to give them an emotional experience before you get into something that is persuasive or instructional? Or is it a story to teach them how to do something? Or is it some other reason? So in my mind, what the story is for is to share my experience of what being a marketer online is like from a real sense so they can get it, but bring them to a point where they receive the most valuable lesson that I learn in the same way that I do. So I want, as I go through everything for them to kind of get that, oh, that was, yeah, I get that, I could do that, I feel good about that. So I am trying to teach them, but at this point I want them to really see the realization that I had and see that that. But what is it you are trying to teach them to do? If it is an instructional story, what is it you are teaching them to do? What is it you want them to know how to do at the end or want them to do at the end that they already don't know how to do or that they aren't doing? Simple. I want to teach them how to create a stable business. Create a stable business. And who is your audience for this story? People who have no experience with internet marketing or people who are brand new beginners? So these are people who don't know, these are people like me who don't know much of anything about internet marketing. Not that beginner, but let's say that they, not as stupid as you are, but stupid. They have tried a few things enough to know that it is harder than I think. Would it be easy to believe your premise that you are going for it? Completely believe your premise that you have laid out is what you are going for? Yeah, but yeah, I guess it is a different way of saying it. Okay, well hang on, hang on. No hints yet. We will open it up in a bit. Okay, so you want people, so I am still not quite clear. So the people who you are talking to have tried things and they haven't worked very well, so now you are trying to show them there is a better way to do what they have already been doing. They are searching for how to create a better life for themselves, leveraging the internet. And the purpose of the story is to share with them that this perspective is the path to that. Okay, so it is not that you are trying to teach them how to turn their business into, what did you say? You are not showing them how you did this, just taking them to that realization. Okay, also I have to do a lot of thinking when I am coaching. So sometimes it is still fuzzy to me. There is something I am not quite getting about this. So I am working, I have been trying internet marketing. And you want me to get me to a point where if I would realize that what I haven't been doing and should be doing is becoming a source of traffic, that would be what would really help me cross over. Exactly, yep, yep, yep. Okay, so my belief is this, that the magic of story, one of the magics of stories is, when you hear a story, it gives you the exact emotional experience of doing something you haven't done in real life. So you want to give people the emotional experience of what you went through. Because that way, it is like why we go to the movies. We go to the movies so we can, for instance, get scared shitless and have that experience without having to do that in real life. Or we can fall in love again and again and again. So I think that one of the things you are dealing with here is you have too many objectives for this story. If this is where you are trying to get people, then I think what you want to do is you want to give them the emotional experience of actually doing this thing. And so I think you are trying to accomplish two separate goals. It is like one thing, it is like your story starts out trying to give people the emotional experience of finding internet marketing as a source of revenue and a half of your life. And the other thing is trying to tell them, if you are struggling in internet marketing, this is the source of success and a half of your life. And so I think you need to, I think you are telling two stories. And you need to separate it out and tell one story. So let's, and since this is what you said the story that you wanted to focus, we could pick either one of those, but let's go with this. Okay, absolutely. Okay, so next question would be in telling your own story like this. At the end, when you successfully did this thing, okay, I know what, let's say we know what you did visibly. What did you have the courage to do at the end of this story that you didn't have the courage to do at the beginning? Now, I'm sorry, back up. The beginning being, you are working in internet marketing, not the beginning being you are working taking a shower and going to a bad job. What did you have the courage to do at the end? You didn't have the courage to do at the beginning? If there wasn't. No, no, there, there. At the end of the journey, let's see what the most concise way to say this. We can come back to that one if it's. No, I think at the beginning of the journey, when I was in online marketing, I was very focused on, certain income objectives, right? I need to do X or Y, and this is my mindset, because I think I believe that only if I worked in that way would I have a thriving business. At the end of this journey, right now, I don't give a shit. Right now, I do what I like to do and whatever makes me the happiest. And from that, I think my business has grown. So I have the courage to not do things because I think they're exactly what someone says you should do to grow a business. I do things more so because they're the things that I want to do and they're the things that give me the most joy. Okay. And is that something, and anybody in the group can answer this, is that something a lot of people sort of fall victim to or a trap they fall into? In other words, for many of you, is there a point where you say, hold it, I'm tired of just doing in lockstep what everybody said and struggling. I've got to finally decide to define my own avenue here and sort of break out or find, is that, and say no or yes. It is, but I don't know if it's a message that you want them to take when you, the next thing is you're giving them the colleagues that they want them to take. Yeah. It's too big a bridge. Okay, but let's not worry about that. Let's not get ahead of it. I'm just asking questions right now. Yeah. I'm just saying, is that a typical thing? Totally something that resonates with everybody in the market. They start off with this idea of making this amount of money and then they become disillusioned by how people feel that it is. I feel like they're doing what everybody else is doing, what they really want to do, what it got into, is to do what they want to do. Not follow, they've traded their boss at their job, their boss is to do. Is that, is that, was that true for you? That, that it started out, you started out wanting to get out of this whole thing and you found yourself pretty soon. You were just your own boss or you're ordering yourself around to do this, this and this for money when that was the whole reason you got out of it? Yeah, in a sense, yeah. Yeah, I would say that's true. Okay. I don't want to, I'm not trying to put out, you know, if it's not, no, no is okay too. You end up with a lot of responsibility and a lot of stress in a sense that you didn't necessarily sign up for trying to create something. And that, yeah, so does this make sense? Yeah, okay, got it. I think so. I mean, yeah. Okay, okay. It's always not the same thing, like some people, it's a different journey to that or whatever, the lessons aren't the same for everyone. Some people it's just a certain level of success. They say, okay, do what I want now. I'm good. You know what I mean? Like, I think that's as generic as we're saying, it's not everyone. Okay. Those realizations to get to that point. Okay, but we're just now looking at it as a story. Yeah. And so all I really care about is the hero of this story. When it comes to universality, we'll get to that in a bit. Okay, so in the story itself, what do you see, you're the hero of the story, because this is autobiographical, what do you see as the outer motivation for this character in this story? To create a predictable, stable, million-dollar-plus business. Hang on. A predictable, stable, thank you. A predictable, stable, million-dollar-plus business. Okay. Yeah. That isn't very specific to me. You mean like, I am going to get $5,000 so I can send someone to X? Yeah. What did you want? You'd already started working the Internet. You had some picture of, let me put it a different way. I get, that's true. You wanted to create a stable business. But what did that look like to you? What would you know on what day would you be able to say, I did it? When what happened? What were the golf benchmarks? No, no, hang on. I just want to know the end point. Yeah. The end point was literally, in my mind, when I could look at my bank statement, not bank statement, but just merchant statement, so gross at that point, and say, man, look at that. We just did a million dollars. Is that it? A million dollars? Is that what you had in mind? I want to know the exact figure. So the exact number is? I want to know, because here's the thing, both in terms of story, this is, I'm sorry, I'm sort of both coaching you and using you and so on. So I appreciate, it takes a lot of courage to do what Dagen's doing here. This is one of the big things about story. It's the more specific you can be about that end point, the stronger the story's going to be. I also think, hang on, I'll open it up in a little while, but let me just keep going. But I also think that personally, when you're coaching somebody or trying to do that, this is a fuzziness that would really help if you could clear it up, get people to say, this is where exactly I want to go. Because here, when we go to movies, this may be hard to understand, when we go to movies, one of the first things we want to know is when's this movie going to be over? It sounds weird, but that's it. We're waiting and waiting to hear say, what's the finish line? What are we headed towards? I describe it like the difference between getting in the car and saying, I'm going to drive around the mid-Atlantic states, where will I be tomorrow? Who knows? And I want to drive from here to Hollywood. And then you've got, oh, okay, I get that story. So even if you have to make something up, so is it? At one point you had an end point and you mentioned the figure $100,000, and you say, I thought someday I'd be able to make $100,000. But that was the closest I heard to sort of a real concrete end point. Yeah, I thought the idea of making, I'd say $3,000 a day. Like looking at, at the end of the day, my email settlement statement, $3,000 a day. Okay, now if your goal is $30,000 a day, then... Not 30, at that point. Oh, well, three. Okay. Okay, $3,000 a day. Well, that's still, that's a million a year, isn't it? At least. Yeah, that's a million a year. So if, if the goal, now in terms of a story to the audience I think you're going for, if you have to begin the story at a point when that kind of goal is going to be relatable, I think, to your audience, that's a big number for most people in the world, is to make a million dollars in one year. You have to be pretty, in pretty good shape when that starts, I think. Because to be a guy who's, who starts out hoping for just, if I could maybe make $100,000 in one year, and now my goal is to make a million, that's kind of monumental. It doesn't have to be a monetary amount for these stories. It could be something else. Like it could be, if I could just buy my own house, or something like that. It's okay, we can stick with the million dollars, but the point at which you had that goal, I think you were pretty well into this, into this process. So just, let's, let's keep that and see if it works. But you see what I'm getting at? I mean, it's, it's like, you, if the audience is beginners and you want them to relate to you, and you start the story out, I wanted a million dollars in a year, I don't know if they say, well, God, that, that guy was already way beyond what has anything to do with me. If you're talking to people who are already working in internet marketing and those figures are not landish. They're not. Okay, good. But that's why I said who's the story for, because originally you said beginners. Okay, so let's say that's it. And so what, so what your goal was is to make a million dollars in one year, or 3,000, I like that, $3,000 a day. And I could see that I was making $3,000 a day. That would be it. That would be the pinnacle. Okay, so now we have to figure out what are the stages to getting to that. Now, in hearing the story, what it felt, this, it felt to me like the story was a really, really long Act One. I kept wondering when does this story sort of kick in, because I didn't know what that goal was. And I think that you said at the end here, you try and give this story to be about the same length as a movie. Is there a reason that you picked that as a magic amount of time? Sorry, I didn't mean to stand up. No, no, the reason then, I think that like if they, if it is the same length, then they have that amount of attention span. You know what I mean? Okay, because I don't know that this story needs to be more than a half hour. Okay. But so, so let's, let's sort of talk about that. I think the audience likes that too, right? I'm sorry, what? I think the audience here would like that too. Well, it isn't, yeah. I mean, the listening to the story to me, the audience was into it. I mean, you had the energy, the audience, everybody was attentive and you were into it. It felt like, it felt like I was watching a TV series more than a movie. In other words, it was very episodic. It was like, there was the episode where you were getting in the shower and the episode where you started, there was the guy with the medicine bag. I didn't quite get that part if he was, if he was selling concrete things or he was, that was before you went into the internet market. That was when I was starting out and I saw how to job. Okay. Yeah. So I think that what we got to do is we got to build the story around this goal. Okay. But if the goal is to make $3,000 a day by doing this, is that the idea? It has to be. If this is what you're trying to show that people can do, then this is the way you want the people to be able to achieve that goal, I would think. Because otherwise, hang on, I'll open up the questions, just hang on. Because I've got to keep talking to him right now. Okay. So if you're trying to say this is what you need to understand to achieve success, then I think the story needs to be about how you did this to achieve that success. And so you have to take us through the journey of doing this, I would think. Does that make sense? Of this or of the $3,000 a day? No, no. The $3,000 a day is the end point. Okay. But you're also trying to persuade people that if you could learn to do this, then you would be successful. So wouldn't it make sense that the way you achieve your goal is to do this? Yeah. That's what the story's selling part. That's what it would have done during this part to kind of take the next half of it. Evolution of this for me is like, I think in episodes because these would be like emails, and the emails would lead up to an event. Okay. But again, all I'm doing, let's just see if we can build the story around this and create a series of emails for that. Okay. Unless, now we can open up, am I completely off base? If you were to this story. Realization. This is the realization though. This is until they realize this, this is the answer to why they've been frustrated. Yeah. Because they haven't thought of this. They don't get it. They don't get that. But here's the problem with that. To me as a storyteller, and that is if it takes a whole movie to realize something that's going to make the person rich, but you don't get to hear how it makes the person rich. It's like, you know, it's like, you spend, how would I say this? It's a horrible movie. Yeah. I'm trying to think of it, let's see. It's like, if you're watching Avatar, and you had two full acts of him just hanging out with the Navi people, and you had two full acts of him just hanging out with the Navi people. And then at the end of act two, he said, gee, I know what I should do. Or no, he's just hanging around on, it's not even hanging on the Navi, he's just hanging around on Pandora. And then he says, oh wait, I know what would be successful. Let me go join the Navi people and protect them from the mercenaries. That's what would be successful. You've like, the whole first two acts has become act one. Do you understand what I'm saying? Yeah. Okay. I think I'm, I could see, I think this is creating, I'm needing to create a kind of a paradigm shift for you here. But ride with me and let's see if we can make it work. No, we can't. Okay. I'm flying out in. I think the courage point is, so all this time before this is for entrepreneurs' journey, going from sporadic to stability. So all of this time before he had that turning point, he was in the belief system of, it's not about the $3,000 today. It was in the belief system of, I gotta have my next traffic strategy, have my million dollar one. What's the next product? What's the next this? What's the next that? What's the next thing that's gonna bring me that new level of success? That's it. Right? And every entrepreneur can identify with what's next. Versus after that courage point is, okay, screw all of that what's next stuff. And what's maybe the next key strategy that's gonna get me there. And it's a new belief system that he gained. And the new belief system is pursuing stability, which as an entrepreneur, you don't want to admit. It takes a lot of courage to admit that you want certainty and you want stability because that's the job mentality that you had left. And I think that that, though, the when your business becomes a source of traffic turns into a never ending cash machine. That's a pursuit of stability versus this is how you do $3,000 a day. This is how you do your million dollar launch. Whatever it is that that was the belief system before with an internet marketing. I agree. I think it's more of a love story to me. It's him looking for the right lover, the faithful lover. And he's going through these different businesses and saying, this is not a faithful lover. This is not a faithful lover. And it's his story of finding the faithful lover that's gonna stay with him for the rest of time. To be that marriage to that business. It's gonna be with him. Okay, but I like that you guys are saying it's me. But I honestly, it's that way because I know that's what my customers want. You know what I mean? It's the same for us. It might be like this. Okay, but here's the thing. What's your favorite movie love story? I don't know. I don't think much love story. Yeah, somebody used the term. Pick any love story. Not Harry Metzeli. Okay, any love, Harry Metzeli. Anyone but sleep. Okay, what is it? Titanic. Titanic. Okay, when does she meet Jack? When does she meet the love of her life? The years are beginning at 20%. Yeah, it's gonna always be between the opportunity and the change of plans. Almost without exception. Okay, here's my point. If you're writing a love story, it's a story about a hero who meets the love of his life before he begins his journey. You're having him meet the love of his life in Act 3. That isn't gonna work as a love story. And it's as far as the... Okay. This is great. See, this is what happens when you bring a holler guy in. We had everybody yesterday. I should have just flown out. Now I'm just losing. Okay, let's hang in there with this. Because I think you could make this a terrific story if you stay with this. Yeah. I have one question. Prior to trying to change the story, isn't the results speak for themselves in fact that it generated $150,000 and had not been set in applications? I don't know that I would suggest it changes anything. Just continuing to do what he's doing because the results are so powerful. And the actual... And what this whole thing, the invisible funnel is actually designed to do is get these spectacular results. So why try to fix something that's not broken? Because... You have to ask him. Because I have... He's the one who asked for my help. Yeah. Because I have a Hollywood screenwriter and I want to see if I can get it better. You know what I mean? This is a rare opportunity. Yeah. But that's a very good point. If it's already working. I mean, as I said, I'm just looking at it as a story. But in listening to the story from the outside or whatever way you want to say, I thought the story went on a long, long time and I kept waiting for it to get to the point. We could check it out if you want to... I love that feedback. So I don't know. I mean, at the very least, because I've heard it is you guys are into split testing, right? We're gonna do a new story and try them both and see which works better and then we'll see. Maybe he's right and go back to this and there you go. Yep. As a story, I think you could do more with this and still accomplish your goal. And that is you make this realization come at the change of plans. Way back at the one quarter mark of your story. So right here? Yeah. Because if that's the goal, if that's what you're trying to replicate. So now you say, this is what happened. We're gonna back up and get the... We're gonna fill in Act 1 later. But if this is the goal to make $3,000 a day, this is the epiphany, figuring this out. And now you said, I've got to do this. And all the time you were trying to do this, you had a tug-a-war going on. And that is what the hell am I doing? First of all, I don't know what I'm doing enough to branch out and do my own. And this sounds so... If this is the issue, this sounds so much like just a regular income. That's what I got out of this to do. We'll get back into that fear in a minute. But let's just try it and see if this works as the goal. If the goal is to make... If this is the method of achieving the goal. Okay? Okay. Because, well, in any movie, that's sort of the way it works. The hero has a goal. They're gonna develop a plan. They're gonna try and execute that plan. And they're gonna meet all kinds of obstacles. Now, maybe this is where there's this disparity. Because if I'm listening to this, great that you got to this point. But I want to know, so what... It can't be this easy. I want to know what made this hard. First of all, as a story, conflict is what's gonna create emotion. I want to know what you're up against when you decided this. Now, maybe that's antithetical to getting somebody on board. But I would think if you go through all the obstacles you faced and ended up overcoming and it made 3,000, I'm gonna be more eager to buy that, I would think. Then something where I just have... I did this, this, and this, and then I did this and I made all this money. I said, oh, great, but maybe I can't. Let's make it a more conflict-filled story. And let's see who overcome these obstacles and then maybe they'll be ready to go. I don't know, but we can try. Okay, so now it means you're gonna have to add a whole lot of new stuff to the story. Because you haven't been telling... I keep pointing to this, but you understand it's... With this is a method. Yeah, we're pushing it. It's how did you... Yeah, exactly, how did you do this? And so if this becomes the goal, now act two is going to be... You have this realization, wait a minute, it's not... I'm not gonna be able to say it as well as you did, but it's not having traffic, it's being the source of traffic. It's not buying a mail, it's being the source of it. But then, how the hell can I do that? Nobody's getting that. I've got to figure that out. So how do I figure it out? So I tried this, I tried this, I tried this, but you tried it, but you weren't fully committed to it. You thought I'll try this, but I'm gonna keep doing this other stuff too. There had to be some... I mean, I would assume there was some point, you just didn't say, I'm gonna do this and then gave up everything else and jumped two feet into this. I just added that. You added that, right. Yeah. Okay, so that's your story. I added that and you can say that. You can say, I just had this idea, wait a minute, I should try that. But that was crazy because first of all, nobody's doing this and who am I? I'm not one of these experts yet, you are now, but we're gonna... And even if you were then, you weren't in the story form. You were just a schlub who was having some success in this. You're gonna keep yourself down. Yeah. So you, because you got to get as close as you can to the level of the people you're... So you're gonna tell this story as if wherever your peak customer, buyer would be, that's where you were at the beginning of Act 2 when you decided this. So I was gonna try this, but I thought this was nuts. And so I just tried a little bit and I did it, I did it. And then what I noticed was something weird. I did this and all at once, I got a check for this that was bigger than what I was making in this. And now this is what I can't coach because I didn't even hear this part. Yeah, you need to hear it. Okay, so what did you do? The next thing you want to find is a lot more conflict in this story. The story, the way the story works now is you created a lot of obstacles, but then it wasn't so much that you overcame them as you heard a new guy talk and that gave you a secret and then that overcame them. I want to know what you were up against in hearing the story. Okay, okay. And you're gonna have to go, I mean, I think this is gonna take some work because I think you're so in the mindset of, I've got to inspire people with all the good ideas I have and that I heard. I mean, you're really good at giving credit to other people and pulling in their pearls of wisdom. But I think what we want to know is frankly more about you and your struggles. You know? Ah, okay. Not because of empathy. I mean, do you know when you got everybody in the room? Do you know when you grabbed them emotionally? When you said I was a fat kid in a leotard? From then on you had them. You needed nothing else to create empathy with you. No, it doesn't really count because we already know you and we already deeply like you. But even if you, I mean, I know that's it because that was the biggest laugh you got is when the energy just spiked when you said that. Because we all thought, you know, oh, there's poor kid. It was funny and it was really sort of heartbreaking in its own way. It was just kind of sad to picture this fat kid in a leotard. So that part stays. Yeah, yeah. We're gonna come back to that fat kid in a bit. Okay, I'm gonna try not to make this too long. So what we want to know, what you're gonna have to go back and think about, and maybe if you forget, ask Kim, because I bet she can remember some stuff that you might not about this. I want to know every time somebody said, dude, you're full of shit. What are you doing? Why are you doing this? When your staff said, why should we be taking this time? When you tried to do it in a tank, you did whatever anything set you back, when there was ever anything new, when you said I or the method you were getting this, this is very general. But how did you go about becoming a source of traffic? You had to try some things that just didn't work at all. It can't be, no? No, I mean, all I had to do once I had that idea was say, hey, who wants to buy ads to my list and then people start paying for ads to my list. So it really was just realizing that, and that's the point I want people to get. Okay, then you're making it a very short story. I don't want to make it a short story. But why not? What's wrong with a short story? I don't know why it needs to be any particular length. Exactly, I'm with you. I'm here to follow whatever you're doing. I know, well, no, don't do that. Don't blindly follow me. No, no, no, but I mean like... That's just going to create more obstacles for it. I'm going to become the conflict in a new story in about a year, and I don't want to be that. Okay, I was, my career is going good. I never met this guy Michael H. You know, I'm not, I become the major setback. It's got to lead to some new epiphany, and I don't want that at all. Okay, so, and remember what I said yesterday, a story needs to be true, but it doesn't need to be factual. If it was that easy, make it harder. All right. You know, pretend you tried some harebrained idea to do this, and it didn't work, but you've got to create obstacles to overcome as you're doing this. Okay, then you had what I thought was, I didn't quite understand if it was connected. You had a great major setback with the IRS, but I wasn't sure, does that have anything to do with this? Yeah, so what it has to do with this was prior to getting that IRS audit, my mindset was create new products, get more leads, sell more stuff. Now I had this moment where I had to pause and deal with this situation definitely before anything that had to do with the business, so my mind was out of what I was normally doing, and it was in that situation when Kim handed me those invoices that I saw something that had always been there, but I didn't see until... Oh, so it was the IRS letter that stimulated you come up with this idea? Yeah, the IRS letter and me dealing with the IRS. Okay, so then it's not your major setback. We'll bring it back, but it's not that. Was there anything in the process between the time you came up with this idea and the time you got to the, what was it, $3,000 a day income, was there any point at which you thought this was a stupid idea and you wanted to just back out? When I had the... So we can move things around a little bit. When I had the idea to start an advertising agency, that was an idea that I didn't think I could pull off and I thought it might be too big or too stupid for me to even try. And that was part of this? It was part of that. I want to know, once you decided to do this to get to that $3,000 a day, was there ever a point in that whole process that you decided this was a stupid idea or something happened that seemed insurmountable that would have forced you to stop that process? Stop this process. No. I mean, this process is... It's been nothing but a good thing. So there hasn't been anything... Maybe I have to think deeply, you know, but on a surface level, nothing's coming to mind where anything related to having a traffic-related business that's been bad so far. Was the issue that he brought up about this becoming more of a secure, steady cash-floor thing that seemed more like a regular job, was that ever an issue for you? No. No, I mean... Let me see how I can say it in this, because I want to create the best story as we're doing this. Could you ever consider having a problem that wasn't related to this? Absolutely. This was found. This was... I thought we'd never get a proactive fan-reader, some other... Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. This was like creating a foundation for the business, for me. So I already had other things going, but this created a stable foundation that I could build and continue to thrive, whatever we want to call it on. So it added a deeper level to what I was already doing. Trying to think... Let me ask the group something for you. I might be the way I'm thinking about it, because I'm thinking about it, still here, is like, this is a great idea, so maybe I'm not thinking deeply enough about it in this area. Might be. Yeah. Might be. And you can go back and keep working on this, and I can keep talking. But let me ask the group one thing. Just generally, for you guys in the business or for the people you work with who are your clients and teams and so on, is what are some typical things that might happen just as you...in your history, just as you are about to really make it big or cross over into a whole new level, what are some typical things that might happen that got you thinking, what am I thinking of? I've been an idiot, and you were really tempted to back out. Anything? Do you understand the question I'm asking? Not what were the obstacles at the very beginning? Sir, can you shut me down and we start making a lot of money? Exactly. It's like, merchant accounting. I'm sorry? Your merchant processor can shut you down and we start making a lot of money out of nowhere all of a sudden. Okay. If I knew what a merchant processor was, that'd be good. Okay. Is that typical? Yeah. Your friends would be found like, you know, they'd make a change in life, and then that's when you fell off. Yeah. That's a big one to get when you get a crap on your friends. I'm not really aware of my history. Okay. Please. Hey, hey, hey, please. Okay. Let's just have one conversation at a time. Yeah, go ahead. I was just echoing that comment about friends and family. Okay. So your friends and family come down on you. Merchant processor comes down on you. Anything else? Right? Just casually make money. Yeah. I just, three weeks ago, had a conversation with my wife and I had to tell her that basically I wasn't type of working with Bob. And she had a tear coming out of her eye and she was just telling him to let out. She was scaring him. And I said, I will not quit. And we're going to do this together. And that's the turning point. I think right now this is my favorite thing. Okay. It's because... Say again, what was it that made her say she was scared, the particular thing? I'm honored being in this room. Yeah. But I've been struggling and I've been working with Bob. And we've been behind on our mortgage and stuff like that. So when I see her and she's sitting upon me and my pastor telling me that people get a job, I said, I was... So... Okay. So that's exactly what we're looking for here. When you're ready to just stop. Now, he's at a different level than you are in the story, but that's fine. That would be a real major setback. When you were in the church, that's perfect. Now, there's one thing in the story that you might play with the work and that is there was a moment, and I don't know where it came when you moved away from Hawaii. Yeah, it came after New York City. To me, there was something deeper there and that is Hawaii seems to me like if you're poor and you're thinking of living a good life, this is writers of this world at the time. There's an image of a really successful writer and it's always living on a water, writing while you look out at some spectacular view, unless you like snow and then it's looking at mountains. To me, that embodies everything you wanted back here in your original story. And now you're doing this and it's... Now, I would switch the story. If you can't come up with something else, I would switch the story and you've been doing this and it's better and better and better and it plateaus. And you realize, I can't really bring this home unless I move. And if I move, it means I'm giving up everything I originally dreamed of. It means I'm going back to where they wear ties and suits and politicians live. I'm not living under palm trees. And if you want to make it stronger, I don't know if Kim... Yeah, there she is. She can be a character in her story. She can come and say, they in, what the fuck are you doing? That's what you want. That's what you want is a reflection character coming and saying, why are we here? This is what you want to be doing. Why are we still staying here? And your tug of war is that tug of war between... But this is what I always dreamed of. I can't give up on that. Yeah, yeah. Because what's happening to you is, it's the same thing. It's an image of what your life should be. And you're going against that. You're stepping out of an identity that everybody else is trying to keep you in. It's just that what's weird for you is, you, and I'm not talking about you really. I'm talking about in the story, you've created a new identity for yourself. The rich guy, the rich internet marketer gets to live in Hawaii. And you're wanting to give all that up. What's wrong with you? Okay, now if you can make that work, even if that wasn't the reality. And by the way, I really do think if you and Kim talk to each other, there might be something deeper that you could get to. But I mean, wouldn't that be an issue for a lot of... Is that a plateau that anybody in your world ever reaches? Where it's like, if I really want to take that next step, I've got to let go of that original fantasy idea and do something even bigger. I've got to go back where I started. And you also said something else that was really good in that. And I don't remember how you worded it, but you said, it was a sort of a change in what you wanted to do with all this. It wasn't about helping people. Does anybody remember what he said at that point? It was sort of a change in what your focus was going to be. No one was taking care of the industry. Everyone was out for themselves. That's pretty much what I said. Well, if I was to expand upon it, I think that the entrepreneurial industry and online in general is an amazing situation. And I feel like everybody that wants to give it a try should. But if we allow big companies like Google and Facebook to be where we focus all of our efforts to create stability and a real business, it's a very dangerous proposition. I didn't see anyone in a very tangible sense trying to create this opportunity for the industry itself from within the industry. My focus changed from what was in it for me to how can I keep this industry, this thing that I love, stable even if what people perceive to be as where all the gold goes away. Okay. So now to me, something really cool is starting to happen because now here's what I think the story starts. I think the story starts in Hawaii. I think the story starts that you're already living the dream. And I think you're in Hawaii and you're making a decent thing. And you can still tell about we're even going to bring in the fat old kid and so on. Because the way you do that is something like this. You know, here's something you should know about me. When I was a kid, my dad, you know, I was this sort of fat little kid and we had to take three sports and my dad for whatever reason said, you got to take wrestling. And so he thought somehow that was going to change me, but all it did was make me a fat little kid in a leotard. But I stuck with it, I stuck with it, I stuck with it. And then, and finally I decided he was right because I started working and I started working hard and da-da-da-da-da. And I reached a point and I found internet marketing or whatever it is. And I, you know, I was able to make a good living. I went to visit Hawaii, I thought it was great. I called up my girlfriend and said, we got to live here and we did. You know, we got married, I don't know if you got married there or back, whatever it is. Back here. Back to being a good part of the story. And we were living the dream. And then one day an envelope arrives in the mail. And I didn't even know to open it, need to open it, to know it was in trouble because it was the return address said, Internal Revenue Service. And I owed X dollars. And it's like, oh shit, what am I going to do? That's your new situation. And now I got to figure out what am I going to do? I owe this money and I'm already making this and this and this, but it's not enough, it's not enough, it's not enough. And so I decided, and then I got this epiphany. And that was this. And so I started thinking, you know, nobody's doing this. So what if I were to do this? And when you have that epiphany, that's your change of plans. And I decided, but now this may change the $3,000 a day. The IRS wanted this much money, but I didn't have to just come up with that much money. I had to still support this and I had this and so on and so on. I was going to have to make in the next six months, I was going to have to make this much money 10 times whatever I made before. I don't know what the numbers are, but really an impossible amount. That's your goal and this is your method for doing it. And so I started doing this and I tried this, nothing. I tried this, nothing. I tried this and then one day I did this all at once. Look, a check. And then I did this and then I did this and then I did this. And finally I realized I'm onto something here. This is really working. So what I did was I started letting go of the other stuff I was doing and really focused on this. Point of no return. Both feet in. And now things were doing better. Things were doing better. Things were doing better. And then something weird happened. It reached a plateau. And I was only making, now I'm just making shit up here if you can't figure that out. I've totally left the realm of reality. All I'm taking is the elements of his story and now I'm holding it in the ones that I think will make it a good story. And all at once I just plateaued. And it was like, what's going on here? What's going on? And I was, I thought, I was nuts to do this. Nobody, and oh, I forgot one other thing. As you start doing this, I started noticing something. I started realizing something that nobody else in this world was taking care of whatever you said. The protecting the industry. It was like everybody was out for themselves. And I realized that's the way I'd always been too. This was like, I want to get rich quick. But the more I did this, the more I realized that I was sort of, I was doing things to protect this. And it was feeling better and better about that. Okay? That was, and it was more and more, and it was like, I started realizing, you know, there's more to this than just making money. Because there was something really good about feeling like I was doing something that would affect other people or whatever. And then that's all through Act 2, that's, that realization is planted in. And then, and then what happens is it plateaus. And all at once, yeah, I'm making money, but it's not going to be enough. And I start telling myself, what an idiot. Why did I think I could break rank with everybody else and do this thing nobody done? And I'm just ready. I figure, well, what I'll have to do is whether to declare bankruptcy, I'll just go back to the old way. And that's when Kim comes and says, what are you doing? You know what the problem is for you to really make this work, you've got to go back to the States. But I can't do that. That gives, you know, this is where I was living the dream. And you somehow woven in, and we don't want to do that detail, but if we really got down to it, we'd weave in that tug-of-war between living the dream and doing something bigger all through the story. This will appeal to you too, if you haven't picked it up already. At the end of the hero's journey, what does the hero do? He comes back and shares it with the elixir. What does he do? He brings back what? He brings back the elixir. There you go. That's what you're doing. You're bringing, you're coming back with the elixir, and you're really going to immerse yourself again. No more of this guy who separated himself out there just to live the good life. I don't know about you guys, but this is becoming a very good story now to me. And so you go back, and then your final push is you go back, and you have to think of that one thing that would be really different about what you did when you came back after you found the courage to give up that dream and let go of this idea that committing yourself to something wasn't the same as going to a 9-5 job every day and committing to that. Do you understand what I'm getting at? Because I realize I'm pushing you in to convey some things that weren't really true for you, I don't think. But I bet they're true for a lot of people hearing this story. I would be willing to bet. And that's all with the qualification, and if you can think of something even deeper as you get into this and go deeper in yourself, fine, but this will do for now. And so you come back, and then the final push is I finally did that last thing, and I did it. And you tell that story and say, oh, and by the way, you know that money I needed to make for the IRS? I wrote that check two months earlier than they needed it, and my income was still greater than it was before. Now, for that point, I mean, we didn't, it didn't end up only, I only owed them like 18,000 bucks. It just took a long time to find that out, you know what I mean? You're right. So what I'm saying is that the reality of that is it took a long time, but we only ended up only 18,000 dollars. So it wasn't a big deal. But do I say that truth, or do I make something up? Oh, where have you been? Dagan, Dagan, Dagan. My child. Oh, okay. My child, have I taught you nothing? You make shit up. I mean, it's not 18,000 dollars. It's not 18,000. It's not 18,000. It's 180,000 or, you know, I don't care. I gotta do it for them. I gotta tell them the best way possible. You know, it's, you know, if the story is true, it doesn't need to be factual. This is a good story to persuade somebody to do something they need to know. Okay. Okay. And yeah, that's, and you paid the check, and you know, something I never did, but go back to Hawaii. But from that moment on, what's different about my life is I'm still making plenty of money. But now the main thing I focus on is I want to help other people do exactly what I was able to do. Yeah. And, and now that seems a real easy segue into, and this is what enabled me to do it. And if you're looking to really raise your game to a new level, I really think this is what can do it for you. Because that's really what this story is about. It's not from poverty to success. It's from a certain kind of success to a level of success that transformed you. Because the fact of the matter is it sounds to me like you could have stayed in Hawaii, paid the 18,000. But my guess is if you had done that, none of us would be here today. And my guess is you're having more fun today than you were having in Hawaii. Oh, a lot more. Well, there you go. That's your aftermath. That's your story. All right. And then what, and then the one other thing you want to weave in is, and we do more, but that would turn into therapy. And I charge for that is I want to get back to that little fat kid and the dad who made him take wrestling or whoever it is. Because something somewhere back there planted this idea in you that you got to, you got to get away from that or you got to, or whatever it is, we want to get deeper in that and sort of weave that. But if it's nothing else than I was a fat kid in a leotard and you told the story this way, I can't imagine that it's not going to do what you wanted this story to do. It's going to be shorter. And I don't think anybody's going to complain. There's this great quote by Roger Ebert. He said, no great movie is ever too long and no bad movie is ever too short. I think the length will be what the length needs to be for the story. Nobody's going to say, you know, can't that be longer? Because then what you, you got more time to do other stuff. Yeah, yeah, I mean, act two, act two, you can act two, you can weave in just enough of the steps to make them believe it's believable, but you're not. This isn't an instructional video or something. This is just, but, but you can need to get a some sense of what's involved because I'm distrusting personally of things that are not. I'm distrusting personally of things when I, when somebody says, just, you know, do what I tell you after you pay me and you'll be, no, I want to know what are you going to tell me to do? What kind of things are, you know, just a taste test of what's going on. What we're trying to portray as a picture of him being stuck in Hawaii. That's what you want to sort of, you know, it's the good life and that it up. But you, you, you just describe it, I'm going to get back to your movie, but you just describe it in a way that it's sort of, you know, you can even, you can even say I was living in a city. You know, and even though some days, you know, I sort of thought, gee, isn't there anything more than looking at waves flopping on the beach every day or whatever? But you just sort of lay in that idea. And, and that's a certain kind of story. It's take somebody who's already up, bring them back down. And as they try and back to where they were, they learn something they didn't know before and it transforms them. Actually, I know we've gone long, long, but I, there was one thing I said to somebody in a conversation I forgot to say yesterday and I think it'll be good for you to know with that identity essence thing. Whenever a hero chooses their outer motivation, which is going to force them into their essence, they always pick a goal that they think is going to enable them to stay in their identity. See, the reason he did this is because he thought this is how I can keep my home in Hawaii. Okay. A simple way to put it is, if you're not aware, nobody wants to change. They want to change their circumstances, but nobody wants to change. When screenwriters pitch me stories that say, it's about a guy who wants to be evolved and fulfilled. I mean, we can say that sometimes. We all read self-help books, but then we don't ever do those things. Except for Dagan. You seem to really take those books to heart. I just read them and say, I got to do that. No, don't. But when a hero finally gets to that second turning point and says, okay, this is what I want, that's going to force them out of their identity, they have chosen that path because they believe it's going to enable them to stay in their identity. The change is going to come in spite of them. Just like in this, that's one of the things that I think makes this story resonate. It's because you were a different person at the end of this story than at the beginning. And then you had no idea you'd never had that desire really wanted to change. You thought you were living a good life. Yeah, yeah. No, that's true. Absolutely true. Okay. So yes, in trading places that is without the without the change, you know, you're not going to change. Without the without the this is trading places without Eddie Murphy. There were a couple other questions. Yeah, since the real goal is to get the company to register for the second training webinar. Does the aftermath of a cliffhanger change? No, no cliffhangers. Not in the story. The aftermath, he is going to be living the life they will live after they go to the webinar or do the big back end product or whatever. That's report to it. You see that the aftermath is a is a picture of his life after he finished the journey, which is subconsciously a picture of their life after they do the thing he's trying to get him to do. Did that make sense? You're looking a little puzzled. So, well, see, see he's this is what's interesting for me because I'm pretty much a logical left brain thinker for the most part. Yeah. So, well, at least that's what I think. But that's where you're coming from. You're like, all right, I get this is a cooler story. But how do I do it the way that we had been doing this stuff? And what I'm seeing is that by me going in a very regimented way, logically, in terms of what I think is a way, but it's not the whole story way. I think he's going in a lot of different levels that I'm not. But I feel like as I'm listening and kind of throwing ideas and feelings into the ideas as he's going into it, the audience would still come away with the feeling of I need to do this. You know what I mean? So I think the same invitation at the end, it's going to be the same. Like the way that he said it is I transform now I'm here. I didn't even know I'd be here. I'm happier. I'm doing all blah, blah, blah, wrote the check. And that's what I want to invite you because not only will this thing this not only will you learn and have the experience that I have now, but you'll be a happier person for it. You know what I mean? The thing you need to understand is that aftermath is they've also transformed by hearing the story because they became him. That's what empathy or identification mean. At the end of the story, they are living the aftermath just like he is at the end of the story. And now you're and then they realize, yeah, I want that experience again. I want to feel that again. I want to do that, transfer that into reality and he's giving me an opportunity. If you leave it as a cliffhanger, it's sort of like saying to somebody, you know, give me my I've got this great method. Give me some money, but I'm not going to tell you if it's going to turn out okay. Instead of and this is the picture of what your life can be afterwards. So transform the... Test transforming and that's what I'm going to do. ...and then tomorrow I'm going to tell you exactly how. Yeah, I'm going to let you. I'm going to let you make this your story in reality rather than just the story you became a part of by hearing. Now, keep in mind, all this is subconscious. You know, you're not announcing these things or saying, and now we're inactive. This is just how stories work. We become Dagen and we go on this journey as him, not with him. Okay, and there was one last... Yes. In reference to the reflection character, is that like Shrek and Donkey? Yes, exactly. It's Shrek and... Yeah, it's Shrek and Donkey and... Well, you know, in Sleepless in Seattle, it's Jonah the son, or it's Rosie O'Donnell for, you know, for Meg Ryan. Or it's the sidekick. It's either a sidekick or it's a mentor like Mr. Miyagi or Mr. Han and the new Kratty Kid or Mickey and Rocky or whatever. It's the mentor, it's the best friend, it's the sidekick. Sometimes it's the spouse. In or, well, a mentor in King's Beach, it's Lion Loge who is helping him. It's the person where... Tell them... I'm sorry, I forgot your name, but tell them what you call it, the loving mirror. Go ahead, I'm sorry, tell them your name again. Noah. Noah. And we were talking last night and he uses the term loving mirror. The person who, which was interesting since I call it a reflection. But it's that person in your life who will support you or any character's life, who will support them and help them achieve the visible goal while at the same time holding their feet to the fire. That's why I said it would be great if in the story, and I'm sure you've done this in real life, you know, it was Kim that said to you and you want... And for her to do that, you've got to weave her into the story. You know, Kim is there and, you know, and I was getting excited and Kim and I were thinking this and so on and so on. And then finally Kim comes to me and says, you know, what are you doing? You can't do what you want to do here. Not that... I bet you've said that to him more than once in your life. I'm sorry, what? I just say, let's just go back to DC. There you go. See? Everybody needs a donkey. That's what I always tell them. That's it? Yes. No. One of my favorite characters in all of cinema. Let's have waffles. Okay, so I think... I think that was... There's one thing I would like you to do. I know you're doing this and we'll do this anyway, but what... What David just did is really courageous to subject yourself to that kind of... not just criticism but analysis and getting deep. So give him a hand just for being a misposition. Thank you. Thank you.