This is where we get into the story stuff. And stories are really very powerful for the specific reason that they give us the opportunity to help our prospects have a new belief. If we can do that, if we can help them have a new belief, and I'd say help them have a new belief, not us give them a belief, they have to accept it, right? What exists the opportunity to do is to create a lot of desire to support the ultimate realization of that new belief. The reason that this stuff is pretty powerful is it comes from me studying copywriting, excuse me, for a long period of time, and always trying to mess around with it to make it better. And I just always had a feeling when I got to the point where I was going to introduce whatever my product or service was in the copy, it was a little bit awkward. You know, like, wow, how do I get there? And what I came to realize is that the impetus or the emphasis in what I was doing was in the wrong place. So I was telling the story in most of my products or in the copy for most of my products to try to convince people why my product was so awesome. But that doesn't matter, right? But all that matters is to help them have the belief that one simple idea will help them in some way, shape, or form. So the example I'm going to use here is one of the stories that I wrote. Now make sure that you guys get the transcript of the entire story for a product I call Unstoppable Duplication. The idea was, to network markers, because I was one, we all think, we all have this idea that if I recruit people then my business is going to grow. But what tends to happen to them, because I have a pretty intimate knowledge of those guys, is they'll recruit a couple of people, nothing will happen, and they'll get discouraged and quit. But what they really are excited about is duplication. How do you get duplication to happen in their business? And so what this story does is it gives them a simple idea that will create the belief that a co-op is the way to create Unstoppable Duplication. And then everything else that you guys will see here as I go through here is to reinforce that simple idea in either positive ways to reinforce or negative ways to take away pain so that by the end they feel like I need to go do a co-op. If we can get them there then all we have to do is say, and that's why I know when I teach you, or that's why I know when I give you X, your life is going to change. In other words, the impetus for where we put our thought is getting them to consume this concept so that they love it. And when they love it, our product's already sold. They've been waiting for us to say, here's what we got. So that's what this process does. Stories are awesome for a few reasons. They create trust, but trust in a specific way. And when I really started studying this stuff, I started to pay attention more to how I reacted when I heard a good story or when I watched a movie. And I remember who here saw the movie X-Men First Class? You guys see that movie? I remember sitting in the movie theater and the very beginning of the movie, do you remember the moment where Magneto, when he was a child, is walking with his parents and then they get taken away from him and put into a concentration camp and he reaches for them and kind of screams and he's just like, no. I remember at that moment just kind of snapping out and realizing that at that moment, as I was watching this, I wasn't me. I was there experiencing that with him. So we try to engender trust when we market, but if we tell a story, we go past trust and create identification. You see? So the next time you watch a movie, when you're deep into that emotional place where you're like, what's going to happen? You're identifying. You're there. And that's what I'm excited this afternoon for Michael because he's really going to get into how to do this well at a level far higher than I know. We have the opportunity to create desire covertly and just by nature stories entertain. If you, whenever I stand in front of a crowd and I really get in to telling a story and I do it well, when I do it good, when I'm on, people are just like, you just look back, they got a little bit like drool. We just all sit back. If you say, let me tell you a story and we're like, all right, tell me. We just accept it. We want to hear a good story. So that's the purpose. What happens when we tell a story is we do it in the right way. Let's step back and say this. Most people know they have a problem as it relates to their goal. I want to get this thing. I know I could do X. I know I could do Y. But the pain of not acting isn't strong enough to push them to really act at that higher level. And if we tell a good story, what happens is we increase that pain of an action and we also increase the desire for the realization of their goal. So at the end of the day, they must act. So if the idea is what we're installing in them and reinforcing, they feel a desire to have it realized. So one of the great lessons that I learned from Michael is, and I'll see if I can find his CD program. Where is it? I had it up here. Where is it? Oh, right here. Yeah. So this is one of Michael's programs. So this is one of Michael's programs. One of the greatest things I got in this was how to tell a story, the process for telling a story, what to do when, and the tangible experience was so that people feel this epic journey. And he's going to be going through that. So all these different points we're going to come back to later. Right now, what I want to focus on is this point, this point is in storytelling terms, it's known as the insurmountable object. It's that point of ultimate peril where you feel like how the hell is the character going to get out of this? You want them to succeed, but you feel like they're going to fail. I remember the most recent Batman movie was pretty good at this. When Bruce Wayne was like, he had a broken back and he was just getting beat down by Bane and then got put in the prison. And then they literally did take over the city. How the hell did you come back from that? Well, if we use this moment, so each of our stories needs a moment like this, right? If we use this moment to create an epiphany, here's a simple little thing that I did. And all this other great stuff happened. Maybe the idea came from listening to something on the radio or picking up a piece of paper or something that a mentor said. And Carlos, he pulled out when we did his at our event, not to go into his story, but a bunch of stuff happened. He ended up in jail and he looked, is not a happy place for him, right? And he pulled a piece of paper out of his pocket and had the answer that he needed at that time. We all want to know what's on that paper, right? You see? This is how we create that impact. So this is the moment, this is most important. So let me walk you through this process. High drama, we want to, so in other words, if we're looking at this graph, we're starting here, here. High drama. When we're in peril, it feels like there's no way to win. So what we have to do is we have to display to our audience that there is a wall and it's, you can't go over, under, around or through. Your life is going to suck. But because something simple happens, a path that is the solution is revealed. So I'm going to walk through this with examples after I just explain these parts. The whole point of this process, by the way, is the only way that we can help a person have a great idea is for them to have the experience, like how we have the experience. So this, at the end of the day, is just going through the process that we would basically have when we have a good idea and doing a couple of cool tweaks. So after we have this great idea, a lot more great ideas pop into our head. Oh my gosh, now I can see with X, all those things that couldn't happen are going to happen. Without it, I'm still going to have all this crap and with it, not only this, but this other thing. So we start to, one idea is like the spark of a lot of great ideas. So we want to make sure that we include our audience in that experience. Ultimately though, whenever we have a great idea, there's always a moment where we have to choose to act on it. We have to say, and there's always fear. There's always like, what if this doesn't work? There's always a little bit of that emotion, right? So we have to display our hero making the choice to move forward. Once you choose, especially as it relates to what we're doing in marketing, it's very important to show the audience the first sign of success that you have from that new good little idea. I went home and I did this, and then all of a sudden there were results where there weren't none before. Rapid growth, so things continue to get better. Case studies. Now this is what I want to explain to you guys, and I want you to think about this analogy of if I have an idea, it's like a basketball, right? If I want you to get that idea, if I want it to be yours, I have to throw you the basketball. If I hold the ball, and you hold the ball, it's not yours yet, right? If I throw it to you, you have the opportunity to look up and catch it. You don't have to catch it, but you have the opportunity to catch it. Does that make sense? So what case studies do is we detach this idea as an epiphany from us. So if I have a great idea, up until this point people will say and think, well that's awesome for you, but that's not going to happen for me. But right here, this works for everybody. This guy, and this guy, and this guy, and this gal, and everybody. So that's how I know it had nothing to do with me, right? Now they start to own the idea, right? Yeah, maybe, maybe is how they feel, maybe. From there, what I like to do is I like to share hidden benefits. So instead of saying the great thing about this idea is x, y, and z, it's a lot better to say we all know that idea x is going to give us a, b, c, and d. But what people don't see is e, f, and g. And those are really the most awesome things, right? So what they do right there is they go, holy shit, it's way better than I thought, right? But remember we're talking to people, so immediately that's going to heighten their emotions. So they're going to start to say, I don't know. They're going to try to have that last little objection. So the next thing that I like to do is if I can find the objections that a person has, I like to figure out how to transform those objections into positive reasons why to say yes. And again, I'll go through an example. Right now, they pretty much feel like I got really no excuse. So they're almost adopting the idea. The best stories in the world, like I always love movies where they have like a twist at the end, right? Where it's coming, you get it, but something happens and oh man, it's going in a totally different direction than I didn't expect. So if we can allude to something bigger or we can have some sort of a twist, now the attention even intensifies a little bit more, right? But we don't tell them. We just say, it got even better. So there's something about it you didn't even know. Before I tell you, let me make sure when you go out and do X or use X that you don't make the same mistakes I do. So we come back and we make sure we inoculate them, right? Don't make the mistakes that I did because now we're basically assuming you get it, it's a good idea. If you use it, here's how not to mess up, right? Like, oh, thank you. I am going to go and do this now, right? You've protected me. Oh, I messed up on this. So this should say ultimate solution. So then we reveal our thing that's even better than they thought it was going to be. And when I figured this thing out, I did something that was a little bit of a tweak or whatever it could be. And it totally changed the game in a way that I never thought it would. Or it could just be a tweak. I'll give you an example, just a quick example before I go through the whole thing of this. I was working with a consultation client on this process for their story and they wanted to get people excited about list building in a specific way. Her whole story through here was all about what was happening with list building and her sharing her results and other people's results and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. But there's something about it I didn't tell you. So we all get what list building is in here, right? Don't make these mistakes. Remember that thing I didn't tell you? What I didn't tell you is all those results that I had when I was building my list came from 120 people. The list was 120 people and I found them all for free on Facebook. And now the person goes, ah, what is this secret? So I know if you were feeling the pain that I was in when I started, if you're going through a lot of crap, if you're going through a lot of crap right now, XYZ, that's how I know that once you know how to do this and you use it in your own life, it's going to change everything for you. So at this point, that's when I'll do the invitation, right? Tomorrow I'm going to share a really cool idea with you. And here's a proposition. Don't give me a dime now. Put me to the test. Let's see if it's awesome tomorrow. If you like it, you get the invisible funnel part at this point, right? All right, let me go through an example. So I have a product called the perpetual duplication and stop-able duplication. And the high drama situation where I start out is I'm riding in a car as a pharmaceutical sales rep in downtown D.C. But it's a day where I have my boss along with me. And I never really liked these days because the guy always, he judges me and it's always a tense situation. And we went through a bunch of different offices and I wasn't at the top of my game. And I just could remember when we were driving home, we were going down Route 66 in Virginia. Details are good. Share details, right? And I stored it. It was dead silent. And you said, Dagen, pull over for a second. I need to talk to you. I feel my heart sunk immediately right there, right? I knew. And he asked me, you know, Dagen, tell me honestly, do you like what you do? Do you like your job? Because I'm not sure. And I answer him as anybody would, right? I say, I love my job. I'm now inside. Clearly, I'm doing it out of self-preservation. It's one of those situations where it's all I have. So if I don't have my job, how am I going to pay my bills? So I tell him I love my job. And of course I want to keep doing this. Inside I knew, really, I felt the opposite. And a few minutes later, we got back in the car. And it was silent, parted ways. And I knew right then that my days were numbered. You know, I knew I only had a limited amount of time. It just freaked me out. I was not in the best of mood. So typically what I'll do and what I learn to do when I'm in those situations is I'll listen to some personal development or something like this. Because I've always found that it's better to replace a bad idea with a good one than try to suppress it or get rid of it, right? So I would just listen to some personal development. And this particular time, I decided to listen to a CD that was absolutely my favorite. See, I had just started a little home business not long ago. And it was doing OK. But it wasn't doing well enough to pay the bills. I wanted to, but I just couldn't see it getting to that state before I knew the inevitable was going to happen. And as I was listening to the CD, I remember hearing one word, one word that I hadn't heard before. And it was a word. I didn't understand why I hadn't heard it. I listened to this thing like 50 times. I didn't hear this one word. And as soon as I heard that word, I immediately pulled over to the side of the road, got out of my car to Amaco Station, just started pacing back and forth. I must have looked insane to everyone that drove by. And I knew I did because they would slow down and like, what is this guy doing? Now, before I tell you what the word is, let me just tell you why it was such a big idea, why it blew my mind at that point. Clearly we all get into home businesses and things like this because we want to create wealth, right? How do you actually do that? The simple answer is you eliminate your debts and you invest aggressively in your most profitable assets, right? Keep them growing. And well, if you're in a home business like I am, my question would be what's your most valuable asset? Now most people would say it's their team, their down line or whatever. But I don't think that's exactly the answer. See, because one of the lessons I learned in my business was that about one out of every ten people that I recruited actually did something meaningful. And about one out of ten of them did something like significant at the same level that I did. So when I played this math out, it's just regular math, right? But it gave me some sort of certainty. It's not good, it's not bad. When I played this math out, what I realized was that at the end of the day within my own business that the most valuable asset for me to grow wealthy was my own lead generation. See the more leads I could put into my process, the more one out of ten and one out of ten that I would find. The problem for me right then was I only had a limited budget. I could only do so much with what I had. And there was no way for me to really overcome this before I got canned. And that's why this one little word was so important to me. As soon as I heard it, I had all these ideas going through my head like, you know, with it that problem would be totally erased. I would never have to worry about money again. I'd be able to generate as many leads as I possibly could and my team would grow fast and just possibly I might build a team big enough to succeed, to have a paycheck to support me when I actually did get fired. There are all sorts of ideas like this. So I'm not going into everything I did, but I'm just kind of giving you pieces of it so we can have a little bit of brevity. One idea is this one word, co-op. Now if you don't know what a mark in co-op is, it's where you and the people closest to you put your money together and you all go and advertise as a group. And I could see if I could just, if I could do this, the math would work out, our team would grow. Their people would have new recruits coming in. I'd have my team growing. Everything would thrive in my head at work. But the problem I had was the CD I was listening to was like 20 years old. So this guy was talking about doing post-carpo-coops, but I was an online guy and I had no idea if this stuff really applied to the internet. So I remember as I paced back and forth with this word going through my head and this little fear, I'm not sure if this is going to work. I don't know. What if this is like some of the other things I had tried? For whatever reason, I decided to say yes. I decided to just try. Let's see what happens. So I went home, I sent an email out to my little team and said, hey guys, we're going to have a co-op and gave them a link to PayPal. I went to sleep, I woke up the next morning and there was $800 in my PayPal account that wasn't there before. And right then, I knew that this stuff was going to work. See, what I realized is that some of the things that people want, they don't necessarily say and these guys just threw money at me because I said I would manage this thing for them. Before that first run was over, I got about $3,200 in advertising money that wasn't my money and was way bigger than the budget that I ever had. That doubled the size of our team. I had about 80 people at that point. After that very first co-op, it grew to 160 people. Each and every month, it just kept growing bigger and bigger and so I would display this stuff within the story. And what I realized was the most powerful about this idea, it wasn't me. It wasn't just me because all the new guys that came on my team, I taught them this exact same thing and they got the exact same result. So they would go to their team and teach them how to run these co-ops. Some of these guys grew teams far bigger than me. Like XJazz was one of the guys. Jason, another guy, just imagine testimonials, right? People getting results bigger and better than my own. As we started to do this stuff, we all know, if you understand what a co-op is now, you get the idea that what this idea does is it allows you to create a marketing budget that doesn't have to come out of your pocket, which means you can go out and generate leads and all that stuff is well and good. But one of the things I had no idea that running and starting this little co-op was going to do for me was that all network marketers wondered how do you recruit heavy hitters? Well, just simply because I was running a co-op, heavy hitters started looking for me because they saw that I had a system in place and all they had to do was bring their team over and have them get involved in my co-op and they'd make money for it. So the easiest way to recruit the biggest and brightest people in your own industry is to run a co-op. They come looking for you. Another one of the things I realized by doing this whole co-op thing was that you don't see immediately, is it not only do you have a marketing budget, but that budget grows each and every month and it never comes out of your pocket. So imagine that just by learning this little skill, all that you automatically increase your ability to go out and market and every single month that you do it thereafter, your marketing budget is going to grow even more. Do you think you're going to build a bigger team with that? Now I know what you're thinking right now, so objections. I don't have a team, Dagan, or I only got one person on my team, something like this. Well here's the thing about co-ops. You don't need a team to run a co-op because whatever opportunity you're in, there's probably someone in your upline and if you go to them and you say, hey, I'll run a co-op for them, I bet one of them will say yes. And when they say yes, what's going to happen? They're going to get their team involved in that deal. So you're going to have a bunch of people putting a lot of money into the system and you didn't have to put any money in yourself. So you can either, number one, pay yourself 10%. So you created money just for knowing the skill. So it precedes this other stuff or you can just put yourself in the co-op too and generate traffic and leads and create recruits just for running this co-op. So if you don't have a team right now, that's the best time to learn this skill. Do you get it? All right. Now the coolest thing about this co-op stuff that I haven't told you yet, so I'm eluding here, is that once I got it rolling, really I didn't have to do much because I had my best guys that were all running their own co-ops. So we had our team grow about 100, 150 people per day, pretty regularly, not every day but pretty regularly. And I didn't have to do any of the work, which was cool because it gave me the opportunity to kind of step back and tweak and play with this whole model of it. And one of the tweaks that I made blew me away. Not only was I able to run a co-op, but by the little tweak that I made, I was able to generate an extra $10,000 per month and build a list of five, 10,000 people every single month without doing any additional work. Before I tell you what that tweak was, so elude, let me make sure when you go out and run your co-ops you don't make the mistakes that I made. Mistake number one, I can go through a bunch, but just so you guys get the feel for it, is to buy multiple shares. You have some people on your team that will want to buy a bunch of shares. This is dumb. You want to facilitate their growth, but not finance it. There's no way they're going to finance their way to success. Let them buy one or two shares at most, and that's all. What's another good one? Oh, yeah. Don't let them get too big. That's a good one. I never let more than 100 people get involved in one co-op because it's just too hard to manage. Don't let it get bigger than you can manage. 100 people is about as much as I can do. Limit it to that and then pass it off to someone else in your team. Times one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10. Now that you guys aren't going to make the mistakes and you get this idea and you're ready to go do co-ops, let me tell you about that one little idea I shared with you here. I told you that there was this version of a co-op that I created where just tweaking a little bit, I was able to create an extra $10,000 per month and grow my list by 5,000 people for absolutely free. What I did was what's called a perpetual co-op. I just made this little tweak and I guarantee you, if you understand where we've been, that I've said it different ways. At this point, you can either just share what it is overtly. I could sometimes I'll say, here's what it is. You put a lead capture page in front of the deal and you manage the whole process for them so then you build this master list and you can monetize the list by selling tons of stuff to it and build the team. Or you can just say, and this perpetual duplication of this perpetual twist that I threw on is going to blow your way when I show it to you tomorrow. Now if you follow along with me and you're anywhere near where I was when we got started, I hope you get it. I hope you see that this idea of co-ops is the answer. It is the solution to duplication in your business and it works for everybody. So tomorrow, when I share how to do this, when I share with you how to do this live, I know it's going to change your life the same way that it changed mine. You can register X, invisible funnel proposition, hydrama, display a wall. So the wall can be either told through a story that illuminates why things suck. There's no way I can get over it because every time I tried one, two, three, four, five, I hit a wall. I couldn't figure it out. Or you can use logic. I kind of use logic in this example where I said, I assume, look, if you want to get rich in this stuff, you got to do two things. Get rid of your debts and invest heavily in your assets. What's your asset in our area that we're working with? Let's look at it closely. It comes down to your leads. I couldn't get enough of them. That was my problem. There's nothing I could do to get enough of them with my current situation. So you kind of feel it. As a wall, you also had this sort of ticking time bomb of the jobs going to run out. That's the hydrama. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. It's not going to go out. Maybe I don't understand what you're saying. The wall? Which is the wall from the other sort of obstacles. So the hydrama is a situation that is impending doom. The wall is the display that there's no way to get out of this impending doom. So there are elements of the same thing. But we need to have both in order for this to have impact. One simple thing happened. One word popped into my head. Something like this. And when that happened, boom. Yeah. You do the back story before you show the event that you're after. The back story meaning? It's got very, yes, back story. Because behind our back story? It's a back story wall. It says back story while you can't read it. Oh, no. Yeah. No. So it says story logic. You just can't see that. Oh, no. Why does it say back story? It shouldn't say that. Last year, I've been using the back story. But it's the same thing. So here's what that means. Let me make it make sense for you. That's better than what you said. You go back and you say, I've been trying stuff and I keep getting kicked in the balls. Life sucks. You see it? You're going to get kicked in the balls too. Right? So you just need to display that it sucks. Like life sucks at that point. And there's nothing you can do about it. You can't figure it out. Because that's where they are. Right? That's where they all are. I don't care what industry, what niche you're in. That's how they feel. I've tried everything and it sucks. Something happens that's simple. Something simple. It can't be like, you know, I discovered the theory of relativity. It's got to be like a co-op, a one word. Or I was looking at my list the wrong way. Or I was doing two-legged squats when I should have done one leg. Something simple, you know what I mean? Because this is what people want it to be. And it needed to be something simple for them to get it and accept it. Does that make sense? As soon as we have a new good idea, more new good ideas come to mind. Oh my gosh, I can see all these new possibilities or weren't any before. Now over here, over there, oh my gosh, this is awesome. Ultimately the hero has to choose. And when he starts to talk about story, like you can't have a story with like a loser hero. You can't just like wake up in the morning, eat some oatmeal, and have someone call and say, you know, like your house is on fire and decide to go back to sleep. That's a dumb story, you know what I mean? Like you can't... You know, this is... The hero has to be heroic. So you have to be the heroic person to make the appropriate choice. You must display the first signs of success. You must say, here's the moment when I got it. Here's what happened. Here's what it felt like. Here's what it was like. Inside, here's how I felt. One thing with writing that... It's harder to do with movies and things like this is to get people to experience the emotion actively. If you say like, I'm depressed or I was depressed. It's a very passive way of saying an emotion. And writing, the way that we have to do that is we have to bring people into that experience by sharing... Our mental thoughts, physically how we felt and then share the experience. So I would say, you know, when I open the letter, immediately my heart sunk. All I could think was, why me? See, when I looked at it and it said, you're fired. I can't just say, I got depressed because I got fired. You say, bring them into the situation. When I looked at the piece of paper and tried to actively give them the feeling of emotion, like what does it feel like to be happy? What does that feel like? Have you ever written that down? What is the physical feeling of being happy? When I first started, when I learned this in one of these story books, I went and I tried to journal about, what does this feel like? It's hard. It's hard to figure it out. Most people don't do that. But when you start to play with that, whatever that feeling is for you. For me, let's say, excitement. My hands got cold and my mouth went dry. I started to feel this tingling feeling all over. I started just tingling. When I looked at the paper and I realized, and all I could think was, I think this is it. I think I won the lottery. This is a better way to do it. Does this make sense? Is that good? Is that... Yeah? Yeah. So when you're doing this part of the webinar, is this still text showing on the screen, listening to you, or is this seeing you live? Oh, like this? Like seeing you and, you know, video? I've just done it in the Facebook thing. I'll just pull open the Facebook thing and start telling the story. And I'll get them engaged in it. You know? What were the top benefits? Just to be able to see you or just hear you? Just hear me. And would the text appearing alongside the video? No, they're just listening to my voice and then we're in Facebook. And I'll say, so what was the biggest hidden benefit to you about running a co-op? And they'll give me some answers. And I won't let them leave. I'll say, I need 20 good answers before we move on. What was the biggest objection you had? Do you feel like we've handled it? You know, so it probably would be a lot better if I did the talking head thing, so they kind of like see your face and your emotion. But I haven't tested that. Just never look at Facebook. Yeah. Listening to you. So this could easily be a tele-seminar look. Hmm. Just as a tele-seminar look. It might be. I mean, one idea I've had is, yeah, to do it as a tele-seminar just to see. But it's really just about couching the reason why into a story. So how do I build up? How do I give them an idea that changed me, throw it in the air? Prove to them that it's not my idea. It's an idea that they can use, have them catch it, and run. You don't have to do this perfect. You don't have to do any of this stuff perfect to get results. But you can change the media. You can do a tele-seminar. You can do a webinar. You can do it as a sales editor. In fact, one of the best promotions I did early in my career and never thought about it again for why it worked is I wrote a story promotion. Not I didn't have any of this. I didn't understand any of this. But I just wrote a story for why people needed to do what I was going to do. And it was a sales editor, just a tech sales editor. And you know how to launch it to my list. So all I did was I like turned it into chapters. I would give them like this much of the letter and call it chapter one and put a little box under it that says opt in so you get chapter two before everyone else. And each day I would release a little bit more. And then the day of whenever they could join, it was a damn good day. So you can do it so many different ways. That's the whole point of that. But that worked well. I don't know why I never did it again. It was dumb. You know? I was busy writing notes. So somewhere I missed between where you got the ultimate solution and where you bridged the pain with the invitation there. I missed the pain part. Oh, pain of an action. I mean, if you're like me, I mean, if your job's in peril, if you don't know how your future's going to turn out, if you've been trying to build a team and no one's duplicating, you don't know why. And you know in your heart that you have, you're going to be successful in network marketing. You have to know right now. You have to know that this is how you're going to get there. And that's what tomorrow, when I share it with you, it's going to change everything. So just remind them of the pain. Is this hypnosis approved? Yes. Yeah, you're doing good. Cool, cool, cool. What other questions? You salted, kind of salted everything with the two that you had the one word and you had the, you do my salt that in the same place or does that reflect the word where you do the salting? So with the list publishing thing, this point would be, I got a letter in the mail from IRS saying, hey, you owe us $983,000. What am I going to do? My life sucked. And the only thing I could do was try to work my way through it. And where's Kim? I don't know where Kim is. Oh, there she is. Kim was helping me get all our counting together and we were going through receipts. She handed me one receipt. And as soon as I saw it, if you've ever seen the movie, The Usual Suspect, you know that moment at the end where the inspector has verbal cant-wait. The guy's verbal cant-walk out and he realizes it, that that was Kaiser Soze. That's the only way I can describe how I felt because right there on that one sheet of paper was the answer that I've been searching for. And on that one receipt was the answer I've been searching for the entire time I'd been in online business. Within months, I was making $200, $300,000. The audit didn't matter and blah blah blah the story goes on. So you just want them to... What did it say? Right? Yeah. You want to know this. You have to ask him. Yeah, no, no. No. You've actually already told you. I'm trying to help some people with their businesses. You think it would work to tell the story from the angle of I'm trying to help my students but I keep running into this wall with them, trying to help them and then kind of carry through them. I had this epiphany which was basically the idea of running a high ticket service business. So... It could work. Absolutely. I mean, I just would need to know more. I'm a huge person. I kind of sit down. I need to know what they're doing here, what they're doing here, and what they think their moment of epiphany or in other words, the premise that we talked about yesterday was, you figure it out. Right? We figured it out for you. And then what you did the first time, you too. We figured it out. Yeah, young Jonathan, we didn't bring you to say a jet. We'll bring you up here in a bit. Cool. Yeah. So, I'm trying to think. Here's one other thing I do want to show you guys about this. What time is it? 12.40. 12.40? Okay. How do I figure this? Like, so, for these different parts... Let me see if I can find this. What's up? Ask questions. Make them respond. Yeah. So, this is just my own personal notes. When I am going through and doing this stuff, I'll just list out all the different things that I think will go under, like, case studies. Here's the proof. What? List publisher profits. I'll offer that. I showed you guys before. So, this is me putting together pieces for that. Social proof. Where am I going to use some social proof? So, you know, different types of case studies. Mistakes to eliminate. What are the mistakes that I think they're going to make? Content. You're using the guy who used to do the photo call. You're looking at that crush that you got in the store? Yeah. Well, what I'll do... So, this is my brainstorming. So, what I'll do first, and I'll show you one other thing that I think will help you... Yeah, that'll help you really crystallize it on that, is this is how I'll get all the ideas out. What content could I share about this idea that I think is going to be awesome for them? What objections do I think they're going to have? What benefits do I see? So, just like with bonuses, like if you have a ton of benefits, like which ones are the best? Which everyone's are the best? Just all you got to do is say, everyone knows these benefits, but what most people don't see is these other things, and they'll experience it kind of as like, oh, those are awesome. So, if you list out a bunch of benefits when you get to the hidden benefits part, just you can always... it's just that framing of it. Everyone knows this, but these are the things no one knows, and they'll go, oh, those are awesome. And then I'll just... so HB just means I think that's a hidden benefit, regular benefit, regular benefit. So, I'll go through my content, and I'll say... I'll figure out where I want to put it so you can see whatever this was, that's a hidden benefit. I think that's a great hidden benefit, even though it's content. So, it'll just let me get all the ideas out, and then start to attach them to different parts of the process. And then when we get to this, it'll make a lot more sense, but when I actually have it all together, it'll end up looking something like this. That's the wrong way, but you guys can kind of see... How do we make this bigger? There we go, that's the way. So, this will be that first hero's journey story, and there's certain points that matter, and I'll have an episode or something that the audience can experience for that part. Then I'll have the different meanings. So, remember I said the premise, I want to like always validate the premise, so I'll find a few stories in a weave that fit into the premise, and then I know that that one point is the most important part, and then I'll flesh that stuff out kind of down here. So, it might look crazy, but this is kind of like what it looks like when I have it all in order, and I want to go and do it. Yeah, so that's story selling. This took me a long time to figure out. I don't really know how I figured it out, but I did read a lot of stuff, and it's pretty cool. People are like, that's an awesome... I never got that before, that's the best idea ever. I'm like, yeah, of course I want your thing, because I need it, because if I'm going to do this, I need that thing that you got. It's pretty cool. Any final questions, and then we'll go to lunch. Yes, sir. I've done it all twice, and that's going to cost me sales again. So I'm tempted to put the story and the BSL on the webinar registration page, and then have them buy their $0 ticket family, if you love it, and then get right into the content, and that way they only have to shelf once. So I'm wondering if you've tried that, or if you can elaborate on the benefits of two stuff. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, first off, nothing I'm saying here is marking doctrine. This is just cool stuff that I learned that's worked for me. The evolution of this process was one webinar. It was a series of emails that did basically this stuff to a webinar. And even before, like, I actually knew this, the very first series of emails might have been just like, the best thing in the world is X. Let me make sure that you don't, and I'll tell them why I think it's cool, and I'll say, let me make sure you don't make these mistakes. Here's the first mistake, and then, you know, five more emails with mistakes leading up to the event. So now when I teach you this, you won't make those mistakes. So there were lesser forms of this before I got all this. Does this make sense? The reason for the two-part webinar is that I got lazy one time, and I was like, ah, man, I only got a couple days here. Let's see what we can pull out. So I sent some emails to a webinar, and the webinar had a story hook, you know? If I did this, the perpetual, so the List Publisher Profits webinar was from bankruptcy and addiction to $286,000 per month. Come, let me share the full story for the first time. You won't believe what you hear. And that was just all it said on the registration page. So it's not like, when you teach your stuff, it's like, you got to hear the story. And so it was just something like that, and I sent a few emails to it. I had 1,100 people register, and 500 of them registered for the second part of the webinar when I invited them here. And it just shortened the process. That was, and I got bigger response than anything. They absolutely show up for the second one, because all you're doing here is getting them excited. But test it. Yeah, guys, so what I want to do is, if we're good with this, let us sink in. Very last question, because we have to go to lunch, because we only, I just found out, we only have this room until 6, so we have to hustle. Okay, just to clarify this, so with that first webinar that you're doing, the offer, is the offer to go into the secondary webinar? Correct. Zero. Yes, correct, correct, correct. And all this does is it creates a belief, and then all we're doing with this stuff is reinforcing that belief in ways that increase the desire. This is so awesome. Look at all the great ideas I had. I had to choose it. They'll choose it, right? I can do it. Here's what happens. Oh, now I know what it's going to feel like. This could work. I can imagine something like this happening to me.