So back to our moving example, so they break up. When your hero encounters the major setback, what she will do is she will try and retreat back to the life she was living. Try to go back to the set up. The problem is it won't work. In fact in wedding crashers, he's so devastated he goes back not just to crash in weddings but now he starts crashing funerals and picking up widows and getting laid which is a little bit on the sad sick side but that's what he does. And then often with the help of what I call a reflection character, a sidekick who comes and says, what the hell are you doing? He finally realizes, that may have been awful what happened but this is miserable. I've got to make one last all or nothing do or die final push. In romantic comedies it's what I call the race to the altar. It isn't always to the altar but a lot of times I say I've got to stop the wedding. Like this. Or in 40 O Virgin there's no wedding but he hops on his bike and go racing to find her because the major setback is when she discovers all the porn and learns that he's a virgin. Okay so that's so it's the retreat and then the final push and then the final turning point is the climax. This is the moment where your hero will either achieve the goal or not but it cannot be ambiguous. You've got to resolve that. Now I don't think many of you would be tempted but you want to be sure you don't do this. You don't want to tell a story and never reveal whether the hero of your story got what they were going after. I wonder what ever happened to that guy who tried my program. Gee did he succeed or not? I don't think that's going to work. But so it's when the two lovers are united forever it's when something happens that's memorable at the end of King's speech but I can't tell you because somebody hasn't seen the movie yet. But it's not the end of the story. In fact is it okay if I share my suggestion to you about the story? A story is not over when the hero achieves the goal. There's one last stage you must have and that is what I call the aftermath. Remember I said stories are before and after picture. We've got to see the after picture. We've got to see the rewards of the hero having achieved and accomplished this goal or of having failed if they failed. But we need to see the new life that they are living after the journey is over. The journey is over so to speak when they get what they wanted or they don't. But now we need to see the aftermath. What I said to Dagan was, which he said it's okay if I share because my suggestion is he said here when he ended the story it was like he finally did this and it worked great but there's no, I don't remember hearing an aftermath. And so I would think for you, let's say you're going to tell a story about someone, let's just start with somebody else who availed themselves of your process, your product, your whatever it is. Don't just say and then she got and then she made a million dollars. Describe the new life that this person is now living and compare it to the life that they were living at the beginning of the story. So I just made that up about the woman who needed stuff. But if they wanted to send her son to college and I said if she could just make, I think I said what, obviously he was going to college in Honduras or someplace because you can't go to college in this country for $5,000. But whatever it is, now you say that story I think would be finished when you say, oh, and you know that son that she wanted to send to college? He's now in medical school. There you go. Well, that's even better. Yeah. See, you know, because obviously she's as brilliant as I am, but a nicer person because I just want him to go to medical school so he makes a lot of money. She wants to send him to Honduras. Okay. Oh, I see. I see. Okay. Okay. So I would encourage you to add that aftermath of the story because we want to see the picture of the life that are living. Now one last thing with this chart, I want you to do, if you're following the chart and you have a pen or pencil or writing the implement, you see where the vertical lines intersect the flat line that represents the journey where all those five turning points are. Just at that point of intersection, I want you to make a little circle here. I don't have it. Okay. If you can see what I'm talking about, see the vertical line that says 10% horizontal line, just make a little circle where that intersects. And another one where 25% intersects 50 and so on. Here is what I would suggest that if you are trying to get anyone to accomplish a goal, that their goal, like to buy your product and succeed with it or just to show you whatever it is, whatever the endpoint is, and the same old story for you, if you're pursuing a goal. But let's just think about your customers or your clients or team or whatever it is. Where you put those circles, those are the five places they're most likely to back out. Back out. They're most likely to cave. They hear your idea at the opportunity, they don't want it. They backed out. They hear the idea, they figure, I want to do it, and then they say they find out to do it, it's going to cost me this. They back out. And so on. They spend the money, but you want them to go further, especially if, which I sense for, I bet this is true for everybody in the room, you're not just wanting to make the money off of them. You really do want them to succeed. And they get the program and then they reach the point where they have to do something bigger, not just spend the money. It might be more money at the point of no return, but it might be this is where they actually have to send out the emails or do whatever the next step. That's where they're going to back out. And always, always, always in any journey toward achieving a goal, just when you think or the hero thinks that it's within grasp, the shit's going to hit the fan and everything's going to go to ground. And of course, that's a typical place to back out. Just to keep in mind, because if you know that and you can be prepared for it and counteract that with something that's going to keep them from backing up, wouldn't that be valuable? But to know what to do there, you have to understand the inner journey, which is what we're going to get to next. But first, now, does anybody have any questions about anything I've said so far? Any questions about anything to do with the outer journey? And this would also be a good opportunity to go back to that first page as you're hearing the answers and write in for your story what those elements are and the story you're working on. So, any questions? Yes. Yes, your question. All right. So the first one of those is a kind of quick comment. So the first one was, are there ever situations, and maybe this is from a moving perspective, that comes with the sequel or maybe it's a fun to see at the end, that your story, for example, even like the success story of the woman who wanted the 5,000 for the son of a college or maybe not hit that goal, and after hitting that goal, realize a bigger objective or a bigger goal, like a bigger sense of fulfillment or purpose or something like that after the fact. And then secondly, I just noticed that after a while, I realized this is probably sort of movies where they leave you, it's done, and you'll see that kind of like the, maybe some movies, you hate it, like I hate the movies where they just kind of end, but you don't really see the success aftermath of this kind of ends once they've accomplished it all. Okay. Did everybody hear his questions? You can hear them okay? It's how he ups up. Okay. Yeah. Okay. The first one, if you say they achieve the goal and then they decide they want to go for something bigger, yeah, you're right. That's a new story. You figure out what the goal is that you want to talk about and the story's over when you show the aftermath of that. If they want to go to some bigger, follow them, turn that into another story, that would be like a sequel. The other thing is, it's just a dramatic decision. Those movies that end right at the climax, let me get back to you on this answer. Those stories that end at the climax almost always give a clear indication of what the aftermath would be. Karate Kid, Rocky, Thelma Louise. There's really not any, I mean, I don't want to be a spoiler, but I don't think Thelma Louise actually do get to the other side of the Grand Canyon. So not much to show. Okay. Yes. Do you have a question? I'm learning this as you're learning this. You know what I mean? Here's what I'd suggest. Okay. Hang on. Let me ask you this. Hang on to that question until I talk about the inner journey. Because I think when I explain the inner journey, I think you'll be able to answer for us. Just hang on to it. Okay. But hang on to it. I'll come back and I'll let you answer, ask it again. But let me, when I finish the inner journey, let's see. Because the fact is, I don't have a clue what the answer would be, but if I stall, maybe he'll forget about the question. But my belief is when you get into that, that was like a teaser, just saying, this is where they back out. The inner journey, I think, is going to help you understand that. Yes. Yeah. I could be wrong, so I'll have to, for clarification. You were saying these are the moments where the, we're talking about stories in general and we're talking about, we're talking about in the context of like a sales story or sales video. You're not saying these are the moments where someone's going to stop listening to your message if you're telling a story. You're saying, you're saying, you're just in your own journey. My understanding is your story, your story is simply one step toward the journey you want them to take, which is to pay the money for the big offer. Right? I can kind of answer that. My understanding is we're not really talking about the customer's journey as much as they're going through your sales, that's not what you're talking about. What is that? An Allen D. P. Let me answer. You're right. I'm not going to clarify that. Let me clarify that. What I've been talking about for everything except the last five minutes is the way stories work in movies and the way stories work when you're creating stories for your own marketing, advertising, et cetera. What I then is, I sort of switched it because remember I said this structure applies to real life as well. And I was getting out of the context of you writing a story and I was saying, if you think of your customers as taking the journey from wherever they are when they first, before they hear about you to having completed whatever goal you want for them. In other words, you're breaking into six stages, their journey that you want them to take. So I stepped out of the realm of storytelling and I'm applying storytelling principles to real life. Don't talk a mile in someone else's shoes. You're saying now you're building your customer story. It is like using the points in this. I'm saying you're not building. I'm saying you're recognizing that he is also taking a journey and it's where he's making her own choices. Yeah. And so you're being prepared. You know what the turning points of the journey you're taking him on are going to be. And if you're prepared that that's where he's likely to withdraw, you know, forewarned his forearmed. One more question and then we got to move. Okay, two. I will get to you too. Yeah. I guess that's really good with our webinars and how we're teaching and having turning points. And the whole place I wasn't there. I think we help a lot is point of no return. How do we create the point of no return for our customers as we're teaching them things and then getting these turning points? Again, I'm kind of regretting combining it with real life yet. I was just supposed to be just sort of tantalize you. I'm not talking about creating a point of no return for your customers. I'm talking about creating a point of no return for the hero of the story you're telling. So if you're telling the story that is true, you need to find that moment in the journey that that character took where they made a full commitment to the to achieving the endpoint rather than one foot in and one foot out. Please forget just put out a backup rewind. Did I say anything about the circles that they got because we're going to get to that anyway? Okay. But you do need when you're telling a story to put create a point of no return for that hero. Okay. Just stay focused on the stories you're writing right now. The point of no return was when the girl first started to kiss her. You know he didn't return to go to the hero of all that stuff. You're mixing up. Oh. The point of no return means he he can no longer return. Yeah. He does try to return, but he can't. It doesn't work. That's what I mean. From the moment he kissed her and really declared his love, it's not going to go. He's never going to be satisfied getting laid at funerals anymore. Okay. Now here's the thing. I'm I'm going to keep going because there's it's just 45 more minutes. I will stop exactly at the two and a half hour market at 430. And I know some of you are getting restless, but if I if we break, we're really going to be screwed because it'll take so long to get back. So if you must just tip toe out, but tip toe out while I'm talking, not during the clips because I love movies. I can't say to see a movie clip interrupted, but we're going to see a scene from, but I don't care. You won't bother me if you tap dance out of here or just hold it for 45 more minutes and you won't miss anything. I don't. I don't usually tell a lot of Hollywood anecdotes. I don't have a lot of Hollywood anecdotes, but there's one that I'll share about this because it was really cool moment for me. Few years ago, I, as I said, I've been working as a script consultant for a long, long time and worked in different situations, but a few years ago I get a phone call and the one says, hi, my name is Tracy Nyberg. Why am I not talking? Have you not heard me the whole day? Oh, okay. Okay. I was caught up in the movie and daydreaming. I had to get back. Okay. Again. So a few years ago, I get a phone call and the woman on the other end says, hi, my name is Tracy and I work with Will Smith. I said, you mean Will Smith? Will Smith? And she said, yeah. She says, Will was wondering, he's shooting a movie right now called I am Legend. He was wondering if you would be willing to take a look at the script and they're struggling with the ending and he wanted to know if you had any suggestions for him. And I said, I think I can find the time because I had no idea Will Smith had ever heard of me before. So I thought, this is cool. So they send the script and I, in this case, I usually work one-on-one, but in this case, they just wanted comments. So I made pages of comments about the script and sent it off. And I was feeling like cool because, you know, number one movie story in the world. I thought that was neat and they're shooting the movie. So this is kind of cool. And so great. I thought the story was over and a few days later, I get a call. Hi, this is Tracy. Will wants to know if you'd be willing to get together with him to talk about the script or talk, you have a phone call with him to talk about the script. I said, yeah, I think I can find the time. So they set up a phone call. So time came. Wasn't nervous at all. But anyway, time came and he called and said, OK, here's Will. So Will Smith gets on the phone. And so I said to him, OK, look, I know you want to talk about the movie, but first you let it, God, let me do the fan thing for a minute. He said, OK. And so I said, there's two things I want to tell you. First of all, there's a moment in pursuit of happiness. When you find out about the job, how many have seen pursuit of happiness? OK, then you know what I'm saying I'm talking about. When you find out about the job that you've been wanting so much, and I said, I think that should be used in every acting school in the country as an example of how you should underplay a scene. And he said, well, the fact is, the main reason I wanted to do that movie is so I could play that scene. So I thought that was cool. And then I said, and the other thing is, I want you to know that one of my favorite movies is Hitch. I just think it's terrific. And I actually use it in lectures as an example of a well-written script and particularly a well-written romantic comedy. And he said, well, here's the thing. When we were working on the script for that movie, we kept asking ourselves, are these two people behaving the way Michael Hague says they should in this video? And so I thought, cool. Because in all my years, I'd never had somebody say that a movie that I was using as a good example worked because they had paid attention to something I said previously. And so it was neat. It went on. I mean, it was just one of those cool moments, one of my favorite moments in Hollywood when I got to do that. It went on that later on I got to meet him and I ended up working with him and I was heavily involved in developing Crotty Kid and I was on retainer and so on. So it went from there. But that was like the key moment. And when Tracy got back on the phone, I said, I didn't even know Will knew who I was. Do you know how? And she said, oh yeah, he talks all about it at the time and it's this video or there's an audio too that we're going to be offering later when you go on the break, they're going to be out there. And if you want to review what I've talked about here with the Heroes 2 Journeys, that's the thing you want to get because this is the video. And also as I said before, this is an all day lecture I gave with Chris Bogler who wrote Writers Journey. I also brought a couple of my two books on screenwriting and pitching for those of you who might be interested in that. But this is the one I thought would be of most help to you. Okay, so that's my Hollywood anecdote. So now I want to talk about the inner journey. Oh, and there's one more thing I'd like to do. I'm a little embarrassed to do this because it just seems so antiquated in light of all the stuff you do. What I have here is a very simple sign up sheet with emails. If you want to be on my newsletter and there's no up by or anything, it's just a newsletter where I talk about different aspects of story, just put your name and email address on this. So would you be wanting to just start these here and they can pass them around? Were you going to say what happened with I Am Legend? What happened with I Am Legend? Yeah, I guess you weren't. That was the end of the story. You said the first two things I want to talk about are about... Yeah, I wanted to tell him about Pursuit of Happiness. As far as I Am Legend, they were already shooting and almost done and all they wanted was a reaction to the ending and the ending they had at the time was completely different than the one that ended up in the movie. If you just start here and pass those around, I don't want to take up the whole thing with that but I just sign up if you want to be on the newsletter. So that was the extent of it. Are you with me here? Well, I was just coming in to hear that we just need one of those, not everybody needs one. No, not everybody needs one. It's just a list. That's why I said if you just start here and just pass them around, there's one for like each row. I don't think Dagen quite got that. I took one for this row and passed them back. The man's tired. Okay. So... It's always my fault. To understand the inner journey, the first thing you have to do is ask yourself some questions about your hero. To use and employ the inner journey in the stories you're creating, you've got to start by asking these questions about the hero of your story. And if you turn to the next playlist page three on the workbook, you can follow along or take the notes right on it if you want. And the first question you want to ask about your hero is what does my hero long for? What is my hero's longing? Now by longing, I mean a deeply held desire that a character is just paying lip service to because they're too afraid to go after it. Now this isn't the textbook definition of longing, but this is mine. It is a deeply held desire that your hero will declare they want, but they're only paying lip service to it because they're too afraid to go after it. A great example of longing is in Titanic because in Titanic as young Rose is climbing the gangplank to get on the ship, old Rose the narrator is saying to everyone else Titanic was a ship of dreams, but to me it was a slave ship because I'm paraphrasing now, but she says in essence, I long for passion, I long for adventure. Well here's the thing Rose, if what you want is passion and adventure, all you have to do is turn to that ear-fearing mother and that yachts that you're sleeping with and say mom, Cal, I'm out of here and just turn around and walk away. And I guarantee that looking like Kate Winslet does walking on the docks in Liverpool in 1912, she's going to get some adventure very quickly. The fact is, it's not that she's lying, she would love passion and adventure, but she's too afraid to go after it. She's not willing to do what's necessary to do. I would be willing to bet that almost everybody in the room has some experience of this. A lot of you may know Matt, who Matt Basak is, I work with him, he's a client of mine working on story-related stuff and he was just talking about this the other day, but raise your hand if what you're doing with your internet marketing you feel is helping people go through a process of achieving what they want. Raise your hand if you're doing that. That's like everybody, right? Either with your product or your service or so on. And I would bet every one of you have had the experience of it's not about the spending the money, but you provide them with the information or if you're coaching them, you tell them what they need to do and then you say, well, okay, we'll do this for you, we'll take care of this part and this part and this part and this part and all you're going to do is that. And then they still aren't willing to do the little bit of modicum. You've laid everything out and you've taken care of 99% of it. Finally, and they won't do that one thing to get to where you know they can go. And it's like you want to say, dude, just click the fucking mouse and you'll be rid, but they won't do that. So that's an example of someone who has a lung. They're just paying lip service to it because they're too afraid. Now some characters are so emotionally shut down that they don't even express alarming. Take a character like Will Hunting and Good Will Hunting. If you were to say to Will Hunting, so how's your life, Will? He'd say great. You say, what do you long for? Nothing. He'd say, well, life's perfect. You'd say, look, I've got a job. I'm working as a custodian. I've got a place to live. I've got my townie friends and we go out and we get drunk and get in fights and get laid once in a while. What else is there? But when we see that movie, we know immediately here's a guy who's a genius. He has a photographic memory, is a math genius, and he's working as a custodian. So there's something wrong with this picture. That character has what I call a need. Being in a need are the same thing in a way. They're both a missing piece from a character's life. Something incomplete. It's a piece missing from their soul, so to speak. The only difference is if a character has a longing, they say they want it, but they won't go after it. If they have a need, they won't even admit, even to themselves, that something's missing. So the question should really be, what is my hero's longing or need? Next question. What was my character's wound? Again, my term, but what I mean by wound is a wound is a painful experience from the past, a painful experience from the past that a character believes they have left behind, but is still determining how they behave. For any psychologist in the room, it's what's still running that person. It's a... The running are the first part. A wound is a painful experience from the past that your hero believes she's moved on from, but which is still determining her behavior. So again, in Goodwill Hunting, his wound we will learn much later in the movie is his father basically beat the shit out of him all through his adolescence. In King's Speech, he had so many wounds, I mean he had an unloving family in this maid or this nanny that locked him in a closet and it was just horrid. And all of this is still... Sorry, how to do that. It's still affecting how he behaves. Now a wound could be from any point in the past, although in story terms and movie terms anyway, usually it's something that happens in adolescence. Same in real life by the way, because nobody gets out of adolescence un-scarred, but it wouldn't have to be like in Sleepless in Seattle, the wound takes place about three days before the movie begins and that's the death of his wife. And now that pain has become so great he's just numbed himself to it. Okay, so what is your hero's wound? Next question, what is your hero's belief? When we are wounded, when we suffer a deeply painful experience, we will acquire or develop a belief. A belief about how the world works, about how people will behave or react in certain situations, usually. So take the movie Shrek. There's a scene in Shrek that I love where Shrek and Donkey are laying on the grass looking over the sky and Donkey has been trying to get Shrek to go after Princess Fiona and Shrek thinks he's nuts. Donkey keeps needling him and says, but she likes you and you're kind of a good looking guy in your own way and whatever. And Shrek's answer is, forget about it. And Donkey says, oh I get it, this is one of those ogres or like onions things. And he says, no, this is one of those mind your own business things. And Donkey says, you know, you got a problem Shrek. And Shrek answers, it's not me who has the problem, it's everybody else. They see me coming and they say, here's that big, ugly, smelly ogre and they turn and run the other way. They don't even give me a chance. And what he is revealing is when he was probably a little ogre, his wound was every time he tried to make friends or get close to anybody, they turn and run the other way. So out of that experience, his belief is, well, if I try and get close to anybody, they're going to turn and run the other way. Now here's the thing about a belief that comes from a wound. Beliefs that grow out of wounds are never accurate, but they are always logical. Beliefs that come from wounds are never accurate, but they're always logical. Take Rain Man. Here's a guy who when he was like two and a half or three years old, his brother was taken away, his mother died and his father abandoned him. What's his belief? Anybody I love disappears. Well he only had three people in his whole life and they all disappeared and they were the ones he loved. It's a very logical belief. Isn't true, it is not accurate, but it always makes sense. Okay, next question. What is my character's fear? When we are wounded and we develop this belief, that belief is always going to instill some fear. In essence, I don't want to make this too complicated, basically we're afraid of suffering the pain of that wound again. So when Shrek was wounded and developed the belief, well if I try and get close to anybody, they'll disappear. His fear is of trying to get close to anybody, just like Charlie Babet in Rain Man. His fear is loving anybody. In King's speech, his wounds, he gave him the belief, I'm worthless. Basically, I don't even belong in this family. So his fear is ever being called on to take a mantle of responsibility like his brother and father have to. Okay? But all of this is really to point you to or to lead up to what I consider the money idea. It's like the money shot, that's from Grant Kay. And that is the question, what is your hero's identity? Now I'm going to give you the definition of identity and you're going to want to immediately say could you repeat that, so I will. Because it's kind of long, but you'll get it when I say it. I'm not giving you the definition just a second, I'll warn you. Here's the idea. The idea is when we're wounded and we acquire this belief that instills this fear, we have to armor ourselves from what we're afraid of. We have to protect ourselves emotionally. But it's just like a knight in armor. It's a covering. It's something to keep us from being wounded again. So what I term an identity is, a character's identity is the false self that a character creates to protect herself from the fear that was instilled by the belief that grew out of the wound that happened long, long ago. Did you do it again? I told you. I knew somebody did. Yes. But identities are the false self. The false self we present to the world to protect us from the fear that was instilled by the belief that grew out of the wound that happened long, long ago. Now, not to make it too complicated, it's really a pretty simple idea. When we suffer great pain, we never want it to happen again. So to protect ourselves, we're going to create some sort of emotional armor that isn't the truth of who we are, that we present to the world. So in Shrek, what does Shrek do? He's afraid of getting close to anybody. So what is his identity? He becomes the big, ugly, scary ogre and he builds a barbed wire fence around his house that says, keep out. The best symbol you could have for somebody who's deeply in need of connection. He's afraid of connecting, so he says, everybody keep out. He chases them away before they can reject him. For Tom Crue, for Charlie Dabbit and Ray Mann, he cuts himself off. For the guys in wedding crashers. They're so afraid of anything resembling commitment. That's why very subtly in that opening scene, when he makes that speech, it's not you that's the problem, it's the institution of marriage. It's a whole diatribe on exactly what his belief is because that protects him from whatever, I don't know, it doesn't reveal what his wound was, but his, their identity is we get close to nobody. That's why, I mean, literally they put on a false self. They take on a false identity and they claim their, I don't know what it is, wool growers or something from New Hampshire or whatever that is. But one last question. What is your hero's essence? If you could strip away all of that emotional armor, all of that facade, it's, those of you who have studied Jungian psychology or even if you've not, it's, it's what he refers to as the persona, which I think in Greek times meant a mask. In fact, if, if you've seen gladiator, the midpoint is when he takes off the mask, the point of no return is when he reveals who he really is. And in Shrek, it's when he takes off the helmet and shows Fiona who he really is. Okay. So, so if you could take all that away, if you could take away all that emotional armor that, that we think we need or the character thinks he needs to protect himself, what would be left? What would be left is that character's essence. I have a close friend who's a therapist and he refers to this as a person's truth. And I love that term. I love that label for it because it's like, who are you really, if we could get underneath, if you could take away all that protection. Now in story terms, in movie terms, think of the character's essence as who they have the potential to become if they could find the courage. So let me tell you how this works in a story. Here's the thing, here's, here's the thing when you're creating a story that you're writing. You become God. Okay. It's a perk, you know. I don't mean a perk is to have it right, but this is a perk because you are God over the universe you're creating in this story. You call the shots. So in terms of the inner journey, it's as if you, it's as if God, you're saying to your character, I hear what you want, but the only way you can have that is if you will step out of your identity and live in your essence. That's the rule in movies. Certainly the rule in Hollywood movies. If the hero of a Hollywood movie wins, they must have left their identity and moved into their essence. If they do not leave their identity and move into their essence, they must lose. That's a tragedy. That's what, that's my definition of a tragedy. Great example of a tragedy recently is Brokeback Mountain because no matter how much we want or we understand how fearful Ennis is, because his wound was he and his father saw those two gay guys who had murdered back in Wyoming when he was young in adolescence, no matter how much we sympathize, he never finds the courage to step out of his identity, which was literally straight guy, to declare his love for Jake. And because of that, he ends up in the end of the movie with a flannel shirt, with an empty jacket or an empty shirt. He's a tragic figure. A sad ending isn't necessarily a tragedy. There are lots of movies that are unsad because somebody dies or whatever. But the only question in the inner journey level is did they find the courage to transform before they died or before whatever it is that happened? And they must have achieved their goal before that happens. That's the rule. So let's take another example. Let's take Titanic. So in Titanic, the God of that universe would be James Cameron. In this case, James Cameron is God. By the way, a role I think he would be very comfortable with because I've seen him in interviews. Okay, but anyway, so he's saying, okay, Rose, I hear what you long for. Remember? I long for passion. I long for adventure. I'd like you to meet Jack. Okay, that's the Leo de Caprio character. This guy is passion on a stick. Okay? In fact, he's nothing but passion. He's got no money. And he's yours for the taking. I'm not even going to make you work. I'm going to have him fall in love with you at first sight. He's yours. There he is. Oh, there is just one catch. The only way you can have him is if you are willing to step out of your identity and into your essence. So why doesn't she just say, okay, by Cal, won't be the kept woman anymore. That's her identity and go with it. Because here's the thing about our identities. They are great constructions. They have one job and one job only, and that is to keep us emotionally safe. And they do it brilliantly. And the way they do it brilliantly is because we believe our identities are who we really are. It's not as if Shrek could say, well, I know I'm really a good creature and I could be friends and so on, but I was wounded. So now I've created this identity. If he was that evolved, he'd already be halfway to his essence. Now for it to work, we have to believe that's who we truly are. So if God is saying to Rose, you can have this guy, but who you think you are ceases to exist. There's only really one word we have for what happens when who we are ceases to exist and that's death. So in other words, what you're saying to the hero of your story is you can have what you need or have what you long for, but it's going to kill you. In fact, the death of one's identity is very often a lot more frightening than physical death. Hence, suicides. Rose in Titanic would rather jump into the sea than just leave that guy and move into her essence. That frightening. And remember at the beginning I said the inner journey is a journey from fear to courage. I'm going to modify that now that you've heard these terms. The inner journey for your hero is a journey from living in his identity to living in his essence. And that's what's known in Storyteller of Hollywood Circles as a character's arc. A character's arc, A-R-C. You know, an arc. I don't have a pen, but you know. And it must be an arc. In a story you can't have an aha moment. That's a bad story. It must take the entire journey for the hero to find fully the courage to transform and live their potential and become their essence. And that tug of war between living in our identity and living in our essence, the pull in those two directions, that's what's known as inner conflict. Because the choice we are all given is this. You can be safe and unfulfilled or you can be fulfilled and scared shitless. And you pay your money and take your choice. And I'll tell you now, I'll get to this more, but I'll tell you right now, as much as, I don't have the money and so on, this is what you're up against in anybody you're trying to persuade to do anything. Because given a choice between safe and happy, we will pick safe most of the time. So when you tell your story, you're not just telling your story about someone who, you know, was in bad shape and then they did this and then they did this and then they did this and then they did this. If you really want that story to be rich, you've got to also tell us what their identity was at the beginning. You might tell us the wound and where it came from anyway and how they overcame that tug of war, how they transformed from living in their identity to living in their essence. But here's the cool thing. If you flip back in the workbook to that chart, the outer journey and the inner journey are not exactly separate. They must be intertwined, but here's the cool thing. Not only is the inner journey for your character also structured in a predictable way, it follows exactly the same structure. The stages of the outer journey are also the same exact stages of the inner journey. So I'm going to go through this a little bit quick because you already know what the stages are. I'm just going to tell you how it relates to the inner journey. In the setup, when we first meet the hero of the story, she is living fully in her identity. Rose is completely the kept woman. Shrek is completely the ogre. The wedding crashes are completely cut off from any sort of connection to anybody except each other and so on. We meet that character living fully in his identity, fully protected. So when you tell a story, the hero of that story must always begin the story stuck. They are stuck. I don't mean to be, keep picking on Dagen, but here's the stories I've heard most. But my guess is that that day that you in your story said you were looking around and you weren't very happy and you thought, is that all there is? I'd be willing to bet that was not the first time it ever entered your mind that there might be something better. I'd be willing to bet that that pull had been going on for a while before you finally decided to do something else about it. That the first time it occurred you just didn't start acting. Is that true? Yeah, probably. Absolutely. Well, he said probably because sometimes he might have been in denial. But we'll always, I mean you have to have been stuck for a while. And that's how you want to first, when you introduce your hero, besides all those other things for empathy and so on, show that that character is stuck. Then they're presented with an opportunity. They move into stage two, figuring out what's going on. In stage two, your hero is still fully in her identity, but she gets a glimpse of what living in her essence would be like. There's a scene in Shrek that's great. He's in his identity and his home is invaded by fairytale creatures. That's the opportunity. And so he goes out and he tries to be the big, ugly, scary ogre. And he says, I'm going to find this Lord Farquaid and I'm going to tell him to send you all back where you came from. Trying to be in his identity. And all the fairytale creatures go, yay! And they all start cheering. And he's like, what the hell is this? Nobody's ever cheered for him before. And then there's these two bluebirds that look like refugees from Snow White or something. And they drape these flowers over his shoulder. And he's like this. And then he shrugs them off. He doesn't like this at all. Because of course it's completely foreign. But it's giving him a glimpse of what being in his identity would be. Living in his essence might look like. Then the hero comes to the change of plans. That's when the hero is going to start pursuing the goal. Well, the rule is they can't get the goal without being in their essence. So he can't stay in his identity and pursue this goal. So he moves into his identity, into his essence, I'm sorry, and starts pursuing the goal. But it's scary as all get out. So he's going to retreat back into his identity. But then he remembers, oh no, I want to go after this. And he goes back into his essence. And then he retreats back and then goes back. And in Titanic you'll see this. Just roses going up and down the decks of the ship. Top deck with Cal in her identity. Bottom deck with Jack in her essence. That's when the greatest vacillation between the two is going on. When the hero gets to the point of no return and makes that full commitment, what they are saying is, OK, I'm putting both feet in. And from that point in the story on, it is a steady progression toward their essence. It's not vacillating so much anymore. There are more, OK, I'm doing this. But the outside world is closing in. By the way, this is when, when you're working with someone and helping them get to whatever goal you're leading them to, this is when all their friends and family tell them how full of shit they are and how full of shit you are and you're just a scam artist and they should never do this. What did JT say? Well, we've heard those stories. I don't know. Well, there you are. Because you said somebody came in and said, this is stupid. You're going to fail. That was the outside world closing in after you crossed the point of no return, which was when you spent all that money you said you spent even though you weren't getting a return right away. OK? But steadily, steadily, the character is in their essence until things, the major setback, that's when something happens that is so overwhelming and terrifying your hero gives up. And I haven't heard a lot of stories this weekend that incorporate that retreat. And I would think about adding that. Because the people are reading this story, it's going to happen to them, I guarantee, and they might even imagine, and if they know that it might happen or they hear it in story form, at least they're a little more ready, so they retreat. So this is when the hero retreats to their, I say go back to the setup, but what they're really trying to go back to is living in their identity. But once we've lived in our truth, our identities don't really cut it anymore because we can no longer believe that that's who we truly are because we had this experience of something else. And now, we're really in a dilemma. That's why there's that retreat is so painful like in wedding crashers. He's miserable, crashing funerals and he's just sitting there until Vince Vaughn shows up, he looks, he's just wasted and looks horrible. Until finally, the character realizes, I don't care how scary it is, this is for it. Because now I'm not only, at least I was safe before and ignorant, now I know what's going on and I don't feel safe now and I'm miserable too. So that's when they make the final push and that's when they reach the climax. And if they have found the courage to be in their essence fully, they will win at the climax. And the aftermath is you showing the picture of a character reaping the rewards of having move fully into her essence. Remember I said those circles for the cave points? Here's what I would say about that. When it comes, that's where the moments of fear occur because that's asking for some change. Remember it's always in a new direction. That's when you're going to bump into their identity most. And the main way I think you can combat that, and there's many ways to approach this, but the main thing to understand is this. Passion trumps fear every time. Passion trumps fear every time. So if you need to confront their fear, the way you can help them overcome it is instilling them a passion. In other words, what you want to do when you're persuading somebody is you want to keep showing them the aftermath. You want to keep showing them the new life they're going to live. But you've got to figure out or cover all the bases because for most people that aftermath is not just going to make a lot of money. Some people are just really passionate about money, that's fine. But mostly it's just a tool to get something else they're passionate about. Keep reminding them you've got to be what I call the character's reflection. You've got to be the character in a movie that is there to support them in their outer vision. While at the same time you're holding the character's feet to the fire saying, this isn't you, what are you doing? You can't do this. Just think of donkey, think of Vinspawn in wedding crashers. They're always there saying, in my best friend's wedding George is gay friend. He'll do whatever she wants, but he keeps saying to her, why are you going after this guy who doesn't love you? The reflection is the character will help with the outer journey, but force the character to face the truth and overcome their inner conflict. One last thing, and then I'm going to let you go and give you a surprise, and you can go buy a lot of stuff, is I want to leave you with one last thought. If you want to figure out the inner conflict for a character, here's another way you can do it. You'll have to jot this down. Ask yourself, how would my hero fill in the blank to this question, to this statement, I'll do whatever it takes to achieve my goal. Just don't ask me to blank. Now wait, you got to ask this because that's just not me. I'll do whatever it takes to achieve my goal. And by the way, sidebar, if I didn't make this clear way back when, when you're creating stories, the more specific, clear, invisible the goal is, the better the story is going to be. Don't talk about making somebody rich, talk about a very specific thing that they can picture that's the goal for that journey. Okay, how would they fill in the blank? I'll do whatever it takes to achieve my goal. Just don't ask me to blank. Because that's just not me. I'm going to leave you with one last piece of advice. Because as I said, this is not just about stories or even persuasion, it's also about real life. You're learning an immense amount of stuff this weekend about how to do a whole lot of things that are going to both improve your career and improve your life. I have one thing to add. My advice is tonight, when you go home or tomorrow after the weekend's over, go off by yourself and ask yourself, how would you fill in the blank to that statement? Now, to fill in the blank, you first of all have to establish a goal. It's got to be more than just, I'm here so I can make more money. That's not, you can't get passionate about that at all. You've got to figure what is the next major step you want to take in your career? Is it, I want to get to this level of finance? Is it something you want to buy? Is it, is it, you want to retire? Whatever it is, I don't know. Whatever it is, establish that and then fill in the blank, you'll do whatever it takes to do that except this one thing. If you can figure out what that one thing is, that deep down is stopping you because you're not willing to do it because you believe that's just not me. I have no idea what it is. You can never know. It'll be different for each one of you. Is it that you don't want to invest more money? You don't want to make certain kinds of, you know, send out email, things, whatever it could be. Only you can figure that out. But you're looking, you're not looking at the first thing that pops into your head. It's not that old song. The first thing that pops into your head is what your identity wants you to think your obstacle is. No, you got to stay there. You'll know you've hit it because writing it down is not going to feel good because it's going to scare you. But if you can identify what that is, awareness is the first step to transformation. And I guarantee you, if you can just do it and then share it with other people, close people who can be your reflection and just stay aware, that's all you need to do to begin with is be aware. Notice when that's stopping you and every time you realize it is, refocus on what that goal is and what the aftermath would be to achieving that goal. So you get in touch with your own passion. And I guarantee you, if you can do that, not only will you do all the things you're learning how to do from everybody else, but you will feel even more fulfilled with it. Otherwise, I'd just like to say, this was great fun for me. I really appreciate your great group. I hope I can be of help to you at some point. In fact, you're going to be, I don't want to be a spoiler, but you might be given some opportunities for that later on tomorrow. But otherwise, thank you so much for having me here. I just really enjoyed it. Thank you.