How can we make the actual value of this thing more? And so the first thing that happens in conventional selling is what do we do? We talk about value added selling, right? And how can we differentiate from a competitor by being open 24 hours a day instead of 12 hours a day or having live tech support instead of not live tech support or how can we do value add? In the direct marketing world we start to think about, well, what can we bundle with this thing that doesn't necessarily cost us a lot but adds to its bulk when I piled up here in front of you and adds to its value story often. If you bought these eight things individually they'd add up to this but now in a bundle they're only this. So you say that's sort of the way we start to play with value, right? And so what do they do in a pizza business? Bigger pizza, more toppings, right? The restaurants are bundling three items at a certain price. So that's all focused on what is this thing worth? But the real issue here is different worth for different people in their perceptions. So you've got to disconnect from all of the traditional, normal, or industry norm ways that value tends to be measured and presented in whatever your category is. Usually for service providers and professionals it's by the hour. And so there's a lot of pricing that's done by the hour. Sometimes it's by bulk. How much of this thing do you get? It's by basic function. So if you watch right now for some reason there's five different infomercials running on cell and vacuum cleaners and floor sweepers. I have no idea why but nevertheless they are. And if you watch them all they're in a competition over function. So this one has a round ball instead of four things on the corners so it can go around corners easier. But it isn't worth a crap at getting down low and going under a piece of furniture because it's got this big damn ball on it. So the guy on the other show has got one that's got little tiny things into four corners and goes really, really, really, really flat. But you can't get the thing around a corner to save you. So they're in a big argument aired on national television over function. Who's got the best function and which function is more important and more valuable than the other? None of them in any way, shape or form transcended the idea that they're someone of vacuum cleaner. Now since I'm not getting paid to figure that out I haven't figured that out but I assure you there's an answer to it. There's a way to transcend the whole discussion. And a lot of people then play the value game by comparison and competition. So what are these guys doing? What are we going to do? So you guys have coffee makers in your hotel rooms? Right. Well now, almost every year you could stay in a flea bag and they got a coffee maker in the hotel room. But at one time that was a value differentiator. Nobody had coffee makers in the rooms. Somebody decided to put them in. And for a brief moment in time they were able to make a big deal out of that. But hard to sustain that as a value differentiator because it's so easy to replicate. So all this thinking stays in the area of intrinsic value. And at a certain point the really high earners transcend all of that and approach value very, very, very differently. So there's intrinsic value and there's intangible, personal and unique value. All the money's in the intangible, personal and unique.