Welcome to the corruption Institute. All right. I'm going to be on 57 in a minute or two here. So picking up where we left off is, if we're going to talk about value, this first big point is the necessity in your own mind. It's already disconnected in there, as you just don't know it, is disconnecting value from the idea of being or getting better. You create value there, but you can only create so much value, and then better than betterest doesn't matter. It doesn't buy you anymore. It doesn't help you anymore. And in some respects, it can hinder. So when we start to talk about creating value, we want to talk about, first of all, of course, their terms, not yours, how they think about it, not how you think about it. And so why is a day at Disney more valuable than a day at Six Flags? They're both fundamentally amusement parks. Why? Okay. Because, Susan, you said the brand, people's connection to Disney is a different and better connection than their connection to Six Flags. You said the experience, you think the experience is better. It's a creation of a different experience. It's a different experience. That's correct. In some respects, the lines are shorter probably at most of the Six Flags rides. So now we're into how do you define experience. But okay, so there's an experience factor. Bragging rights. Bragging rights. I took my kids to Disney. Our family went to Disney versus our family went to Six Flags. Bragging rights. Dan? Alright, there's more going on. It's more interactive. More involvement. Cocktail story. Yeah, it's a better story, right? You're almost certainly going to come out of there with a better story. Okay. Alright. Maybe the experience is the only thing here we've named that has intrinsic value. The rest of it is all very subjective. And more importantly, it's all replicatable even though Disney has a generational head start on you. But it's all replicatable. Everything that we just said can be moved to your customer, your client, your prospect in some way, shape, or form. And it's why there's such a great case study is because in fact they are manufacturing value out of things that are not intrinsic. Then if you think about what's important to a person, right? So this, right? This puppy, by the time, not a good picture, I'll probably drive it on Saturday if it's not pouring rain. So this puppy, between what I paid for and what automotive specialties here got out of my pocket to get the thing so it runs three days in a row. Well, you know, they're not near as much fun when they all start. I could go buy a new Lexus. So is it intrinsically more valuable than a new Lexus? Of course not. If I go to sell it, it won't be as valuable as a new Lexus. If I sell it to somebody who's not a collector, it's definitely not more valuable than a new Lexus. I doubt you can even find a Blue Book price for it, can you? It's too old, they have a Blue Book price. But to me, more valuable, this is the other one in case you hadn't seen it, more valuable than a new Lexus. So that value is not intrinsic at all. That value is very personal to the individual. So when you think about now creating value, the truth is that most people are all focused on the intrinsic.