That's a value. The consumer is more excited. That's a value. The consumer feels better about having spent the money. That's a value. The consumer has a story to tell. That's a value. That's real value. It's not artificial. It's not a scam. It's real value. And this shift here, it's very hard for people to make. You may give it lip service that it's okay with you, but you really need to think about it because it's critically important. So let's talk a little bit about our economy now and soon and how this applies. There is legitimately reduced spending capacity. Mostly money just hides, but this time actually some money disappeared. It's actually gone. And there's more disappearing. It's a miracle we've never been able to achieve before, but we are now. It's just evaporating. It's gone. There's reduced spending capacity because of the way people have learned how to spend, which was houses, ATM, and 140% of income, right? And to a great degree, that's gone. And out the back end, it's not going to come back easily. There is actually going to be less spendable dollars floating around for quite some time to come. In some product and service categories, in some markets, in some geographies, if you're geography limited, that's more or less true, right? But it is true. So what that means is that we need to do different things in order to get the money than we have done before. There's less of it, different behaviors required to get it. Then add to the capacity issue a willingness issue. And the willingness issue now is, in some cases, anxiety, fear, worry-based. I don't want to spend because of what might happen. That hasn't happened, but it might. I might lose my job. I might get sick and not have health. So there's some of that. In certain circles, there's an unwillingness to spend because it's unseemly. And we don't want to be seeing spending money wildly or inappropriately. So that has set him. I was in New York, I don't know, last week or the week before. I don't remember which. And flew into the private air terminal, Tito borough, and was asking the limo guy. And he said shortly after the whole Wall Street deal, the media was like actually camping out there to catch people coming off of private planes and take their pictures. And he said, you know, it looked like, he said, Ken Lewis landed, did it look like a purple walk? He's like running to his limo with his raincoat over his head while people are snapping pictures of him. And I guess it all, if it wasn't in New York Times, it was all up on the web and stuff the next day. So there's this huge reluctance. He said traffic in and out of Tito borough is like a third of what it was. And so one limo company has just left the whole place. And another one has only a few cars designated to it and so forth. Because it's not cut, they didn't like crash all the planes. The planes still exist. It's just right now, nobody wants to be seen laying in there and getting in a limo. So there's some of that unwillingness. There's even a, what I call the affluent resistance movement of not spending purely out of spite as a means of political protest. So there's some of that out the back hand is going to be a more thoughtful spending. Not to be confused with more intelligent spending. So I don't mean to suggest that. I only mean more thoughtful. By that I mean that they will be looking for more value when they spend. But now everybody's saying that. So I haven't said anything, you haven't heard 6 million other places and that isn't being said all the time and it isn't even sort of obvious.