And the sales letter went from the Gravette family coordinator who went on the trip. Now the tour is the same. The higher tour company in France or Italy or Germany or Ireland or wherever all these trips went. And that tour guide does the tour. And fundamentally it's exactly the same tour you would buy just normally at between four and six times the price. All right? Big multiple. All right? Rip off. Scam. Or real value worth the six times multiple. What do you think? Up to the person. Well of course it's up to the person. Of course it is. But is the person being ripped off or taken advantage of? You sure? You sure? They're being sold something for six times what they could pay, what they could get it for purely on a faulty and fraudulent premise. Hmm? Ah, but they're val- well it doesn't matter if we do it all the time. That doesn't make it right. Good grief. You just flunked ethics 101. I mean please. Well, but what's their value for their six times multiple? Like the $59,000 of the $60,000 watch. Well their value is they have much better time and they got a much better story to tell. That's their value. The value they got is being on a unique trip with other Gravettes. You can't have a better backyard barbecue story than that. We went to France for five days with 400 other Gravettes and here's these Gravettes. They live in Indiana and here's these Gravettes and they got five dogs and one of the dogs rides a bicycle. And here's these Gravettes and here's these Gravettes and here's these Gravettes. And some of them they now correspond and send each other pictures. If it was today's world, my God, they'd all be on Facebook and they'd all have them all linked together and they'd all, this is all before any of this. This is done with direct mail and the phone. But the value, see the value, there's real value there to the person. Great value there for the person. And that's where we've got to get to in order to really take a lot more money from people for what we deliver to them, which is getting from six to seven figures. So back to down to earth example. So the diagnostics in the carpet cleaning business. So in company A they arrive, you go down to Starbucks, three hours later you come back and you've got perfectly and pristinely clean carpets. In version B the diagnostic tech arrives in his diagnostic uniform with his magic diagnostic stain finding wand. He leads you and his camera and he leads you around your house and with his wand he finds all the stains. And when the wand glows green it's a food stain and when it grows pink it's a dog pee stain and it's this kind of stain and he's got different colored little flags to put depending on when it is. So the guy cleaning knows what kind of stain it is and doesn't miss any stains and with the camera he takes before pictures of all these stains. Then you go to Starbucks, maybe he goes to Starbucks, I don't know, he leaves. The same cleaning guys show up as an example A with the same equipment, the same soap, they clean the carpets, you come back three hours later the carpets are pristinely and perfectly clean and the technician takes you around with the before pictures and compares them to the after and leaves you all the pictures and a souvenir flag. Is there any more intrinsic value in B than in A? Well of course not, the outcome is identical. Carpets clean in three hours. It's exactly the same thing. There is no difference whatsoever. But is there a value difference? Not just a perception of value difference, is there a value difference? Sure there is for the consumer. The consumer is happier.