Their report of findings, play the videotape back, critique them, do it again, play it back, critique them, help them get better, on stage and in front of everybody. Because that speeds the process up, it makes you focus. Near-death experiences improve concentration, so for them that was a, well, that's true. So having paid $35,000, they would all run and hide. You had to go prime out of their hotel room, like they're under the bed when it's their turn, and drag them to the room because for them that was extremely painful. And in order to get good at it, they had to go through this period of pain. So we get paid because we're willing to manage employees and other people aren't. Because we're willing to deal with lawyers and litigation and risk of litigation and other people aren't. It's one of the things we get paid for. We get paid for foresight, the ability to see into the future. And the chief value that we get paid for is not a value that really is what the consumer is paying for, it's the value of being able to get stuff done. Because truthfully, most people can't get anything done. So our ability to get things done is what we're really getting paid for. I gave you some value creators, some backup information. I'll just quickly skim through a few things that are here for you. So you will find an article about an attempt to sanitize the tattoo industry. And so a tattoo is a tattoo, is a tattoo, or is it? And there's some key language in this article about what they are trying to do that I think is clever and important. They're changing the place of the tattoo parlor. They're connecting it to the familiar. So we're putting it in shopping malls where people are already used to getting their ears pierced and teeth whitened. New associations other than it's down by the docks in a place that you risk your life in going to. It's been helped by television. This company is trying to build a lifestyle brand. There's a lot of lessons in this article. It's a great analogy, by the way, to what we're trying to do with the barber clubs. The next article I gave you, which you can again look at at your leisure, but it's a company you're probably familiar with. It's an article about the 1-800-GOT-JUNK guys. One of the ways they're creating value is by organizing a fragmented industry. So this is an industry made up of guys with pickup trucks and classified ads. We'll come to your house and we'll all junk. So they're taking a very disorganized, very fragmented industry and sort of standardizing it. Dean really is doing the same thing with direct mail. So when you see Dean on Saturday, here's one of the things that you want to be aware of. One of the reasons that small business never really uses direct mail well and never has is because there's no salesman of direct mail arriving at their door. Now they use merge mail because Valpac has a standardized thing and a guy who sells it, who shows up and sells it. They've always used yellow pages for the same reason, but all direct mail, not that. They got to like figure it out on their own for the most part and then there's a printer maybe and there's a mailing house maybe and there's Kinko's and there's no organization to it. So you don't really change it, but you create value by organizing it.