So, let's take something you're all familiar with. Let's take a celebrity speaker at a seminar. So, how many of you are at the super conference with Gene Simmons? Okay? So in Gene's case, how many would you agree that there was some intrinsic value in the sense of content? You got useful ideas, you got some, raise your hand. Okay. All right? Now, how many of you got some of the other kind of value? Of course. All right? Now, let's assume there had been no intrinsic value. Let's assume there was no idea worth even jotting down. He entertained, he told a story, he showed his DVD, he wore the costume, he came out in the face paint, but he didn't have a damn thing useful to say. But you got to see Gene Simmons up close. You got your picture with Gene Simmons. If you're, Gene flirted with you a little bit, you got your, that guy that brought his box of eight tracks, and Gene, you got all your eight tracks signed. All of that, you would still be thrilled most at us having had him there if all he delivered was the IPU value. And in reality, most people couldn't tell you the five ideas, but they could describe the experience or what he said to them when they got the picture taken or whatever. Now, am I suggesting you deliver no intrinsic? No. No. In that particular narrow case, we always try to have a celebrity speaker that provides both, right? But there's no distinction. Value is value is value is value. And you can't let yourself feel like too much of one, not enough of the other, or this is only a 70 cent on the dollar value, and this is a dollar on the dollar value. That's income limiting thinking. So speaking of speakers, so at the success events where I spoke for nine years. So we had a lot of people who provided only IPU value. Not a single person in that audience could possibly have gotten anything useful from seeing Gorbachev speak, right? I mean, it's impossible, or for that matter, Mario Cuomo, who actually is more of a communist than Gorbachev. The other hand, I mean, so Gorbachev's up there. He's reading a speech. There's a translator switching it from Russian to English. You know, it's slower than mud. And there's not a piece of business advice in it, right? But people wanted to say they saw Gorbachev. That was their value. Some came for that express purpose. I can tell you the same thing about Colin Powell. I like Colin. Colin and I are good friends, but really, I tried to make the speech. Schwarzkopf even went a little further. So Schwarzkopf had seven leadership dooma fludges in the speech. But I mean, come on, okay? And I mean, Colin barely tried, all right? That wasn't that value. The athletes, Mary Tyler Moore on the program. You know, you could possibly get. I mean, look, I like the show too. But you know, you're not going to get a piece of business advice from her. So you're not, I mean, you're just not. I suppose somebody might get some inspiration or motivation, particularly if they're dealing with diabetes. But I mean, we're reaching, all right? The value they got is what? They saw Mary Tyler Moore. They got to go home and tell people they saw Mary Tyler Moore. A bunch of them got to go meet her on the break and say hi to her. And she was nice to them, all right? And they got nostalgia value because they grew up watching the Dick Van Dyke show, or they grew up watching the Mary Tyler Moore show, okay? Yeah, is that, so then those that stayed, I got up there and I gave them some real stuff. Did I deliver any more value than she did? Not necessarily, depends on the person, right? And what they came for and what they wanted. And is the value I delivered any more valuable than the value she delivered? Absolutely not. You got to have in your head that value is value is value is value.