Magnetic Marketing System by GKIC and Dan Kennedy is the number one best-selling program on direct marketing for businesses of all shapes and sizes worldwide. The core goal of magnetic marketing is to put easy-to-use tools into your hands that you can use to immediately experience positive results. Magnetic marketing consists of four key components. Number one, training on the foundational principles of magnetic direct response marketing. Number two, examples from multiple industries that prove these principles and show how they can be applied to any business. Number three, copyright free templates for lead generation and sales campaigns that can be rewritten and put to effective use quickly right out of the box. Number four, examples from real businesses that show how they've applied these concepts to achieve extraordinary results in their own markets. In this first training session, you'll discover why traditional advertising methods such as image advertising and cold calling don't work and instead how magnetic marketing can transform you and your products and services from unwelcome pest to trusted guest. And now, GKIC is pleased to bring you Dan Kennedy on Magnetic Marketing. Hello, this is Dan Kennedy. Welcome to the Magnetic Marketing System. If you want more and better customers, clients or patients more systematically and surely obtained, you've come to the right place. It should be reassuring to know that I am recording this in the 25th anniversary year of the Magnetic Marketing System for its latest updated edition. Over those years, it has been the number one bestselling program on direct marketing for all businesses worldwide. It is the foundation of a movement that has invaded hundreds of business, profession, industry, product and service categories, literally changing the way their customers are obtained. It has ended being advertising victims and income uncertainty for tens of thousands of small business owners and it has liberated countless sales professionals from the drudgery of cold prospecting. It is as proven as the law of gravity. I tell you this because it may require some patience from you for you to really get it and use it and because it is contrary to much of what you've probably been told, taught and come to believe about advertising and marketing or prospecting, you might too hastily reject it. Many of the most enthusiastic and grateful users of this system had the exact same initial skepticism. This system is radical in its most basic foundational concept, pull instead of push or chase, magnetic attraction in place of unwelcome stalking and hunting. I'll kick this off by talking about the discovery that could well be the most important realization you ever arrive at as a business person. It is disappointing and frustrating at first but empowering if embraced and acted on. I discovered that you can have the most wonderful product or greatest service ever invented and still starve. I discovered that you can be a spectacular salesperson and still starve. You can have a positive attitude that Norman Vincent Peale would envy and be as motivated as a participant at a Tony Robbins seminar and still starve. You can be a master closer with 365 sales closes and still starve. I discovered that you can provide great value, great service, great expertise and still starve. Your business can literally be a paragon of virtues and still let you starve unless and until you have an affordable, efficient, dependable means of attracting a sufficient flow of qualified buyers. You cannot get rich and you may very well starve and you certainly won't have peace of mind. Personally, early I went through a painful phase of thinking that I should be successful by my great attitude and by my valuable products and services. My life changed when it dawned on me that great was no better than a lousy if I had no able willing ready buyers to present great too. This is the key realization. Most business owners sort of know this but they still focus on everything but this. Their education has been about the other things. Their condition thoughts and efforts go to their deliverables and excellence with them. The restaurants, food and ambiance, the dental offices, technology and patient care. Marketing is often viewed as a mysterious but necessary evil, not as the business. You are here because you are willing to reconsider that entire paradigm and that's a very good thing. It makes you a rare bird soon to take flight way above all others. The need for more leads and more customers for lifeblood exists in businesses of all shapes and sizes but few business owners ever develop formal organized marketing systems to meet this need. Instead, they constantly seek out the one magic bullet that will solve this problem. SEO, pay per click, social media, TV, billboards, radio, print ads. They hope that someone will provide the answer. The mistake made is they immediately focus on the media without having a plan or system in mind first. They are often sold media and poor money into redoing all their websites or making new video for them into buying online traffic into some one thing to change everything. I call these random and erratic acts of and disconnected investments in attempted marketing. This is chaos. The more productive answer is to develop a system that attracts new customers to you in an organized way. A system that gives you reliability and predictable results. So you finally know when you invest X dollars, you can expect Y number of leads, then Z number of appointments or selling opportunities and a system that enables you to better target the most appropriate and valuable customers for your business. Most importantly, a system you control. There is a tendency to want to delegate all the marketing and focus on the operation of the business and the doing of its services. This is 100% wrong. At the very least, you need to really understand what marketing needs done, why and in what way so you can properly manage outside providers. Just as an example of how much trouble you can get in and have probably suffered multiple times by turning to outsiders for the marketing that needs to bring you new customers. Let me summarize the problems with the companies that are relying on ad agencies and the kind of advice they give any advertising they produce. Here are the agency's priorities. Number one media commissions, number two markups, number three, their other profit centers, number four, creative concerns, number five, peer approval, number six, portfolio building, number seven awards, number eight, satisfy the biases of number nine, satisfy the clients preconceived ideas, number 10, clients results. But frankly, most traditional advertising is deliberately engineered to defy tough minded dollars and cents accountability. Here are your priorities. Number one results, number two results, number three results. Anything and everything that has to do with traditional advertising via an ad agency is a high risk investment compared to what you can achieve through direct response advertising and direct marketing. What you are getting here in the magnetic marketing system is actually built for accountability. So do not spend money on any advertising or marketing ideas, strategies, media or services that cannot provide viciously accurate, fast measurement of return on investment, period, no exceptions, no excuses. I used to be briefly in the traditional advertising world and even the ad agency business. And the truth people don't understand about ad agencies is that they are glorified commissioned media sales representatives that are really no better and no worse than the Valpak representative who comes around and sells you Valpak advertising or the imprinted pen representative who comes around and sells you imprinted pens. Same with those pushing you into online media, website developers, search engine and traffic managers, social media agencies. Ad agencies are selling media and they are compensated based on how much media they can get you to use. So their advice is not objective advice. It is advice from a seller and it has to be viewed that way. All agencies want you doing more and more and more, thus spending more and more with them. They are not into what I teach as financial efficiency. The other thing to realize is that most ad agencies and most media representatives have a great understanding of what's called image or institutional advertising. It's what I call good year blimp advertising. When good year flies a blimp over a stadium, they don't have any illusion that at half time of the football game, 35,000 people are going to jump up out of their seats and run out and buy snow tires. They don't expect that to happen and it's a good thing they don't because obviously it doesn't. What they're hoping for and what they're buying is that over a long period of time by these sports fans seeing the good year blimp over and over and over again, they connect it with this happy, pleasant event and they have warm, nice, fuzzy feelings for good year and that someday when they have to go buy a tire, all of that comes together in their mind and causes them to buy a good year tire. I call that high risk marketing. It just seems to me that there's a straighter line to get from a person who needs tires to buying good year tires than going through all of that rigmarole of building a blimp and hiring a pilot and finding a football game and flying a blimp over it. Big companies can, I guess, afford that kind of marketing. Big companies can afford the risks of it. Does it sell tires? If so, how many? When? How will we ever know? The small business entrepreneur cannot afford that kind of high risk marketing. In fact, the kind of marketing that the small business owner typically needs is the kind where he invests a dollar in marketing today and gets it back by noon tomorrow so he can have it in the bank before the end of the day to cover the check he wrote for it in the first place. That's not going to happen with a blimp or image or institutional advertising. The only thing it can happen with is direct response advertising or direct marketing. This is derived from what used to be called mail order. The discipline of the entire mail order industry, now the direct marketing industry, is that for every dollar invested, there is a direct, typically fast and always measurable return of that dollar plus, presumably, some profit. And most media people and most ad agency people have little or no understanding of that kind of advertising and marketing, most even fear it because it is so accountable. One of the most famous admin of all time, David Ogilvy, once confessed that, quote, only the mail order people, the direct response people really know what they are doing. I'm here to tell you that if you want your marketing done by somebody who really knows what he's doing, you must own your marketing. The problem lies with the business owner trying to abdicate responsibility for generating leads and marketing their business and with it offloading control for the whole marketing process. It's a natural thing to look for a wizard for someone to hand the whole thing off to and say, just deliver me customers and I'll sit here behind my counter or I'll treat my patients or I'll watch over the food in my restaurant or whatever and be happy not having to deal with the marketing part of the business, not realizing that is the business. When you give that responsibility and that control away, you have very few options of who to give it to. Frankly, most of the people who will take it and take money along with it are really not qualified to make the marketing decisions about your business. Not nearly as qualified as you are to make those choices. So offloading the responsibility for marketing is usually a big mistake and it tends to compound. The business owner jumps from one hopefully quick fix, one magic answer, one wizard to another, continuing to write checks along the way and never getting the response that he needs to get. Most business owners start to deal with marketing and say, hey, we have to get some customers in here. What do we have to do to get customers? They jump all the way to the media stage and they start to make choices of, well, let's run an ad in the newspaper or let's send out a flyer or, hey, the val pack rep showed up last week and gave us a pretty good story. Let's put a coupon in Val pack or let's do an email campaign. Let's sign up with constant contact or another service. Let's get busy with Facebook. They deal with the media choices without strategies about what it is they want to communicate and who they want to communicate it to and then what the best ways are to find and reach those people. So they're really out ahead of their skis. Instead, what the smart business owner has to do is gain enough knowledge so that he is informed, educated and strategic when he does deal with service providers and when he does pay for media. The lion's share of whatever his budget is has got to be invested in methods, media and marketing that is results measurable so he can track what he gets for his dollar. He has to learn to say no to other things, no matter how siren the song and no matter how ego appealing it may be to be on radio or television. No matter how many people are telling him you have to be on Instagram. Maybe, maybe not. The questions of who you are trying to reach and attract and where they are, how your message is best presented, what time and money resources you have must all be considered. If there's not a good way to track the results you've got to be strong enough to say no. I want marketing where I can measure what I'm getting from my money. For the sales professionals listening or for business owners with salespeople, your answer is not more cold called prospecting. That is as hit or miss and inefficient as his traditional image advertising and indiscriminate use of media. Further, prospects don't like feeling stalked, hunted, badgered or drug into selling situations. If you sell for a living, the number one thing on your hate list should be cold call prospecting grunt work. My late friend Zig Ziglar would call that warm approaching to put a positive spin on it. I appreciate the spin, but I just don't see anything warm, friendly, fuzzy, happy, pleasant about this process of trying to talk to people who at least emotionally, if not physically, are backing away from you as fast as you are moving towards them. I grew up in the Midwest where we have coal mining and to me cold prospecting is like coal mining. It's dirty, filthy, ugly, smelly, sweaty work best left to people who earn minimum wage with brawn, not maximum wage with brain. Regardless of what you have done before now, as a result of this system, you should never cold prospect again. I'm going to show you how to eliminate it from your existence and change the way you attract your customers, clients, patients or donors. The key is having a magnetic marketing system of your own. A system by definition is reliable, predictable and consistent. This means that you are not running ads wondering what the results will be and it operates affordably and efficiently. This means you aren't doing old fashioned prospecting grunt work, getting erratic results and burning out from rejection. This means that you can go to bed every night knowing within a small range of variance how much business is coming in by noon tomorrow. Affordably means several things. You don't necessarily have to spend a bundle to make a bundle. With my magnetic marketing system, you can often achieve a cost per lead or cost per sale less than your past experience or your industry norms. Testing can be done inexpensively. Ultimately, you can create better value for your business, a better value or lifetime value customer. Efficiently means without lots of overhead, without lots of pointless complications, without hassle. Too many people wind up owned by their business rather than as owners of their businesses. One of the great virtues of having a business driven by magnetic marketing is its independence from your continual hands-on involvement. Some marketing can even be 90% on autopilot. About quantity and quality, the right balance. We want a lot of response, but we want qualified response too. We actually build screens into much of our magnetic marketing to automatically sift the gems from the sand before we ever have to talk with the prospective customers personally. Having a magnetic marketing system puts you in control with the ability to consistently, reliably, predictably attract qualified leads to your business. And you can get this to start working very quickly. At GKIC, incidentally, the organized automated sales funnel is a big point of emphasis, mastered and shared with every member through resources, live training and mentoring. There is special software to run such marketing. You are probably already a new GKIC member, but if not, don't delay in learning about it at GKIC.com. Let's start getting inside magnetic marketing and look at how dramatically it changes things for the better for you in attracting customers. I used to live in Phoenix and if you haven't been there, just take my word for it. There is no hotter place than Phoenix in July and August. One day I'm home alone, a week day afternoon in July. Everybody's out of the house. I've got the house to myself and I'm at the kitchen counter. I've got a pitcher of iced tea and I've got a client on the speakerphone. I'm intensely involved in a conversation with that client when someone uninvited, unexpected and unknown to me begins to ring the doorbell and bang on the front doors of my home with earthquake intensity. You work for a real living. You're not home during the day, but if you stop and think about it, the options of who can be at your home on a weekday uninvited, banging on the door are pretty slim. It's a pest. In the recession years, we knew who the pests were because all the Jehovah Witnesses and Avon ladies carpooled. Now it can be all sorts of people, but it's a pest. I did what you do with pests. I ignored it confident that if sufficiently ignored, it would go away. It didn't. I'm ignoring continuing my conversation. He's ringing and banging, ringing and banging, ringing and banging. But finally, I'm right. After ignoring him for a sufficient length of time, he gives up and leaves ever so briefly. He goes around to the rear of my property, climbs over an eight and a half foot high masonry wall with shards of glass embedded on the top to discourage this method of entry, comes down past the cactuses, the shrubs, the pool and the spa. And he's now on the patio deck immediately behind me. He can see my back to him through the panes of glass on the doors on which he is now banging with incredible violence. This is by far the most annoying pest ever, but I'm the most stubborn guy ever. I keep my back to him and raise my voice to carry on my conversation. We have the contest of wills that seems to last at eternity. Finally, he wins. I can't handle it anymore. I turn around to deal with the most annoying pest ever. It turns out the reason he's there is my entire yard is in flames. We set a record that year, 15 straight 120 degree days and everything was a little dry. My guess is some imbecile driving through the community, flipped a cigarette butt into orbit and it picked my yard, but I'll never know. But literally everything but the water in the pool is on fire. This good Samaritan who thinks I'm an idiot, which is arguable by now, is there trying to save my house. Now here's what's instructive at that precise moment in time. He went from being the most annoying pest to the most welcomed guest ever to visit the Kennedy household because he was there with just the right message at just the right moment in time. In this case, call 911 stupid. I'll work the hose. Now the reason it's instructive is because know it or not acknowledge it or not like hearing it or not the vast majority of the time that you try and communicate with your present past or future prospects, clients or customers. You are categorized as a pest, not as the most welcomed guest of the day, week, month or year. If you change that, you automatically change everything. Everything else suddenly gets easy. If you become what we call a welcomed guest marketer, there are a number of factors for achieving this status. The first and most important is to change from all other forms of advertising to what is called lead generation. Instead of cold calling or image advertising, magnetic marketing heavily relies on using lead generation that gets qualified prospects to raise their hands indicating they're interested in doing business with you. You don't force yourself on them uninvited. They come to you already interested and pre qualified. In its purest form, a lead generation ad works just like a personal's ad. It describes who you want to respond and who you do not want to respond and gets them to respond. So your perfect prospect steps out of the crowd and identifies himself to you. Fortunately, this can often be done with small, relatively inexpensive ads, enabling you to put the majority of your investable dollars and effort into follow up marketing to well qualified prospects. So a personal's ad might read like this. Single white male 38 seek single white female or divorced white female 25 to 35 into golf, travel, fine dining, rush limbaugh and a grateful dead. No pets bigger than a bread box, right? As you can see, this advertiser is described who and what he wants and who and what he doesn't want. A trick to keep in mind is the tighter the description, the more likely you'll get exactly the respondents you want, although usually at the expensive quantity, the looser the description, the greater the quantity of response, but the less likely you'll get the respondents you want. Last, we had something we call a lead generation magnet, an LGM to stimulate response. So let's try an example. Let's say that the perfect prospect for your service is an experienced, successful corporate executive, frustrated and concerned with his lack of personal financial security and wealth. Your ad might read something like this. Attention, are you a corporate executive with at least 10 years career experience, a good income, success, but worry that you are not turning that income into wealth and financial security quickly and systematically enough. If you earn at least $100,000 a year, have 10 plus years career experience, own your own home and are so busy with the demands of your career, you have little time or energy for personal finances. My free report, Breakthrough Wealth Building Strategies for Super Busy Executives, will be of interest to you. Please do not respond if you are completely satisfied with the amount of taxes you pay, the return on your investments and the pace of your personal wealth accumulation, or if you are close minded to new ideas. If you qualify as described above, you should read my report before you deposit your next paycheck. For details and free reports sent by mail, confidentially to a home or office, call free recorded message 1-800-INCERT-NUMBER-Anytime. Or let's assume you consult with people about buying the right computer and software for their needs. Your ad might read something like this. Warning, before you buy a computer or costly software, there are 19 little known facts and insider secrets store clerks don't know and can't tell you to get your money's worth and to get the results you really need and want. If you are thinking about buying a computer or software this weekend, don't until you read this computer industry experts, provocative free report, how to avoid computer ripoffs, save money, avoid frustration and get exactly what you need. No more, no less. Savvy buying secrets revealed. This report could save you hundreds of dollars and hundreds of hours of frustration. For details and your free report, call the truth line, free recorded message 1-800-INCERT-NUMBER. You'll notice I used phone numbers and free recorded messages. You could add or substitute websites, although that does raise questions about the wisdom of driving a prospect from offline, engage directly and only with you online where there is a whole world of competition. But that's a discussion too complex for this time and place. Now, before I get into the nuts and bolts of what you need to have in place before using these kinds of ads, let me get something off the table. It's the most common objection we hear and we've been hearing it for decades. But this stuff can't work in my business. For most of your continuing education, whatever business you're in, here's what you've been doing. You belong to a national association totally made up of people in your business. You belong to a state or local association totally populated by people in your same business. You go to conventions, meetings and conferences organized by, put on for and put on by and attended by people in your same business. If you go to a strange town, you look around to see what everybody else in your business is doing. You read books written by people in your business. We have a technical term for this. It's called marketing incest because it works just like real incest. In a short period of time, everybody gets dumber and dumber and dumber and dumber until the whole thing just grinds to a creeping halt. All great advancements in businesses come from outside the box, not inside the box. As a consultant, I get to go over and work with industry A and because everybody's myopic, while I'm over there I notice something that's phenomenally effective. Hardly anybody else outside their business is doing it, but could be. I borrow it from industry A and I take it back and I teach it to industry A. That's how this whole system of magnetic marketing came to be. It works, but if you're like almost every other small business owner, there are three self-destructive myths of running your business that we must deal with and eliminate from your thinking right from the start. Number one is that you have to be self-destructive. You have to be self-destructive. You have to be self-destructive. You have to be self-destructive. You have to eliminate from your thinking right from the start. Number one, my business is different. Number two, my advertising has to fit in with industry norms because, and fill in the blank with any reason you like, number three, tacky mail order kind of advertising doesn't work and makes me look silly. None of those concerns has any basis in reality. This stuff certainly can work in your business and I've never seen an exception. Here is a partial list of the kinds of businesses who successfully applied magnetic marketing. Chiropractors, cleaning and chemical product manufacturers, collectibles, numismatic coins, baseball cards, art and art galleries, the computer industry, software marketing, consulting services, cosmetic and skincare products and spa's, cosmetic surgery, dental practices, financial planners, hospitals, industrial products, investment products and services, jewelry stores and artisans, multi-level and network marketing, non-profit associations and charities, pet stores, physical therapists, recreational vehicle dealers, real estate agents and brokers, retail stores of all kinds, sales organizations, trade schools, the travel industry, weight loss, nutrition and on and on and on. So there's really no business this won't work for. It also applies to all media, although soon here I'm going to zero in on one for teaching purposes. Then about it being unprofessional or embarrassing. The better term is radically different and much more effective. Yes, you may get some criticism, pushback from staff, kidding from peers, you may be uncomfortable with it until its results soothe your nerves. But please be smart about this. It is superior results that matter. We're not in junior high anymore obsessing over what other kids think about us. Let's obsess over what works. Just as an example, there's a magnetic marketing system based three-letter direct mail campaign that the owner of an auto parts store has been using non-stop for 10 years, averaging $100 back for every dollar invested getting new customers. The first letter is made to look like their kids wrote it with crayons. It's from the kids. It's full of misspelled words. It's sloppy, obviously childish. The tire manufacturer they're associated with that offers shops co-op ad dollars refused to give them any for mailing this letter because it is amateurish. They told the shop owners, surely you can do better than this. Well, it'll be hard to do better than $100 for every dollar invested. So I want you to get out of your own way, ignore the criticism from others, be different and worry only about what works. Now we can get busy building out your magnetic marketing system. It has three big building blocks. Number one, a truly compelling, preferably irresistible marketing message. Number two, high probability target marketing that identifies only those most likely to respond. And number three, the most appropriate, effective combination of media used to deliver your message to your market. The first building block then is right message. What do you say to your marketplace to your past, present and future prospects, clients and customers that is compelling, that is magnetic, that cannot be ignored, that must be responded to, that draws them to you like a bright porch light on a dark night draws moths. Do you have a great marketing message? Most businesses don't. Second, who you say it to and by deliberate strategy, who you do not say it to. Again, most businesses don't ever put real thought into who they're trying to reach with their products and services. And third, the media, how you deliver the message to the market effectively, affordably, efficiently in a way that involves little or no manual labor and magnetically attracts people to you. There are a few ironclad rules of magnetic marketing to keep in mind and adhere to. Number one, there will always be an offer on the internet, especially. There's a popular idea that content is king. I would disagree. The sale is king. All your marketing needs to have an offer telling your ideal prospects exactly what to do and why they want to do it right now. It should be irresistible and time sensitive and give them some kind of transformative value if they take action. This is not just an implied offer like a store running ads has. We're here. Come on in. This should not be a common offer like the sale of the century this weekend only. More often, it will be a lead generation offer as we've discussed. A great deal of thought needs to go into your offer itself. Number two, there will be a reason to respond now. The hidden cost and failure in all advertising and marketing is in the almost persuaded. They were tempted to respond. They nearly responded. They got right up to the edge of response, but they set it aside to do it later or to mull over or to check out other options. When they get to that edge, we must reach across and pull them past it. There must be a good reason for them not to stop short or delay or ponder. There must be urgency. Number three, there will be clear instructions. Most people do a reasonably good job at following directions. For the most part, they stop on red and go on green. Stand in the lines they're told to stand in. Fill out the forms they're given to fill out and applaud when the applause sign comes on. Most people are conditioned from infancy in every environment to do as they are told. Marketers' failures and disappointments often result from giving confusing directions or no directions at all. And confused or uncertain consumers do nothing. And people rarely buy anything of consequence without being asked. You must walk your prospect through the steps you want them to take in order to make the sale. Number four, there will be tracking and measurement. If you want real profits from your marketing, you are no longer going to permit any advertising, marketing or selling investments to be made without direct and accurate tracking, measurement and accountability. Forget about likes, links, opens, shares, reach, visibility, views, engagement. All of that may be interesting, even indicative. But what matters is that for every dollar you spend, you can clearly identify how much comes back as a result. Number five, there will be follow-up. When you invest in advertising and marketing, you're not just paying for the customers you get. You are paying for each lead you generate, every call, every walk-in, every email, every reaction and response of any kind. Doing nothing with even one lead is like flushing money down the toilet. It is a serious lapse in judgment and waste of precious resources every time you fail to follow up with every lead or every customer. Number six, results rule. Results rule, period. Do not let anyone confuse, bamboozle or convince you that anything else is of any importance. Nobody's opinion counts, even yours. The only thing that matters is the answer to the question, what results did I get? When you implement all these into your marketing approach and marketing messages, you change the way you communicate with your prospects and customers dramatically and forever. Now let's drill down on marketing message. Most small businesses are out there with no message at all. A person opens a restaurant, a floor shop, a dental or law practice, a service business, name the type of business and his message is, we're open for business. Typically, he spends a lot of time and energy worrying about what it looks like inside, which obviously nobody sees if we don't get them in there in the first place. And he worries about his sign and his logo and his name. And then he opens the door and he waits for the customers to come in. He hasn't thought about what he's going to communicate to the marketplace about who he is, what he is, what he's all about that should make people want to do business with him. A marketing message is a way of concisely and clearly saying to the right market, here's what I'm all about and here's why you should choose me. Every business has to craft a message that separates them from their competitors and it clearly says to the marketplace why they should choose them. Every business has to back up and start with what am I going to say to the marketplace and why is what I say going to be interesting and appealing to the marketplace. Fortunes have been built purely on the strength of great marketing messages and tremendous turnarounds in business have taken place as the result of great marketing messages. Domino's Pizza was originally driven by a marketing message which everybody came to know. Fresh hot pizza delivered in 30 minutes or less guaranteed. That marketing message contains a great example of a unique selling proposition which I'll get deeper into in a second. If you dissect it you'll see some interesting things. First of all it doesn't claim to be all things to all people. There's no mention of mama's recipe from the old country. No mention of a special sauce. In fact there's not even any mention of good pizza. It's a wonderful example of truth and advertising. All it says is that it is going to get to you while it's still hot and it's still fresh and that they guarantee to do that. That marketing message built an empire and a fortune for Tom Monaghan in a very short period of time and built marketplace identity so that you could probably still go out and stop 10 people on the street throw the generic word pizza at them and seven or eight of them are going to immediately respond to you with domino's. What you have to ask yourself is if you go out in your marketplace whatever business you're in. If you're a florist and you go out into your marketplace and you stop 10 people on the street and you say flowers and seven or eight out of those 10 respond to you by giving you the name of your business how well are you going to be doing? You're going to be doing very well and that's the power of a clear and compelling marketing message. As I mentioned earlier a USP or unique selling proposition is the part of the marketing message that differentiates you from any and all of your competition. It answers a critical question coming to you from your prospective customer. Why should I choose you versus any and every other provider of the same product or service that you provide? So if you're a florist my question is why should I choose you as my florist as opposed to all the other florists who are up and down the street or who are inside my phone online? Why should I choose you? You simply have to have a good answer to that and that's going to take a little bit of work but somewhere in your business there is a good answer or you need to make one. Now for those of you sweating over Amazon let me tell you something you can't be Amazoned without your permission. Their marketing message is the same for everything fast kind of like dominoes in one day or less cheap or cheapest choices. You won't beat them at that but it's actually a pretty small territory. You can't win in combat with them with their message. You need a different message of your own that you can win with. Unfortunately the first thing somebody does when we start to talk about unique selling proposition is jump to the conclusion that there is nothing special about their business. Sometimes in rare instances that's true. That's when you have to do some creative thinking about your business to make it into something unique. Here are 10 questions you can ask yourself to help kickstart the process of finding or creating your USP. Number one what specifically do you do that's truly different compared to competitors? For dominoes it was originally being there in 30 minutes or less. More recently they revolutionized the company against badly sagging sales by taking the worst ranked pizza to the best ranked for taste and quality. But that's actually the ante to being in the game. Right now as I record this nobody in that industry has an answer to this. Number one I work with clients as a marketing strategy consultant and as a direct response copywriter. There are forests full of consultants and an ocean of copywriters but there are hardly any single humans who perform both roles at a top tier level. As a professional speaker I've benefited from being able to be a conference speaker and consult on the marketing of the conference and write compelling sales copy for the conference's marketing. There is a forest full of speakers but there's no other human performing all three of these roles. Number two how do you uniquely benefit your target market? JK Rowling and her publisher of the Harry Potter books made each new book's release of exceptional benefit to independent bookstores with a devised plan for big events books held back until release at midnight drawing huge numbers of kids and parents into these stores milling about at a party in costume snacking and browsing and buying other books for an hour or more before the clock struck 12. The target market the bookstore owner was uniquely benefited and in reciprocity Rowling got far more promotional work out of the store owners than hundreds of other authors of other children's fantasy books. Often special events in classes can attract new customers that would otherwise ignore the business and provide added value to current customers as well as the community at large. In my area there is a local chain of casual restaurants and taverns called Winking Lizard and a big benefit of being a customer is a mind-boggling number of special events held during every month some in the restaurants but also golf outings groups escorted to a classic car show and the like some also benefiting charities. This is so much a part of their business it essentially is their unique selling proposition. Number three can you niche your target market in a way nobody else can or will a lawyer Bill Hammond created Alzheimer's Law a subset of elder law essentially wrapping traditional estate planning medicare and Medicaid spend-down planning and other family legal matters inside a differently described package positioned for families with a senior showing signs of or having been diagnosed with dementia. This enabled Bill to use the exact lead generation strategies laid out in this system. A chiropractor I had in seminars years ago developed a practice inside his general practice with a specific program for pain-free flexibility enhanced golf so golfers with back problems could hit the ball farther and straighter and play 18 holes without feeling like they were old and crippled afterward. Similarly this enabled the doctor to use lead generation advertising in place of advertising ordinary chiropractic care in an ordinary way and advertising the same free consult or exam every other chiropractor did. Number four the opportunity gap what void in the marketplace can you fulfill so-called robo advising is being marketed to meet the needs of an underserved segment of the investor market. Fast casual restaurants like the very successful Panera bread chain filled a gap between fast food chains like McDonald's and full service mid-price restaurants like Chili's, Applebee's and Olive Garden. Number five can you add personality in a way that nobody else can? My friend and client and an enthusiastic adopter of magnetic marketing Ben Glass is a personal injury attorney with a thriving practice who has done a fabulous job of infusing his practice marketing with his personality, philosophy and life experiences. My client Ted Oakley's life story is magnetic to his targeted clients entrepreneurs who have built up and sold companies. This doesn't really get you to a USP but instead focuses on an affinity match making the choice of providers of a service about a unique trusted advisor. You probably know of the famous and popular magicians Penn and Teller. They are the only magician team with one of the partners who never speaks. Sure it's a gimmick but it is a gimmick that has served them well for decades. Number six can you offer a superior guarantee? Number seven can you deliver your product or service with exceptional speed? There can easily be another 20 questions like number six and number seven that dissect your product services and business and its marketing message into micro parts any one of which may yield the USP. Geico insurance has very successfully made their advertising for the past 10 years about a tiny piece of what they do the price quote save 15% in 15 minutes. It has nothing to do with the products or the services to policy holders only with the process of buying coverage. Guarantees are great pass to a USP especially if guaranteeing what others won't. A long time client of mine and an early adopter of magnetic marketing Craig Proctor invented the guaranteed sale program in real estate. Radical then still relatively rare because most agents are scared of it. When Craig went to sign up a home seller he offered a guarantee tied to the minimum acceptable selling price that if he didn't sell the home for more than that amount within a specified number of days he would buy it himself. Number eight what do people hate about businesses in your category that you have the power to fix? This is a very good question that can lead to a very magnetic marketing message. Years ago I consulted with a chiropractor who guaranteed no waiting on arrival for your appointment. He made it clear he didn't even have a waiting room. People hate arriving at doctor's offices on time and then waiting for 15 or 30 or even 45 minutes. His secret was a room full of automatic heated massage chairs that the arrived patient was plunked into getting therapy while actually waiting to get into the doctor. An orthodontist client of mine with five successful offices Dr. Dustin Burleson discovered that parents of kids coming in for braces worried about having to miss work or have their kid miss school activities to fit into his offices available appointment times. So he created a premium fee plan under which no time off work and no missed activities would ever be necessary guaranteed. A lot of people hate waiting in lines. A number of food service businesses, Starbucks included, are tackling that with advanced order by app on your mobile phone. Your order ready for pickup on arrival. People hate waiting period and Uber is capitalizing on that in its war with the taxi cab industry. People hate home contractors who start jobs and then stretch them out leaving them undone for weeks. The company's in the one day bathtub and shower business with the prefab units that fit over the existing tub and shower have capitalized on this. Number nine, can you offer some kind of pricing advantage over your competition? Price is very tricky and discounting is like handling lit dynamite. I recommend reading my book No BS Price Strategy. Done wisely though, price strategy can provide or bolster a magnetic marketing message. Sandals Resorts for example moved all inclusive price from cruise ships to dry land and it supports their entire marketing message. Rooms to go uses bundling with a single stated price for everything you see for the room. Couch, chair, tables, lamps, throw rug, sofasized painting. Number 10, what kind of special experience can you offer your customers? We live in an experience economy. People are pretty spoiled. They can get just about everything delivered or experienced at home like live streaming of concerts. Do you bowl? Well we have a virtual reality game for that. Visit museums, you can see all the same art online. This mandates creating great customer experiences and interesting special experiences if you want to pry people out of their cocoons. Since you need to do this anyway, it might also lead to your USP or at least temporary pop-up experiences that have a USP. That final question number 10 touches on something key. What special thing can you offer your customers? It's this process, the creation of special things as offers that's another key part of your magnetic marketing experience. We call these special offers widgets and you can think of them as packages of services and goods and premiums and experiences bundled together. Widget making is an important marketing skill. Once you've got it, you'll use it over and over again every day in your business. On a simple level, if we go back to the pizza business as an example, their widget of the week may be two themed pizzas like NBA playoffs for a special price plus a liter of Coke and four side salads free. They're not just saying coming by pizza from us, they're saying get the NBA Playoffs Watch Party dinner box. One of the best examples that I've seen and that I know quite a bit about comes from Las Vegas and the hotel and casino business where pretty much everybody offers the same thing. A place to come and lose a lot of money and have a good time doing it with a lot of lights and pretty girls. For decades that was the business in Las Vegas. It's changed now to be less about gambling and more about restaurants, nightclubs and shopping but that's a recent metamorphosis and the jury is still out on it. Years ago an amazing entrepreneur, Bob Stupak, took over the worst and last hotel on the strip and had to find a very different way to get people to come and stay at that hotel and gamble in that casino. He didn't have a tremendous amount of money at the time to do advertising and marketing with so the conventional ways that Las Vegas hotels market themselves was pretty much out for him. So Bob sat down and he turned the hotel business and the casino business in Las Vegas into a very specific widget that he could hold up and people could see and get a grip on and understand and be attracted by and buy in advance of use. Let me describe his widget. Ask yourself if you would respond to it. Presuming you were convinced it was real. Give me three hundred ninety six dollars and I'll give you two nights three days in my hotel in one of the deluxe suites. There will be a bottle of champagne waiting for you when you arrive. You can have unlimited drinks the entire time you're here whether you're gambling or not. Even if you're sitting in one of the lounges and enjoying the entertainment you pay nothing more for your drinks. More importantly for your three hundred ninety six dollars I'm going to give you six hundred dollars of my dollars to gamble with in my casino. His widget included the room, it included the drinks, it included some extras like the champagne and souvenir dice and show tickets and it included six hundred dollars to gamble with while you were at his casino. Just for the record the six hundred dollars was match play for even money wagers with wins paid as exchange of the promotional dollars for real ones but that's all just details. This widget turned that little hotel which at the time that this started was on a motel six level into one of the largest and fastest growing hotels on the Las Vegas Strip in its time called Bob Stupak's Vegas World. It is now the stratosphere. You may recall seeing Bob's full page ads for this widget in parade, in sports illustrated, in playboy, in dozens and dozens of magazines and newspapers all across the country. Bob filled his rooms by selling that widget and that was really the business that he was in, the business of selling that widget. He didn't advertise any other type of accommodations. He didn't bother advertising his hotel as a hotel. He concentrated all his efforts and all his energy and all his resources on selling that widget. There are a couple of very interesting side points. He ran his hotel with between 90% and 100% occupancy on a consistent basis as a result of these widgets. That created overflow so he bought a second hotel off the Strip and ran shuttle buses to get the people back and forth. Even more interesting, his widget provided him with a cash flow advantage that no other hotel or casino had at the time. These packages were prepaid. You bought your $396 package today but you might not actually make reservations and go to the hotel until a month later, six months later, even a year later. In the interim, Bob exchanged your $396 for a certificate, a piece of paper which entitled you to all the benefits that I described. He had your $396 in a bank account earning interest or funding construction and remodeling during that time that it was not redeemed. If you study that example closely, you see that a fairly mundane and ordinary business, the hotel business and the hotel casino business, was turned into a totally different business. A different business was invented within the business and that new and different business became the widget that was sold to the public. And that's exactly the thinking process that you need to go through. Simply by listening to session one you've taken a very important first step. If you get at least one great idea from this program, it will pay for itself over and over again. But to make that happen, you must do more than just listen. You need to act on what you've discovered. Don't just absorb this valuable information. Use it. In session number two, Dan will reveal the power of creating irresistible offers, also known as widgets for your products and services. How to pinpoint the exact target market for your perfect customer. Specific strategies to make sure your carefully crafted marketing messages get noticed and considered and a whole lot more. It's all critical information you need to know, so check it out without delay. Thank you for listening to this GKIC program.