I want to welcome you to our microcontinuity training. This is module number three. Today we're going to be talking about how to set up and get your squeeze page up and running and working the right way. So I appreciate you guys being on this call. We've got a really good turnout today. It looks like which always makes a lot of fun. I have been watching the progress. A lot of you guys as students have been fun to see. A lot of you guys have already launched their sites. Actually a couple of you guys have launched sites. A lot of you guys who were pretty close to done. Some of you guys are just waiting for a couple of tweaks and changes and making sure you're on the right track. We have a last couple of trainings happening here in the next few weeks. So by the end of this year we'll have all the pieces you need. I hope you're watching the videos. I've uploaded two pretty good long videos in the members area. Hopefully you had a chance to watch those. If not make sure you go in there and watch them. I'll upload some samples from the squeeze pages I made just to get an idea of how I do my videos so you guys can have some ideas on how to do yours. In fact, earlier today about an hour ago my dad was in the office and we just recorded making a microcontinuity site for him as well. We just recorded the squeeze page and the landing page videos for those too. So on our side we are cranking out these sites too and I'm excited to have a lot of you guys do the same thing. Now a lot of you guys have asked me. I mentioned in the email yesterday I found out about a cart that will actually let you guys do the recurring, do the one-click up sell, let you do inline order forms, a bunch of stuff like that. The guy who's creating it, it's something he's been using. It's kind of in beta. It's not something that's sellable on the market. He's going to be selling it for a lot of money. And I told him yesterday he was actually out in my office and I said this is exactly what all of our students need. So we're going to be doing a webinar Monday, I think right before our webinar. I'll send the information out about it to everybody. We'll be doing kind of a little mini webinar for about an hour. He's going to show the software and he's still going to charge you guys. I told him to take away any commissions, anything I would make off it just to get the lowest price possible. Like I said, software he's going to be selling for about $3,500, I think $200 or $300 a month because it's really high-end and this really, really cool stuff. I'm trying to get him as low as possible. So I said, cutting all my affiliate commissions, having you guys beta tested, hopefully we get it really cheap. I'll know for sure on Monday. So if you guys are interested in that, if you don't have a system yet, make sure to look for my notification. I'll send you an email about a pre-webinar where we kind of talk about his software, which is like this weekend. He demoed it for me here in our offices and it was very, very good. So with that said, let's jump right into this. Again, I appreciate you guys being here. This is Microcontinuity Module Number 3. Okay, the first thing we'll talk about is last week's homework. I hope you guys have been logging into the members' area and looking at all the stuff that's in there, making sure you guys have it done. The first thing from last week is that we want to make sure all you guys have a chance to record your free CD offer. Either your free DVD, your free CD, whatever it is. John just messaged he made a free DVD. Some of you guys have CD's. Hopefully you guys have made those by now. If not, go and do that. I can't stress enough that if you're waiting for this train to be over before you start, you're going to miss out on the biggest benefit. I mean, if you guys right now have the ability to ask questions while we go through this, which if you do it at the end, you're not going to have that ability to be able to ask questions. So make sure you take advantage of this time now. Be on these webinars, ask the questions, post them in the forums. I've been able to answer some questions in the forums. A lot of other students have been in there answering questions, which has been very helpful and grateful for those people who have done that. Again, record your free CD offer. And on the CD offer, like I talked about last time, you want to be teaching them the why's, not the how's, but the why's. Why somebody needs to do something. Okay, that's really one of the keys to the CD. Next thing you need to do is break down your secrets into steps. Your seven secrets or your seven tips or your seven modules, whatever it was, break those down into individual steps. Remember we talked about the reason why you need them to be steps so that you can break them down into a weekly microcontinuity training. That's why you need to have them as steps. Okay, next thing is that you need to record a 10 to 20 minute video or audio for each of these steps, teaching the how's behind the system. This is how you do it. Let me walk you through the process. Picture yourself as a coach when you're creating the microcontinuity training. You're walking through your coach and then you're showing the process. You're mentoring them. Okay. In fact, I can call a microcontinuity mentor. You guys are becoming mentors for your students, depending on whatever it is you're teaching or you're selling. Next thing is you need to submit the name of your CDs and the name of your steps in the members' areas. Hopefully, I've said that. If you've done that, you are on track. Good news also, Konaki just opened back up. So those who are looking for a vendor to create CDs and drop ship from Konaki just open back up. That's right here from some of our students. So that's another option. Konaki, K-U-N-A-K-I dot com, Konaki. So that's an option. If not, also in the members' area, put a big vendors list of places we use to ship CDs and DVDs and do fulfillment, that kind of stuff. So hopefully, you guys had a chance to get that as well. Okay. So that is the homework for last time. I saw a message from John. John said that the sample videos I post in the members' area were very useful and he appreciated them much. So good. So if you guys haven't watched sample videos I posted yet, go and watch them. I try to make those to help you guys through this process. I'll be making another sample video, hopefully in the next couple of days, talking more about squeeze pages because today's topic is actually the squeeze page. And so that's what I will – this lesson, the live train is a lot about the how to do it. I'll be sure you guys talk about the main concepts, how it works, why it works. I'm actually going to show you how to set the squeeze page. I'm going to set up one for you guys live during this webinar. The next training, the video that I'll record on my own, I'll post up, will be showing samples of squeeze pages, how they work, kind of the nuts and bolts behind them, the little intricacies that need to be there that really help conversions and all that other type of stuff. But this video, we'll be talking about how to get set up quick and easy. PowerPoint slide is pretty simple this time. I'm not going to spend a lot of time on that in the next. I'm going to spend most of the time setting up a squeeze page in front of your eyes to see exactly the process I go through when I set these pages. Some of that, if I could go through some of the technical details, we'll get into video onto a website. So I will talk about that here in a minute. Okay. So the squeeze page has a couple of different pieces. The first thing you need to know about is your headline. We'll talk about this in detail. You have your video and your copy. You have your call to action, an opt-in box, and a follow-up series. Those are the main important things that we're going to talk about during the squeeze page. The main things you need to make sure you have and have in the right order. Okay. All right. So the first thing is your headline. Okay. The first thing you want to look at when you look at your headline, your headline, obviously, is the stuff that's at the very top of your squeeze pages. The thing that, when somebody comes, it captures their attention the quickest. Okay. Now, I normally don't like to put text in my header. The reason why is that I believe, personally, that it pulls away from your headline. So most of my header graphics I get designed don't have any text. If they do, it's usually just like a logo or just kind of a basic concept. But I kind of have too much text in the header image because when I do, it pulls away from the headline, I believe. And plus, it's easier to split test headlines and stuff when they're not embedded in the images as opposed to when they are embedded in an image. Okay. So, Ada, this is something that copyrighters have been talking about for a long time. But your headline needs to be something that has these four things. First thing you need to do is you need to grab attention. That's the A. Then it needs to create interest and then desire and then action. Okay. Ada, attention, interest, desire, action. Okay. So, someone's coming along and they're going through a thousand web pages a day. At least some people are going through more than that. And they see your page as your headline. Does it capture their attention? Does it make them interested? Does it cause some sort of desire? And does it cause them to take action? Those are the four things you need to make sure it does. Attention, interest, desire, action. Okay. Very, very important. Now, one of my favorite stories about a headline last February, so over a year ago, we did a seminar up in Salt Lake City. And in the hotel we were staying in, they had one of those things in the front door. It had all these tons and tons of brochures in it. And we were walking past the brochures and back to probably 120 brochures and this big, huge thing lining the wall. And I looked at it really quick briefly and one headline jumped out at me from a far away and I saw it. And I remember I walked up and I saw my copywriter upstairs later in the day and said, hey Kevin, walk downstairs. And when you walk briefly by the big thing with all the brochures and I want you to come back and tell me which headline you read. He said, what? He's like, there's going to be tons of them. He said, tell me which headline you read. And he said, okay. And we walked back up to a big smile on his head and he said one thing. He said, snowboard naked. Okay. That's all he said. And I said, exactly. I said, if you walk down and you look at all these brochures, there's one headline that jumped out at you among all this clutter. It was the headline, snowboard naked. Okay. It got my attention. It made me interested. I had some desire to figure out what in the world they were talking about and it caused me to take action. I pulled the thing out saying what in the world does this mean, snowboard naked? Are people actually snowboarding naked? Okay. Those four elements, attention, interest, desire, action were all fulfilled in the headline for that brochure. It made it stick out of the crowd among all the 100 to 200 other brochures. Okay. And this is powerful. It's very important to understand. Headlines come from the newspapers. You look through the newspaper and you look at everything. It's black and white text. It's the exact same font. The only thing that pulls your interest is the headline. And we've been trained to get pulled in by headlines. Okay. We get trained to read headlines. We get trained to browse through headlines. So you need to make sure you spend a lot of time and energy on your headline. This is the most important part, probably the most important part of the entire squeeze page. Okay. Excuse me. So make sure you spend some time on that. Okay. One of my favorite headlines, especially for this microcontinuity process, is free video reveals the number one secret to blank. Okay. Think about it. If you're going through and you see a bunch of stuff, the headline free video reveals is immediately going to grab your attention. Okay. Now if it says free video reveals the number one secret to something that they're excited about, it's going to cause them to be interested. And if you do it right, it's going to cause them to desire and they're going to want to take action. Okay. So that's why for this type of process, the microcontinuity process, my favorite headline is free video reveals blank. Okay. Free DVD or usually a free video or some people are obviously, some of you guys are doing a report. Free report reveals, whatever it might be, but free report, free video, free whatever is going to pull very, very well. Okay. So again, that's why I like using the free video reveals box there for my headlines. Now a lot of you guys are going to do different variations of that which is fine, but I would make sure that, especially if you're trying to give somebody something on a squeeze page and especially if it's a video, make sure you tell them somewhere that a free video is going to reveal something. Probably number one secret to blank. Okay. That fits in the whole sales process we talked about when we were teaching the basic microcontinuity concepts. Okay. Now in the members area, just about 15 minutes ago I posted a headline swipe file. It's got tons and tons and tons of headlines from famous copywriters. Go in the members area, print out that PDF and look at them all. You'll get ideas of good headlines that other people have used that have followed this principle, that have caused attention and interest, desire and action in their prospects. Okay. So look at the headlines and look at them. And a lot of times most of the headlines that we have here that we use in our business aren't something we made a couple of scratch. Almost always there's something we take from a swipe file. We see some of those headlines and we try to tweak it so it fits for our product. Okay. So some of the famous ones that I'm sure you'll see when you look at this swipe file is like who else wants to blank? Okay. We've used that before. Or if then statements. If you've ever blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, then blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Okay. Anyway, look through the swipe file and read through all the different headlines. You'll get a bunch of ideas about good headlines. Every time we create a squeeze page or a sales letter, the bullet of swipe files reads through a bunch of headlines and try to craft our own based on the one that grabs our interest and our desire the most. Okay. So that's the first step. The second step in the squeeze page process is the video and the copy. Okay. And the video and the copy can be the same thing or they can kind of be separate depending on how you do a squeeze page. Okay. And I'll show a bunch of samples of this during the training video I'll post later on this week. But basically some of you guys are doing videos which I recommend some of you guys are doing copy. Okay. But the elements involved are very, very similar. If you remember during the training I talked about the initial training before we started this the microcontinuity training, there are four important elements you need to make sure you have on your video or on the squeeze page copy. Okay. And I stole these from John Carlton but they are the most powerful things you need to know them and understand them. The first thing you need to answer, these are the four questions you need to answer. Okay. Question number one is who are you? Question number two is what do you have? Question number three is why do they need it? And question number four is how can they get it? Okay. So again, who are you? What do you have? Why do they need it? And how can you get it? Okay. So example, today for my dad's product, my dad's product is called Creditors and Predators. It's a free DVD that he put together showing people that there are creditors and creditors who want to take your money. So the video for the squeeze page will go something like this. If I was recording I would say, hi my name is Russell Brunson and welcome to creditorsandpreditors.com. Now I have a free video that's going to reveal to you why there are other people out there who want to take your money. These people are going after small business owners just like you and they are attacking them and trying to get hold of their money. Now you may need this video if you own a small business and are worried about other people taking your assets. If you want to get it in this video you can get a free copy but just put your name and email address in the form on the side and we'll send this video to you immediately on the next page. Okay. That's basically it. Okay. Let's go do my patanism video. So I do, hi my name is Russell Brunson and we'll thank you for visiting howtomekapatatogun.com. Now I've got a free video that's going to reveal to you how I shoot a potato 10 times further than any of my other friends. The reason why you might need this is because if you're trying to develop a potato gun you don't want to only shoot 10 yards. You want one that shoots 200 yards. If you want this free video all you need to do is put your name and your email address in the form on the side, click submit and I'll immediately send you this video on the next page. Okay. You guys see how that works? It's a simple process and I promise some of you guys are probably going to try to complicate it more than that. Do not make it more complicated. This script is beautiful. There's so many psychological triggers that are built into this simple, simple script that if you just follow it exactly the way I just told you you're going to have success with it. Okay. That's why if you look at my squeeze pages I post in the members area and all the ones are coming out right now, this is the script I have right on my wall and this is what I look at right before I create my videos. Who am I? What do I have? Why do they need it and how can they get it? Try not to deviate from that as much as possible. Okay. And that thing that, I mean, we had our mastermind meeting up here in Brian Keith-Voyles, one of the top copy writers in the world was here and he kept talking about when he writes copy he tries to figure out what's that one thing he called the spear. The one spear that will get your message across to somebody. If you look at like a bed of nails, you know there's a whole bunch of spears coming up and there's a whole bed of nails and somebody lays on it, it's not going to penetrate through their body because the waste is distributed. And that's very similar to your copy, to the squeeze pages. You don't want to have a whole bunch of different things in there. You don't want to say, oh, you're going to do this and this and this and this and a whole bunch of different stuff. That's the equivalent of having like a bed of nails. So somebody can lay on it and they're going to fill it but it's not going to pierce them. He says you want to have one thing, that one spear, that one tip, that one thing that they want to have so badly that it's going to pierce right through them. Okay. That's something we really want to think about. So finding that pierces through people and not just something that's really generic or a whole bunch of, you know, ten different things. You want to pull out that one secret, that one tip that's going to be very, very powerful and pierce them to the various centers so they want to take action on what you just said. Okay. So again, the process here, I'm going to say it one more time but it's very simple. Who are you? What do you have? Why do they need it and how can they get it? Okay. It's very simple. That's what should be in your video or in your copy if you're writing a little, a little couple paragraphs there on the left-hand side of your video. Okay. The next thing you need to have is a call to action. Okay. And the call to action is basically telling somebody what to do. Okay. The biggest mistake I see new people do when they're trying to write copies or trying to create a squeeze page is they assume the person knows to fill in their name and email address. They have a headline, they may have a video or some copy in their inbox. And there's nothing telling the person to opt in. The people assume that, well, there's a box there, of course, they're going to fill in the thing. The problem is that, you know, while me and you, we obviously logically say, hey, this is something we need to do, the bulk of people don't just by default know that's what they need to do. Okay. So make sure that you're not assuming that somebody knows. Okay. Make sure you tell them clearly. Put your name and your email address in the form on the side or in the form below and click submit and it will be immediately taken to the next page. You should say it in your video. You should also say it in the copy on your page. Say it a couple of different places. Make sure they know exactly what to do. Your call to action is very important. Okay. When we did our infomercial, we had quite a few call to actions, but there's a section of the infomercial called the CTA, the call to action. And that's where we spent the primary, the majority of our time in the infomercial was focusing on the CTA, the call to action because that is when somebody picks up the phone and the call. Everything else is there to grab their interest and desire. But the CTA, the call to action, that's what gets somebody off their butt in ordering your product or opting into your list or whatever it is. So your CTA, your call to action needs to be very, very strong. You spend time on that. Okay. It doesn't have to be such a squeeze page. Your call to action is not difficult. It's put your name and your email address on the form on the side and I'm going to give you something. Okay. That's your call to action. You're telling them what to do. But I noticed in my squeeze pages, I have the call to action in the video. I have the call to action on the above the opt-in box. I usually have the call to action a couple of different places because you need to make sure that you have an arrow usually pointing to where I want them to opt in. I have something pointing their eyes to a certain spot so that it's causing them to realize what the call to action is. Okay. You never assume that somebody knows what you want them to do. Next is give exact steps. Break it down. Put your, if you just have your email, put your email on the form on the right. Click submit. You'll be immediately taken to the next page. Okay. Don't be secret. Let them know what's going to happen. Some people may not have done this before and they're like, I don't really want to put my name and what am I signing up for? I don't really know. So give them the exact steps. Say put your name and email address on the form on the side. Click submit and I'm going to take you immediately to another page where I have the video I'm going to show you. Okay. See how that works? Give them exact steps. I'm exactly going to do it and where they're going to go. They're not blinded by, you know, I'm putting my name and email address. How am I going to get in the video? You want to let them know that they're going to get the video through the exact same process. Okay. On the next page, you're going to get the video or I'm going to email you the video. Whatever it is that you're doing, make sure you tell them, give them the exact steps and tell them what's going to happen, how they're going to get it and that's another very important part of the call to action. Okay. Now, the next piece is the opt-in box and their follow-up series. Now, this I'm actually going to pull out on this section of the slides and show you exactly how this works, but you need to create an opt-in box. Okay. A lot of you guys are familiar with autoresponders and those who are not, I'm going to show you in two different systems how to create an opt-in box and how to set up a follow-up series. The two services I'm going to show you is how to use Aweber and also iContact. These two are very good. I both have pros and cons. You guys can pick which one you like, but make sure you have one of them. This is one thing you do not want to not have. This is the most important part of the process. If you don't have an autoresponder, you don't have an internet business. Okay. And don't go cheap on me. You get a bad autoresponder, no emails get delivered and again, you won't have an internet business. Okay. So if you want an internet business, the most important thing you have is your autoresponder. Okay. Aweber and iContact are the two that I recommend. Okay. So I'm going to break away here real quick and I am going to actually show you guys a couple things. What we're going to do, I'm going to create a squeeze page for you guys live on this webinar and hopefully this will give you guys some good ideas. This software I'm going to use is a free service called Weebly. It's at Weebly.com. Let's see if I can make that a little bigger for you guys. It's completely free service. I recommend you guys using it if you don't know how to build a website. If you have a website, then you can, you know, if you don't have a website, you can skip this part. If you don't know this is what I'm going to show you. It's an easy way to do it for free. It doesn't take you any, you know, that much effort and it's completely free. Okay. It's the first thing I'm going to do is create, if you're not going to count, you're going to create one. I already have an account so I'm just going to log in. And after you're inside, there's a whole bunch of stuff you can do. All I'm going to do is I'm going to create a new site. So click right here. Hopefully you guys can see something. Click on create a site. The title of my new site. This is what we called Micro Squeeze Example. The name of my new website. Here's some questions coming in here. Brett, if these are questions that pertain to what I'm doing right now, do you want to just jump in and ask them so I don't leave out anything? Yeah, I'll watch out for that. Okay, cool. Some of my videos, my good items and my batteries about to die. I noticed my plug came unplugged a little bit. Thanks for you guys watching out for me so we don't die. Okay. So I created a page. If you notice here, I'm going to try to shrink this down a little bit. I can actually see everything. When I create a page, it makes a little sample website like this for me. Let's see. I hide this here so I can see it better. Okay. It makes a little sample website for me. This is a little sample website I just made. So I've already got my basic website right here for me. Okay. Now, if you guys can't see this very well, we are recording this and my posting members are hopefully to come out a little better quality. But again, this is not a difficult process. You can go to Weebly.com, create an account, and then you create a new website, a little web builder for you. So the first thing I'm going to do is right here, this is the headline. Michael Squeezed the example. I'm just going to change it to my headline. Free video reveals the number one secret to shooting a potato. Over 300 yards. Okay. It's going to be my headline. Now, up here, there's a whole different element. You see there's a paragraph of title, paragraph of picture, this title, paragraph. These are all things if you want to grab. Once I want a paragraph right here, I grab the box and I drag it down. I hope you can see this. I drop it, boom, and it drops a paragraph title here, a paragraph. I just click on the paragraph and I start typing and it lets me put in the text I want right there in that spot. See how easy that is? Let me go right here. I'm going to sort of let me delete this. Again, I'm going to use Weebly.com because I usually use my own web editor. I know how easy this one can be. I hope it will let me delete this little header here that it has because I don't really like it. Okay. I'm just going to keep going through this. Next time I'm going to pull it out. We showed a lot of you guys how to do. It's how to do basically a headline, a video on the left-hand side and a squeeze page or an opt-in box on the right-hand side. Again, I wish this would let me delete this big image here. I don't really like this header. I might do this. Hey, Russell, there's a question from Craig while you're doing that. Okay. Craig says, hey, Russell, do you think creating our sites in WordPress would be more search engine friendly versus using Weebly or does it matter? He says, Weebly actually certainly looks pretty easy. Weebly is really good search engine presence. For squeeze pages, you would not want to use WordPress normally just because it wasn't really built for squeeze pages and sales letter. I would say especially if you want to use Weebly, Weebly is very, very easy. I can't get rid of this header here. I think I want to do them in the clicker down here. There's a way. See the clicker on design, just with a bunch of different design layouts here. I can click a different one. I'm going to choose one that looks a little bit more like what I like. They're actually like that one a lot. Okay. This is my new template. Hopefully, you guys like this one because I like it a lot. My headline is going to be, again, free video rebuilds how to ... Okay. It's only going to be one line here. Potato gun secrets. You start using Weebly. You guys are going to become addicted to this because it's really, really fun. Okay. All right. I created this funny design. I'm going to come back here. I'm going to draw elbows. I'm going to drag down a title right here. This is going to be my headline. I pulled title from my headline again. This will be the free video of how to ... Let's see. I'll do a more specific number because it sounds better. 273 yard every time. Then when you have text, you'll see that here it opens up this little bar that has the way to do it. You can center it. You can do a bunch of stuff like that. I can make it bigger if I want to make it bigger. Things like that. Okay. There is my headline now. Again, that's pretty simple as you guys saw. Next thing I'm going to do is I'm going to grab this thing. There's this two column layout because I want two columns now. I'm going to drag it down here underneath my headline and drop it in. It makes two columns. On the left-hand column, I want to put my video. I'm going to come up here. See the elements. Right here on the left-hand side, you can see it says Multan Media. It has all the videos here. If I upload my video to YouTube, I can drag right here. I can drop a YouTube video for my left-hand box right here. Oh, it's playing the video. I don't want to pull that video, but it pulls the video in. If I want this to play my own videos, right up here on the top, you'll put in your YouTube video URL. So, the upload to YouTube will give you a URL right here. You can change the size. I'm going to shrink it down so it fits in my little template. I'll probably do there. I'll do left-aligned. There you go. There is my video. Now I've got my headline. I've got my video that would be saying my four lines, like I said. The last thing we need to finish is an opt-in box. I'm going to actually skip out of Weebly. I'm going to show you how to set up an auto-responder. So, you set up an auto-responder. That's where you get the opt-in box. Actually, before I set up the opt-in box, I'm going to do is I'm going to put in the last element here, which is very important. That is the call to action. So, the call to action here is going to be very simply for your free video. Please put your name and email address in the form below. Okay, we use that right now. Brett, are you able to see what I'm doing very well? Yes, I am. Yep. Okay. I'm going to go ahead and make sure that you guys are able to see it. Okay, so there you go. I've got a headline. I've got a video. I've got the call to action. Now I'm going to go and I'm going to set up my auto-responder. So, the first one I'm going to show you is Aweber. And again, can't see enough good stuff about Aweber. I'm going to log in real quick. We actually have two accounts in Aweber. So, if you see part of my list here, and I've got part of my list and eye contact, and I've got a bunch of different places. But when you first create your account, you're not going to have any lists at all. But you'll see kind of how it works. So, here's my account. I've got, like you see dozens of lists here. I've got 49 different lists here. Over 215,000 people are on these lists in my Aweber account. So, but all I'm going to do when you create your Aweber account, you're going to log in. The first thing you want to do is click on this little button here at the top. It says create and manage lists. It makes it a little bit bigger so you can see it. Okay. To create and manage lists, that's step number one. And you have, just through all your lists, you'll see another button right here on the right-hand side that says create a new list. Okay. So, I just click on that, create a new list. Obviously, it's very simple. First thing you want to do is I want to name this list. So, I'm going to name this list, micro test. And that's my description just so I can remember. Remember, my subscribers can know what it is. We'll opt in and it'll be this is Russell's micro. Grow continuity list. And as you're from email address, so the name's going to be Russell Brunson and then the email address will be supported.comsecrets.com. So, if somebody responds back to the email, where do you want the email to go to? So, for me, I don't want to go to my personal email address. I want to go to my help desk. So, I have my help desk so the support at .comsecrets.com, and someone replies that it goes directly to my help desk. Next thing is a subscriber alert. This is if every time you're a new subscriber, if you want them to email you and let you know, you can put the name and email address in there. I don't put that in there because I don't really like knowing when everybody signs up for my list. Next thing is company branding. You can put a company name, website, URL. We don't have to. So, for this situation, I'm not going to go to just click save settings. I'm going to leave it there because that's all we really need to do to be able to start creating lists. So, that was the first step, was creating the list. The second step is you need to come up here. You need to go to web forms. Okay, because I'm going to create a forms. Click on web forms. In most way, whatever the kind of doesn't create this as, you're set up only 34%. And it always shows you as you finish all the steps. The reality is you don't have to have hardly any steps done to be able to use this. Most of my lists are about 34%. So, don't be worried if it only says 34%. As long as you get all the pieces, it will still work. Okay, so I'm going to just close that down because it kind of bugs me. Okay, so now I created on web forms, took me to this page. I click on the buttons of create web form. So, I click on that. What it's going to do is it's going to pull up a little wizard for me to create the web form. Okay, so the form name is going to be, and the form is just that's the code that's going to be on the page that creates the little opt-in form. Okay, so I'm going to call it micro form. And it has all these options. You want an inline form, a pop-up form, a pop-under form, an exit pop form, a pop-hummer. I always do inline. Okay, that's the first option. It's the default. Just leave it on inline. The next thing is your thank you page. This is after somebody opts in, where do you want to take them to? Okay, if you don't have any place right now, ideally what it's going to do is it's going to take you to your sales letter. But if you don't know what your sales letter URL is yet, that's fine. Just leave what it has in there. You can change it later. Don't worry about that. If you want sales, do not worry. So, I'm going to leave it just the default right now and I can change it later if I want to. The next question, do you want to open this? Actually, if you want to open the thank you page in a new window or the same window? I usually leave it in the same window. So, I don't put it on a new window. The forward variable, I don't know what that means. I just skip it. The already subscribed page, I usually make that the same as the thank you page because if somebody opts in twice, I still want them to see the sales letter. Add tracking, I leave blank and start a message to leave the default and everything else is fine. So, I don't change anything else. I click on the next button. So, very simple. I just named the form. I told the thank you page and that was about it. Okay, then click next. Now, it takes me to the actual form. Okay, I can actually edit the form here if I want to click on it. Let's say I want to change the name of the button. To submit, I want to say something like, let's see, I'm going to change it to get your free video. Now, it makes a little button, get your free video. I don't want to add a header or a footer. I just want to change the text here from name to first name. I can do that right there. Email and basically, I just created a little form. You can edit there if you want to that kind of stuff. When you're done, again, you click save. And what it's going to do is going to show you that the form is done. There's a little button here, so get HTML. I don't want to get the HTML. I just click on that. It's going to give me the HTML code I need to post my blog. Now, you notice it gives you two versions. It gives you a JavaScript version right here and then a raw HTML version. I always click on the raw HTML version because if you use the JavaScript version, it makes it more difficult to change the thank you page after you know what it is. The raw HTML version makes it very easy to change the thank you page. So I'm going to click on the raw HTML version and you'll see it's going to use all this mumbo-jumbo code. I use highlight it, click on copy. Now you've got the code you need from Aweber to be able to go back to your website. Now I'm going to go back to my website to Weebly. You get your headline, your video. The next thing I'm going to do is I'm going to come over here and I'm going to be looking for an element that I can drag down into my squeeze page called HTML. I can't remember exactly where it's at. I have to find it. It's in more. See on the left-hand side there's a little button that says more. I go over to the custom HTML box. I grab that box and I come down here and I drop it underneath my call to action. What it does is it opens. Let's see. We'll be keeping it freezing for a second here. Let's resetting something. Hopefully it didn't delete my page. Okay. The little thing here says click to set your custom HTML. So I click on that. And up here there's little buttons, edit, custom HTML. Click on that. It opens this little box. What I'm going to do is I'm going to paste that code that Aweber just gave me. I paste all that code, all that mumbo-jumbo that just gave me. I paste that there. And then when I'm done, I click off of it and boom, there it goes. I put my little opt-in box in there. See how easy that is? I just created my entire squeeze page. All the things I told you you needed are all in there right now. Your squeeze page is finished. Okay. Obviously the one thing you're going to really need to change is you're probably going to come back here. But when you know what your self-page URL is going to be and you can create your self-page and we'd be just as easy as you can at your squeeze page. But when you know what that is, you're going to come back here, you're going to edit your custom HTML. And what you want to look for is you want to look for the thank you page URL that Aweber put in here. So if you notice, if I scroll through the code, you have to look through a bunch of garbage in here to find it. Because they're going to find something that says redirect value equals and then it has the thank you page. So right here is aweber.com. You want to change that to whatever your self-page URL is. Okay. So if your self-page is .comcigars.com. Self-page.html, you want to put that there and paste it there. Okay. There's going to be twice. Because here you have the redirect URL and then you have the redirect that are already on the list URL, which is the other one. So there's two places in that code you want to look through and you want to replace. You want to replace the Aweber's thank you URL with your thank you URL, which is your self-page. Okay. Hopefully that made sense. Okay. So there is your squeeze page. That's how you set up the form in Aweber. Now, let me, is there any questions Brent, real quick before I jump over? I'm sure I haven't done the same thing on iContact. Yeah. Just Chris is asking and he asked earlier about double opt-in versus single opt-in. And can you show on Aweber how you can change from the double opt-in to single opt-in? Yeah, that's actually right. Almost there. So, okay. I'm in Aweber again. I'm still on the web form page. Right here is a button that says, caution, please customize your new subscriber verification message. I usually click on that button here. It's going to take you over to the page where they want you to set up a double opt-in. A lot of you guys know what double opt-in. You know, my opinion is on them. Hopefully I don't care for double opt-in. Right here in the top, you notice there's a big green button that says, status on. Okay. They make it sound like double opt-in is a great thing. Okay. And it's for them, not so much for us. What you're going to do is you hover over that button that says, status on and you click on it. And it's going to try to warn me. So, don't do it. But you want to say, yes. Now that the status is off. Now what happened? Now that the status is off. Everyone that opt-ins through that list will automatically be a single opt-in. Okay. And that's as simple as it is. And you set that up for every list because every list by default is going to be that they have to double opt-in. If you click on that, it makes sure your default is not double opt-in. Okay. Awesome. We have a follow-up question. Yeah, that's perfect. Okay. Craig just says, Russell, should we add the I hate spam under the opt-in box? Or how do we do that? You can. I'm not a big fan of that. People like doing that because in my mind, it brings up the flag in people's mind that, oh my gosh, you're going to spam me. I mean, you're saying I hate spam. It's kind of like the concept if somebody says, hey, don't think about a purple elephant. The first thing that jumps your head is the purple elephant. So if you say, hey, don't worry, I'm not going to spam you. The first thing that pops your head is I'm going to spam him. What I would do is make sure if you have, create some kinds of terms and services, you'll get your terms and services and have a link down at the bottom of the page of terms and services. I wouldn't necessarily put a link under there unless you want to. If you do want to, it's very easy. You just grab a paragraph, drag it down there, blow it, and then you type in the message that you want. So I don't personally do it, but if you want to, it's very easy to do. Obviously, you just grab the paragraph and post it right there. Any other questions about that kind of stuff, Brent? Yeah, just, Brian asks, what if we go ahead and choose Double Opt In but still send a subscriber to our sales page as a thank you page? What are the pros and cons of this? The pros of doing a Double Opt In is the fact that you will know that everyone who opts into your list really want to be on your list. No one's going to throw in a spam-chop name or something like that. And I would still immediately take them to your sales page. I don't know. One of the people I critiqued last week when we did the critique webinar, the one thing they did, which I personally would never do, is it took them to a page that said, hey, thank you so much for opting in. Now, I'm looking for an email in your box that you can click on the link and it'll subscribe you and in there you get your free video. Probably that's why it takes a long time for the auto responder to actually send the email. Sometimes it's immediate. Sometimes it takes a couple hours. The other problem is that a lot of times those auto responder emails will fall into the junk folder and they'll never see them. They'll never have the ability to Double Opt In. They'll never have the ability to be on your list or get what you just told them to. So I like taking them immediately to sales page right afterwards. And again, I like doing just a single opt-in. If you want to do a Double Opt In, that's fine, but I still take them to sales page immediately afterwards. So take that for what it's worth. You can do it either way, but that's my personal opinion. And then Rachel has asked, she says, you know how I'm going to page right there. She says, does it create a free website with Weebly Stay on the Squeeze page? It does if you use the free version. You can upgrade. I think it's like $5 a year or $10. It's really cheap to upgrade. If you upgrade, it'll take that off. If you don't upgrade that, it will be on it. And as Weebly does offer hosting, don't they? Yes, they do. Weebly can host it for you. They have free and paid packages. At the end of it, you can download the whole website and then upload it to your own website. The ability to do both of those. Awesome. Okay. So that is how we use Aweber. Now I'm going to show you how to use I contact. I'm logging my I contact account real quick. And you'll see the process is a little different. It's very similar, but not much. So I've got a couple of different accounts in here, but this is my main account. And I have 311 subscribers in this account. And you can see this. The way I contact does their billing, which I'm not in love with, is they bill you based on how many messages you send. So I sent 441 messages so far this month. I'm allowed to send 3 million messages. Aweber bills you based on the size of your subscriber database, not on how many sends that you are sending. So some people bill different ways. It just depends on how you like it. I prefer to send a message to the person. It just depends on how you like it. I prefer the bill you own size your database, not on actual sends. But that's the way that they make the bill. The same thing as you come up here. And I contact a little more confused for me to find out. Let me make sure I do it right. But I think the first thing you click on is create. I should actually have Justin. He's one of our students here who works for I contact. You have him go walk through this process. Okay, I messed up. You go click on my contacts first. Then click on our button that says create a list. That's the first step of the process, obviously. The one nice thing, my favorite thing about I contact is they allow you to upload lists, which Aweber doesn't without Aweber makes you double off and everybody upload where I contact allow you upload without having to put that person's name in again. Okay, so there's the list. The next thing I do is I create the list name, which will be microc test list. And then my description, the same thing we did last time. This is a test list. And then I just leave this other stuff blank. If you want to double them off, you can put that in here. But I just put in the name. That's how you're going to go quick, save and add contacts. And then I can start adding my contacts. I already have them. Okay, that's the first step. Now the second step is the sign up form. Right here on the right hand side, you can see the button says sign up forms. You click on that. And I say create a new sign up form. And the first thing that you do is kind of design it. So I usually leave the borders black, the background white. And I like fonts being blue. I usually make the fonts become black. And then you click next. And then you can choose which list. So the list that I just made was the microc test list. So I'm making a form for that list. You have to find it and check on it. And then sign up name, it's going to be the microc test list. And then down here it says what do you want to have on that autoresponder form? You want to ask for their email address. You want to ask for their first name. So you click on that. And then which one do you want first? So I want the email second. Usually I want the first name first. So I'll kind of shift those around in order. And I leave all the rest blank. I don't really want to ask for all the other stuff. I ask if I want to include a publisher profile. I never click on that because I don't want that. Next thing you ask is your successful URL. So again, it's where you put your sales page URL. So let's put a fake one in there for now. Sales page URL. And your error URL, you also want to make that one your sales page URL. Okay. Require confirmation. Do not check that one because it's going to make it become a double opt-in. Again, I prefer. I personally would never create a double opt-in unless I have to. So don't make it unless you really want it. Have that pushed save. And the profiteer is very similar. It gives me the entire code again, just like last time. And I usually go for the manual signup code. And again, the reason why is because when I change the sales page, I want to be able to come in here. I want to be able to change this right here, the sales page URL, which again will be in here twice. Okay. So I'm going to take this exact same code. So we copy it. Just like we did with the Aweber code. Let's see. Hopefully it will let me copy the whole thing. If I copy this, right click on it. I do copy. Come back here to Weebly. I'm going to just replace the Aweber form with this one. Go here and click on Edit Custom HTML. Let's see if I can still work. Just jump me around a little bit. Sorry, guys. Okay. Edit Custom HTML. I'm going to delete the Aweber code. See if you can see what the eye contact looks like. It's very similar. I'll leave off. It's got this first name, email. And if you want to change things like I don't like what it says, email marking by eye contact, I believe. Oh, just keep me out of that. Let me go back. I must push something wrong. Just keep coming around. Let me jump back to the site. Okay. Anyway, if you want to edit, you can go in there and you can kind of edit it around. Same process now you have the form for eye contact. So again, that's how basically I create the squeeze page. Very simple. Now, the next thing I'm going to do is show you how to publish it. That's how you get it to make it a real website online. So they actually have a squeeze page somewhere on the Internet. We just come in and click the big orange button to publish. It's going to be a couple options. First thing you do is you can create a subdomain on their site, which that's what I'm going to do personally. Or you can register domain names. If you want to set up Russell Brunson.com or whatever, potatogunsecrets.com, you put in here and they'll help you register the domain name and pay for it. If you already own a domain name, you can click on there and it will walk you through that process. For this process, I'm just going to create a subdomain Weebly so we can show it to you right away. So potatogunsecrets is available. I click on the continue button. It's publishing the site. And now my website, my squeeze page is live. I just click on the button. You'll see where I go to potatogunsecrets.weebly.com. You guys can go there too. You're going to see my little squeeze page I just created. So in less than 20 minutes or so, we were able to create the entire squeeze page from scratch. Obviously, I did upload the video and kind of stuff. That's basically the process. You can come back and you can tweak it. You can change it. You can change colors. You can reformat. You can do a bunch of stuff like that if you want to. But that's basically the process of creating a squeeze page. It's really not that difficult when you do it Weebly. In the future, if you guys want, you can be more fancy. You can hire people to do it. You can learn HTML and editors and stuff. But the reality is you can create a page on Weebly and you can drive traffic and you make money. In fact, we've created a whole bunch of pre-sell blogs that are all on Weebly. So we did have a lot of traffic through Weebly before they ever hit my own website. Their stuff works so that their pages get listed in Google, actually, very well more than I thought they would. And it can be a very powerful service for you guys to use to create websites. OK? Oh, cool. You can also Twitter about your new page. You just created. So that's the process. Now, if you want to do the same thing and you want to create, let's say you want to create, let me go back to... Let's have to get back to the main part. OK, though. If I want, I can create another page like a sales page. You can do that same kind of thing. If you want, you can do your stats. You can see that so far nobody has visited my site yet. But let's say, you know, I've created my squeeze page. Now I've created my sales page. I can do the same thing. Create a site. Boom. Click on the button. Go through the same process. Create your sales page and go through the exact same process. OK? Or you can add a second page. In fact, let me show you how you do that real quick. So if you want to create a sales page here that uses the same template and works along really well with the one you just created, all you have to do is go back into the Weebly Web Editor, which is taking a second to load. Click on the Pages tab right here. And you can say, I want to add a new page or I want to add a blog. You can either want to add a new page. I'm going to call this the sales page. And you want to show a navigation. But I'd say, no, don't show it in navigation. And then say, OK. And come back here again. Now you got your home page. This is my squeeze page and my sales page. I click on here. And see. All right. Add this page. Quick, add this page. And this is now my sales page. So here is where I put my second video and everything else. We'll talk about that. I think next week we'll talk about the sales pages. But now I just created the second page here. If I wanted to publish this right now, I published the page. I didn't come up with a new page. Let me see if I can find it real quick. Let me show the navigation so I can find it real quick. OK. So I just published my page again. You notice that what we do is a link all the pages you create up here on top. But obviously you don't want somebody to be able to see your sales page. So you don't want to hide that link. But I'm going to keep the link there for a second just so I can find the URL. And here's the URL right here. Pay with us. Just.weebly.com. For.slash. Sales-page.html. This will be my sales page URL. So I'm going to take that. I'm now going to go back to the iContactor A Webber. And I can go and I can change that so that my thank you page after someone opts in. Oh, there it is. What's your problem? I want to. So my thank you page, my actually opt in right here, Success URL. I post my new sales page URL there. So I say opt in. The Success URL is where it's going to take them to, which is my sales page. I post that there and then go to the exact same process we talked about before. OK. That's the cool thing about Weebly again. And we talked about having a blog with you guys. Much on this train. If we have it up a lot of other trains talk about the power of a blog. Push a button, boom, and it'll create a whole blog for you. Now you can have a blog. So for those of you guys who have any kind of technical problems at all, Weebly is by far the easiest way to go about getting your website. Your squeeze page, your sales page, your blog, getting these things up very, very quickly. We begin the best way to do that quickly. For those of you who are technical or who want to outsource or get more professional, those options are also available. You hire companies, you can do a lot of other stuff like that. But Weebly will give you pretty much everything you need to do. You can create a very good business just using Weebly and not even have to worry about any of those other things. OK. So I recommend you guys tonight go down and play with Weebly Logger out here. There's tons of stuff you can do. I mean there's tons of elements. You click right here, they have basic stuff. You can add multimedia, you can add Google AdSense, you can add your feed reader, contact forms, all the stuff you can create here. You can have design tabs, you can pick a different design layout, you can create different pages. There's tons of different options in here that you can do. So I recommend you go down and play with it. Go try to break it, grab some headlines with things around. See if you can make a page in here. If you do that and you just start getting through the process of just testing things out and trying it out, you have to be just kind of getting your hands dirty. You can find out how easy this stuff really is. And if you get stuck, go back and watch the videos. We kind of walk through the major processes, the hard parts most people stumble into. OK. Now the one other thing I really want to show you guys real quick, I want to show you how to send emails through Aweber and iContact. OK. So the first thing now I've created this list. I want to go and add my messages. Now if I scroll over the messages thing, there's two types of messages. There's follow up and there's broadcast. OK. Follow up is something that's being emailed automatically. So they just find out, day number one they get this email. Day number two they get this email. Day number six they get this email. That's the follow up. A broadcast is I want to send this email right now. OK. So the first thing you want to do is you want to set a follow up. Because as soon as it's on the opposite, you want to make sure you put a follow up. So as soon as they put the name email out, you just need to get some kind of email. OK. So I'm going to click here and add a new follow up message. I'm going to do something to write the first email. So the email I'm going to write them is something like thanks for joining or whatever you want to say. And then come out here and I'm going to start writing my message to the person. So I'm going to say hi. And then what's cool about the honors part is you can plug in that person's name. So scroll here on the right side. You click on the button that's personalized. I want to say hi first name. And then plug in that person's first name right there. The next page. Thank you so much for coming to my site. If you missed the video, please visit. I'm going to put in my sales letter URL again. Thanks again, Russell Brunson. OK. So I created that email. It's going to be sent out to me as soon as they opt in. I'm going to copy it. I'm going to paste it down here under the text message. Say the same thing. And then I click on save message. It's really cool that it just added. So there it is. First message that they get when they join is right there. So it's really easy. I'm going to say I'm going to add another follow up. Let's say the second day after they opt in, let's give them another thing. So the next thing might be, didn't you know? The message might be like hi. In the beginning of the call, we're going to click on personalize. Hi. First name. I'm not sure if you knew, but one of the cool features about my product is that it's really cool. If you didn't see that fact, click here. And then I put the, oops, not the whole thing. I want to put the sell letter URL in again. And I copy this. I come out here and I paste it in my text field. So you click on a bunch of wrap long lines. It will shrink it so it fits better than an email. The next thing that's cool about here is you look down here, it says interval. It's something you didn't see last time. It says interval. And it says email number two will be sent four days after the previous. But I want it to be sent one day after the previous. I'm going to change that to one day after the previous. And I click say message and we're done. So easy that is. So now day number one, there you can email us thanks for joining. Day number two, your email says didn't you know? I keep adding as many emails as I want. And I recommend adding a bunch. Add seven, 10, 15, add a bunch of them. And what you want to add in these emails is you want to pull out parts about your product that you may not have realized. Basically, I use the follow-up series, very similar to how you use. Basically, you take the sell letter, you chop up the sell letter, you deliver it to them through email in little bite-sized pieces. So day number one, you say, hey, here's one of the features and benefits of my products. Day number two, here's another feature. You keep pushing back the sales page. What we normally find out is we more than double sales, a lot of times triple sales through the follow-up series. A lot of people aren't going to buy a product the first time they opt in. They say it sounds good, but I'm not ready right now or whatever might happen. If you follow up three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10 times about that product, you keep telling them cool stuff about it. You show testimonials, you tell them more about it. It's going to happen every single time you get more and more people to buy it. A lot of times you'll double or triple your conversion through the follow-up series. So make sure you add a bunch of follow-ups. It's very, very important. That's how you do it in Aweber. Now, let's say you have a new product you want to launch. The process is very similar. You go to Messages, but this time you go to Broadcast. You click on Create a Broadcast Message. And then I'll use this time as you type the message in here. And then you click a button that says Send Now, and then it sends it to everybody, everybody on that list. So the process is almost identical. Okay, so that's how you do it in Aweber. Now, Eye Contact, I'll show you that as well. It's a little more complicated than Eye Contact. So what you need to do first, I believe, again, let me click around a couple of buttons to make sure I have the right process. Let's see. I want to create an auto-responder. So the first thing you do here, in Aweber, you create a list and then you hook on emails. Here you create a list and you have to create an auto-responder, then you have to enable the auto-responder, then you add messages. So it's a little different process. So auto-responder name is the Micro-Test Auto-Responder, and then Micro-Test. The source is what list you want to hook this auto-responder to. So I'm going to hook it to the Micro-C Test List. This is the person name that's going to come from Russell Brunson. And the from email address is going to be in my help desk email address. You can say add and save messages. In case I create the auto-responder, now this is going to be email number one. I'm going to say thanks for joining. Very similar to last time. Days from initial subscription, please send this one day after they subscribe. And the same thing, hi. Now in Eye Contact, they don't give you the list of all the tags very, very closely. So if you use Eye Contact, the tag is bracket F name bracket. That means first name. It's all lowercase. I one time put it in uppercase and everyone got an email that said hi F name. So make sure you find out what it is before you do it. But for Eye Contact, that's for first name is bracket F name bracket, all lowercase. Okay. Did you get my email? Question mark. Oops. Again, I posted a simple email. I can then copy that here. You can paste it here. And again, the process is very similar. I now save it. And the look right here says message number one is this one. It's going to be sent. Now if I want to add another message, I click on add message. It's the same process. I say send this message after day two or day three, whatever it might be. Okay. So that's, again, the process is very, very similar. Now the one thing you want to ensure you do in Eye Contact is that these auto-responders won't go out until you've enabled them. And it's always confusing. So I'm going to go ahead and go ahead and click on settings. I'm going to make sure I find it. This is the worst part. I took me forever to figure this part out about Eye Contact. So I'm going to have to click a couple of times to find the actual thing. Brenda Justin, if you want to jump out and let me know where it's at, I'd be at the process too. Okay. Then I can go click on my auto-responders. Okay. My auto-responders and clicking button here is just, okay, there you go. So you click on send tab, then you click on enable my auto-responders. There it is. Sorry about that. You enable my auto-responders, and then this is the last step. You have to make sure you enable it. It's right here. This is the new one we set up. If I don't enable it, which means click on this little blue link. If I don't enable it, that auto-responder will not work. So you click on enable, now it works. That's the kind of last step that's different in Eye Contact. You need to make sure you do as you need it to enable it, and then it will start working. Okay. So that's how you do that in Eye Contact. And send a broadcast. It's very similar to use Go To Create, create a message, and then create a new email from scratch, and then you type the email, click send, and it goes out. Okay. So very, very similar process. But that is basically, those are the steps that you need to follow to create your squeeze page, get your auto-responder, get everything set up. Very, not that difficult. Okay. So I'm going to do it real quick. I'm going to go through the homework real quick, and then open it up for questions at the end here. So homework time is very simple. First off, create your squeeze page. Watch this video again if you need to, but learn how to create the Weebly Squeeze Page and create it. Second step, set up your auto-responders. Get on your page, add at least three or four, or 10, at least three or four, but probably up to 10 different follow-up series. I'm sure I'm going to email saying, how often should I add a follow-up series? I do it every day. Every day for at least seven to 10 days. And after that, you can kind of drag it out, but make sure that you're communicating with your customers at least every day. Okay, with your subscribers. Next thing is to add your opt-in box to the squeeze page, and then submit the URL to your squeeze page in the members area so I can go see. Or actually, probably better yet, go post them in the members form. You get feedback from all the other members. I'll try to spend some time in there this weekend as well, giving some feedback and stuff, but post them to members area and have some members. The other members kind of get some feedback on your squeeze page and their feedback on it as well, so you get some other eyes on it besides just me. And that is the homework. So pretty simple. Brent, do you want to open up the questions? There are many questions coming right now. If anybody, if you guys have any questions about the stuff we talked about right now, please submit them. We've got a little bit here. We can go through some question answers, and then we'll be on our way. And I guess have a weekend to start working on these projects. Awesome. Well, first off, Russell, that was great training. I mean, I think there's a lot of people out there just kind of confused with that. And I know they definitely appreciate you going through step-by-step showing how to set that up. So that's perfect. Good. Okay, we do have a few questions. David, he says, Russell, how do we learn how to write auto-responder emails that don't get caught in spam even though we are emailing to our list? That's a good question. What I found, and I see about most of these auto-responders, especially Aweber does a really good job of this, is that it'll let you know as soon as you send an email. If there's lots of spam words in there, it'll pop up and say, this spam range is way too high. It has a little bar graph that'll say, this is, you know, it'll be red or yellow or just green. If it's green, don't worry about this. Yellow, there's a button you click on. It says, this is why it's in the spam trap. It says, you know, say, because you use the word free here. You use, you know, this phrase here. And it'll tell you all the things, the reason why it dinged it down. You can go back and you can edit it and change it and kind of pull those things out. You know, and so I would just kind of trust what Aweber or Iconic would they tell you, it changes all the time. They kind of keep on top of it. You know, the core things are, is, you know, the biggest things I guess are using phrases like make money, you know, even free is not as bad. I use free a lot and still email get through. But just kind of check the, check what Aweber or Iconic things tell you. And don't worry too much about it. I use a lot of email and then I, you know, click submit and then it comes up and it says, you know, nine, I'd say probably nine times out of ten. It's, it's five and the spam ratings and it's going to get through. The few times it goes over, I go back and I edit the one or two phrases and try to figure out different ways to change it. So the bulk of the time, as long as you just write normal emails and again, the way you write normal emails, make them very personal. Make them act like you're writing directly to a person. So it's not, you know, hey guys, it's hey you. You know, it's very specific. It's very direct to them. Talk like you're talking to them as a person. And that's what, you know, when you do that, you're not going to use words like, you know, the big ones like how to make money, you know, do you want to learn how to make money? Or say, you know, do you want to learn how to better your life? Or, you know, the way you talk to a friend. So I would say just you write emails like talking to a friend afterwards, check them and the software will let you know, you know, if the spam triggers you by and if so, go back and edit it and change it before you send them. Perfect. Okay. David asks, he says, Russell, if we're using a single opt-in, how do we not get in trouble with people saying that we are spamming them? I have been doing this for six years and you will get people every single day, every time you send an email who will push the little spam button AOL just because someone says that you spam them. Obviously it does not mean you spam them. If you use a company, iContact or Aweber, nice is they handle most of that management. So Aweber has deals with, you know, with AOL and most type of things. So if someone calls a spam to play, they let AOL know or AOL and these companies will let Aweber or IContact know and what IContact Aweber does, instead of just, you know, shutting you down saying you're spamming and closing you down, they realize most people forget. And as long as your spam complaints stay below a certain ratio, you'll, you're fine. You'll never hear from Aweber, you'll never hear from my contact, they don't bug you at all. If you get high, then they're going to call you and say, hey, are you spamming these people? But if you keep it below a certain rate, which isn't, I mean, we could probably, I don't know, 20, probably 20 plus spam complaints every time you send an email out to our list. So we get them every single time. But as long as the ratio is in whack, you know, they don't really care. And you, nine times out of ten, you'll never even know that they're getting spam complaints because these companies take care of it and they only contact you if it's out of hand. And if it's out of hand, they'll tell you, they'll say, look, we need to change this and this, or we need to scrub your list and pull out these, the things that are happening negative. And that's basically, you know, the software again, the auto responder software takes care of most of that for you. And we got lists, you know, we had what, 275 and Aweber and we had 300,000 in iContext. We have big lists and we've had spam complaints. Nothing, we've never gotten in trouble for. We've never been over the ratio. And again, these companies, they realize that people call spamming if they're not. So they give you the benefit out. They, you know, try to fix it. And again, it's not based on one person saying spam, they shut you down. It's based on a ratio. And they know people are going to say you're spamming when you're not. So don't be afraid of that as long as the ratio doesn't get too high. You're going to be fine. Great. Okay. David says, Russell, should we wait until next week to get an auto responder after the training from your friend about the shopping cart? His shopping cart does not have an auto responder built into it. So you're going to need an auto responder either way. So I would just probably, just so you can start using it getting, I mean, again, that's the most valuable tool in all of internet marketing. It would be very beneficial to get one and start learning how to use it and feeling comfortable with it. And if you get stuck, contact Aweber support or iContact support and they can walk you through the process because in all of internet marketing, that's the most powerful tool you have. And so it would be good if you start learning and getting used for now. If you want to wait because, you know, when your site's going to launch, you want to make sure you, you know, you want to get billed once, twice before, then I can understand that. But I would give it as quick as you can to start learning how to use them because, again, it's the most powerful. But everything you have, that's the only thing that you really need to make money. I'm going to make money with just my autosponder or nothing else if you've got one. So make sure that's kind of the most important thing that you're focusing on. Great. Okay. Some more autosponder questions. Russell, how should we set it up so that if someone has bought our product, they switch to a buyer list. That way they can get a different message. Good question. In Aweber, and again, I don't know exactly technically how to do it, but I know that it's possible and you can contact Aweber and they can walk you through it. So basically, with Aweber, what you do is you create two lists. You create a subscriber list and you create a buyer list. Now in your thank you page, what you do is you just put your opt-in box for your buyers. Say, hey, thanks for buying. Click, you know, fill this form here to get your microcontinuity training and to get, you know, that kind of stuff. And Aweber, there's a little, again, I haven't done it personally because we have people that do it for me. Actually, me personally, I just create a separate list. I don't pull them from the subscriber to a buyer. I keep, I personally keep them on a subscriber list even if they've bought because people know kind of reconfirming about how great the product is that they just bought. So I don't pull them off, but if you do pull them off, there's a trigger. There's something in Aweber that you can do that where it says, hey, if somebody joins this list, pull them off of this list. Again, I don't know how to do it because I've never done it, but if you contact Aweber support and just tell them, this is what I'm looking to do is to pull them from my subscriber list over to my buyer list when they join. What's the process? And it's not a difficult process. That is a couple of years ago I remember and everyone was super excited about it. I contact, again, I haven't, I've never done it with them. I don't know if they have a ability or how, but with Aweber, it is not that difficult. You just kind of follow that process and it'll work for you. Awesome. And Barbara is on here and she says, in Aweber, there is a setting that when a person subscribes to the second list, they are unsubscribed from the first list. Awesome. Yeah, so again, you can find it in there and if not ask their support. Aweber support is amazing. They're on live chat. You just click on the button and say, hey, this is where I'm stuck and they'll say, here's how you do it. And then you've got it figured out. It's very easy. Awesome. Another question. Which auto, so you showed two auto responders today. Which auto responder would you recommend? What are some pros and cons of both? I use both. So I recommend both, but there are pros and cons. If you, I would say, getting started, I would probably personally use Aweber. Okay, because it's easy to set up. It works. I think it's the fastest and easiest. It gives you the cleanest looking option forms. That'd be the kind of recognition that gets started. The biggest benefit of eye contact is they allow you to import lists. So if you're trying to move a list from one to the other, you have the ability to import about double opting in. Aweber, you don't. They make you double opt in, which means you lose 90% of your lists when you try to move them around. So what I did personally, I used Aweber until I started needing to move lists. That's an open eye contact account and then a little sending to move. I moved them into eye contact and that's where I managed the list through eye contact. Another thing about Aweber, again, is that they bill, at least last time I checked, they bill based on the size of your email database where eye contact bills based on how many emails you send. And so I think I pay $200, $300 a month right now for my Aweber, which has almost, I think it was $235,000 names on it. And I'm spending about $4,000 a month on my eye contact, which has $300,000 names, but it allows me to have $3 million. So again, there's pros and cons on both of them. I don't think if you're getting started, probably start with Aweber just because it's going to be a little cheaper to get started with. It's pretty easy and fast to set up, but if you think you're even moving lists around or that kind of stuff, look more at eye contact. Great. John asks, Russell, will there be a template as to what you put into a follow-up series? Wait, say again, is there a template? Yeah, will there be a template available in the membership area where people can go and kind of get just rough templates for a follow-up series? I wasn't planning on it, but I can put that to my to-do list and add something like that in there. What I'll do is I'm going to be creating, next week is my week of microcontinuity as far as finishing our own. We've got all of ours to the point of almost launching, so I'm going to be knocking out all of the autoresponder series, all that kind of stuff. So I'll do all this copy and paste of a bunch of ones I'm doing, post them in the members and that way we'll have some of the just swipe files of my actual emails I'm sending out in the follow-up series. Awesome. Okay, some different questions now here. And by the way, Craig says, just some comments, he says, I just want to say this, the size of this training is perfect. I've never been able to get my questions answered on other trainings I've been involved with. He says, well done. Well, thank you, Craig. I appreciate that. Okay, we've got some different questions here, some different direction. Chris says, is there a way to force YouTube to play automatically like when you have it on your squeeze page? Yes, there is. YouTube is actually there as a fact. It's not that difficult. Let me show you how. It's just a little tricky with the code. So YouTube Auto Play Code. You type in YouTube Auto Play Code and then let's see if I can find it real quick. Any couple of these will tell you. Yep, right here it is. So all you have is a little code right here. You can see it says, and auto play equals one. You add that code. Let's see. That's not a very good explanation on this one. I thought about it on YouTube's site before. There's just a little piece of code you add in there that tells it to auto play. And when you do that, it auto plays for you. So it's pretty simple. Let's see if I can find it. Perfect. This one gives you very, very good. Let me post this link to everybody because they need a very good description on how to do that. Basically, you take just a part of the code right here after the YouTube URL and auto play equals one. So if you guys look at that link I just sent you, I think I sent the whole audience. Look at the link I just sent you on that page. We'll show you the exact process of how you add that little auto play on a YouTube video and it'll make the YouTube video auto play. And I personally do recommend having an auto play on a squeeze page. We got to fight yesterday with a big marketer who was not the other way around. My opinion is that it's going to catch, it's just like a headline. You've got about one second to have the aid of principle happen. To gather their attention, get their interest, constant desire, and get them to take action. You've got about a second or so to do that and then it's gone. So I recommend jumping on that as quick as possible by having the auto play. If you want the auto play, a lot of people aren't ever going to click on it and you're going to miss out on it. Let's scroll. Let's see if you can see the code a little better here when I make it bigger. Can you guys see the texture brand on the page? Yep. Okay, that was because I showed the code there, hopefully for anyone who's watching this and didn't get the URL when I went to it. No, I just go like this. I went to Google and typed in YouTube auto play code and it was one of the first ones here that can explain exactly how to do it. Awesome. The video question kind of with this. Brian says, what is the best pro solution as opposed to YouTube, et cetera? I'm using Audio Actabat, but it's kind of slow. This has been kicking my tail two weeks now. I would say the best one to use is probably Vidler. This is one we're using right now for a lot of our pages. We use either Vidler or we use Vidler.com or we are using just created videos through our own system and then putting them on Amazon S3 or on our own servers. Either of those work, but Vidler works really good. Let me show you Vidler, vidler.com. If you want to create your own videos, kind of like what we do, what I'd recommend is a software that we use called FLV producer. One of our friends, Trace, you can create that software. There's Vidler and this is FLVproducer.com. This is really good software. It really softens your cool little players and all that kind of stuff. It takes a video file and makes it a little player and you can make an auto play or not an auto play. With this one, you've got to host it on your own servers, which isn't a big problem if you have your own website. If you're using Weebly, probably the best way to do it is using YouTube. If you're not using Weebly, if you're using your own site, you have a basic understanding of editing pages. I probably use FLVproducer or Vidler. Vidler, you can use Weebly as well because it'll give you the HTML embed code and you can just embed it just like we embedded the auto responder form. You can embed your Vidler form as well. Awesome. Okay, some other video questions. Barry asks, he says, Russell, what kind of video cameras and microphones do you recommend to record the videos with? My FreeCD is an e-book, so I will be recording the squeeze page video shortly. Right now, because of cost, I have a good webcam and a flipped video camera. I'd probably use a flip. Flip video camera is very high quality. You made squeeze pages before the flip. Again, these things don't have to be high tech. In fact, I would almost play off of that in your video. You say, hey, if you want to learn from some doctor, you really believe him or you want to learn from whatever, from some guy in Harvard. That's really cool, but if you want to learn from me, and I'm doing it right now, it goes into me and my basement, and I'm in my socks or whatever on my homegrown video. You don't have to be super professional. I would use your flip video or I would use just a cantagen video and make the PowerPoint slide and do that process. That is good enough, especially what we're doing, because people aren't buying corporate America. They're buying you, your personality, and the secret that you know that nobody else knows. Because of that, they're buying you. They're not buying something else. Make sure that your personality is coming through and all these things. It doesn't have to be super high quality. We use flip video for a lot of ours. We have another video camera. It's just a normal video camera. It's not anything super fancy. That's what we use for most of my videos. Terry says that you rock, Russell. Well, thanks Terry. You rock too. I appreciate it. Brian says, I tried Viddler, but how do you make it private so that the viewer can't click back to Viddler? That would be a question for my brother. There's a way, because you make my videos private. I personally don't know how to do it, but I would go through the support documentation. My brother just searched through it and found the little thing that said it's how you make it private. If you still get stuck, I can't find it. Let me or Brett or somebody know here and become my brother and write you an email and let you know exactly the process. But it's in there somehow. I know that it is possible. Awesome. Brian says, Russell, does Weebly let you embed video from Amazon S3? If you have the embed code, yes. Amazon S3 depends on how you do it. The easiest way to do it is to do an iframe. I'm not sure exactly how. Let me see. I don't give you an iframe code, but let me show you. If you do a custom HTML code and you pull it down here, what you can do is you can include an iframe. I don't know what the iframe code is because I'm not a programmer, but let me open the front page. The front page is where I design my website, that. It's a little more complicated, but I've been doing it for five or six years. I click an inline frame and the inline frame basically says, set initial page. I put the URL to my Amazon video. Let's just say it's www.ebay.com. Let's say that's where my Amazon video was. Someone look at the code here. If I give me an error because I don't want to show eBay through an iframe. Let's see. Okay. So I'm going to do this. I'm going to take this code right here. The code, if you can see it, says bracket iframe, space, name, a bunch of technical stuff. You make an iframe like that. If you want to make an iframe, you can go to Google and have an iframe. You make a little iframe and you come back here to your HTML and you make your custom HTML. You just post that iframe in there. The iframe will then pull your video from Amazon. See example on eBay basically from through an iframe. An iframe is basically like having another browser or another Internet Explorer or Firefox window inside your page with some other website showing. So you just show your video through the iframe. That's kind of how we do it. A lot of our videos that are on Amazon, we just use an iframe and pull it through the iframe. Awesome. Good stuff. So we have a couple of questions here. Brian says, he says, Russell, do you find that enabling tracking decreases your open rates because it gets flagged as a possible phishing site? He says, for example, AT&T will display a scary warning message because of the Aweber tracking link. That's a good question. I personally, we do our own internal tracking. So I always turn the tracking links off through Aweber because I think you're dead on there. There can be problems like that. We normally just set our own links. And when I remember, I don't enable tracking links. But there's pros of having Aweber's tracking links. And the pros is you can have everything tracked internally inside of Aweber. So you can show this many emails or send this many open, this many or click. They give you really detailed stats if you're tracking all in one spot. If you do your own external tracking, then you lose that kind of having all the stats together because you still do the same kind of thing. One thing you can do, this is kind of a little secret. It's not cheap. So I wouldn't do it long term, but you can do it for a little while. There is a service by Aweber. It's called deliverymonitor.com. If I can spell right. And again, this is a service that's created by Aweber. And I think it's like $70 or $80 a month. So if you do order it, order it for a little while, test it out. But don't, I think it's pretty expensive to keep long term. But what this service does, it gives you a bunch of seed email addresses. So you can put these in your list. It gives you like 20 or 31s. One from Gmail, one from AOL, one from Yahoo and all this stuff. And what it does is every time you send an email, I send this to all these different lists that are on your seed list. And then deliverymonitor will give you stats and say, OK, in Aweber, this email landed, or excuse me, in AOL landed your junk folder, this is why. And Yahoo, this folder, this is probably why. It gives you all the major ISPs. It tells you exactly where your email landed and why. And so you look back and say, hey, it's landed here because of this, because of this, or because of the tracking links. It'll kind of give you some details about that. You can do some research. Then you can change it. So if you're having a problem with Aweber's tracking URL, putting you in a junk folder, or causing you to do different things like that, deliverymonitor will give you kind of an idea of everything that's happening with your emails as they're going out and give you kind of a better view of what's actually happening, if they're actually getting delivered, and those type of things. Awesome. OK, just a couple more questions here. Brian asks, is there a service like Kanaki that does both print and audio slash video on demand and ships with no minimum? I think none that I personally use. I think there's a couple print on demand book spots. I think what they are, I can't remember on the top of my head. I know there's one that I've heard of that'll do print on demand books that'll print it and ship it, similar to Kanaki, but it's not as clean as Kanaki. It's not nearly as simple as that. On the top of my head, I'm not sure what it is or even how I'd be able to find it. I'll do some research to try to find it. But I remember seeing one three or four years ago, something similar to that. Great. OK. Brian says thanks for the iframe explanation. Last question here. At the very beginning of the training, roughly you said to record 10 to 20 minute audios. The question is, can you explain on the 10 to 20 minute audios, is that for each microcontinuity session or each step within a microcontinuity session? Shouldn't the sessions be a little bit longer? OK. The training is for the steps. Each week you're getting a new step. It can be as long or short as you can justify with your going. If you're charging them $1 a month, it can be 10 seconds long. If you're charging them $50 a month, it probably need more bulk. It just depends a lot on your customers. Some people, to explain the concept and give them something good, it's going to take more than 10 minutes. It might take 20 minutes. It might take 30 minutes. It might take an hour. That's something you have to fill out with your niche with what it is you're selling, what your customer is looking for. You get customers who watch and say, you gave me 10 minutes of content for four times four a week. So it was 40 minutes of content. I paid $40 a minute. That wasn't worth it. People say that, then go back and bulk it up or add different resources or add other value added things along with it. The way that I'm doing mine is I have a 10 minute video or so. They're basically teaching a concept and then I'm delivering here's resources, here's other materials, things to help supplement that and make it stronger. So it's kind of a variation of a couple things. I would say, I heard someone say, quote one time about this. They basically said that having training like this, it needs to be very similar to a mini-scurse. It needs to be long enough to cover the subject but short enough that it's still interesting. If you go for too long, it's going to be really, really boring. So I want to make sure that, again, I said long enough that it covers the subject but short enough that it's interesting. That's kind of what you want to do with these micro-training. Awesome. And it looks like one last question just came in here from Dave. He says, what do we do if people want the whole course right up front instead of waiting for the seven weeks or the two months? That's a good option. One thing you can do, and we talked about this internally here, is that could be one of your one-time offers. As soon as they purchase, your one-time offer happens right after they purchase. They say, hey, we're delivering this content for you over the next 36 weeks. Somebody has wanted it now. They should have wanted it now in physical format. They want it now with DVDs or whatever. For $197 or $1,000, we'll ship you the whole thing today. And it won't be a monthly. And you can definitely use your one-time offer as a way to sell out the whole course immediately if they're looking for that. And I even recommend, every week you're delivering this content. My friends will have a little plug in this, and say, hey, you're on week three of 36. You want to get 36 weeks now for 50% off or for 75% off, click here. And they can get the whole thing at a discounted price or for a little bit cheaper if they buy the whole thing up front right now, which is actually really smart. Because you get a normal continuity program. The person is staying three to four months on average. And when you know that, if you can make more money by giving them the whole thing for, say, it's a six-month program, you can give it to them for more than you'd make after a typical three to four-month cycle before they cancel, then that's a better way to do it, obviously. Awesome. Well, that's all I got over here. Okay, awesome. Well, you guys, I appreciate your time. I appreciate your reflexes. We'll just have to move our training from yesterday. Hope it was beneficial. Hopefully you got a lot of your questions answered. To keep you guys this weekend, go out, create your squeeze pages, set up your auto-responder, get your often box, get all the pieces together. Next week we're going to be working on setting up the sales page, which the process is a very similar squeeze page. A lot of times it's actually easier because you're going to have to create a lot of the other pieces. So we'll talk about that next week and working in the sales part process done. Keep posting your comments, your questions into the forum. I'll be there trying to answer stuff. I know a lot of the other students are there answering stuff. And it's kind of returning to a good little community of people talking and networking. Have a good weekend, you guys. Keep working on your projects. And I'm looking forward to seeing some more success stories. I'm going to be at Dan Kennedy's event in about two and a half weeks. Yeah, about two and a half weeks now, almost three weeks. Speaking, I want to feature as many of you guys' products up there on the platform in front of a thousand other people as possible. So if you can get your sites done and launch before then, I'm going to have a big huge slide, talk about your project in front of pretty much the whole world. So make sure that if you guys can get them done before then and get them launched, make sure you do that. And we will talk to you guys on Monday. Thanks again, Brent. Thank you for your time. And I'll see you guys on Monday. Thanks.