This one is automated webinars. So the very first time, so we did, we've done webinars forever. And we're going to show you about our webinar script tomorrow, how we close the webinar, how we do all of our kind of stuff. But about four years ago, I think it was four years ago, we have our high end mastermind group and we met at, we had one of our meetings, this place called Pirate's Cove. It's this big pirate house out in Vegas. And Rich Sheffrin was in the group and his business partner, Brian Johnson, were there. And they came in with this idea, we had this idea, we're going to build out this automated webinar. And they showed this mind map and it was like the most insane, intense thing I'd ever seen. I was like, dang, it was crazy. They registered, we're going to take them here, then here, all these different things and different email sequences. And it was so complex, I was like, good luck, man, that's horrible. And then they went and they implemented it. And for like two years, nobody knew what they were doing and they were just killing it with this automated webinar, doing this whole sequence. And then he showed Mike Phil say, Mike Phil, something got excited, built some software to automate the whole thing and do the whole thing. He launched that and then everyone started, it's become this big thing, right? So a lot of people do automated webinars, but I love automated webinars just because you do a live webinar once. They take that video and make it automated. For the rest of your life, you can keep driving people through that funnel. We did our dot com secrets labs webinar two and a half years ago, I think, or three years ago. We did the webinar as an automated webinar. We launched it live within the first, I think it was the first 90 days we did a million dollars in sales. And over the last three years, we're over three million dollars in sales. Every day, people get in there, they buy it, and it just works. I don't do anything. Like right now, I'm giving a presentation selling dot com secrets labs to somebody. Every single day, every hour on the hour, somewhere in the world, someone's watching that, getting sold dot com secrets labs and I can do anything I want. We launched dot com secrets X, same thing with an automated webinar, and every hour on the hour, someone thinks I'm pitching them live and it's working awesome. So I love automated webinars. They're great. And so this is kind of the funnel of how we do an automated webinar. Very simple. You come to the first page and you register, and there's a confirmation page. Or one of the tests we found out, and it's a test that I didn't want to win, but it won. I saw Rich Sheffernoon, where he added on his registration page, it was like, do you want to watch the webinar today, tomorrow, or Friday? And he had an option, or watch yesterday's replay right now. And I didn't like that idea because I thought the whole point of automated webinars is to build this whole sequence up and have people show up for a live thing. But he added that, so we decided to add it to test it, and it turned out like 50% of our sales came from people who watched yesterday's webinar right now. So there's kind of two paths here. Either they register for an event in the future, which takes them to confirmation page, or they watch the replay right now and it takes them to the page where they can watch the webinar immediately. Because that's kind of the initial path. And after they do that, they start getting emails. And there's four different email segments. And what's cool about ClickFunnels is it does all this automatically for you, so you can just kind of know what it is and then it magically does it for you. So the first segment are subscribers. Anybody who fill out form right here, they're subscribers, and they'll start getting emails, reminding about the event, when it's going to be happening, things like that. Then when the webinar actually starts, if somebody shows up, then it switches them from the subscriber list to like, hey, this person actually showed up on the webinar. And you can start sending them different emails because they showed up on the webinar. And then it tracks, and it says, how long does this person stay on the webinar? They stay on the webinar for five minutes, and it knows that that person left early and didn't see it, so push them emails, tell them to go watch the replay because they only saw five minutes of it. And then they'll go watch all 90 minutes of it, and they see your pitch, and then they leave, but they don't buy. Then you can send them different segments saying, hey, you saw the whole thing, here's the offer. Here's the offer, and push the offer to them over and over and over again. And then if they don't show up at all, you find them to different, if they miss their time, bun some different segments and try to remind them to go watch the replay. So it's really cool, automatically, it kind of all happens in the background. You push them to the webinar, webinar you teach and do your magic, and then at the end of it, boom, you sell your product. Who here has done an automated webinar before? Three or four of you guys. Awesome. This is one of the best follow-ups. This should be, as we're kind of mapping out your guys' business, what I look at typically is, a lot of people are showing me the front-end stuff, right? To get your front-end and your upsells, you're kind of selling the first of the value ladder. Now they're on your list. How do we monetize these people? Webinars is the best way to sell products from $500 to about $2,500. So my middle of the value ladder products, webinars are the best way in the world to sell them. Okay? And so, if you have a product, which you should, if you don't have one yet, we'll make sure you guys get higher ticket products. But when you have a product, it's anywhere from that $500 to $2500 range, webinars are the best way to sell. You don't need a salesperson, you don't need anything, you need, that's what you, this is the best way to sell them by far. It used to be tell us seminars, we used to always do it on tell us seminars, now we do it on webinars. And I said, tomorrow I'll be showing you guys our webinar script. So when you do your webinar, since you create your product, then you'll sit down to your webinar and you'll open this up, and you'll just be like, anyway, you'll just go through it and just follow my script and you'll make money. I promise you. Well, I probably can't guarantee that, but I can guarantee it. You follow the script, it works. Any product you plug in, follow the script, it works. So anyway, this is, this is how we sell the middle of the value ladder type stuff. It's something you all need to learn to do because it's the best way to make big cash. Anytime you're like, ah, I want an extra hundred grand really quick. This is the best way to do it. And remember, thought that before? Because in the near future, you're going to be thinking that. You have all this stuff happening, you're like, I got to list 10,000 people, how can I make 100 grand tonight? I'm going to do a webinar, that'd be awesome. Okay, either a live one or an automated one, the script's the same, and after you do it once live, you get a whole bunch of cash really quick, and then you plug into here, and then long term for the rest of your life, you can keep making money on it. Okay, we did that high ticket secrets webinar last month. We made a big huge hunk of cash really quick. Now we took the recording of it, we plugged it into this, and we got an automated webinar coming out. We're going to start promoting that next week, and then like I said, we got the DVD version of it, which will be the DVD version of that webinar as well, which will be selling as a front end, which all spills people into the exact same funnel. One of my friends, Brittany Lynch, she was right out of high school, got into the whole internet marketing world, and she had created like a $50 product, and she didn't know how to write sales letter or anything, so she started doing webinars. And she was crushing it selling these $50 products on webinars, and then she's like, well, I might as well like charge more, because we're making a bunch of, she raised probably to $1,000 and started making it more, and she charged $2,000, and she just kills it. If you want to sell people into a network marketing program, one of the best ways is get them on a webinar. Get 500 people on a webinar, pitch your offer, and boom, you sign 30 distributors in five minutes, right? You want to pitch a continuity program, with the same things. In fact, one of our most successful, this is a sneaky one for those who have continuity, one of our best things we've ever done is when we launch a continuity program, we'll probably do this when we do our ClickFunnels launch. You do a big, huge webinar, build a hype, get a thousand people on this webinar. You do a webinar for 45 minutes, go through the script, and then if you're like, okay, this is the deal, you guys. It's 15 minutes until whatever time, 6 o'clock. At 6 o'clock sharp, we're doing a members-only webinar, where I'm going to show you this, this, this, this, and this, and you have to be a member to be able to have access to it, and so you've got about 15 minutes to join the program, and then the live training is starting, so go. And literally, you see people go crazy, and we'll get, like, literally, we'll get three, four, five hundred orders in 15 minutes for our continuity. Because we're going to have this live training that's happening in 15 minutes, and then we get on, and boom, we have live trainings, those guys. Every time we launch a continuity, that's what we do, and it's just like, it's just like steroids, like a shot of adrenaline immediately. All right, so automated webinars. Yes, so the way automated webinar works is a free event, they come to it. It's just like, look back in the old MLM days, how did people sell stuff? Who ever's been to a hotel meeting? Come on now, you can admit it. You come to a hotel meeting, the dude in the front with the tie on, the suit, look at all slick, and he's telling you about how he's making a million dollars a day, and you're like, oh, this is awesome, and the end of it, he's like, okay, this is the deal. This is how much it costs, go to the back of the room and sign up, and everyone runs to the back of the room and goes and signs up, right? That's how automated webinars work. You get a whole bunch of people on the webinar, you teach your thing, you do your stuff, and then you sell your thing at the end. Okay, now for the MLMers in the crowd, this is something cool, and click funnels too. Think about how MLMs got built. It was a hotel meeting, dude closed you, and then what did he say at the very end? Hey, next Tuesday, I'm going to be back here. Want me to help you sign up your buddies? Bring all your friends and family, bring them in this room, I'll close them for you. They're like, sweet man, you go home, hey, I got this meeting, I want to take you to next Tuesday, you want to go? Hey, boom, you get five or six of your friends. Next week, you show them twice the many people in the room, because everyone who signed up the week before has got their five buddies. Dude's got the suit on, closes it again, gets them to sign up, right? This is how it works. And next week, he's like, hey, Tuesday I'm coming back. So all you guys have to sign up, bring your friends, okay? And that's how MLMs have grown for years, right? Everyone online struggles with MLMs, like how do I get this thing to grow? And all you have to do is think about how they grew in the past, okay? So what we do is you have to do a webinar, you become the slick dude in the front of the thing, you pitch your MLM, you pitch your thing, and at the end of it, you're like, by the way, this webinar happens every single night, it's automated, bring your buddies back tomorrow, I'll close them for you, okay? What's cool about ClickFunnels is that when you create an automated webinar, so if you are in an MLM, you create an automated webinar and we give you a share code, so when somebody joins your team, you give them that share code, they click a button and boom, it throws that entire automated webinar in their account, they log in and just change the sign up link to theirs, and now they got it. And then give it to their down line, they give it to their down line, and really quickly, you can start replicating and growing a team. You like that, huh? Yes, the network marketers in the room are like salivating. But automated webinars, like this is a skill, if there's any skill you guys can need to learn, learning how to sell on a webinar will make you more money than anything. I remember the very first Internet marketing event I ever went to was Armand Moran's big seminar. I was brand new to this whole world, I was so excited about Internet marketing, and I thought it was going to be an event like this where I was going to learn stuff for three days, right? I show up at the event and I got my notepad, the first speaker gets up, and he's talking and he's doing his thing and I take notes, and at the end of it, he like sells this like $2,000 package, right? And there's probably 500 people in the room, and I look back, and all these people are running to the back of the room, and they're signing up and they're throwing their credit cards down, and I'm like $2,000, I do the math, I'm like $2,000, $4,000, $6,000, $8,000, $10,000. I'm like, that dude just made $80,000. I say, $8,000, holy crap, but I was like just freaked out, right? And then the next guy gets up and he goes up, gives his speech to the end, and he's like pushes him in the back of the room by his thing, and people are running back, and he was selling this for $5,000, I'm looking at the back and I'm counting the people, and I was like doing the math and I looked down, okay, that guy just made $150,000, and the next guy gets up for three days, we're getting pitched after pitched after pitched, and I was doing the math on this, and I was like, that is a skill I have to figure out. At the time, I was a shy, nerdy, awkward kid who did not dare talk to anybody ever, okay? He asked my wife, she's still like, she sees me things like this, she's like, so weird how you talk to people, like you're not like that in your real life, but that's how I, you know, and so I was like, this is a skill set that's so important, someone can make $50,000 in 90 minutes, I'm gonna take some effort to learn how to do this, right? And so I did, I studied thing after thing, I cut my teeth and screwed up and did pitches in front of a huge audience that nobody bought and killed myself to make a script that I'm gonna give you guys tomorrow so that you guys won't screw up like I did, but it's a skill that's worth learning, okay? Because as soon as you have an audience, the biggest, fastest way to make money, get them on a webinar, sell them some expensive stuff, and do it all day long, okay? I remember Brent, the first time Brent came to a seminar with me, I did my, and he was like straight out of like working at a pharmacy, he'd never been introduced to this world, I'm like, come to this event with me, I'm doing an event, I'm speaking, I do my pitch, people were on the back, and I made $80,000 in 90 minutes, and he was like, dude, doctors don't make that much and like, you made that in 90 minutes, and I was like, yeah, isn't that awesome? And I didn't even like, it's funny, because after a while, it won't even be that big a deal for you because you won't even, like, oh crap, you just did 80 grand, like you're kind of upset about it, right? And then you realize like, wow, how far have I come? It's really interesting, so you guys will start to see that same thing, like, it all ties to everything we talked about, attractive character, audience, platform, boom, selling stuff. You follow these steps that we're doing, you start building this audience and this platform, man, this little tool right here can make you guys more money in an hour than you've dreamt of an entire lifetime. I've seen people doing over a million dollars in a webinar before, I've never done that personally, but I've seen people doing a million dollars in sales from one webinar, so like, literally, it can change everything. In fact, here's kind of an interesting story. We had a call center built up to 100 people and we had to shut it down and all this stuff was happening, we were moving to a smaller office and firing like 50 employees and it was a big story I can tell you guys all another day, but basically we were at the point where we were kind of in trouble and we had to figure out something to do or we were going to be, like, we were a bad spot. And Mike, you probably remember this, so the night that we're moving out of our last office, we've cleared off everything, desks are empty, all I have left is a little desk and a laptop and a phone, and I promote this webinar to my list, I'm like, we've got to make some money quick or else, I've got nothing left, like, we literally had no money to even pay our rent in the next bill, like, it was just, it was a scary time, and so again on the webinar I had only like 30 or 40 slides, I get on this webinar, I start going through the process and teaching them, training, da-da-da-da-da, close the sale and within 24 hours I get $100,000 in our bank account. I was like, whew, we can survive another day. And I still remember like that, like, as soon as you guys learn these skills and you get this platform, you get the audience, you'll be amazed at how, what you can do and how it can save you in scary times, how it can help you make money other times, but these are skills that are important, and after you've learned how to pitch, man, this funnel, this automated webinar funnel, will pay you for the rest of your life. Who here wants an automated webinar funnel now? Cool, well the first three people in the back of the room, I'm just joking.