Some of you guys are a little confused. So what are you here? It's like, how to and then what do they desire most without what they fear the most, right? So a couple examples from my world I've done in the past, right? We did a high ticket phone sales webinar, right? So what do you want the most? How to sell super high ticket expensive stuff without? How many of you guys want to get on the phone and call people all day to sell stuff? No one did, right? So mine was like, how to sell super high expensive stuff without ever picking up the phone? Boom, a million dollar webinar overnight, OK? How to lose a whole bunch of weight without giving up cookies, ice cream, or pizza, right? Give me a market. Give me something. I'm going to do one. Give me. What do you got? Over here. I got here and helped you with this. How to keep sizzling your marriage without having debt do you a part? Debt do you a part? Debt do you a part. Is debt OK with that? OK. Debt. Yeah, debt I think. Yeah. So it's financial. Because financial kills the marriage? Yeah. OK. So what they desire most, they want awesome marriage, right? OK, so sizzles good. How are they making sex here? You're asking the wrong guy. Who could turn the sexy on that? Sizzles good. Like, what do you guys want in a marriage? What do you want? I have a wish. I have a wish. For them? It could help, because it's in the movie. OK, let's hear it. How to keep your man passionately and put this thing in love with you without being ridiculous, giving up his trade, and pulling the person right in. And that's ours, but it's like the word. That's good. Passionate, like fire. Yeah, so how to have an insanely passionate marriage without the stresses of the fight. Let's see. Because the hook then is like the people are struggling, because the debts and money is like stressing them out, so financial stress, which is hurting their marriage, right? So the desire most is like, how to reclaim the love of your significant other. We're talking to new couples. To new couple. Oh, so they're just getting married. OK, so how to. Because the new couples, they already have the passion and desire, right? Yeah, so keep the passion. And then how to protect yourself. They got a bullpup. Yeah, like how to protect yourself. Because how many do you know this morning? How many people ended a divorce because of financial things? You know the percentages? 57? All right, there. So how do they don't believe it, though, at first? So they're desiring. When they're coming into this world, they're just got married. They're excited. They're happy. He said how to create amazing life together. So to keep the honeymoon or something. How to keep the honeymoon rocking. Keep the fire burning. Keep the fire burning. OK, so that's what's going on. So how to keep the. But I'm thinking, when I got married, that wasn't my fear, though. Like everything was rocking. That wasn't my fear. What was my fear? What I desire most? The honeymoon never to end? Is it the honeymoon phase? Like how to keep the honeymoon phase without the. Without financial stress. Without financial stress. Without, yeah. This closer. Yeah. I just got to put it like, when I'm thinking about it, I want to put myself in the mind of the person. Like for me, if you're a doc on a stickers book, and I was 12 years old, I was ordering junk mail online. I was sitting there in my room reading all these sales letters from the best marketers back 25 years ago. So whenever I'm creating something, I'm like, if 12 year old Russell was sitting in his bedroom with junk mail, like, I'm excited. Like I always was. Like, would I be like, mom, I need you to cut this out and mail it in with your credit card? Would I beg my mom to cut out this thing and mail it in? That's how I'm always thinking about my market. Like, would 12 year old Russell beg his mom for her credit card? If so, I'm like, boom, that's a good tip. It's like, I'd be like, oh, cool. And I put it down. And the hook's not right. So I'm only thinking, like, me, I'm just priming myself. I just got married to my beautiful wife. We're living in our first apartment. We're completely broke. We're having fun. Like, what would get me to be like, collect? Can we finance the credit card? She'd be like, no, you're more on that. But what would be a thing where I tell my wife, we need to put money on this. Because if I put yourself in that mindset, that person in the spot where they're going to see this, they'll be scrolling through Facebook and they're going to see this, what's going to get them to stop? And be like, whoa, that is exactly what I desire most. That's what I'm scared to death of. If I can get that without that, like, I'm in. What if you flip it and say, I'm not a big company, and people don't have financial stress? What if you had to create a financially healthy marriage without financial aid, without losing the passion or something like that, or without losing the honeymoon, or without having to quit Q-bots? What did you think about another one? How he said your wife said $17,000 and how to knock it off? You didn't have a without. It was and and how you do it in an interesting way. So the thing that you think you could do is instead of saying the without, the fear, you say, hey, I'm telling you how this awesome thing. That's a good point. Again, this is the headline template. So there are other ones that may work better. It's just a good starting spot. She was saying basically, it could be how to increase the love and passion in your marriage and do that even on a $7.95 minimum wage job, something like that, or I don't know. If I was in the hook, I'd probably have a pre-headline. It was like, did you know that 57.3% of all marriages fail because of financial strain and burden? And then how to protect your marriage and keep the passion alive without stressing out about bills, credit cards, student loans, and blah, blah, blah, blah, something like that. Because now it's like, there's the frame of like, oh my gosh, 50% chance we're losing this. Yeah, so somewhere in there. Can you get closer? Thank you. Cool. Yep. I got two versions. How to build a new coaching career without the fear of losing your security. OK. It's kind of, yeah, someone's, have me to make it sexy. I think it's right. So they desire most. My biggest desire is I want to start my own coaching career. It's part of their desire. That's the result, right? But the desire is like, what? They want to make money. They want to help other people. Most people is like, because they want to help. They've built a new career. Yeah? Self-employed. OK, so how to make that sexy? How to become a millionaire. Maybe. Is that what your program does to people? Earlier we talked about you said your thing's two parts. First, fixing yourself so you can fix other people. So it's like, how to make a huge impact, changing other people's lives without getting stuck in the stuff that's holding you back or something like that. Because I don't think people desire. They may want. There's the different levels of intensity. They want a new job. They want a new career. But they desire. They keep you up at night like that. The word desire just invokes like, oh, I need that thing. I can't sleep at night. What is it that they desire? Like, they desire. Excuse me. Is it what they're desiring? The impact, they desire significance. What's the thing? They want to be on stage talking. They want to be helping people. Actually fixing. What's that desire that transcends just like a career switch? You know what I mean? Excuse me. Get some water before I choke up here. Yeah, we're going to keep moving forward. Because if we spend too much time on this. Yeah, is that OK? OK, you guys have a framework. And now again, like I said, this is one version of the headline. If you watch all my webinars, like, there isn't on all of them, but that's the beginning point of start. So I'll have that. And I'm like, OK, can I make this better? There's other ways to do it. Do I tell a story? Do I bring the story of me? My weird niche funnel that's currently making me $17,947 per day and how you can effort to knock it off in less than 10 minutes, that one converted higher. It was sexier. It got people more in. So now I'm taking a specific story. That's just another headline template, right? So if you guys, the next headline template would be OK. How do we take a success story of myself or one of my students or someone's gone through this until that is the headline? How my student did blah, blah, blah, blah, blah without, blah, blah, blah. There's different ways to do it. This is the starting point. OK, so whenever I'm starting any webinar that I'm building, the first thing I do is I figure out, what is the hook? What's the headline? What's that thing? For me, it's like, if I don't have that, it's hard for me to do anything else. I need to know what that is. So sometimes as you start building the webinar out, the headline will change. But for me, that's the foundation. What is the hook that's going to get people in? So that's what I want you guys to always starting with. And this is always evolving. It's fun to play with. And when you start actually running ads, a lot of times we'll run 10 different headlines in the ads. So John, it is my ads, we'll run them all. And he's like, OK, that one that you thought was awesome actually sucks. Nobody's clicking on it. But this one's actually amazing. I'm like, oh, who knew? So I'll go back and change all the stuff on the landing page and the PowerPoint slide. So again, the market will tell you what's actually right. This is the starting round. We'll test a lot of things. Did you say that you just put one on the sales page at first, but you run like 10 ads to test? And then once you get some data, you'll go back and fix things. Yep. If you're going to jump into the highest page, you just make one, but get the ads different. Yep. Yep. So I suppose you make sure you guys don't all understand that. So what we have is when we start launching our webinar, here's the landing page. And it's like, how to blank without blank. But John will run ads, and he'll have 10 different ads right here. And this headline will be the same as this, but this one's a different variation. We have just things we're trying out. And we'll round robin these and find which one will get the highest click-through rate. It's like, hey, that one's getting people to click. So then after we figure that out, he tells me, and I'll come back. And if you guys watched the webinar we did, software secrets, you guys probably aren't geeks like me and watch it. But the headline that we started with, it was different than the headline that when the webinar actually started, it was a completely different headline. So it shifted because the market told us, hey, this one actually sucks, and this was actually awesome, which made me mad because the first one was so good, I thought. But apparently it wasn't. Do you use the Facebook ad to basically split test the headline? Yes, we let the market tell us what actually is true. That's why my inner circle people always coach me. Hey, Russell, you telling me which headline you like best? I'm like, no. I might be wrong. The market will tell you. Spend $30. It'll tell you exactly what it is. When Tim Ferris wrote four-hour work, we guessed what he didn't do. He didn't call his mom and be like, hey, mom, do you like the name of this book? Who cares what your mom thinks, right? He went to Google. We placed a bunch of ads, and he had 20 different titles in which the one that had the highest click-through rate, he named the book that. And the market told him what they wanted, and he blew it up. Let the market tell you. When we did the viral video launch, how many of you guys watched our nude squirrel viral video thing? For a week prior to that video launching, the Harmon brothers who built that video force did all sorts of testing on which thumbnails got the highest click-through rate, which headlines got the highest click-through rate, and then which video intro. We had six different intros of how the video introed, and they tested all those things, and they were like, it was funny because you'd watch the video, and you click on it, and go to a page that had nothing to do with anything. It just took them to the ClickFunnels home page. If you were actually clicking, you'd be so confused because this makes zero sense at all. But we did that. We spent about $30 per test. We were in probably, I don't know, $500 or $600. And by the time it was done, I knew exactly what headline, what image, and what video intro was the best. Then we stopped everything, and then we built that out. When we launched, we knew exactly what the market was most likely to click on, what they're likely to respond to, which intro hooked in the fastest. So that's what we test stuff now. We're building something. I'll send to John. OK, here's my headline. Go do a bunch of stuff and see which one's the best. Let me know because I'm building slides right now. I'll come back next day and say, OK, this is the one that's getting the highest click rate. Boom, now I know for sure. So we talked about earlier, let the market tell you what the truth is. Don't just judge it based on asking your friends or family. I don't even know how long you run the force. Remember, pretty quick, though. Just know from. It's a statement to an actual webinar registration agent, Captain, who leaves, right? Depends on if I've got that created yet or not. It's still worth a couple hundred bucks for me to find out the headline. I know you didn't want that because I clicked on one of your ads to something. I can't remember what it was. And it ended up on a totally different product. And I was like, something's broke. Something's gone, OK. I don't like your stuff. Yeah. Hopefully they'll buy something from me, but it didn't really matter. Do you talk to the most seen people? Does it add all to the exact same audience? Or is it different audiences? Ask John that question. I don't even know. Is this the audience we know that our responders is probably like our warmer audience? We can figure out what they're going to be most likely to click on. But yeah. OK. So again, this is the foundation starting point. But then you're going to throw up a bunch of different things to find out. Real quick. I know there's a law on when you can say how to versus how I. When can you say how to versus how I? I heard it was like maybe Frank Kern said a claim can get you in trouble. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. I don't know the law. I'm not sure. I know that how I converts better than how to, typically. The more specific the thing is. But I don't know legally. I'm not a legal lawyer. I don't play on TV. Don't trust my opinion. So. OK. All right. So what I want to do right now is I want to kind of transition a little bit. So somebody comes in here and they see the headline. They're scrolling through Facebook or Google or whatever. They see this thing. They're like, that's me. That's what I want. They click on the ad. They come to the registration page. Usually the registration page is the same headline. They then opt in to register for this event. They're all excited. Now it's like, now we're going to get them on this thing. This is our webinar. Now we talked about this before with the big domino. The entire goal of the whole webinar is a domino. The only thing that I care about is I need to get this domino and knock it over. Because if you created the statement earlier, Stephen worked the guys on, if I can convince them that this is true, then they have to give me money. So my goal is not try to convince them that I'm awesome and that this is true and all these other things. My only goal is to convince them that this domino should. So if I come to you and you're like, I'm a business owner. I do whatever. I'm like, really? Did you know that the only way to 10x your business in the next 24 hours is having a funnel? That's my belief. If you had a funnel, it doesn't matter. Any business you give me, my belief is that you have to have this funnel. And if you have a funnel, it'll blow up any business. If you can give me any business off the street, I throw a funnel in it, we can blow up the business. That's my belief. So my goal is to get you to believe, you're a business owner. A funnel is, if you have a funnel, we can 10x your business. That's why I got to get them to believe. If I can begin to believe that, this thing tops over and now they got to buy click funnels, and then they're going to get into everything else, and they're going to keep in my process. So I just got to convince them of that one thing. If you create a sales argument, you're trying to give it somebody of two things, your conversion rate will drop in more than half instantly. If you do three things, you're screwed. You're not making any money. You only need to, and you only should be getting them to believe one singular thing. So if you look at the way my webinar is structured, all I'm doing is trying to get them to believe one singular thing, and if I can get them to believe that, then they have to sign up. They have to give us money. That's the key to this whole thing. And so people a lot of times are like, well, we're also going to talk about three secrets, all these things like, all those things are only about convincing them of one thing. So if you come on the webinar, and here's my big domino. The way I'm going to do this, and we'll talk about it in a second, is through stories. If you look at the way that this webinar structure is all built, it's based on four stories. We tell people four stories, and the four stories, all structured, can get them to believe that this thing is true. So the first story that we tell somebody is called the origin story. This is your story about why you believe this is the thing. Because I'm guessing that if you're here, you spend all this money and all this time, you're here because you believe this thing is actually the greatest thing in the world. Otherwise, why are you investing your time and energy into this? So you believe this for some reason. So why do you believe that thing? You got to figure that out. So that's number one. And that's my first class. If I only have 15 minutes on somebody, I'm going to tell my origin story, and I'm going to try and knock over the domino. And a lot of times, that's all they need, and they're going to sign up. They're going to give you money. But sometimes that happens. They do this first thing, and then they're like, oh, that's awesome, but wait a minute. And they have all these fears and stuff. And usually, the fears break out into three types of fears. One are fears and false beliefs. We call it false beliefs about the vehicle that you're trying to put them into, the new opportunity. So that sounds awesome, Russell, but they have all these false beliefs about the vehicle. So I'm not trying to pitch them on something else. I'm just going to say, OK, this is the vehicle. Let me tell you the second story. This is the second story here. And this is the story about why I believe this vehicle is the greatest thing in the world. These are very similar. I'm almost telling two different stories to try to knock down that thing. Some of them people are going to knock that out and they're like, cool, I'm in, and they're going to be ready to sign up and be ready. But after someone believes funnels are the greatest thing in the world, I believe that. Russell's convinced me this is awesome. Then, all of a sudden, they start thinking about other fears. OK, well, I believe this is the right vehicle, but I don't know if I can do it. I'm just a little guy. I'm not technical at all. All the things, all the internal false beliefs. So right here comes all the false beliefs about themselves internally. So I'm not trying to convince them anything else. This is still the one thing you're trying to convince you of, but now I'm trying to convince them, you can actually do this. It doesn't matter who you are. And my next story is my third story is my third story is going to break their false internal beliefs. And then the third thing is that, and some people have that point and they're like, boom, I'm in, ready. And the last phase is like, OK, well, I believe funnels are the greatest thing in the world. I believe whatever your thing is the greatest thing in the world. I believe that I can actually do it, but there's some external thing like, oh, my spouse won't let me do it. Or I tried before in the past, but it didn't work. They have some external fear. I can have fun about how to get traffic, so it's not going to work. So then here's their external fear, a false belief about external fear, and then that's where the fourth story comes into. That's the external story. So the structure of the entire webinar before we shift to stack in the clothes is just me telling four stories. That's it. And on what they say, it says Wednesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, I'm going to pick one of you guys out of the audience. I'm going to sit up here in 15 minutes. I'm going to find out your four stories and what your offers. And maybe sit down. I'm going to pitch your presentation live, but here it's going to be super, super fun. The first time I did it was for a pregnant woman. So I'd act like a pregnant woman. And I did it a couple of times. It's really fun. Pregnant woman. We did it for single dad. We did it with who the other ones. Anyway, it's my favorite part of the whole thing. So you guys seen that Friday. I'm going to pick one of you guys, and we're going to do this for you. But it's really simple. Since you realize all the perfect webinar is is this. You're going to ask, what's one thing you get them to believe? Why do I believe it? What false beliefs are they going to have about it? Then why do I not have those false beliefs? And you tell that story. And then what are the internal false beliefs? What's my story that resolves that? And what's their external false beliefs? That's it. It's four stories, and then stacking and closing, making an offer. So that's it in nutshell. Now, obviously there's slides and a bunch of little pieces. But I want you to understand, it's really that simple. It's four stories, and then making an offer. That's it. So don't overcomplicate beyond that. Yeah? Does the order matter at all in the legal, fossil, and internal, fossil, and emotional possible? I've had ones that I know where I switched these two because it made more sense logically, and it worked. So it did work. So a lot of it's just like the flow in someone's mind. Like usually what happens is as soon as they believe this, then the rush is in like, oh, they get feared of like, oh my gosh, this is the thing. Then all of a sudden, doubt happens. So usually it transitions to internal and external, but not always. But usually that's what's happening in their mind as they're going through the presentation with you. All right, so with that said, if us going from 0 to a million to a million to 10, 10 to 100, all about us telling stories, we have to go telling stories. So I'm going to spend some time with that because this is the key to this entire thing. The people that are making the most amount of money are really, really good at telling the stories. And that's it. And somebody has already talked about this, but this is the context of how everything is going to work. It's a concept we call the epiphany bridge. All right. We'll be doing that in the next section. Yeah. So yes. The epiphany bridge. So this is why most people suck at selling, and they're really, really bad, and they don't make any money. This is what happened to most of you guys. This is you right here, and you are a normal, everyday human being. How many of you guys remember being a normal, average, everyday human being? We woke up in the morning. You ate cereal for breakfast. You watched TV, and then you went to school, and then you came home, and then you watched more TV, and you went to bed. That's how most of the world, especially in America, is just like they're wandering around. That's all they're doing, right? And then something happens to not everybody, but to a lot of us, most of us here. Something happens, right? Well, some experience happens, and you have this moment where you have this epiphany, right? So we call this epiphany. And this epiphany got you excited about the thing that you're probably in here right now for, OK? And so for me, I was a normal, everyday kid, and then one day I watched this infomercial about Don the priest selling, selling stuff with their tiny little classified ads, and I had this epiphany, and I was like, oh my gosh. And I got excited about selling things and all sort of stuff. And it took me on this really cool journey, where I started learning, and started studying, and started geeking out. And what happens over here is we get so excited about our topic. We're just like, this is the coolest thing in the world. You're studying, you're learning. You know every single fact and every single thing, because you're logically like, you're so excited you just want to learn and geek out about everything, right? How many of you guys have gone through that process? OK? So I'm going to put glasses on you, because now you are a nerdy little geek who just is obsessed about your thing, OK? And you're so excited. Do you want to share this with the world? Do you want to change everybody's life? But the problem is that you just geeked out, and you're over here. And so what you do is you see this person, right? You see your potential customer walking around, and you're like, oh my gosh, I can help this person's life. I want to change their life. I'm going to show them. Like, if I can just explain it, if they knew everything that I knew that they're going to love it, and they come out, and you see them, and then you pounce on them, and you start shoving down all the facts and the terms, and everything you've ever learned in life, you're shoving them down their throat. And they're like, goo, and then they run away, OK? That happens a lot. If you struggle, this is probably what you're doing right now, OK? If you've read the book, I talk about this with an equity company called Proveit. We have no Proveit. They have ketone drinks, right? And so they want to become speaker on the event. So I go to the event, and I'm sitting in the lobby, checking in my bags and stuff. And I look over, and I see this sea of network marketers. And I love network marketers because they're so happy and excited. And they all have these t-shirts on that said, ketones are greater than glucose. And they're like, goo, and they're walking around looking at all the people in the lobby, and I'm watching them pounce on each other. And they're like, hey, man, what's going on? How much glucose did you have today? Did you know if your body was in ketosis? And I see these people like, oh, yeah. And then they run away, right? Because these people are spewing out all of the logical geeky stuff that they figured out. And they're so excited to share it because they just understood the glucose and ketone like that's what they feel, right? Because that's what they've been over here. But if you think about it, in fact, I have a friend, Kim Klaver, she wrote a book called, If My Product's So Great, How Come Nobody's Buying It? And she's a chapter that are called Techno Babel. She said, this is why most people struggle, is that they geeked out and they had this techno babel and think that's what's going to get people to give the money. And it's not. This stuff scares the crap out of people. How many of you guys have ever been approached by network marketers spewed techno babel all over you? Scary, right? You're just like, go, leave me. What are you talking about? So what you have to understand is that you weren't sold this way. You had logic over here, but you didn't buy logic. You bought emotion. You were back here, and something happened that took you on a journey. And in this journey, you had this epiphany. And that guy, you excited, so that's the way you geeked out. So for us to be successful at selling in anything, but especially in mass selling, one to many, where I'm going to convince a lot of people something, the way that I do that is I take them on this journey with me. I had to come back and remember, where did I start at? Because guess what? That's where they're at right now. They're in the same vehicle you were probably in. So I've got to come back to here, and I tell them my story about how I had this epiphany that got me excited. And if I do my job right, my goal is not to like, and that's when I'm epiphany, the funnels are the greatest thing in the world. Because they're like, OK, they didn't have the same experience you had. I tell the story in a way that, as I'm telling it, they should be like, wow, funnels are the greatest thing in the world. I need a funnel. And as soon as you've done that, you're done. They had the epiphany, and now they'll go logically geek out on it. They'll buy all the books, and there's studies, and the science. That's not your job. Your job is to give them the same emotional experience that you had. And if they have that same emotional experience, then it's done. Like, that's the key. So it's funny with Proveit when they brought me in, I'd help them with their sales pitch. The owner's been a friend for a long time. We did another business together. It didn't work. But he had this like sales script he wrote to sell the Proveit drink, right? It's all about ketosis and ketones and beta hydroxybutyrate salts. I said that word without stumbling. That was really hard to say. All these things, right? He's like pitching this thing. I was like, this is horrible. I don't know what in the world you are saying. He's like, yeah, there's all science backs it up. I'm like, I don't care if the science backs it up. I don't even like, this is horrible. And so when I decided I was trying to write them a sales pitch for this company. And I had to think, because I knew about ketosis. I had been living that way for a long time. I tried to live. I'm not perfect by it at all. I mean, perfect ketosis is like four to five days a week. And the weekends, it's just like candy and ice cream and kids. So much fun. Anyway, but I was like, why did I care about that? And it took me a while to think back. Like, why do I know about this? Why do I care? Like, why have I read all of it? Because I understood what this stuff was like. Why did I actually care? And it took me a while to remember back in my memory. Like, when was it that I actually started caring? And all of a sudden, I remembered there was this night. I was in an event. And there was this guy named Aaron Lilly, who's been a friend for a while. And we're out to dinner. And he looked like I'd seen him before. And he looked really good. I was like, dang, he looks. He's in shape. And I was like, we're talking. And then I remember he ordered dinner. And at dinner, he ordered chicken with a side of butter. And I was like, what are you doing? And he thinks it's chicken. He dipped in butter. And he was eating it like this. And I was like, I don't even know how to ask you. This is really, really weird. And I would assume you're like 800 pound man at this point because you're dipping your chicken and butter and eating it. But you look freaking amazing. What is explaining to me this whole thing and that he's started spewing techno babble? I'm like, I don't know what you're talking about. He kept trying to explain it. I was like, dude, I don't understand it. And finally he's like, OK, it's kind of like this. He's like, Russell, if you look at it, have you ever started fire before? I'm like, yeah. He's like, hey, if you have a fire and you have a kindling, you throw it on, what happens? I'm like, it burns really, really fast. And it goes up. And then it goes down. He's like, yes, that's kind of like carbs. So if you eat like Cheerios for breakfast, it's like throwing carbs in the fire. It goes up. And then it goes down really fast. And it burns down like kidney. He's like, the next phase is like, proteins are kind of like a log. He threw a log on the fire. It's going to burn a little bit longer, right? Like, yeah. And he said, fats are like coal. It's like, if you can get the coal to catch on fire, it'll stay warm all night long. He's like, I've trained my body to just burn fat. So I eat fats and it doesn't go up and down. I have long-term energy. And I don't gain all the extra weight and all sorts of stuff. And I was like, oh, cool. And that's what got me to understand this thing. That was the epiphany I had. So for these guys that came back to the company, I wrote a really quick script. Have any of you guys ever seen the campfire video? It's a little video. In fact, I had a buddy working on a project with Operation Underground Railroad. And Tim Ballard, who's the dude who he, Operation Underground Railroad, saves kids from sex trafficking. And so I was hanging out with him last weekend. And I don't know how this conversation came up. He's like, I'm in ketosis. I'm like, oh, really? We have this really cool company where we sell drinks. He's like, what's it called? I make proof. And he's like, I take proof at every single day. I'm like, really? That's cool. He's like, yeah, you know what sold me? There was this video, this little cartoon video. My trainer showed me. And it was this guy and all the stuff. And I was like, if you listen closely, that's my voice on the video. He's like, what? I'm like, yeah, it's so funny. But I just made a video that just told my Pifny Bridge story. And it talked about, hey, there's a campfire. Da, da, da, da, da, da, da. That company took that video. I tried to build them a funnel, but they wouldn't use it for, anyway, long story. But they have every rep put the little video on their phone. And they tell their reps, walk it to somebody. Instead of spewing techno babble, stop, push, play the video, get the Pifny Bridge over, and then sell him. That kind of went from zero to like 600 million dollars, like two and a half years later. Because we just connected the Pifny, and then the rest happens. So if you guys, this is the key to all storytelling. You're just coming in here, figuring out where are they at right now, what was the Pifny, you have the guy, you're excited, tell it in a way that gets them to have the same Pifny, and that's the game. That's it. That's how this whole thing works. If you do this right, it gets really, really easy. No one thinks you're pitching them hard, you're not selling them stuff. You're just helping them to break their false belief patterns. I want you to get into deeper, but that's what this whole thing is about. Any questions about that? This is the framework for all stories. So I'm going to use my origin story, I'm going to use this framework for all the different things that I'm doing. We'll kind of break that down here in a second. All right, so there's the Pifny Bridge, right? So we are giving people the emotional connection, because emotion is why they buy, and they logically try to justify it later. Like this is sales 101, right? People buy things emotionally, and they logically, so if you go to the car dealership, and some dude sells you on what it feels like to sit behind in the wheel of a Ferrari, and you're like, this is amazing. And then you go home, and you're trying to tell your wife, like, why'd you buy it? You're like, well, it gets to get really good gas mileage. And it comes with a 10-year warranty. Like, you get all the logic, try to BS yourself, but you bought it emotionally. Everything you have to buy, for the most part, is an emotional decision, right? So remember that. Like, it's the emotional decision that you're trying to get people to have. That's what gets them to buy your product, and to go through it. Now, I'm not going to have time during this event to go deep into storytelling, all sorts of stuff. All that stuff's in the secret masterclass members area. I'm assuming most of you guys had a chance to go through that ahead of time. But I learned story structure from a guy named Michael Hague, who he's one of the head screenwriting coaches in Hollywood. He works with Will Smith, like his best friend. And he's written a whole bunch of books on a concept called heroes, two journeys, stuff like that. The whole process is in the book, the whole process is in secret masterclass. I'm not going to go into that. I'm going to kind of fast forward to the practical application for us. Just understanding that all stories, all movies, they follow the same pattern. If you look at Lord of the Rings, or you look at the Smurfs, or you look at Rudy, or if you look at Rocky, if you look at Avatar, if you look at any movie, Fill in the Blank, Batman, Spider-Man, they all follow the exact same story structure. Humans are programmed, for whatever reason, to follow the story structure. And it's all good movies, all good stories, all good books all based on the same structure. So it's worth our time to figure out that structure and to learn it. And the structure fits into this. So the next slide here, this is basically the Pifny Bridge script. If you have the expert secrets book here in front of you, secret number eight, page 114. This is where it starts going through this script. This is basically when we took the heroes two journeys and broken down into something like us for how we actually sell in this world, this is what the script looks like. This is me taking somebody on an Epiphany Bridge story. It's page 114, secret number eight. It's probably in the book as well. Or the workbook. Do you know what page is in the workbook, anyone? 48. 48? Page 48 in the workbook as well. So this is the story line. So I'm going to explain it really quick, and I'm going to show you some examples of how this whole thing works together. So this is how I give somebody the actual Pifny. Because one thing is a lot of times people tell a story. You guys have ever had somebody who tells you a story, and they're like, they explain it to you. And you're like, OK, cool. And they're like, no, no, no, you don't understand. They try to tell you the whole story again. You're like, yeah, I got it. And they're like, no, you missed. And they're like, ah, if you just would have been there, then you would have understood, right? You guys ever heard of how people say that? So the hard thing is if you tell a story wrong, it doesn't have the emotional impact. It doesn't give people that Epiphany. If you tell it right, they're going to feel something. They're going to have the Epiphany, and then they'll take the rest of the journey themselves. So this is the structure that gets them to actually fill that thing. So the first thing is it starts over here with the backstory. All good movies start with the backstory. If you look at the hero's true journey, the first 10% of every single movie is you getting to know the attractive character, the hero of the movie, and building up an interest and a desire for you to actually care about their journey. Movies to do this wrong, when they end the movie, the person dies, you're like, I don't really like them much anyway. It's because they failed right here, right? This is the backstory. This is where the audience, the listener gets the best interest in your journey. And so typically in almost every movie, the first 10% of every screenplay is the backstory. In this backstory, we learn about the attractive character, we get to know who they are, about what their desires are, and things like that. So any story I start here. Then inside of this place where I'm getting to know the attractive character, there are two things that I have to explain to my audience. Number one are my external desires. Like, what do I want? What's the journey I'm going on? Where am I trying to go? What's interesting is that most people are good at this part. They tell their backstory, and then I get, I wanted to make a million dollars. I wanted to lose a bunch of weight. That's when most people stop. If you stop there, first off, you're going to feel very comfortable, because it's not scary to talk about your external desires, but you're not going to have the connection you need with your audience. The connection comes when you go deeper and you start talking about your internal desires. And most people don't talk about their internal desires, because it's not comfortable. Most of us, we want to get love and connection by posturing and showing people how awesome we are. But what's weird is when you posture all the time, people don't come to you. People come to you when you break posture and you're vulnerable, and this is why I really care. Last fun-hacking live event, I did a 90-minute session talking about every single failure. All the times I almost went bankrupt and lost my company for 90 minutes. It was the most embarrassing thing ever. And nothing have I done since or before then. It's brought more connection to my audience. It's powerful. So it's going to be scary, but you've got to break down. This is the internal desire. This is why I went on this journey. If you don't share that, they're not going to care. So I come in here, I tell my backstory. I talk about this is my goal. I want to lose weight. I want to make money. I want to do whatever that thing is. But then the next thing is the internal desire. But why did you want that? So I want to make a bunch of my dreams. The real reason why? The reason why I want to go on this journey and figure this stuff out is because I just got married to my wife. And I wanted to make her proud. And I was at the time, I was wrestling. I didn't have any money. She was supporting me. And she wanted things. My wife's six years older than me. I feel bad because as a husband, I couldn't even provide for. And I started sharing my internal desires. I didn't want to care about making a million bucks. I really cared about it. I wanted to be the man for my wife. And if I share that, I guess what happens. The audience around just starts like, wow, I don't care about a million bucks either. I just want my spouse. I want my parents to like me. I want my kids. Whatever that thing is. And as soon as you're willing to open up and share your internal desires, that's where you get connection. Because most people never do that. That's all happening in the back story. So here's who I am. Here's why. I'm excited about this. I want to learn. I really wanted it because of this. And these are the reasons. This is why I really wanted to do it. So that's the back story. Now they actually have an interest in your story. If you don't start there, you can tell them a story. They're going to vlog off the webinar. They're going to be bored out of their mind. They don't care about you. So you got to build that. So all of a sudden, they have invested interest in your story. And now they're like, huh, man, this person just like me. I tell people I want to make money. I tell people I want to lose weight. But last week, I was at church. I tried to put my pants on. My belt was tight. And I felt horrible. And that's how they felt, too. Like, I get that. Like, OK, I can relate to this person. Like, they're just like me. OK? That's the first step. Now you have that context. Now they have connection with you. This is where the hero has to leave. Every movie, after you have connection with the hero, they always leave. Frodo's in the shire. After he gets to know him and is back, so we actually care and have invested interest in Frodo, then he has to leave the shire to start this process. Lightning McQueen is sitting there, winning this thing. You find out about him. And you have this whole experience with him at the raceway. When he doesn't win the Piston Cup initially, they tie. And you just know him. And first he's this tough rookie car. He's all tough and amazing and postured. Then you see him at night inside of his cabin. And he says, no friends. No one really likes him. And you have connection with him because of that. Then they have to leave on their journey to California. And then he has to leave. Every movie happens. Every storyline. After you build a connection with the attractive character, and then the character has to leave on a journey. So that's the next thing. Leave on this journey. And you're going towards this thing you're trying to do. And you go on this journey. And then you hit into a wall. Typically what the wall is for us, the wall is the current vehicle that they're already in. So what was the wall you were in? Because you didn't just wake up one day, and you had to hit the jackpot. Most of us, if we got that result, we tried 10 or 20 or 30 things first. I know I was doing all sorts of stuff to figure out how to sell things online. I was selling stuff on eBay, garage sales, everything. And other things were stuck in this opportunity. So I'm telling this journey. And I tell people how I got stuck in this thing. And it didn't work. It was frustrating. But then something happened. What happened to you? What was the thing that got you out of the current vehicle that helped you figure it out? For me, in my Catoza story, it was like I was talking to my buddy. He explained this whole thing about the fats and the kindling and the logs and the protein, the fat. And all of a sudden I was like, oh my gosh. No wonder I can't lose weight. I eat tons of carbs and tons of protein. I eat fat. That doesn't make any sense. I had to show us a piffney. I'm like, this doesn't make any sense. But that was the new vehicle. So I'm like, OK, this doesn't make any sense. I'm going to get out of this vehicle. I'm going to try that other one. Because it's kind of scary. But he said it was the thing. So I'm going to try it and just test it out. And then I step into this new opportunity. I had this piffney, which brings me to new opportunity. And I start going on this path. Now, what a lot of people, they struggle a lot of times, is they go on this path. And the first thing that they do is like, and then I found success in the number. I said, yeah, everything's awesome. If you look at good storytelling, nobody cares about the journey. The thing that gets people interested is the conflict during the journey. That's what draws people in his story. Yeah, if Lightning McQueen left, figured out he needed to not be a jerk to people and build a team, and then he went to the thing in RAN or RAC, nobody cared. The conflicts would get us engaged. So I had this piffney. I'm in a new opportunity. I'm going on this plan. And I tell the story of the plan. I talk about, again, I break posture. I talk about the ups. But I talk about the downs. But I struggle with them. Like, I kept eating ice cream. But then I can figure it out. But then I try this other thing. And then you're sharing the plan and the conflicts that happen throughout this plan. Because that's real. And that's what they're going to experience, too. And then you talk about this whole thing. And then at the end of it, you talk about two things. Number one is the achievement that you got, which is your external desire. So it's like, at the end of the day, I got that thing. It happened. It was amazing. I made a bunch of money. You know what was actually really cooler? And then you come back now to the internal desire. The cooler thing was the fact that I was at this point, my wife, I was at the center home. She didn't have to work anymore. We finally have kids. And you start talking about the internal. And that brings back the connection. A lot of times in these stories, you never actually hit the achievement. Hemia's a rock, Rocky part one through 12 or 14, or how many they got. Rocky didn't beat Apollo Creed. He lost. But he had this transformation. That's what we care about. The thing people care about, they never care about you getting the achievement at the end. Lightning McQueen lost at the end of the movie, right? Sorry, but I ruined it for you. But who did he become along the journey? That's the key. That's why people actually care. So this is the structure of how I'm telling stories. Now, I build this out this way because I have this on my desk. I tell probably 40 to 50 stories a day. Some stories I'm telling in two or three minutes. Some stories I'm telling in 30, 35 minutes. But this framework gives me the ability to do that in a really fast way. So for example, if I want to tell my story about funnels, like my origin story, let's look at the next page. So if I'm going to commit somebody, they need a funnel. That's the thing I got in the believe. So first thing, what's my origin story? Why do I care about funnels? So I come back and say, OK, my name's Russell Brunson. So awesome to meet you guys. So glad to have you here today on the webinar. I want to tell you guys my story before we get started. So you don't understand who I am. Like, I was a wrestler at Boise State University. I was completely broke. And I was trying to figure out some way to make money. You know, I saw the great rich, quick ads. That'd be really, really cool. But the reality is, I was in college. I was wrestling at my university. And my wife was making 9.50 an hour. And I always felt guilty because she'd be at work while I was at the wrestling and wrestling, like having fun, pursuing passion. But it was really tough because I get home, and she'd be tired and exhausted. And I was like, what kind of man am I? I should be helping my wife on one hand. But I didn't want to quit wrestling because I love wrestling. That was my entire life was dedicated to that. I was like, I've got to figure out a way to make some money. So I went out to a lot of the years, and I started all sorts of stuff. I went out there, and I started selling stuff on eBay, which didn't really work that well. And then I started this. And I tried this. I tried all sorts of things. And then I had this potato gun idea. And I launched this potato gun DVD. And I started making money. And I was like, oh, this is awesome. But then Google slapped me, and the whole thing shut down. And I was like, I don't know what to do. I was stuck. And then one day I had my friend, and his name's Mike Filson. He came up to me, and he was selling stuff just like I was. I had my potato gun DVD. He had his whole thing. And he told me that he had figured out that if you added an upsell to a product, you could even go to McDonald's, and they'll offer you a hamburger, and they'd say, do you want fries and a Coke? He's like, I started adding upsells to my sales page. So he said, and I was like, well, that's cool. But how did that work for me? He's like, well, you have your potato gun DVD. Could you sell for an upsell? And I was like, I met this guy who sells potato gun like kits. I could maybe sell his kits. He's like, perfect. So I might as your DVD upsell them the kit. I was like, OK, so I started doing that. And sure enough, one out of every three people about my DVD started buying this kit, and all of a sudden I was profitable again. And I figured out that is the key. It was a funnel. That was the secret, how I was successful. So I took that, and I started launching funnels and other markets. I did in the dating market, in the weight loss market, in finance, and market after market after market. It's all sorts of different things. And we had some big winners. We had losers and all these sorts of things. By the end of the day, I had these funnels that made me financially rich, which was awesome. What was even cool about it was the fact that after my first funnel actually took off and went live, I was able to let my wife quit her job. And that was really cool. But what was cooler is that about that time, we were trying to have kids, and we couldn't. And we were trying all sorts of different things, and it was really frustrating. But because we had this extra money, we were able to go to all sorts of doctors and things like that and get fertility, all sorts of stuff. And after a really long process, eventually, my wife got pregnant. Not with one kid, but with two. And I remember when the kids came, they came three months early. And what was cool about it is that we were there. And because my funnels were making money, I actually rented a room in the hospital. For three months, my wife and I lived in the room in the hospital to be close to our kids. And I have to work the entire time. My funnel's making money the entire time. And that's a real freedom for me. That's why I'm so excited about funnels. Boom. Now, for some people, that's all they needed. They heard the origin story that I need a funnel for my business. I'm in. That was me telling it in three minutes. I would probably tell it typically I can 10 to 15. But you see, I took them on that journey there. And all of a sudden, they're like, wow, that's awesome. There's the original story. And from there, I'm going to tell the next story about the vehicle, internal and the external. But that's kind of it, you guys. This is the big secret. This is me watching a whole bunch of movies, figuring it out. And after you get this part and get it telling stories, it's just telling stories. It's not selling. It's not as hard-short sort of thing. It's just understanding, why does it you care about this? What was the reason why you believed in telling that story? Any questions about that at all? OK. Yeah. Are your vehicle internal and external as in-depth as your origin? Yep. If I look at the webinar breakdown, it's about 15 minutes here, 15, 15, 15. They switch the stack and close. So it's about 15 minutes on each of these four stories. So what if you're actually not your customer at home? So for example, I'm building software for my customer avatar, but I actually don't walk a day in their shoes. Why do you care? Why do you care about it? Because I've been around them my entire life. Our business is built around serving these folks. OK. That's superficial. So tell me the real reason why. Who do you know that you helped? Or why is it that you actually cared about that audience? Well, because our customers, like some of our closest customers, we see the pressures of running these budgets, maintaining these budgets. Tell me what's one of their names. Chuck Connelly. OK, so tell me about Chuck. Chuck is actually my customer avatar. I have an animated video. Is Chuck a real person? Chuck is a real person. Chuck just got fired, actually, from his place, because the course conditions were down. His members in management didn't understand. But at the end of the day, they were giving him crap for a budget. So they get crap for a golf course condition, right? And Chuck is actually not. He's been trained on how to take a piece of grass and make it look nice and green, make it healthy. He's not been trained on how to run a business. OK, time. Boom, that's it. That's the origin story. That's why you care. Chuck's probably a buddy of yours, right? That's why you care. That's your origin story. That's why you care about this whole thing. Otherwise, you can do what you're doing in a thousand different markets. If you put golf for a reason, it's because of Chuck. Right? So there's a story. Like, hey, I'm not a golf guy. I don't own a golf course. But my best friend Chuck does. I want to tell you his story. Now, you're the narrator telling the story. It gives them connection to you and to him. Now, boom, you're in there. Yeah. Yeah. Here, please, get ready to tell your story. The one thing. Yeah, so it's the one thing to talk. Yeah. Good question. Yeah. So as I do this, again, I'm taking four shots of me trying to knock down this dom. The first one's me telling the origin story. And again, I said, some people that I'm in, like Stephen, is the easiest sell in the world. I tell them the story. He's like, let's go. I'm in. Right? Other people, I tell a story. And some of you guys in this room, and you're like, ah, that sounds awesome, Russell. But that's not going to work for my business. I'm like, OK. Let me get back to the vehicle. Let me prove it. This doesn't work for every business on planet Earth. So for me, when I used to tell my funnel hacks webinar, this has been the foundation for $100 million in the last three years. I tell my potato gun story. Some people are like, I'm in. Other people are like, eh, but I do this business. This is not going to work for me. I'm like, OK. Let me explain how this works. I'm going to show you how this works in any business. I'm going to show you how we did it in supplements. We're going to show you how to do coaching. I tell all the stories around this. And at the end of it, you're like, crap, funnels work for everything, even mine. All right. I believe the vehicle's true. Then you're like, but I'm not technical. Russell, you've got to be a genius. You went to school for programming, probably. You've got to be a genius. And so my second story is like, look, I am not technical at all. In fact, let me show you how we use click funnels. In fact, the story I tell in here is when we were building click funnels initially, Todd Dickerson and Dylan Jones are my co-founders. And they had a joke internally. Like, if we make it simple enough that Russell can use it, then everybody in the world could use it. Because they thought I was the dumbest of all the customers on Earth. So they would literally code the software, and then they sent it to me. And I'm like, how's it work? I'm not going to tell you. But please record yourself using it. It's like, OK. So I record myself using it. And they watched. And if I got stuck, I send the video back. And then I can't. Russell's moron. Like, I had videos of Dylan yelling at my videos, where my mouse was right here and the button's right here. I'm like, I can't find the thing. He's like, your mouse is literally on the button, you moron. Right? And he's cursing at the screen. And then as I'm watching it with him, I'm like, oh, I didn't even see it there. He's like, OK. The color was wrong. Like, obviously, Russell missed that color. How do we make this difference? And I'm like, oh, now I see it. It's right there. OK? So that's how tech, and so I tell that story. And I'm like, let me show you easy click funnels. And I log in. I'm like, oh, I'm Russell. I'm so stupid. I'm moving the images. And look, everything moves. And I'm like, oh, and I show a demo. And they're like, crap. Russell's dumber than me. And he figured it out. All right, cool. It's not an intro. Like, if Russell can do it, I can do it. Right? So now it's like, they believe funnels are the greatest thing, or they believe that they can do it. But they're like, what's the last thing, last effort? They're like, oh, well, market conditions. It's bad investment real estate right now. Or, oh, well, if I had a funnel, it'd be cool. But there's no leads coming. And they're like, oh, I could eat healthy, but my wife, she's always buying cookies and candy, so there's no way I can do it. Because there's always the other thing they want to blame. Right? They don't believe it. Then they believe it. Then they're like, well, I can't do it. And they believe that. And they're like, well, who else can I blame? So my third one's like, OK, let me show you how simple this is. So for funnel hacks, let me show you how simple is it get traffic. And I show the whole thing with similar, I tell the story, how you find out exactly where traffic's coming, you buy traffic from the same spot. And all of a sudden, they're like, holy crap, that actually was easy. I got nothing else. I have to give you money. You've knocked this domino down. Boom. OK? But again, I'm not pitching four different things. All these things I'm trying to just convince you that funnels are the greatest in the world. That's my only goal with this. Because if at the end of this webinar, if you're like the only way for me to grow my companies to have a funnel, you have to give me money. But yes, if you come back to it, they have to. So that's the whole structure, just knock down that one domino. And I do it through my initial ordnance story, why I'm excited. Then they're going to blame the vehicle, why it's not going to work for them. So I tell them the story about the vehicle, about their internal fears, their external fears. So this is the key. This is the path. This is the process. You're going to be doing it over and over and over again. And when you get good at this, so initially, what we're doing now, this is the longer format of it. We're having you guys create tomorrow, and then actually we create slides. We slide by slide to actually build out the infrastructure for this whole thing. When you get good at this, I don't have to build slides anymore. I mean, you guys can be doing a webinar right here. I write down secret one, two, three, and thing. And then I click live on Facebook live, and I start talking. I know the stories. I know I'm going. I can just talk through it. And then I sell something. I don't need to make a bunch of slides. I know this is the direction I'm going. So you get better at it. It comes faster and easier. Kailin, she took the structure. She built out a webinar all this same way. She did the fat event. It's like you guys have done. They launched the webinar, and it kept getting bigger and bigger and bigger. And she did it every single week. Week in and week out, got better, fighting her voice, and telling the stories, and finding out people responded to. I think she was like 30 or something live in a row. And then she was like, OK, I want to do. Well, actually what's funny is about that time I did the first one where I did a Facebook live, where I was just kind of freestyling with a whiteboard like this. And I did a whole Facebook live. And we did $250,000 on my Facebook live, just with no slides, no nothing. And they told me they were watching it. And as they were watching it, they were drawing out their things on a whiteboard, exactly the same. An hour after mine finished, they clicked live on theirs. And they did their first Facebook live like that. And killed it. And then they've, I think they've had three times since then. The last time they did it was like the week before Funnel Hacking Live last year. And the first month, they did $1 million in a month from one Facebook live. No slides, no nothing, no anything. Just her telling four stories and making a really good offer. So that's what we're trying to get to. But it's all coming to training through doing this stuff. So it's the first time around, we're going to build up slides and go slide by slide to tell these stories. It's going to help you remember where you're going and how you're doing it. And then it becomes really easy. Yeah. Her question is, is it better to have stories for people? It doesn't really matter. It's like, sometimes it can be all used. It can be somebody else. It's more like, what's the story that's going to cause them to believe? Again, that's the goal of this whole structure. It's like, I'm trying to knock down the domino. And then these are the three things. The vehicle, intellectually, holds it up. So I'm just telling stories, knocking down all those false beliefs, giving them a bunch of epiphanies. So then they're like, this is it. This is what I'm going to do. That's the key to the mass selling. OK. So we're going to do it now. We're going to turn to page number two in the handout. I actually don't turn. It's just this right here. It has a little story thing right here. So what we're going to do is this kind of comes down to when I was doing the webinar two weeks ago, it was the first new webinar I'd written from scratch for a long time. And what I forgot that I'd do is that I basically have, I just had a notepad. But I went through this whole thing. I was like, OK, what's the, like, for my origin story for this product, what's my backstory? And I was like, OK, what's the backstory? And I wrote down, OK, why did I, because it's for software secret story, why did I create software? OK, well, I created software here. I talked about my backstory there. And then over here, I wrote down assets. Like, OK, I can tell that story, but what visually do I have I can show on the screen that someone would be like, oh, cool. So I'll show you how I do this if I can figure this out real quick. OK, so here's software secrets. OK, I started with my hook, right? How to create launch drone software app in the next 90 days. Even if you have no idea what to create, how to code, where to start. How to without, right? Pretty close. I tweaked without, even if you have no idea. But same thing, right? There's my thing. And then, now I start my origin story. Here's Russell. Here's who I am. Oh, now when I'm trying to tell my backstory, why I should actually care about why I got into software, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And here's more softwares that I'm talking about in my backstory, why I got into software, right? The excitement and stuff like that. And then I tell about, and this one way, different partners, I tell their stories. I tell this backstory about why it's awesome. I'm telling their story. And this is me jumping in Kenya. OK, then they came to Boise. And this is the backstory. So I'm going through this whole thing, right? So what I realized is when I'm telling this story, I don't start over my slides and like, OK, what slide number I'm going to be about? What slide number two about? Which is what we had a lot of people do. And I think people get stuck because of that. Like, when I actually did it last week, or two weeks when I did this, I had a paper like this. I said, OK, for my backstory, what's the story? First thing is that, if I can go back here. So I did this. I was like, OK, the first problem I actually want to have my name. So I said, Russell Brunson. Then I'm like, OK, what are the assets I want to show on slides? I'm like, oh, I want to show my potato gun website. I'm going to show the weight loss offer, or cupidding offer, or reading offer, or maybe sign language offer, my book. So these are the assets I need to get to make that slide. My backstory slide happened. And I was like, OK, cool. And I was going to go into my desires. Like, what are those things? And what are the images? So I'm basically like, what I'm having on each slide, and then what assets I have, what images. So what we want you guys to do today is we're going to have you kind of structure out what this is. And then what you're thinking through for this, for me to tell my origin story, what images do I have that I can show on a PowerPoint that gets people engaged if they can watch my thing? And most time for me, literally it's me going back into Facebook and scrolling back to that time when the Epiphany bridge happened and trying to find a picture. Like, I was trying to tell Garrett and Scott's story. I'm like, ah, so I went to Scott's Facebook page. It's clicking in Photo. Scroll through until I find a picture of them together. I'm like, oh, cool. I grabbed that picture. So tonight we're going to structure these things out. But tonight we're going to get actually finding all those assets so that tomorrow when we get into slides, we can just throw stuff in. I don't want you guys thinking through tomorrow. OK, what's slide number one going to be? What's slide number two? This is the path. We're telling the backstory, internal desires, external desires, the wall, Epiphany plan. So what is the headline of each thing? And then what are the assets you have? Because basically all this is, I have a headline reminding where I'm going. And I have pictures of that so I can tell the story. And that's all. I don't script out my webinars at all. I have headlines on my memory. Oh, yeah. And then I was in Kenya. We were talking software. Because a few years before launch, Click Phone was just been a week on the Mossy Marr talking software. This picture of me and Garrett was so fun. And I'm telling that story. And then I'm like, I have no idea where I'm going from here. And then they came to Boise. And they showed me a new book, Software Secrets, where I'm writing the four where it was really, really cool. And this picture I just found on their Facebook page. It was so funny with their big hats. And I don't even know what it has to do with. But I was like, that's interesting to look at. So I threw that in his asset. And then I'm like, OK. Oh, and then we started working on software funnels, which is cool because software would help us non-techies create amazing software. Oh, yeah. And it creates this. And these are assets I found that kind of tell that story. So if I'm in the middle, I can do this webinar six years from now. I'm not even prepping. And I can still do the webinar. Because this tells me the next thing to say. And there's pictures that kind of tell the story. And then it's like, oh, and then they came. They present it in my inner circle, which was really. And I'm like, oh, yeah, I remember that part of the story. Which is really cool because da, da, da, da, da. And then they came. They showed the whole thing. Oh, and then this is Annie. She didn't tell her story about it. And I plugged that in. So all I'm doing is I was right now, if I'm going to tell the story, what are the different slides? First thing I need to tell them, my back story. And then how did I meet Scott and Garrett? And then why do they care about them? And then why do they care about me? So I'm writing those things down and thinking, what are the assets I need for the slides? Now I'm going to my desires. Like, what did I desire? Like, I wanted to be successful. What assets do I have that could show from that? What would be a title on a slide? And so I built out the whole thing initially. And then I got into building out slides, which is really easy. I was just headlining image image image. Next one, headline image image image. And that takes me through the story. So today I want you to architect out what the story is for you. And that way, tomorrow when you come in, it's not us trying to re-explain every single slide. You're like, OK, I know these are the 22 slides I need to make to tell the story. And I know these are the images I got on my hard drive that I found last night that can start grabbing and to tell the story. Does that make sense? OK. So that's some of the framework. So what I want you guys to do in right now is I want you to think about your origin story initially. So your origin story should be hopefully the easiest one, because it's you. So I want you to think about, why is it that you actually care about the thing that you're so passionate about? What was the reason why you care? Something happened. Some of you guys, it might have been a long time ago, might be hard to remember. But think about that. And get yourself back in that state, like, man, when I was in that spot, what was it that like, what did I actually want? Like, why did I care? Why did I go on this crazy journey? A lot of us didn't even know we went on a journey, right? You guys started, like, how many guys, if you knew the path and the journey you'd go on to be an entrepreneur, would go back to yourself 10 years ago. Like, it's a lot of pain. Don't go that way, right? Like, it's tough. You don't know when you start the journey. You're just going. And also, you're like, I think I'm on a journey somewhere. Like, Frodo probably thought he was leaving the shire to go walk across the street and then drop off the ring somewhere. He didn't realize it was like, holy crap. There's going to be these orcs chasing me and like, more adorn this big eye. And like, you don't know about what's going to happen. So the doctor is going to remember, like, what was it that set you off on this journey? Like, why did you care? Why did you get so passionate? And think about that and say, OK, now what's my backstory? What were my internal desires? Or what were my external desires? And like, what was the truth? Why did I really want to do this thing? OK. And what was the vehicle I was stuck in that was keeping me from the success? What was that epiphany I had? Like, oh man, I remember that. I had a story so-and-so met me and he told me this thing. I read this book and I had this idea. Or whatever it was for you, what was the cause that epiphany for you? And then I kept that. Like, what was your plan? Like, a lot of people here have epiphany. It's the most important act on it. Why did you act on it? What was the plan? What were you going to try to do? What were you hoping to accomplish? And then what got in your way? What conflicts hit you along the way? And then ultimately, what did you achieve? Then what was the personal transformation you had? OK. So this is a little bit longer. Maybe spend about 10 to 15 minutes and write down the steps of that story for you, your origin story. Try to write it down. And then after you write it down, then start thinking through what pictures, what assets, do I have, what screenshots can I get that'll go through and actually tell this story. OK. It's kind of cool. Like, these are, I found, when I was writing this webinar, I was like, OK, I want to show all the initial software I found. And I was like, I'd go back and find, this is the very first product I ever created. It's called ZipRaner. And then FormFortions. And these are my old things from like 14 years ago. So I had to go find those assets so I could plug them in the page. Now it's like, it's this real thing. So my other sites I launched back in the day. And then this is the first time I tried to build ClickFunnels in 2005. 12 years ago, I hired Dylan Jones, who became my co-founder. I hired him to build ClickFunnels. We call it click.com.com. And this is all the screenshots of the first time we tried to build what became ClickFunnels, right? And so you show those things, and that's what makes your story engaging. People are like, this is really, really cool. He actually went on the story. There's a picture of him wearing his bald head and his glasses. And that's what gets people engaged in your stories and gets them in there. Because they're like, I remember when I did that. I remember my first product, Bomb 2. I remember when I tried to lose weight. The more engaging you are telling the story, the more they're going to relate to you, and more they're going to follow you through the whole process and the path. Does that make sense? OK, so the assignment right now for the next 10 to 15 minutes is for you to think through and bullet point out your origin story through this process. And after you've done that, then think about what images you have, you can get, you can show on the slide, help illustrate those things, keep them engaging. What's the achievement and transformation after the conflict? What's the two directions? Yep, so it ties back here to your internal and your external. So your external desire was what? To go make a million dollars, to lose a bunch of weight. And then your internal was like, I actually wanted to help my. Yeah, so that's the thing at the end.