Famous, briefly. Yeah, huh? There you go. Nancy Reagan's astrologer, sure. And Joan has a twin sister, by the way. And they're both insane. So we had a meeting with them working on a show starting at 10 o'clock in the morning and it ended at 2 o'clock the next day. So we had breakfast, lunch, dinner, booze, breakfast and lunch. I mean you can't beat that. But I mean you went into these meetings, 8, 10, 12 people in the boardroom, around the conference room and no end time. And I mean you know going in, who's kidding who? Nobody's under any pressure. You're gonna, I mean you know I could do 10 days on this if I wanted to if we didn't have to end at four o'clock. So you see people doing that with everything. And then they wonder why they're saying is their time has gotten away from them. You know, well A million dollar dog will leave too if we take all the doors off the hinges. I mean She's kind of a scaredy cat, but eventually a deer would run by or something and she'd wander off, you know That's why there's doors on the house. So I mean if you don't box in time it will get away from you. And So like as most of you know if you interact with me for example Every phone appointment has an end. It doesn't just have a beginning. You don't have a 10 o'clock call with me. You have a 10 to 10 18 call with me and in all probability there's a guy starting at 10 19 So if you haven't had that experience yet If your call was from 10 to 10 18, we're done at 10 18. You could be in mid sentence. No matter to me We're done because that's all you had and you should organize did a little better So we got through what you needed to get through because there's a guy coming on at 10 19 And you might think that doesn't work It does most people adapt now. They may have to Have the experience once When it doesn't work so well for them And if that doesn't drive them off the next time they got their act together I mean and you have a real productive 18 minutes and and and and it doesn't sound like much but Those of you going tonight Anybody that's played sports of any kind and I have not so the closest I come I mean other than high school stuff and I was no good. So the closest I come is this driving in races, which But anybody who's played sports and I'm like a football freak So on the Peter Loew tour I'm always anytime we have a football guy on I'm back there to talk to him I mean anybody's played sports will tell you That In order to be any good at it. The time has to slow down For you So the quarterback who's got 45 seconds to get rid of the ball the 45 seconds for him has to be in eternity He's checks over here checks over here checks. So the race is one minute and 58 seconds And you think you can't get anything done in one minute 58 seconds In for in an average one minute and 58 second race. There's probably 22 to 23 points of decision And any one of them off You're screwed because if the winner goes in 158 the sixth place finisher went in one minute 58 seconds and three fifths of a second So your difference between between Getting some money and getting no money is three fifths of a second, which means you you may not have even made a wrong decision You may have just hesitated a beat Too long in making the decision. You can't even measure The beat it isn't even five words Up here was longer than the beat But when for you that I had plenty of time to make that decision And if you've never been in a situation like that, it's very hard for you to conceive of it But anybody that's played sports gets it If you're if you're a hitter and baseball the balls If we're watching it on tv, it's almost invisible. It's coming so fast But if he's going to hit it for him, it's moving very very very very very slowly And so you get one of the things that I got from racing that I didn't have before is a real appreciation Of how long two minutes can be And how long therefore 20 minutes can be And so you start to to impose restrictions and disciplines on time