Alright, so I'm very excited for this next speaker. This is someone who has been become a really close friend the last year and a half two years or so he first came in our company as one of our coaches and started doing some coaching stuff and You know, we have someone on your team that just kind of stands out really quick All the other coaches come him for all the answers and then all the students right fighting to be his To work with him and eventually I came to me and started showing me all the stuff He was doing I was like this is some cool stuff like all the things he was doing So then we started doing the workshops were doing our offices are high ticket ones that people pay $10,000 to come and go through He run a whole session on there and people would come out if they come out of my session Oxide in and motivated they go to his session they come out and more than once that people come up to me and say Russell, you know what your session was amazing, but the session with Taggart was even better than yours and Can you imagine someone said to me is that not rude like I was just like you can tell me as good without telling me He's better than me, but if you guys have seen the product We've created called the dark sided comm secrets. Mr. X is Michael Taggart. He's been learning from right now He does some really cool amazing stuff He's always like on the cutting edge of what's like working right now on on the internet and the strategy users are all like It seems like they're like shortcuts. They're aggressive. They work very effectively They're a lot of fun really exciting stuff. So that's why we're so excited to have him come come and present to you guys today So everyone that stand up let's put our hand together for my friend Michael Taggart Make sure this thing's working it how's everybody doing tonight? Hey guys enjoying your can of liquid crack All right, that was $200 worth the Red Bull just so you guys know I had them scour the airport for it during lunch and Make sure they put it in the refrigerator. So it got cold enough I saw y'all yawn and a little bit yesterday around this time and I wasn't gonna have any of that during my wonderful boring SEO speech so it's not gonna be that bad though. It's actually gonna be all right I'm gonna make it a little bit fun if I see anybody sleeping. I used to be in the military So that means I'm gonna make you stand up and do the I'm a little teapot thing So a caught if you guys want to test me on it. Just go to sleep. You'll see what happens. So I'm here to talk about SEO today I'm not one of the Dumb SEO guys that Russell was alluding to earlier and I was in the back when he was saying that so I'm actually one of the smarter guys that does that I work on a lot of stuff. It was really great working with Russell Over at his office and I got a million dollar education over there. I got to tell you Part of the reason why I even came up there Well, actually, you know, I'll get to that for a minute. Let's just kind of get to who I am really first, right? First of all, you can tell one thing right off the bat, right? I like to ski right a lot In fact, if I could ski and do internet marketing at the same time, I can That I would do it right so that's what I'm doing. I'm actually certified interrogator. I Actually twice certified now It's pretty interesting to use those skills in parenting. I'll tell you that much right now In fact, most of my siblings have asked me for advice and I've given them books on how to do that as well when my brothers has five kids and Interrogation is probably an important part of his life right now. So Right as eBay power seller throughout 2002 2007 actually was power seller after my third month of being on eBay So it takes you three months to get there. Anyways, my my third month. I was already there made a lot of money on eBay and I really enjoyed it, but I Just it's not for me anymore It's it's a lot of competition out there and just really wasn't something I wanted to do anymore I probably considered somewhat of a super affiliate marketer at this point And I'll show you guys some proof here in a minute You guys gonna kind of enjoy and see what I've been doing and and kind of my credibility here Obviously Dustin yesterday was talking about being a rock star, you know showing you guys some credibility except for I'm not really going to Talk too much about my own credibility. I'm gonna let other people speak for me I don't need to really talk when I got my cheerleaders, right? I'm considering SEO whiz. I don't call myself one for the most part. Everybody else calls me one That's just kind of how it goes, but I've just been I've always had a real affinity to it I like to See how things work and then try and break them, right? And I try and break them to figure out how they work That's the only way you can figure out things like Google Google's real tight-lipped about SEO and what works what doesn't how you get up to The top of the search engines Who who here really wants to be on the first page of Google tell me hey first page, right? All right, does anybody here know? What the difference is between rank number one on the first page and just the second place? What's the traffic difference? Does anybody here know? It's about it's about 50 to 60 percent somewhere in there for the first place and then it drops down to about 20 percent per second So you really need to be on the top of Google or you're really not getting that much traffic, right? That's a big thing. I was an internet marketing coach over at Russell Brunson's office It was a funny story how I got there pretty much when my friends was coaching director over at Russell's office And he came down to go skiing with me out in Utah They have a lot of good snow there, right? And he calls me up one day and you know comes down there was talking a little bit about business what he's been up to He'd been in Korea for a few years and hadn't seen him and we were talking about that He said he was doing some internet marketing coaching and things like that and he said You know we're just teach people like SEO and stuff and I said oh, you know search engine optimization He's like well, I didn't know you knew about that. I said well, let me tell you what I do know about it After that long talk, he said you need to come up and meet Russell He's really gonna be interested in what you have to say about one week later I moved back to Boise, Idaho and I was over at Russell's office and the rest is history, right? I Also do software development. I really like software you guys are all here because of what automation, right? You're here to learn how to automate your business. So you don't have to work as hard that is exactly what I'm all about Automation I developed software. I have people in particularly Russia Eastern Europe they're great programmers have a couple people that do programming for me on different types of software Somebody earlier mentioned Alexa you guys remember what Alexa is, right? One of my particular software's Inflature Alexa score now. I've heard people talking about black hat and white hat and gray hat Well, I put them all on from time to time, right? And I'm not afraid to say it okay There is a difference however because they say black hat and it gets a bad rap There is a difference though between black hat and fraud. Okay. I don't commit fraud. I don't believe in it I do believe in taking shortcuts automation and being quite aggressive. Okay. It's just how it is and that's what I do Every once in a while I get smacked by Google and that's okay because I smack the mech That we have a love-hate relationship like that. It's kind of like a dueling Frenchman, right? It's smacking each other around That's kind of how it works Information marketer starting into information marketing after Russell and I had a long talk about What it is I do and he's like man, you got it You got to make it information marketing something like dark side we came up with darkside.com secrets as the name You got to show people what you're doing because it's really cool and people like to hear about it So I said well, I guess I can do that and I sat around Doing that for about a month and just put together all the videos and showed everybody what I did now There's a lot of people in the black hat world that are mad at me And this is actually the first time I've been really out in the public stating that I'm the guy who created it They were kind of mad at me most of them are mad at me because they didn't want everybody else like all of these Other folks out there besides them doing what they were doing because it's effective, right? That's why they were mad You can go to any of those forums You'll see a lot of them really mad at me, but in the same breath they're saying wow this is great I'd actually have sold this for two thousand dollars. It was like a hundred ninety seven dollar product So I mean they got a great value out of it. It was like four or five gigabytes of straight up just information video after video after video how to Talking about theory and then actually doing it Anybody in here have the dark side? I know I know there's a couple of people one two three four five six All right, you guys like it. It was pretty good information, right? Cool WP video magic is a wordpress plugin that I made it's pretty much talks It does site mapping and things like that. It's pretty interesting stuff We'll talk about site maps in a few minutes though But what that does is it just kind of takes videos that are on your site and it makes sure that Google knows that they're there But it also allows you to take third-party videos. They're on other people's sites or other Video sites and you can actually get them into your site map as well And it even works with YouTube so if you have YouTube invented video on your site it actually Submits it to Google There's other software out there, but it doesn't do that Stats magic. I mentioned just a moment ago that actually does the Alexa inflation now If anybody knows how Alexa works Alexa ranks sites based on traffic So what it does it inflates your traffic ranking the other search engines take Alexa as one of their signals for SEO and they boost your ranking in there which then you get real traffic and that boost your ranking even more because you're Still using the software and it's just kind of it bumps it up like that It's pretty interesting stuff now It does a lot of other stuff too like helps you cloak your links for affiliate managers if anybody knows what that is or it helps you Change the page the referring page for certain things because you might not want your affiliate manager to know where your traffic came from for some reason I won't say why you know people do it for different reasons So a lot of people want to do it to protect themselves because there have been affiliate managers in the past who Taken people's campaigns or saw their site and cloned them and done stuff like that. So it's a lot of reasons why people do it I personally I'm just the guy who made it. I don't care what you do with it. You know, it's kind of like the guys who make the guns They don't shoot anybody. They just make them right? Maps magic is kind of my new thing that I'm doing right now. It's actually not available to the public. You guys cannot buy it I'm sorry. There are a few people in the room that actually did buy it Who here if you guys are maps magic VIP or inside or anybody you guys want to stand up for just a minute? To show people who you are. I know there's one two three and I know there's at least two more people But they may not be in here right now. So at least five people in the room Are getting some one-on-one training with me in a group setting and it's really interesting stuff We just started on Monday and it's it's cool cool Edgy SEO stuff. I've been working on it for two years been my secret project I've only taught 10 people in the world how to do it every single one of them is completely killing it right now Okay, so it speaks for itself now. Here's some of my last results from some of my Promotions if you guys know what se nuke is you guys anybody here know what se nuke is It's an automation program that helps you do a lot of the syndication and SEO stuff out there that you need to do Helps you do videos press releases articles bookmarking everything. It's a beautiful program it's a friend of mine who created his name is a reeb and He just he went out and just hit this one out of the ballpark with it now as you see with the promotion of it See these names on here anybody recognizing you those names. There's some pretty big names, right? And you see my name right there. I'm right on the top 10 with them. Okay There's a reason for that and it's because I know what I'm doing right people listen to me when I talk about SEO because I get results and It speaks for itself. Here's another one right here FB max now somebody mentioned I believe Rachel mentioned SEO presser before anybody here use SEO presser at all just a couple people I do highly recommend that by the way if you use WordPress SEO presser is Fantastic, but the creator of it had this product right here. His name is Daniel tan And this was his launch in April second place and I was barely like two cells off two cells off $5,000 bonus barely missed it. I got like $3,500 bonus plus I got all the cells and I got a Portable little projector and all sorts of cool stuff This one right here is from February. This is from SEO business box. It's another one of Daniel tan's Fantastic products and as you see right there I was only about four cells away from first place on that one and again There's a lot of names on here that should be familiar if you guys have affiliates or you guys them have had some of these people Promoting for you in the past. So obviously I kind of know what I'm doing a little bit here, right? I don't have to say anything about it. This speaks for itself In fact, I've had a lot of people contact me because they see me on these leaderboards and they say I want you to promote my stuff Please can you do that? I do have a confession to make though. Okay, it's confession time one of my biggest achievements I was talking about is The fact that this is what I was doing while I was winning those affiliate contests. Okay, see that right there That's what I call the bird man, right? And I was probably about you can't tell but it's about six to eight feet in the air right around there And I was having a great old time and then of course when I get back for lunchtime to have my lunchtime beer. I Check my stats and I'm always impressed commission crusher was mentioned earlier got to say that was click banks all-time highest gravity I believe ever in click bank. It was fantastic promotion. I was actually in Tamarack, Idaho We were driving there on the way while I was writing the emails to promote it and I was tethering off of my phone And I think I made about ten thousand dollars that day and on top of that I had a fantastic day skiing was great, right? So if you guys want to learn how to do all that there's a couple of ways to do it now How do I get all these email addresses SEO? Stuff like that right? That's how I got it now Of course, I was sitting there emailing people driving them to a page and doing some stuff like that a Lot of different things that what I did It's kind of like this right here has to do with the home page Driving to a product if you get the site to rank with SEO you get more traffic and you get more orders, but on top of that you get more visibility Become more of a household name, right? That's very important. We've talked about that for the last two days now You need to become a household name more exposure. It's going to draw people to you when that happens People are going to be contacting you asking you for backlinks and link baiting. Do you guys know what link baiting is? anybody Now what it is is you're basically taking a site that somebody wants a link from and They're giving you a link exchange. Okay now what you're doing is you actually have a third site So you approach somebody and you say hi, I'm the owner of such-and-such site I would like to get a link from you and I'll give you a link So you put a link on your page for them. It's a backlink, right? You guys know what backlinks are correct everybody in the room should probably know what backlinks are It's basically a link from your site to their site and vice versa now There's different types of backlinks, but we'll get there in a minute What it is is that you've got this third site over there So you're saying I'm gonna I would like a link and I'll give you a link and you give them a link and then you say By the way, I don't want you to link back to this site. I gave you a link on I want you to link to this site over here instead a Third site okay, what you're doing there is called link baiting you're baiting them with this other site that looks desirable Okay, and that gets you real far if you guys know how to use it Social networks, of course it drives the man back to the product and and kind of is a I'd say vicious circle But it's not so vicious when you're making money now. How did I do it again SEO? I did it with email capturing email addresses with SEO Virally, I mean if you can drive traffic to your page You need to be using that traffic to go out there and find more traffic for you So usually bribery is the best way to do that So I bribe everybody as much as possible to share my material Automated webinars which I started using a few months ago, and I must say I love them very very much. They're great I don't have to be there the entire time But I would sit there and drive them to those webinars and then after the webinar I drive into another viral page and and so on and so forth as much as possible And just try to keep them in this viral loop where they're out there spreading my message and getting free stuff and helping me make money Pathway monetization that's a term somebody over here in the front row probably knows all about He's got a partner named Luke. I believe that that talks quite a bit about it I was on some of those calls and that was one of those aha moments for me I thought you know that's fantastic if you guys don't know what pathway monetization is it's basically when people get to your site What 90% of them leave your site without ever doing anything, right? So if you could find a way to capture a way to contact them in every way shape or form You'd want to do that, right? If you could get their phone number and do something with it, would you if you could get them to call you? Right, and you maybe have somebody on the phone that's waiting to answer the phone You can drive them back to a site fill in some information like an affiliate product I use it for CPA a lot and I make money right so let's talk about that for just a minute. I have payday loan sites for example payday loans are awesome Well, if you're not if you're not getting them, I guess they're awesome, right? If you're getting them, it's probably not the best time to be you know discussing it now It's awesome for me I make a hundred dollars every time somebody gets paid alone from my from one of my sites, right now I've got about 30 of them, okay, and I'm going to show you guys some proof in just a few minutes about I get anywhere from 100 to 200 phone calls a day For payday loans, and I have guys that just sit there all day long Hi Seattle payday loan. How can I help you? Oh? Yeah, you want to payday loan, okay? Well, you just need to go to this site You actually don't even need to step into an office. You don't have to leave your house You have to fax anything you don't have to do anything you just need to go to this site I'll go ahead and walk you through filling it out Walk them through filling it out. I pay person answers phone $30. I keep 70 and I didn't do anything Right. I haven't done anything besides since I set them up a year and a half ago. I've not touched them I have not looked at them. I've literally not done a dang thing and They're making me money What I call that method is called micro SEO It's a term. I'm trying to coin a little bit People talk about local marketing or local SEO and stuff like that. It's just not that Sexy of a term micro SEO is though and Google did us a big huge favor you guys remember about a year a year and a half ago when All of a sudden you started searching for things and use a keyword and all of a sudden you started seeing stuff That was kind of closer to your house geographic results right and I heard screams and Cries around the world in SEO community. Oh SEO is dead We're so screwed all this other stuff and I just laugh at people when they do that because it's like chicken little in the skies falling, right? For me I thought this is fantastic Google just totally leveled the playing field for all of us for all of us little people these Corporations far as I'm concerned can yeah the way open up all these different avenues for us. It's kind of like a big diamond Right. It's a rock at first. It's not very shiny or anything like that Micro SEO went when Google did that they essentially cut it down and made a little fast and also there's more surface area showing now There's more places for all of us to play and rank and do stuff with Very effective very very effective. I'm gonna show you how effective it is now who here thinks I'm gonna sell you guys something tonight. Oh Come on who thinks I'm gonna sell you guys something tonight Nope not a thing. I will give you the opportunity however to learn micro SEO if you'd like to you Now there's gonna be some things I would ask for you to do. It's not gonna require your credit card though, okay? Maybe some blood but not your credit card, okay? No, I'm just kidding. I will give you guys opportunity learn it absolutely free if you'd like to However, I do have a couple of terms I'm not a hard guy to work with actually I'm gonna kind of invite all of you guys in this room to discuss Opportunities of J being with me and me maybe pushing your product and helping you guys out If you guys do a few things for me and that's all I asked for okay So we can talk about that in a few minutes social SEO Rachel was she animated or what? She's a lovely girl though. She was at partnerships a couple I can't even remember it was about six to eight months ago and I see she was paying attention to me when we were there because she was talking about a few different things that I do as well in terms of social Social SEO and stuff like that you guys enjoying these red bulls by the way You're not using them. You don't want them just you know hand them out if anybody else is looking for me because If I ever get in a car accident, please find me a case of this and tap a vein because that is pretty much my blood type at this point All right It's internet marketers. We do this so we don't have to work so much. I Was up till four in the morning making affiliate commissions I was actually sitting here laughing yesterday with them couple of these lovely ladies because I made a thousand dollars while we were sitting here having Presentations yesterday. That's pretty cool, huh? Thousand bucks didn't even have to do anything. I was sitting over there kicking back and giving Rico Hell from behind saying man, I've been trying to track you down for a while so You know social signals stuff like that. What is it? What is it? Right? Social SEO social signals things like that. She talked about them earlier with people starting to talk about more things SEO is going in that direction. Okay. Well, a lot of people say to me You don't need SEO anymore. You just need social social drives tons of traffic Absolutely. In fact, it drives tons of traffic for dirt cheap if you know how to do it Now I'm going to share with you guys a couple of things. I cornered Scott yesterday you guys know Scott right? He's talking about media buys. Okay. I cornered him yesterday and said okay guys Okay, Scott, let me let me let me ask you something You were talking about Anthony and Costa Rica and he he was doing something on Facebook, right? You guys better write this down by the way. Okay. I'm serious get your pens out You're interested in doing anything on Facebook at all you want to hear this I Said you know Scott. I know what he was doing. Just nod your head You don't have to answer if you don't want to but let me ask you this if his ads look something like this Say it's Rock climbing right you selling rock climbing harnesses and the ad simply enough is somebody that's rock climbing and you got to Test pictures, but you can test pictures What kind of text was on there simply enough it's if you love rock climbing like this One sentence you don't fill up the whole thing you just say one little sentence Right it just one little sentence if you love rock climbing like this you tell them specifically what to do It's called actions very short very sweet to the point and if you're rock climber, of course, you're gonna click it I mean, I would click it. I like to rock climb So that's something that Anthony was doing that's how he was getting so many people to click See the key to Facebook is is really and this is kind of off topic with SEO But key to Facebook really is To give me clicks as possible the more click-throughs you get the lower your cost is it's kind of the same with ad words as well But if you can get just a couple of 0.02 0.03% click-through rate on on Facebook. That's fantastic. They reward you with one penny clicks Okay, so in order to do that. That's what he was doing. That's what he was writing and he said yeah, that's what he was doing I said, let me ask you another thing Steelers dream, huh? That's funny Was he promoting a CPA offer you guys know what CPA is by now right cost for action was he promoting a CPA offer that? Was for sports teams jerseys maybe Right, it was a free team jersey if they just fill out their information He said yeah, that's what he's doing and he said now he's put up for every sports team imaginable And I said no there you go right and goes I like you I was paying attention and I watch what other people do okay Social SEO is the way to go because social proof is something that Google takes very seriously right now They understand that Facebook and Twitter and these guys are the biggest threat to their existence That's ever been and so they understand that they have to adapt to it and they also understand that All of you out here are literally kind of the internet police for them in a way You can be the more you talk about something means the more that that something is relevant to people So that's what they want to show So social and SEO are melding together the more and more you you work with both the better off You're going to be okay, and you get a lot of different benefits from it now What is SEO in a nutshell right? This is the SEO process in the middle and you've got your SEO strategy You need to have a strategy if you guys don't have an SEO strategy you guys are seriously hurting yourselves Okay, you need to map out what your process is. It's all about process. Okay the guy who makes You know hundreds thousand dollars working at Albertsons is not the guy who's cutting the meat Okay, it's the guy who's running a store the guy who came up with the process for everything to run smoothly Okay, it's the store manager or somebody else is not the guy who's doing the work you need to come up with a process It's all about process and we're finding it and then scaling Side analysis things like web analytics you need to have analytics if you guys don't know what people are typing in to get to your site You're you're you're driving blind right you're driving with Stevie Wonder right that's a bad idea. I heard Somewhere sometime Competitor analysis you should see what your competitors are doing if your competitors are beating you You might want to be more like them. Okay, you need to find out what keywords are optimizing for and Then go out there and work on them yourself SEO compliance. You need to have proper site structure That's something that most people just they have most most of the site structure But they just kind of half-assed the rest of it You can't do that because as soon as you have asked something somebody else behind you is actually doing it They're gonna pass you you cannot let up on it Now with your SEO game you guys really need to be outsourcing the majority of this. It's busy work It's paying the butt and that's just how it is But you need to understand it so you could tell somebody how to do it correctly Metatags and content things like that, you know search engines are software now software is as smart as you can make it But it has limitations right? Metatags and things like that Tell the search spiders and the search engine and things like that What are on pages? They just sometimes don't know things like images now They're starting to be able to read images and things like that But before you had to meta tag these images so they knew what it was right? Things like submission to search engines and directories is still something that needs to be done It was something a lot more in the past where you really had to submit yourself to directories You can be found because before the internet was an indexed really right you had to know where something was to find it And the only way you knew where to find it or could find it was by them being visible in a directory There are things like link building link analysis where you kind of Actually, we'll say link analysis and link to relevant sites and blogs you need to link to other places and other places linked to you It's really interesting because that in a way is social proof as well right that's social authority when other people are linking to you It's kind of like what I tell people Google is like a big high school right you guys remember high school You guys hate it You know people who hate it were probably not the most popular people in the world, but oh well right High school is not everything but it's like high school because when there's a cool kid in the class say he's the first guy on Google first Listing on there and he points to somebody else and says that guy's pretty cool, too What is that? That's him basically saying that guy's pretty cool right and the guy's gonna start lifting up in in the ranking now When he says that guy's pretty cool and he links back to you with a certain search term or phrase with the keyword He's saying that guy's cool and he knows about soccer. Well Google says okay soccer Check more people that say soccer and point at that guy. He's saying okay check check check check start bouncing up So that is essentially social proof right? I mean that's socially People saying this is the guy. This is the one and eventually you become so cool. You're cooler than the first guy Right. It's very simple stuff Now what this is is on page SEO. This is meta meta information if you guys ever seen any of this some of you guys have some you guys haven't yeah All right You guys excited. I know it's kind of a boring subject here and there. I'm trying to make it as interesting as possible But when you guys see results That's what's interesting right? That's all we want we want results and you guys sometimes have to do trial by far and kind of have to do some things that you Don't really find as fun as other things like making silly videos and things like that, but hey Whatever right? We got meta information. We got title. Okay stamp collecting world Okay, the meta name see meta name title is very important. You need to have a title on the page now This was super important 10 years ago. Everybody said that this died eight nine years ago I disagree absolutely 100% because I know for a fact it still works We've done tests on sites where we've got a certain ranking and All we'll do is go into it change the meta on it to something else and boom jumps up four or five more rankings So they can't tell me that it's dead and Google still uses it to and if anybody wants to say that That's not true Then we can talk about it afterwards and I guess we can have words about it as well Right, but we can also have a discussion about it. I like to learn from other people I want to see what other people are doing if you have a differing opinion about it Show me why because I need to know. Okay. This is my business Title stamp collecting words. So you're telling them it's about stamp collecting meta name description All the description is is what gets indexed in Google You see when you see a site name and it says, you know, joe's flies or something like that And then there's a description right underneath it that says about a paragraph couple a couple of sentences, right? That's the description right there. Now in the description needs to be Relevant to what's in the title because Google You know, they're kind of hard-headed last time I checked right they they need for you to really pound it into them Exactly what a page is about and you can help yourself out by doing that So you've got stamp collecting world you need to have And and this is example is actually something that I wouldn't recommend This is everything you want to know about stamps from prices to history I just agree with that you should probably be saying everything you want to know about stamp collecting From prices to history and you should probably even say something in the world or something like that And you know, you just need to make the words work in there It needs to be redundant. It needs to be over and over and over. You need to drill it into Google's head Keywords same thing. It needs to be stamp collecting stamps stamp history. I don't know about I don't know why prices is on there That's just a bad example. You know, it's just not so good. How do you guys figure out what keywords to use for this? Do you guys have any idea what anybody here want to tell me what they use to select keywords? You guys just guess What's that? Google trends, that's a good one too. Google suggests You know, I'm developing some software right now for Google suggests basically will inflate or create artificial google suggestions Okay, so when somebody starts typing in a phrase It will automatically pop up something that you want them to be typing in so as soon as they see it They're like, oh wow and they just select that instead, right? That's pretty powerful Especially if you just nobody and you turn it on for a couple of days and all of a sudden that's popping up as a suggestion in google Right, that's huge. Okay. I'm working on that right now That's a big big thing. Um, so google suggests anybody else Wonder wheel who said that? I like you. Okay, google wonder wheel is awesome If you guys have never seen it, I'm gonna I think I have a picture of it on here If not, all you got to do is go to google type in a keyword Look to the left of the screen And it should say wonder wheel and if not just click the more button and it'll say wonder wheel Click that and it'll open this nice beautiful Wagon wheel looking thing and it's got your keyword in the middle and a bunch of little branches off to the side Each one of those is a keyword that google google's telling you already what they consider to be the most Relevant keyword next to that word. Okay, they're telling you already what to put in your meta keywords Okay, those are your alt keywords your meta keywords things like that Those are the keywords that you need to be going after the the title of the page is stamp collecting world google might tell you that Um, you know stamp prices stamp history and stuff like that are the keywords that they consider to be closest to it Those are keywords that you need to be using on your meta those are keywords You need to be using In your articles your press releases and all those are called lsi keywords. Do you guys know what lsi keywords are? Late and semantic index keywords It's just a fancy name for saying the other keyword. That's kind of the closest relevant keyword to google Okay, or i'm sorry to the keyword that you are trying to target So lsi keywords very very important before you could just sit there and just hit the same keyword over and over in content And you know it was fine, but google got wise to that real fast And they started using lsi keywords because people who write Use use lsi keywords naturally and natural writing does that and so they know That that's something that needs to be done. So you need to be doing that as well So find out what your lsi keywords are takes like five minutes to do it's not that difficult Go there and find out what they are Every time you click on each one of those little keywords opens up another wagon wheel and tells you a whole another list of Keywords that's related to that one that you just clicked on so you can go kind of deep in there and find out what keywords Are really really relevant and then go after them Now here's some of the ones that we were just mentioning right external keyword tool nobody said google insights I don't know why google insights is my best friend in the world, okay Love it It it will tell you exactly what people are typing in in a specific location people in Tampa Bay Typing something different than people in Orlando if you guys would believe this okay people in Seattle type in payday advance. They don't type in payday loan. They type in payday advance. I don't know why right people in Texas type in cash advance more stuff like that. Don't ask me why they just do it's just determined phrase that they use I would never know that unless I went to google insights and found that out you can drill down into specific cities States and everything else. Okay, you can find out where the traffic's coming from the most In the country or the world so why would you want to focus your efforts on 40 other states right? Why would you want to do that? There's no reason to do that. Why not just focus on the top 10? and Devote all your effort there those are the places those are the places that are looking for it anyways Now you could try and land clients and do whatever and sell whatever you're trying to sell to all those other ones But it's not going to be as effective as those 10. So why waste your time right? SEO book that's a free resource you can go to SEO book calm and they got a suggestion tool right there And in fact they've got a suggestion tool and next to it. They've got links to to insights Trends and all these other different sites that you can get free data from That tells you all about keywords and tells you all about the trends and how much traffic is coming those keywords It's completely free. So use it What is key? What is google and really the rest of the pack? What do they want? Okay google is trying to Categorize data they're called part mentalizing data. It's called data classification. It's what I call it and people in partnership we to discuss that frequently and they're just trying to be a index of all information and compartmentalize it as much as possible before they would say things like Butterflies or a certain a bug, you know butterflies cockroaches, whatever now they're dividing it up into specific types And and again, it's kind of like the facets in the diamond. I was talking about before Before they had drilled down to just a broad sense of the words now They're dissecting every single word that's out there every single piece of data out there and trying to categorize it compartmentalize it Put it somewhere so they can index it so they can send people to the right place at the right time Get where they need to go google wants relevancy Okay, that's what they want. They want somebody to type in one word click one time find exactly what they want and be Happy that's all they want because if they do that they're going to keep coming back to google for information Okay, that's what they're looking for So if you go out there and you categorize your data correctly you classify your data correctly You tell google what it is you name the data like say you've got a video Or an image or something on your page a pdf file. It doesn't matter what it is. Why name it pdf one Name it rock climbing Dot pdf. Okay, that's another chance for you to have that keyword on the page It also tells google what it is and that pdf will get indexed for the word rock climbing Okay, they they index pdf files things like that you can do that with videos You can do it with images you can do it with any piece of data You have there. Okay, so you need to be doing that if you're not doing it somebody else is going to do it They're going to pass you up. I promise you it might be me It might be one of my students might be one of my friends. It's definitely going to be somebody who's competing with you though. Okay Data relevancy is everything. It is very very important. Okay One click for the user to find what they want. That's what they're looking for if you guys are not all about that Then you're going to have problems with google. Okay, they're not going to reward you with better search rankings. They just will not do it The customer experience is what they really want now on page optimization Um sites were optimized for keywords originally. Okay, right? They were just optimized for keywords the entire site Was just optimized for a keyword and google just indexed the whole site as a whole they were just like, okay This site's about that. Well after they got done doing a lot of that and they said, okay. Well now let's go to pages now each and every specific page Is actually optimized for a keyword. Well, hopefully optimized for a keyword each and every specific page is now indexed as well and they rank The same way they rank different places and you might see if you type in affiliate support Into google you're going to see that I own the entire first like six listings in there It's my same site, but it's a different page for each one. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Boom. Okay There's a reason for it. It's because I classify my data on these pages I tell google exactly what it's about and I drive it into their thick head. Okay Pages are optimized for keywords. You need to make sure you're doing that sites are ranked now Based on SEO optimization and social SEO and needs to be on page and off page We'll talk about what off page is in a minute. Do you guys know what off page SEO is? anybody Things like link baiting or if you go and put an article at a site and you link back to your site That's off page SEO or two other factors involved there too So it's anything that's off of your site anything that's on your site that you can manipulate I mean, it's your site. You can do whatever you want to with it. Now my Alexa tool, right the one that inflates stats Technically, I don't think that's black hat because you're hitting your own site You can do whatever you want to with your own site, right? You're not doing it to anybody else's site It's not hurting anybody else. You're doing it to your own site So that's on page SEO as far as I'm concerned Keyword rich backlinks, right anchor tags. You need to be linking back with the keyword Don't ever link back with your raw link. It really isn't going to help you that much It'll be a backlink, but it's not going to tell them that it's about computers It's not going to help them classify your data and categorize your data. You need to have that. You must have it H1 h2 h3 h4 tags. Do you guys anybody here know what they are? Okay, h tags. Okay, good. I like seeing a few people raise their hands here H tags are basically h1 tag is kind of like a title tag H2 h3 h4 subtitles Okay, most people only use h1 maybe an h2 and that's it Okay, you actually have h1 to h3 h4 h5. I believe You should be using them all Because if 90 of people aren't using h3 h4 h5 and you are What are you doing for yourself? You're lifting yourself above the pack, right? As long as you keep on doing that your cumulative effort is going to lift you up in the ranking lsi keywords, right? The wonder wheel we just talked about you need to be using those Because if you don't use them anymore google is going to say oh, you're trying to gain the system and we're gonna we're going to penalize you for that Because I think you're trying to screw around with us a little bit. They know it's not quite natural They know you might be trying to write specifically for seo rather than write for the user experience Okay, you can do great seo, but you have to do it right nowadays You need to do it that way you need to use lsi keywords make it appear natural And help the customer at the same time, okay? That needs to be your goal is helping people find what they want And of course your product's the best and that's what they want, right? Now search term. I'm sorry site name Um, I use a plugin if you guys use wordpress. I use a plugin called headspace Okay, it's an seo plugin. It's 100% free. I use a lot of free stuff I use a lot of paid stuff But I use a lot of free stuff because when I teach people how to do stuff typically They've spent a lot of money to talk to me and I really don't want them to have to spend any more money if they don't have to Okay, and and I have had a lot of students that just really don't have a lot of bucks to spend And uh, the only way they can do it is by using a lot of free stuff. So a lot of methods I develop Talk about how to do it in as little or low cost as possible headspace will allow you to Trick google into thinking your site name is something other than what it is So you've got a specific page Say um my one of my websites is affiliate support desk dot com, right? That's the number one for affiliate support And on a page so it's affiliate support desk dot com is a site name But on a certain page say i'm promoting a Software like instant social anarchy. That's a software that russell and I had released a year or two ago I will say in headspace instant social anarchy and it will report to google that that page site name is instant social anarchy dot com okay google Likes it when the exact keyword is a domain name, right? You guys all know that Okay, so if it thinks that that page site name is that site name You're going to appear right next to that guy that owns that actual site name or maybe even above them I beat those guys a lot Okay, you're tricking google into thinking of your site name something other than what it is I don't know if it's gray or you're not. I really don't care, right? Google doesn't make it very easy for me. So i'm going to make it real hard for them Okay, they're going to have to come get me and i'm going down with a big fight, okay? Search terms too. That's another one. I've been exploiting a lot lately I don't know if a lot of people have used it or heard about it. In fact, uh, everybody I tell about it I was like, I never even knew about that what it does is it will find out what people typed Basically referring keyword that people type to get to your site So any page that you that the person lands on they type the keyword It will then take that keyword that they type and add it to that page at the bottom with an anchor tag Two other pages on your site that it believes are relevant for that Yeah, it's a plugin absolutely free. You can just look it up right on wordpress and download it and put it right on your site It will add it to that page And it will put a number next to have how many people found that page using that keyword And as it keeps on going and going up and up and up and up Google sees that and starts ranking you for that as well. You can put it in the sidebar or on the page I put it on both Okay, and so your game in google a little bit. Yeah But you're also creating what are called inlinks You guys know what inlinks are it's when you link to one page on your site from another page on your site Good inlinking structure for on page SEO is very very important I've seen sites that we're struggling to get onto the first page of google We went into it. We worked on their inlinking on their site from page to page page used some anchor keywords and boom Finally got to the first page. Okay. It's very important. Again. It's on page SEO. You need to be doing Uh video mobile and image site maps. Okay, we were talking about wp video magic Before and that creates video site maps, but there's also mobile site maps and there's image site maps Now with my wp video magic product. I also give away a image site map product It's a plugin that does the same sort of thing and you will allow you to add keywords to any image that's on your site so say you've got a thousand pages on your side of of Photos or images and things like that, right? Who really wants to go back through your site and rename all of your pictures and alt tags and all that stuff for those images That's a lot of images, right? You should have an image on every page If you have text, there better be an image on there and there better be a video on there too. You know why? Because it's more data for google to digest It's more chances for you to stuff a keyword in there without looking like you're stuffing it You're making it more relevant. You're helping them classify their data, right? That's what you're helping them do and also just so you know having a video on a page usually increases How long a person stays on the page so it helps with your bounce rates and things like that, right? time on site very important google looks at time on site that people spend to Rank you. I mean if people are spending a lot of time on your site must be a good site, right? So there you go um site maps are very important site maps tell google Exactly where the data is what it is and again it classifies the information it tells them this this this this this Exactly what they're looking for. That's what they want. They want to know what the description is They want to know what the tags are they want to know where the image is located They want to know all that sort of stuff. It's like data classification, right? It's to the point If you guys have ever heard of the doubling core project I think one person in here raised their raise their hand Raise their hand. Okay. Dublin core is like a um, it's kind of like a non-profit project where they're trying to do data classification as well It's not even to the point of this is an image about butterflies and you've got five alt keywords about Butterflies lsi keywords. They're but butterflies. It's even taking it to the point of what camera it was shot with Who shot the picture where it was shot at what geographic location what the date was things like that That's what google wants google is an adopter of of doubling core There's a doubling core plugin that you can install for WordPress. It does all of the work for you Just put it on your site. I'm a huge software user if you guys haven't noticed already, right? I'm crazy about software because software helps me get a lot of stuff done And so I just I use it. I have to I I can't sit here 20 hours a day unless I drink 20 of those To do all of this stuff. Can you guys? I mean, can you can you guys do it? I want to hear you guys. Can you do you guys have the time? Yeah, all right. I don't see anybody sleeping yet T pot remember that I'm a little t pot Site maps are particularly helpful if your site has dynamic content Okay, if your content changes on your site often you need to have site maps Okay, because google isn't always at your site 24 hours a day. They're just not so when they get there They don't even know exactly where where they're at where they're getting at what it is right now need to have it Okay, your site is very important. The site has pages that maybe aren't easily discovered. Okay Maybe it's ajax page or it's a flash page flash pages are the worst. I'm sorry. They look pretty But they don't help you guys out. I know you guys probably know that if you guys don't know that don't use it. Yes An example of a site map usually if you go to any site you can go to um One of my sites like affiliatesport desk comm slash site map dot xml That'll show you a site map or just go to google itself and just type in site map And you can actually go to images google images type in site map and it'll show you an image of what a site map looks like And all the site map is is again It's just a it tells you what the pages what the title of the pages The description of the pages and then it tells google or any other search engine where it's located at That's what they want to know That's sort of information Your site may be new. Okay, you guys might have a new site. Maybe there's hardly any links to it There's no other cool kids in the class saying you're cool And so you need to tell google While it crawls a site that um Here's this data just so you know man. Nobody thinks I'm cool yet, but they're gonna they're gonna So here's all my stuff now. So you guys know how to classify it Your site may have a large archive of content pages that are not well linked together Maybe you don't have a good inlinking structure, right? And so you need to have a site map to tell them by the way all these pages are linked from here here here Now you should have a way for a person to navigate on your site from any page to any other page If you're able to do that. That's why I use wordpress wordpress is inherently set up to Be loved by google and and all the other search engines for sco purposes As good inlinking structure. It just has good structure in general for sco I use wordpress for just about everything When it comes down to sites and you can make it look any way you want to it's very user friendly if you guys don't use it Tons of tons and tons of software that you guys can use for free that will help you get all the results that you're wanting Um, if you guys, you know, I'm gonna give you guys contact information for me later if you guys want to email me I'll send you a list of all the plugins every single one that I use Some of them are free most of them are some of them are paid That's just how it is But the fact is that a lot of this can do it for you Okay, so instead of sitting there and drying yourself nuts just learn the basics learn what you need to be doing And then get that software and let it do it for you. Okay, or you know hire an outsourcer to do some of the other things that you're going to be doing Image optimized with alt tags description and name. So maybe you've got your image on there Remember how I was mentioning that you need to be telling that that image needs to be named the exact keyword Okay, then there's going to be a title for the image. So you name it the keyword So the title tag of your page. So you got a title tag. It needs to be the keyword If there's an image on there, it needs to be named the same keyword Alt tag one of them needs to be the same keyword in the description same keyword Do you guys see what i'm talking about redundancy? Now you don't want to use the same keyword five, you know five times You don't want to say the same keyword keyword keyword keyword keyword keyword and alt tags. You don't want to do that Okay, because then your keyword stuffing, but if you say the keyword and then four lsi keywords, you're not stuffing You're classifying data. You're helping them Okay video you need to be naming your videos. Did you guys know there's um ways to embed metadata into videos? Or images where you guys have you guys ever tagged an mp3 before where you got an mp3 and you name it You say what album it was from and stuff like that It's the same thing you can do that with videos and images and things like that Right you need to be doing that because that's more instances of data that you could add to the page To help google out you need to be doing that sort of stuff. They didn't care before but they do care now I mean they they've got They've got images. They've got video results. They've got blog results They've got all these different types of indexed results now the reason why is because that's what they're going to they need that Um in linking with anchor links again. You have to have those I see so many people saying click here and that's their link on their page. Who wants to rank for click here? I don't I don't want to rank for click here. Do you guys or download now? Probably not it'll be pretty hard too because there's about a million billion trillion other sites that are ranking for it too Because they just don't know better right um Do you guys use dot? Or no, www if you guys are using both if you can if you can type in www And it shows up on your page And you type in not www just you leave it off and and it shows up on there too. That's bad Okay, that's actually duplicate content in google's eyes. So you can set up your site To just do one or the other it's very easy to do you just need to go into your domain register And just click one little button in there that says www or not That's all you got to do I usually don't even add a www why because it's just three more letters somebody has to type in I prefer not to do it I just want them to type in the site name and that's it makes it very easy for me If you guys don't do that you're getting a duplicate content penalty. I'm telling you right now What's happening even as we speak so make sure that you get it set up that way you can't use both Up until last month Or I guess two months ago now Did you guys hear the screams around the world in april? Whoo Tell you what now me I'm one of those guys who does it. I go scrape data off of all sorts of other sites and put it on mine 24 hours a day seven days a week I wasn't affected at all. In fact, I was showing these ladies over here yesterday. I have a site. I started two months ago I've got 30,000 and almost 30,000 hits to it now a month Already two months ago. I don't do anything to the site. I haven't added any data to the site In fact, I haven't really even SEO optimized it. Don't tell anybody, right? I was doing I'm doing a test on a couple of pieces of software that I've been working on and went from zero to 30,000 hits Every single month now within two months 60 days. Okay How I do it I can't really tell you right here. I could tell you maybe later on but you guys are gonna have to buy You know something from here or something like that, but not tonight because I'm not selling anything, right? You got to have original content more than ever see duplicate content Google got kind of pissed off like two months ago. They were sick and tired of these content farms, right? These places that will go out there and scrape data off all these other sites and just add it to the site and that's it Okay, I use things that rewrite that content. It'll still that content rewrite it and then add it to the page Okay, I even do more than that, but I switch up the content that way now if you guys aren't using stuff like that or don't want to use things like that You need to make sure you have original content. I hire article writers us article writers. I pay them three dollars for about 300 to 400 words so Yeah, american writers that they use lsi keywords because I send them a video that says here's how you do lsi keywords You better have them in there You need to be in the titles and all that sort of stuff. So say I write an article, right? I'm gonna give you another tip. I write an article. It's the keyword right right in the title I usually have them write three titles. Okay, and I'll tell you why in a minute They write three titles for every single article. They write me keyword keyword Density you guys know what that is Yeah, what do you guys think good keyword density is? 5% it's too high About three three percent's the sweet spot three to four percent four percent's kind of stretching high 3% so you need to have the keyword three times per every hundred words Right, that's all you got to do And make sure you have some lsi keywords in there too because it helps strengthen those So if you just do three percent three times for every hundred words and a few other lsi keywords, you're awesome, right? Now I have them write three titles Then they write their um, they write the body of the article And that's it and uh, why do I do that? Do you guys know why I would do that? Because I turn around with that article and I give it to one of my girls in the philippines Right and she goes and takes a paragraph of that article one of the titles and she creates a video with it using video slideshow I use animoto.com To make videos or she does Okay, it's super cheap. You can actually do it for free if you want to at first But it's super duper cheap You can make a video I can make three four videos in like 10 minutes Just real fast. They're real nice looking videos really good quality And she doesn't know I mean she doesn't know English too too much Uh-oh Hopefully somebody plugs me in real quick because I don't know where it's at But I do need to get plugged in so Um, she takes those and she creates these little video slideshows now The reason I have her do that is because I don't want her to be coming up with the content that she's putting in these videos herself Right. She may mess up a word here or there. It's not perfect English that she's got but um, she'll just take that each sentence She'll do a slide slide sentence slide slide sentence slide slide sentence A lead in and a lead out the lead out always sends them to my site name The lead in always tells them my site name too. So right at the start right at the end Okay, then she distributes these videos now. Rachel mentioned pixel pipe earlier. I taught her that by the way Right pixel pipe is really cool. I like it. I've been banned from tube mogul so many times I just don't want to mess with them anymore pixel pipes wonderful and it distributes to 10 times the many sites There's traffic geyser, but that's cost you an arm and a leg and a kidney And um, if you guys don't want to spend that money on it pixel pipes a great alternative it 100 free Okay, it's fantastic. She goes out there and she distributes these videos something like 50 video sites with per each video. So Boom, she shoots these videos out. That's 50 more backlinks pointing back at my site, right with content You know with keywords in the title and the descriptions and they're linking back to my site And it's all from that article that I wrote that cost me three bucks. I pay her a dollar 15 hour Okay, she can make about four or five Six these videos easily in an hour easily and she probably works 10 hours a day for me Okay, she she busts a lot of videos out. In fact, I've hired half of her family now, you know, seriously What better right? She's she worked for me for two years. She's fantastic And so I'm like hey, you got anybody else that you know that you know wants to make some money She can kind of train them right. She's sitting right there So I don't even have to train them anymore I send the videos make sure they do it right and there we go Um, you can still use duplicate content. You got to be careful. You got to do things like spinning the article I use things like the best spinner. It's what it's called the best spinner Um, it will allow you to do a lot of the spinning without you having to actually type it in yourself You need to be changing content around if you're taking other people's content What if you write your own content you can spin it as well? Why make one article when you can have 200 from it, right? You need to have one article that you wrote for three dollars Hit a button and have 200 articles from that same article But enough difference where google's going to say, okay, these are all different and index them all Right and you need to leverage your your your content you leverage your power If you guys aren't doing that sort of stuff you're wasting money you're wasting time You're not creating enough content google wants you to be creating content They like content They love content. That's what feeds them. That's what helps them get bigger. That's what helps them index things Go create content. It helps you get backlinks every time you distribute one of those articles or videos it gets you a back link, right? get them I recommend that you develop your own content really you should have your writers do it I don't really recommend too many people scrape content unless they're pretty good at it and know things that they need to do Otherwise, you're going to get slapped panda Update wasn't very nice. There's a lot of people who got hurt by it Okay, and those are people. I mean those are catalogs that were maybe scraping Um product information from somebody maybe they've got 100 000 pages on their site So they were scraping from the manufacturers that they sell the items for but google hit them all too So now they're all having to go back and write more words on the page To make up for that so they can get indexed again It's really it was pretty hard for a lot of people But none of my sites were affected because i'm spinning the information I've got other data on the page like images and video and things like that. I'm going the extra mile You guys aren't doing it. You're in trouble. Okay in trouble Keyword rich content is key again about three percent and then smell a side keywords in there What are the things can you do? There are other ways to optimize. Do you guys notice that last sentence? What do you see? One of the words is bold One of them is italicized and one of them is underlined, right? You should have your main keyword bolded once at least italicized ones and at least underlined once Okay, that that tells google that those words are important because as a person that would be writing it If you underline a word that means you want people to pay extra attention to that word, right? Makes sense So google wants you to be doing that and being being actually Does that more in fact you can just totally Just annihilate being if you're doing stuff like this. Okay In fact, I rank and wanting yahoo and being routinely a lot faster than google just I just destroy them It's it's pretty funny that they're a little bit behind google still so it's easier to mess with them Okay, but make sure you're doing that. You also need to have the keyword in the first sentence and the last sentence Has to be there If it's not in the first and last sentence then it couldn't have been that important. Was it? Make sure you're doing that What are other on page factors involved? Do you guys know any other on page factors involved without looking at that huge projector screen? Right follow and no follow backlinks. Do you guys know what follow backlinks are? It's basically where you're you're allowing some of your page rank for that page to be passed on to somebody else you're saying That person's cool. He knows all about soccer and he knows so much about soccer I'm vouching for him and telling you that he knows about soccer I'm telling you I'm giving some of my credit and handing it over to him. That's a follow back link No follow backlinks or when they say that guy's cool that guy knows about soccer But I'm not really vouching for him because I don't really know him but everybody else says he does so I don't really know either way, but I'm just gonna say yeah, okay It's sort of that thing now. There's different ways to do follow and no follow backlinks I'm not going to show you guys how to do that because I don't have that much time, right? But if you go to google and type in follow Link follow back link they'll tell you all about how to make sure it's follow or no follow Now on your site make sure you're not you don't have a lot of follow backlinks pointing out You need to try and keep as much page rank for your site or for your page in there You need to link to other information and authority sites on occasion, okay? Um now I just got done saying you don't want to be doing too many follow links, but you should be doing authority sites like d maas Right I linked to other stuff depending on the topic. I try to link to the highest authority sites here and there I usually make a resources tab on any sort of page that I have and it links to about 10 or 20 different sites That just point out different places like you know, I don't want to say google.com But just authorities for that particular niche, okay? And the reason why I do that is because it looks a little odd to google if you're not giving other people credit every once in a while too You can't be a hoarder you need to be Sharing the love a little bit. They want you to be sharing the love, okay? Link to information and authority sites on occasion like I said pinging you guys know what pinging is Okay, uh, some of you guys do some of you guys don't essentially what you're doing is you're just saying I'm here by the way, right? There's a bunch of sites that are out there looking for information And what you're doing is you're sending them a single signal saying this page is here come over here real quick and index it Okay With wordpress there's an automatic option If you go to settings and then writing There's a little box at the bottom and there's one Little ping site in there and that's it one site if you guys email me my email is at the end of this presentation I'll send you a list of about 200 You just add it to there and boom every time you put any content on your site 200 sites are pinged automatically You get indexed a lot faster You get somewhere a lot quicker off page SEO like back linking link exchanges We talked about link exchanges a few minutes ago. Maybe you say hey you linked me a link to you You build manual links you may have somebody like I have in the Philippines It just goes out there and finds authority sites for that particular niche and she just Creates a profile on there or comments on a blog With my link stuff like that Software you can use software to back link. I love software, right? Insta social anarchy social acid um What else bookmarking demon if you guys ask me I'll I'll send you guys a list of those I've got I've got a whole page set up on on one of my sites That has a link to every single one of them tells you why I use it what it's about And how to get it. Okay. I use all of this stuff because It's exponential if you create a page and then you create an article And put it on that page and you take that article and spin it and then you shoot it out to 500 different article directories Right, that's 500 backlinks Now if you go and bookmark those backlinks say you just bookmark them 20 times you guys know what bookmarking is Right, most of you guys do you guys are not on your head. So 20 20 bookmarks per article So what's 500 times 20? Yeah, 10 000 Okay, and then what do you do with those You can take those and put it into something like instant social anarchy and things like that and blast it out to a thousand sides And there you've got 10 000 times a thousand see the exponential value of that Don't be afraid of getting too many backlinks anymore. Google won't penalize you for that They don't they know that somebody like me Just to do this will go and say that's my competitor. I hate that guy Boom hit a button and there's a million backlinks to him really fast and oh somebody just got de-indexed. Sorry about that I'm sorry, you know, it's doggy dog worlds. Okay. I mean what can you do? So google figured that some people were doing that and said probably shouldn't put that as something that we We hurt people for anymore. Um people ask me about my stats magic all the time. They're like, well Are you sure i'm not gonna get in trouble for it? And I say well Who cares as soon as I find out people are getting trouble for using it I'm just gonna point it on my competitors and make sure they get in trouble too. Then we can all be in trouble together We'll be in detention together, right? I mean I Don't care Dot gov and dot edu sites very very important. I use them frequently in fact I use them for a lot of my seo methods dot gov and dot edu sites are harder to get so google puts a lot more value on them There's tons of them around my software stats magic does Go out there and find dot gov and dot edu sites for you just type in a keyword hit And we'll go and find forums and blogs That pretty much you can comment on and get a link from automatically. I could do say that was fantastic Link over to you. Okay. I've got over two million sites in a file All of them are auto approve dot gov and dot edu. So nobody even has to go in there and click approve on the comment You just put the comment in there and put your link in there. You just got the link back with your keyword It's pretty sweet stuff guys, right Okay, so I use a lot of software like I said I've got a computer at home and I've got like another computer at home And I've got like three laptops at home and they're all on and they're all going 24 hours a day seven days a week I log into them with my phone to make sure things are going on correctly I'm sitting on my phone. You guys see me on my phone like 24 hours a day I'm either checking how much money I made Or I'm making sure that it's doing things that you know didn't shut down or it finished its project or things like that Forum posting, you know, that's the old school method people, you know, you post in the forum You've got it in your signature. It's not a new method, but it's effective still YouTube and other video sites. I use YouTube quite frequently. I use a software called tube toolbox Okay, it's very inexpensive. I started. I started to test two weeks ago on a site. I had I've got 4 000 friends on YouTube already in two weeks And I didn't do anything Okay, I typed in what keyword hit go I went to russell brunson's page and say get all of his subscribers It gathered them all and said okay now go to all of them and friend request them Boom goes out Frank Kern friend request Perry belcher friend request ryan dice friend request. I grab all other friends at friend requests all of them Tons of friends, right Tons of friends, what do I do then? Well, then I then I just go to the little selection on the side and I say click Send them a video And then it sends them a video. I've got on my site Right to their email box and it says so and so sent you a video and there's a video in their email box right there That they can watch embedded in there and there's my video and it has a link back to my site right Now that's social that social stuff like rachel was talking about but it's also sdo stuff because I'm getting back links every time I'm doing some of this stuff too, right and I'm driving traffic the whole time. I'm doing it Super fun stuff Press releases, which is very very important. You guys know what press releases are A lot of sites you can do press releases with if you use software like sc nuke you can do press releases automatically I'm trying to remember what the site I use I think it's submit in me dot com and That will do press they'll do press releases for like 10 bucks for you 200 sites so if you don't want to buy some software you just send them a press release They'll do it or they'll write it for you and then send it. It's a couple extra bucks, but you don't have to do anything then Okay high pr sites go out there and find the high page rank sites in your categories And see if you can get some sort of link from them somehow. There's some high pc. There's some right there, okay? All of those are page rank seven Or about One page rank seven link is worth a million page rank one links, okay? So I'm giving you guys About five million links worth of value right there just by showing you that Okay, right there Pretty good stuff, right? Write those down Make sure you hurry because I don't have that much time and I'm gonna start flipping here in a minute. You guys got these? good.is Let's go.com I'm gonna go ahead and show you guys good.is Let's go.com buzz.yahoo.com love yahoo Spark people it's a good site and mtv. They don't have music videos anymore, but they have a high pr site, right? no music videos Pad files in software distribution if you guys don't know what pad files are They're just basically a file that you send out to a software directory that tells them that there's a downloadable or something like that, right? Maybe you just create a little piece of software and distribute it doesn't have to be anything Awesome, you can actually take a pdf file and turn it into a pad file and then just submit it These software directories that have all this stuff are huge high pr sites for the most part And most people don't even know about what they are. So if you go out there and you use those You're doing something that other people are not doing Article distribution you talked about that a little bit. I use A software called article bot So that's what it's called article bot. Yeah, that's it Very simple. It's a mix of like 500 something sites Um, I have outsourcers sometimes go through and add more sites to it and things like that rss feeds You guys have rss feeds rss submitter I highly recommend sc nukex because it does pretty much all of this stuff doesn't do podcast and mp3 But it does all the other stuff. I've pretty much been talking about tonight okay Video is is massive right in fact 60 percent increase in people watching video It's just going up. So you guys need to get on board with the video. I made over $8,000 In one month just video marketing Because some students told me I couldn't make money with a niche. I tried to tell them that they can make money in I said do make some money in this niche. I'm giving you a freebie. I can't make money in that niche Yeah, you can I'll show you I went in there. I video marketed I used all free tools made $8,000 in front of their face in 30 days and said now what anybody else got it got something to say No, everybody didn't have anybody else to say they probably listened to me when I told them that this niche is on fire I tried to give that niche away for six months. I'll even tell you what it is the electronic cigarettes. Thank you ecm Thank you ecm right It was fine. I loved it and it was cool video marketing, but I also got a lot of backlinks to my site. I'll boom all of a sudden I'm number one in google For that product Right because of all these videos. I just sitting there pumping them out every single day And also i'm at the top you can embed medicos and all the content like I was mentioning before okay I really want you guys to contact me after this because I don't have problem with helping some people out if you guys are motivated enough to learn seo mass indication like pixel pipe tube mogul traffic geyser I'm kind of re-entering a few things that Rachel said before because seo and social are so melded nowadays Wp syndicator it's a plug-in. It's it's a paid one But it will go out there and as soon as you post on your site It will post to 30 other sites like wordpress.com blogger.com And all these other places with that information and link back to your site Automatically you don't even have to do anything. You just post your material like normal auto social poster will go and bookmark It will bookmark those sites for you automatically as soon as you post you'll go ping bookmark. That's it Plague sites That site's like dig.com if you guys didn't know dig.com is built on a platform called plague There's thousands hundreds of thousands of plague sites out there You can exploit all of those there's software that you can use to exploit them Okay, I use it all the time one of them is called autoplay gets the best Autoplay some friends of mine coded that some good stuff. They're definitely black hatters They live in europe so they're not subject to a us lot so they don't really care what they do, right? But they make some cool stuff and of course article sites We talked again, you know before about high pr sites being social proof You need to be using them because again, that's a site that google is already saying is an authority That person knows what they're talking about and they're pointing at this guy saying they know what they're talking about They take that under consideration Okay, only wire.com is another bookmarking site I think they bumped it up to like ten dollars a month now, but you know it was like two ninety nine before social poster.com That's a free one. I believe unless they start to charge people one. I haven't know Or are you gonna outsource and do some of this stuff for you don't have to use software You can just outsource do it the good old-fashioned way The search volume indicates social interest right google suggestion when I come out with that tool You guys don't know about it. It'll be pretty cool because it'll say michael x is the coolest if you guys ever type that in It'll come right up and people will find me Twitter trending topics, okay That's that social signals if it's a twitter trending topic google takes that and says okay people are talking about it This is important. Okay, whether or not twitter's rubbish or not It doesn't really matter the fact is they know that twitter is just as much of a threat to them as facebook twitter's growing faster than facebook is Dig and other sites Okay, very very important again That's all the social value a lot of people go to dig and they they plus one you in there all the time See those plus one buttons that google started adding recently Plus one if you click plus one that means that you're giving them a thumbs up. It's a vote. It's kind of like the google like Okay, the more you plus one stuff People that are linked to you Through google google google knows who your friends are on facebook because they've indexed that stuff google knows all this stuff and if you actually didn't know this there's things called google circles Where they're they're basically saying You right here are friends with these sort of people if you are sitting here plus wanting something They're going to see those search results more often because you're they're friends with you So it must be relevant to them as much too, right? It's all social and sco getting melded together. They know that people are the best police They've got a billion Trillion people out there to go out there and police the internet for them. Why would they not allow them to do that, right? Very very important. You guys saw that edge rink before I was so mad when she showed that Oh Right, but it's very true. It's affinity score So they're saying how often you go and you view that user Okay, if you go to that user's page all the time, you're going to show up on their page more often in vice versa Okay, wait for edge type if you comment that is the highest Okay, I just agree with their anxiety. No because we've been testing this out That's the highest Okay, if you like something not quite as much And of course over time it kind of decays things like that now. I use a program called facebook devil. It's free It will create Devil. Oh, yes, because it's evil Right, but it will create Thousands of facebook profiles for you Okay, tons of them. Why would you want to do that? Increase your social circle a little bit, right? I suggest you use a Attractive woman because they make friends very quickly. Okay very very quickly. I have a lot of alter egos online Mm-hmm. Yeah, I've dated a few girls that have wondered why I've got all these girl facebook pages and It's hard to explain it to them. I'm just like maybe you just got to understand who I am You know yes Facebook devil It will create all these profiles for you and then you can use other programs like face wizard To go out there and friend people for you comment on people's things for you make friends for you Yes I haven't run into too much of that it depends because it it it basically goes and it cycles proxy ip's You just add ip's to it looks really natural to it. So it doesn't really nail you You try and sign up to many facebook accounts from the same ip address you can get in trouble. Yeah So As a auto Face wizard Face wizard So why does it matter again social authority means higher ranking? They know that if people are talking about you you mean something you're important, right? So they're going to rank you higher. I'm telling you right now I I've actually put up some sites recently that did zero sq. I actually went on my way to make sure it was not sq optimized But then I sent a bunch of people there via email and told them to comment I bribed them of course to do it and guess who's ranking number one for that search term because there's About 50 something pages worth the comments on there and that's all new content getting added Frequently and it's usually discussing that topic. So they're just helping me build all of that content on the page with me doing nothing at all It's a video There's no other content on the page. They added it all for me. Yes Amazon You could do that amazon mechanical turk things like that A lot of them are yeah, so you need to find maybe a Place here that you can do it instead and there's them options. I can't remember what the us one is There's a us version of it. You can also use fiverr. You guys use fiverr.com You can have people do that sort of stuff on there all the time for you Okay, you can also go to some of these shady black hat sites And find out who the top vendors are on there and they'll do a lot of stuff for you for pretty cheap Actually, so you don't even have to even learn any of this stuff. You don't want to just go in there and say I want a 10,000 blog comments and they'll say okay 20 bucks Bing they get it done You got 10,000 back links. Thank you, right make sure you use this keyword. I appreciate it Okay, that's very very important. Okay, but you need to make sure that you exploit this by using comments There's a there's a plugin called super comments And what it does it takes every single comment on your wordpress blog and and and creates a page for it So it's a whole separate page of content. Yeah So adds more content to your site just by people commenting again social ads content increases sco, okay That's how I feel every time i'm number one on google right there See that that's a 30 foot drop by the way too. That was awesome launch. I gotta say It's fun. Who is fun and Again, if I could do that all day long I would be um, this is the future geographic based results. Okay The future is geographic based results like I was talking about before okay Obviously if you're searching in Orlando Things around the orlando area are going to be more relevant to you rather than crap in montana, right? You're never you're not going to go to montana to go and find something probably So that's what they're doing relevance to the searcher. It's a lot higher relevancy So google takes data from all these other sources like yellow pages dot com yelp yahoo Facebook and all this other stuff. Okay, they're stealing all this data from everybody facebook's pissed off at google right now If you guys didn't know they're suing them because they were taking information from facebook and adding it to your Social profile with google and they were like they didn't ask us for permission and they were pretty pissed off about it Okay, mobile optimized seo. It's very important nowadays. You guys keep hearing all about it all the time I'm actually i've developed this course. There's again these people in the room that bought my course Something that i've been working on for two years in secret. I haven't russle tried to bribe me said nope Ain't happening. I I didn't want to show anybody. I was holding it close to myself I was never going to sell it and I decided I might as well because This internet universe is so large. Nobody's going to trip over me and besides I know more about it than they do anyways I'm going to be so i'm not really worried about it So I just do it Micro seo is the future though. Okay, you need to make sure that you're out there Geographically making yourself relevant now. There's ways to do that my friend. Ivan right here. It's my buddy. Ivan He's one of my former students paid five thousand dollars to be my student. He got eight hours with me five grand Okay, but I taught him how to do this specific method that I developed and he He actually called me up one night and he said michael i've got 60 days and I'm going to lose my house and my wife's going to be really upset and I just don't know what to do man What would you do if you were me right now and I I agonized over showing him this? He's the first person I ever showed how to do this And I said let me call you back. I need a thing for a minute And he he told me later he was sitting by his phone for hours waiting for me because he was desperate And I called him and I said okay. I'm going to show you something but I seriously You can't show anybody this I actually made other people sign in da's for it I didn't Ivan because I trusted him and he hasn't shown anybody this thing and Guess who's got his own SEO business completely crushing it right now He's getting percentage-based profits off of companies things like this. He's doing this for other businesses Everybody in here probably has a business. He's doing it for all of these businesses out there So it's it's a tactic that he learned that he can use over and over again Again, he's he's heading this SEO company. He's killing it guys. He's killing it. He's my business partner now Former student now. He's my partner because he took it to heart so well and he went out there and just romped it So I was man We need to we need to just go out and show us some people what you did with it what other people can achieve with it and I mean, it's a no-brainer and again, there's there's five people in this room that Spent $2,000 to learn this sort of thing okay Now if you guys, uh, well, let me let me say something much easier than traditional SEO Typically take seven to 30 days to become on the first page of google sometimes number one in google Okay, I know it sounds too good to be true. Doesn't it? I'll show you some listings real quick. I only got a few more minutes. So I'm going to try and hurry Laser targeted traffic. Obviously they're relevant for that specific location. So it's laser targeted. I'm not selling you guys anything Okay, you guys can't actually even have this. I'll tell you how you can get it for free And you can have it all you want and I'll I'll teach you. I really don't mind okay Massive phone leads. It's ridiculous. Okay I drive those leads to a call center. They drive them back to a site I make a feel like commissions off it all the time. Okay Also would work for any business or anything like that too I mean if if you need phone leads and to push people to a site to sell them something it's pretty easy to do Okay, you guys hear me yesterday when I said I had a $745 DPL on my back end from my call center for this specific offer Okay, I'm making about Oh, well, let's put that who I mean russles said $250 was a bad-ass DPL, right? I mean when I told him $745 he did like three take Are you serious? Yes, I'm serious. I got the numbers to back it up In fact, my leads guys are saying dude. These are like Jedi these are like the best leads I've ever seen in my life Send us more please. So, you know, that's what I'm working on right now Um enormous demand for these skills. It's huge. I mean you open the yellow pages You've got 10 billion different customers in there that you can show this to it works for 99 of all keywords niches markets How do I know because I ranked it for the word fish war Venture capital I'll show you in a minute here. Actually, I won't show you the fish one, but It doesn't take that much time In fact, you can do most of it between four to eight hours and and actually you can have your outsourcer do all of it We developed outsourcer sheets for it outsourcer training videos for it They just follow the checklist that self populates all these spreadsheets all sorts of cool stuff I will give it to you guys for free, but I'll tell you how to do it In a minute it is step by step Ivan has a learning disorder. It was very hard for me to teach him Sometimes I wanted to choke him but I understand and he didn't tell me he had a learning disorder until later on because it you know You don't want to tell a lot of people now He just people because he's proud of the fact that he had that and he still is out there just killing it Okay, it's not hard to outsource this we've trained a few outsources how to do it now Um, didn't have any problems. We've got the videos and everything for it works for pretty much every niche If I find a niche I know a couple specific niches. It won't work won't work with the SEO niche Google shut that one off. They're like, no way you guys that we hate you anyways Okay, google doesn't want people to be SEO wizards Can you guys really compete with other people with it? Absolutely because google is doing this geographic SEO stuff, right? Can newbies do this? Yep. I taught two people who could barely turn on a computer how to do it It was A test of patience for me, but I did teach them how to do it They didn't get quite as good as results as the Ivan because it took them longer to do it However, they all did end up on the first page of google Okay, I don't know if you guys can see that right now, but that is which one pet wheelchairs, okay There's a good market for that man people need them and and uh, this guy actually was selling other pet items and found out That pet wheelchairs was searched for so much he optimized for it We did this for him this actually we do it for your client and here he is right here Right under number one in google for pet wheelchairs there's one right here for Fat was it fast weight loss new york? Okay, now if you're in new york if you just typed in fast weight loss, it would come up But I wasn't in new york when I searched for it. So it didn't right Okay, $50 per conversion and if you use a landing page like good old greg over here, it's a hundred dollars or so Right see recommends two products not just one free trial products. They pay five dollars for the product For shipping 50 bucks, right pretty awesome Here's one right here venture capital boston boston's venture capital of us right And my listing right there boston venture capital funding Gets a lot of phone calls now for me. I get like I think it's like 20 of any venture capital deal that comes from me So if I land a big fish once a year. I'm a happy guy, right? They don't even want to start doing any of this or funding unless it's 500 000 or more Okay, now they'll they'll do 250 now because I talked them down to it Okay, but I mean all I need is one big fish and that's it What is that? Am I dominating that page or what? Right, you can't miss me That's for sure And we teach people how to do this specific one box right here if you can tighten up your listing that good I bumped every other person that ranked for that in that entire city out of it with that I have not touched that site in two years. I put it up never did another thing This one right here boston dating singles $50 conversion every time okay, that's all I need Atlanta payday loans hundred dollars conversion Okay, I've got payday loan sites all over the place all I need is one a day and I make a 36 000 a year Not doing anything Payday loans london Same thing works in other countries. In fact, I taught people on other continents how to do this just to make sure that it worked in other places okay Absolutely works. Do you guys know that? Well, what do we got here payday loans? Which one is it? Oh, do you guys see right here where it says best payday loans london? So do you see that and the one underneath it that one that one in that one? That's three listings on the same page Okay, it's a lot of real estate now. I'm a little bit over but I'm gonna I'm almost done. I'm about to wrap up here So I know you guys are a little bit hungry and I'm trying to hurry up here Check this out london bingo. Did you guys know that bingo in the uk's like? crack seriously I was appalled when I saw the search results that I was like bingo Apparently there's a lot of people that love bingo there. It is one of the biggest things on the planet It's 50 to 100 dollars per person who signs up for membership They don't even have to do anything other than create their membership I believe they have to use a credit card for it, but they get 100 credit to their account instantly I get 50 to 100 dollars converted awesome Here's phone leads. Okay for all those of you who are talking about phone stuff. This is payday loan phone leads 100 dollars per You see the date on those? Okay, this isn't this isn't something a long time ago There's a bunch right there bunch right there See this There's no one right there It's a lot of people calling That's just a few of them, right? You don't need a list to do this. You don't need a website to do this You don't need to know the right people to do this. You're talking to him right here, right? You don't need to be a successful marketer to do this. I've tried teaching everybody and I've got 100 percent rate right now of Getting it done right success is good And I wish you guys best of luck and success. Okay, so take care