All right, how are you guys feeling? You know one person feeling good, how's everybody else feeling? All right, who has their origin story mastered and feels like they could get all of us just to give them money based on sharing the origin story Everyone from my super confident like well, I don't know Yeah, the mastery okay, so we're gonna do we have some fun with this I'm gonna have somebody come up here and tell their entire origin story as them and then we're gonna critique it and then Afterwards, I'm gonna see if I can tell their story better than them. Who wants to do that? I kind of want to do Morgan. Is that okay? All right, let's give her a round of applause come on down This will be your microphone is talking to you okay, she's gonna tell the story are you nervous you never get nervous My gosh Okay, I wrote a lot of notes And yes, you're here when we get up here for you, okay It was pounding so fast. Oh gosh. She raised her hand though. She called us. I'm excited because I need to work on this So this is good Okay, so I came from a very dysfunctional family a lot of abuse emotional physical There was incest open marriage. I mean hard a lot of pain in my family and I just I mean everyone thought it was just very very difficult And it was my only view of relationships. It was my only view of you know health and it wasn't healthy, right? So I thought okay the only way I'm gonna get out of here the only way I'm getting out of here is I'm gonna go to college I have got to get out of here. I got to do something and I remember Probably the one point that really stuck out to me I was sitting at home and it was the summertime and my mom worked at Walmart My dad was a janitor and you know, it was just put your head down just work just work just work You know don't ask for anything. Don't you know don't don't be seen don't be heard Don't speak up. Don't say anything just work work work work work work. So that's what I did in the fourth grade I Started selling things door-to-door Chocolate suppers peeler cards anything you can imagine I sold it I sold it door-to-door and I thought okay if I'm Something if I'm gonna be something I have to go to school and how am I gonna do that? We have to work you have to have money to do it. So I did I sold that So I could be cheerleading so I could be banned you know Miss America did all those things and and and so that's what I did and I Remember going back. I was sitting at home. It was the summertime my parents were working really really hard I thought man. I'm contributing you know, but I'm sitting here and I was watching my siblings because I practically helped raise them and I looked out the window and I saw my neighbors Taking their kids to go swimming. I had their you know Towels and they were like excited to go to the swimming pool and I thought man. I Really want that I want to go swimming with my parents, but I we never went on vacation. There was nothing like that So I am I just thought man. I gotta get out of here, you know I was watching MTV and I was talking to boy on the phone I thought yeah, I got to do something better than this. I've got to have a better relationship, you know, and so That's what I did. I thought I accepted to college, you know in high school. I worked three jobs, you know I remember one year and Christmas was on me You know, so I I got Christmas for my family and you know, I was buying food for everybody So it wasn't like you know, I felt like I was contributing because I was working right? That's all he did it worked worked so I finally got to college and I worked three jobs in college and I just kept my head down, but what I really really wanted was I wanted a Relationship, you know with anyone. I just I wanted someone to understand me I wanted someone to to be close to me, but my family was so dysfunctional So nobody knew how to let anybody close nobody knew how to You know be vulnerable or open up or share themselves with anyone They just fought all the time and so I thought oh my gosh, I don't know how to do this How do I even how do we even let anyone close? How do I make friends and really let them in to me, right? And so what I did was I had to become I do it myself project basically I had to look around It's you okay. What do normal people do? You know, how do they connect? How do they relate? How do they let people in? How do they share themselves? And so I I went to school I studied marriage and family therapy. I I did that I kept looking and then my ultimate test came Brad came right and he just stormed into my life and it was a blind date is how we met and I I just was like oh, this is great It was really great, and I really really liked him, but everyone I loved had hurt me So I was like, um, you know I I like you, but oh, I don't know if I can handle this right I just don't know so I was really afraid and so what did I do? I broke up with him three times and And I hurt him a lot Through that, but he was a trooper man He really was dead set on me and so he just kept coming back and coming back and And he convinced me and one thing I remember He convinced me after all of the pain I put them through He said, you know, you know, I am I love you and Nothing can change that and he said Let me take care of you. He said let me let me love you. Let me let me take care of you and that really touched me and so I Told my mom and she was like, oh, yeah Nobody really believes that and nobody really does that nobody really will ever care about you and so I Was like, yeah, so I guess that's not what I want I don't want that because I saw their relationship and it wasn't working so You know, I thought I'll take a chance. I'll take a chance on on Brad, you know and and I did and You know we're married and so You know we now we have a wonderful son But our what we do is we help people with their marriage. We help them have that vulnerable Deep intimate connection with the one person in their life that they that they Love that they really want and there's so many blocks to that. It's so difficult And so that's what we do we remove those blocks so that they can have that vulnerable deep intimate connection. So I think that's Mostly That's a big that's about it. Let's give her a round of applause Okay, why I want you guys a critiquer give her good bad negative positive who's got some feedback for Well, what do you mean? I Was it just the origin story or do I go back? Where do I go? What am I selling? Well, that's a good question. Um Therapy is what we've been selling so but we have like master classes and things that we do online and retreats and stuff like that so Do you guys still specialize in in like Recover after like like post-affair and things like that for Dylan. Yes, we do. Yeah, that's a big That's a we're very well known for a fair recovery. Yeah, we have a podcast Yes Yes Awesome You have me right and what's what's going on? Do you how she's gonna overcome this? Pardon for saying the crappy upbringing And and so I'm super super engaged in that story and then the rest of the kind of balls Okay, where did it fall off to you? So, you know, you started first time to start to come up right and so I had to assume that Brad was a man in your You know in your life and then it came to me that he became your husband But you know after Brad is really where it started to fall off for me It almost seemed like you kind of got lucky and you found somebody rather than something that can't like It seemed like kind of my chance this happened and now we're gonna teach people but he didn't really say about how You've caught like what the cat was was other than you got lucky about Did you have any problems with threat like did your past affect your relationship? Yes That's why I broke up with him three times. Well, I got married whether Yeah Yeah, and it had a lot to do with the vulnerability piece Just because like when you're not vulnerable, I wasn't attached or I didn't really know why I would get angry or critical or just but it was um, you know, like if you're feeling sad or afraid or hurt like You maybe don't know it like I didn't know I wasn't in touch with it So I had to then kind of remove okay. Why am I feeling critical or angry? Oh? Because I'm really feeling hurt or I'm sad because of this and so I had to be able to learn how to communicate that So you make you make Brad the hero the first time you said that you make you the hero that time You figure it out first time but in the first one Brad was persistent But now you were figuring out why you kept breaking up with it Okay, so I need to include that Okay Yes, sir, two things. I think your epiphany bridge is in the Brad store, right? Like you didn't really lay it out That's where your epiphany happened and your wife was having this long suffering person who loved you and so Something needs to you know, there needs to be that clear In that part of the story the other thing is in the beginning. I think you should be very detailed and pick very specific abuse story Right because that really draws people in emotionally and you kind of lost over it And I think you need to tell them, you know pick one that was just really powerful and probably very painful It means you're vulnerable, but I think so deeply with your audience I wish I could write this down. Is there like I've got a lot any way I can write this down. Yes so you lost over a couple of kind of big things that you like but she know why I think You were really trying to sounds like fine fulfillment through achievement Because you weren't getting connection with your family so I can relate to that. I would build that up then I would make Brad That fulfillment, you know, you got to film it So you kept searching for you know to to reach achievements and all these places your recognition I'm assuming and maybe type we're added to like you didn't need to keep searching anymore to Achievement now you found what your passion is which is creating for told for others because this is what happened to you Yeah, and and probably finding inside like the vulnerability piece Oh, if I can explain if I can share what's deeper than we can really bond and yeah, I get what you mean Yeah, that's an excellent. Yes, sir. I wouldn't serve you this actually happened or not did your mom actually say to you Nobody's ever gonna love you That was a big bomb for me. I start your story. Yeah Emphasize that part of the story instead of just calling have you ever had somebody tell you you're not good enough Okay, I don't want my mom to be the villain she's still alive And one thing I didn't one thing I didn't say though, it's like this is a generational thing I mean my mom was I got so much to say like my great-grandmother was married off kicked out My grandmother was married off kicked out My mom was married off to a drug dealer who was drilling drugs to my grandmother who was getting on revenge all scrap Kicked out married off and my sisters kicked out. I had to get out like Johnny So it's not it's not that she's the villain it's like this whole dysfunction everybody is perpetuating the cycle, you know Friends that he wouldn't be where he is now Yeah, yeah, so more positives than like she's not an evil villain That's right. Yeah, I would suggest that you invest some time What's that one story about your family? I had a hard time you didn't we're able to pull me in because The beginning was just so But I know there's something in there They all you have to say is one tiny story that's gonna pull somebody in really fast Got hooked then you have their attention Be more concise getting getting up there and waiting in it Okay, maybe more concise like that just Yeah I just want to give you one false belief that I had you mentioned your son and then went on from that and my thinking is Okay, so maybe you're saying at some point well, I would think that you probably I mean most of us that are married You probably have children. So I would say that I'm assuming that a large portion of your customer have a total of half children Yes, they do. Yeah, so then If just one of the false beliefs I have she's not focusing on children and how that affects my wife's marriage So that's not for me. We struggled to have our son too. So that was that's a big I had actually had a tumor they had to remove it before I could get pregnant. So it was like that's a whole story I could tell you By the product because we all struggle In my mind the she that gets is this the right place for that though, like if it's one story should I I don't know Okay, okay have to figure out when to work that in okay, can I try it then I try to be you yeah, please All right, let's get Morgan around to applause. What's fun Thank you All right, it's always scary to be vulnerable especially a bunch of group you don't really know so I appreciate you doing that all right, so I'm probably gonna mess up the facts of the story, but I'm trying to tell it as well and a couple things what you to notice is A lot of you guys were right I think I felt connection instantly and then it kind of faded off at the end part of it's obviously nerves and understanding But also like where are we going like what are we like what? What are we trying to get people to believe here right? We're trying to get them to believe in her story It's like if we can get them to believe that like there's hope that Especially I know like the the majority of them I know the majority but a big part of their worker They help people who have who had affairs and they want to save their marriage Which is like like the most devastating thing I can dream of on earth and they're giving hope to those people like bringing it back So it's like if if I'm showing my Facebook feed and I'm trying to figure out like man Do I leave my spouse right stay with them like like I'm not happy like their dominoes like it can Is their belief like is this possible if they this can be fixed and repaired? So that's kind of my my thoughts so I'm gonna take on Morgan for a minute and see how it goes Okay, so everybody welcome to web class today. I'm so excited to have you guys here My name is Morgan and I'm talking about some really cool things The biggest one is just like how to bring like love and passion and excitement back in your marriage I know all you guys different levels here. Some of you guys are married some of you guys are miserable Some of you guys are all sorts of things in between but I want to tell you come on my story because If you understand like where I came from it's gonna make it a lot easier For you to believe that the what I'm gonna share with you as is actually possible so a lot of times this stuff is scary right and If you're here, you're probably in pain right now, and that's what what I'm here for So I want to kind of take to my back story like I when I grew up I grew up in a really like a really scary environment and in fact, I remember when I brought home my The person who's now with my husband and the father of my child like the first time I brought him home I remember my mom told me like I didn't actually deserve love Which was like Devastating for me. Can you imagine that having your mom tell you like you didn't deserve love? But wasn't like it's not her fault like you look at my history like all the way back like ten generations back that this things happen over and over again one of the You know people come in and it's just this horrible things my mom's kind of a product of this thing as well I was kind of in the thing as well, and it was hard like our growing up my family was not like a normal family We didn't sit around like watch cartoons together and have fun as a family like when I was in this thing Like we had all sorts of problems from incest to to fighting to bickering to like all these things They're just like kids shouldn't be around and that's what my life was I remember watching as I as I was growing up like my my sisters and people my family actually getting sold off to like to other people To go in and like I guess not normal. I've seen this in this environment like I don't know what to do like I want love I want connection. I see it on TV. I see it other places I see my friends and their their parents having that but I didn't have it at all and I didn't know like what to do I didn't want to be in that situation And it was scary and so for me like I knew I had to get out of there I couldn't get out there the normal way because the way that everybody else around me got out like it was It's a really painful thing So for me I was like I got to figure out a way to do this I started getting jobs and working I was working three or four jobs making up money so I could leave like leave my home and It was so bad where I lived that like I literally had to pay for Christmas You guys imagine that like I was a 14 year old or 16 year old girl I was making money enough to pay for Christmas because my parents were so disconnected and that was that was where I grew up And all I really wanted like the thing that I want is I wanted a perfect marriage How many guys want that perfect marriage, right? Like you see the love on TV like I wanted that I wanted that connection with somebody I didn't have my family and my mom with my dad like no I never had that before but I seen it And that's what I wanted And so I had to like literally go on a path to try to figure that out So when I was able to I find the left home with money had saved up and went to school and for me I started pursuing like marriage and family therapy because like I Needed help our family needed help and that was something I was excited about so I started going to school I was learning these different things and I was seeing all the stuff that was working and then that's when the Like something crazy happened as I met my husband the person became my husband and I remember he came to me He was also in in marriage and family therapy And so we had this connection but like as we started trying to get closer All the fears in my past started coming up and I started self sabotaging this relationship In fact not once not twice but three times I broke his heart because I knew that If it was gonna end up at all like my family was it would be like the deepest darkest hell of my life And I did not want that so I had to figure out how do I how do I break this? How do I become a chain breaker because it wasn't just me wasn't just my mom This is generation after generation after generation since this happened for and I take a stand for you How can I be a chain breaker and break this for myself for my family for my future kids and for other people and It wasn't easy like we start going through this process over and over and over again But what's cool about it as as as I went through these personal issues myself I learned what was keeping people back and I had a chance to go to traditional School I got a traditional Counseling degree so my husband but there's things like they don't teach you in school There's things that I learned growing up in this situation that gave me the tools to help people and what's cool A lot of you guys probably don't know this who are on this, but we actually specialize Helping people who? Who have been married who have had an affair to get to heal that relationship now? That is the deepest darkest scariest thing somebody understand you're on the list in the web and like well I'm not having an affair so that's easy, but I tell you what right now if you're miserable in your relationship Either you your spouse is having an affair in some way or the other okay? If you're disconnected that is the definition of an affair and it may not be there right now But it's starting process so some of you guys listening you had an affair and like you're wondering is there even any any hope? The answer is yes, I can show you actually 200 people We've worked with you've had an affair who came back together and we're healed and saved because of our program Okay, and if you're not that spot yet, but you're having struggles your relationship And you don't want it to an interfere like now was the time to fix that not later not six months later That's what we're talking about on the on on this webinar because it not only did I say my fix my marriage But I have an amazing marriage in the world now my husband and I like we're connected the way that I've never thought was Even possible any human being on earth, and I've seen that happen over and over and over again. That's what I showed you yesterday Who's in Okay that help I know some of the facts and details probably were right What did you guys notice on that one though? I'm just curious like you guys picked my thing for your own stories Yeah, you put the audience in the story like you made us think that are we really yeah It's very important to make it tangible to them if there's like oh, yeah, that's nice for Russell They're not gonna listen, but it's like like can you imagine how you would feel if you that like yeah I'm trying to bring them in cuz I again comes back this whole epiphany thing we talked about like I need them to Experience the same epiphany that I did by some story like I grew up. It was tough. I grew out No, no, no, whatever they're like, okay, that's nice for her Okay, I they need to feel this if they're gonna have the same emotional spiritual whatever you want to call that experience that you had You've got it You've got to paint the environment in a way so when they're going through the story that like Like they have that same that same epiphany, and then they'll follow you wherever you need to go Great any other ones? Yeah Yeah, one thing that you'll see even that's this is like we sell one-on-one And I spent one-on-one selling is like make hey if you're not a fair with your wife No, all right, they shift your position right when you're one to many I got I got 500 people on the webinar like I have no idea what's happening in their life, so I can't just like Yeah, cuz every time people are trying to get all this isn't for me this like this is not speaking to me So it's like how do I make it so that they are I'm speaking to them So I'm trying to figure out how to make it inclusive for everyone who's there because yeah So it's like if you like my webinar at the very beginning I was talking about like how many guys like you're in the start of phase You're just getting started like half the audience like oh my coolest is perfect for you How many guys have a successful business? Oh cool for you So now it's like hey basically everybody's now perfect for them, right? Yeah, otherwise the whole time people are listening to you and they're trying to decide they should believe you And they're always thinking like is this for me this is this make you know They're trying to like rationalize that away So yeah that for me that'd be my biggest concern that market is because that's your that's your strongest lever point is Is your work with it with with affairs But that's also me something people like oh I haven't had fair yet, so I'm fine It's like no you haven't talked to your wife like three weeks. That's kind of like this thing is starting. So yeah Yeah, in the headbinding sample you gave you showed that you wanted to show that It's only attainable through your program and your story You were even showing that even though you have experience in therapy And even the general the Brad has experienced you kept failing over and over and over So it shows that that's not even good enough. So these guys are going through that and that's not working That kind of shows that hey didn't work for you either, but This and right and now that's maybe what these people are just are chasing and something that's only a table for you Perfect. So yes, I'm glad you brought that up. So what I'm trying to do that. I'm trying to place a seated out So they're already I'm already going to therapy. I'm good. I want to place a seated out of like that therapy is not gonna work for you Okay, I went through the only reason I'm able to do this is because I understand the foundation of therapy But I went through this thing and I had a figure of stuff out and this is different than like now something like huh I wonder if that that's not gonna work for me Good good anybody else This just be considered the back story video or is it kind of a Everything where you're It's the it's the origin story So it's my first attempt to knock down the domino and some people just heard that story and they're like alright Morgan Whenever you got him in because I know that I'm in that same pain and I believe that I trust you I've connected with you now. I think you can save me. I think you can help my fit my marriage I get some people like that's all you need to do and they're a sign up Okay, and then the rest of the webinars all about the other ones who like oh, but you know like it's not gonna work in my marriage It's my wife's a jerk. Oh, you know like this and like oh, you know like that's when that that's when this other pieces come in And again because if it's one-on-one selling at this one this ends like I'm like, okay, it's close to the deal because I'm in a group I don't know who's connected yet. So I keep telling the story It's knocked down the other the other things holding it up and then the masses as a whole it's like man We've got everyone everyone on board. Okay, so what I want to tell you guys This is the key and you guys are gonna have a fun opportunity to practice here live in a few seconds every one of you So I hope you did your homework in the last section. Otherwise, you're gonna look really stupid live on Facebook in a few minutes The biggest key to getting good at telling stories is telling a lot of stories Okay, so I've been doing podcasts every single day for the last six years in the podcast I tell like a story or two or three every single time until I'm over and over and over again So I tell the story they get the office I see them on my team and have them listen to podcasts I tell them the story and I say my wife and I tell her the story until my kids the story I told the story five or six or seven or eight times usually before it's like live on something real Okay, and as I'm telling the story I do it and I look at like how people responding right? I know I told Morgan's story like I felt the parts that you guys were connected I felt the parts you weren't I probably tell a little different next time a little different next time Like how many times do you think I've told my potato gun story? Huh? Oh, I hate that story billions of times, right? But I know what gets people connected what doesn't say I've done over and over and over and over again And some of you guys are so freaked out about telling your story You never told your story you don't want to mess it up And there's this whole chicken the aching because that no stories ever happened and when you finally do take that leap of faith That's gonna suck so we're gonna shove you guys off the ledge right now. Is that all right? Okay, I want you guys do the story live okay How many of you have a phone? Like three of you admit you have a phone you all have a phone don't lie to me Okay on your phone on my phone with me. There's a little app. It's called Facebook. It's blue There's an F and then a B you click on that and inside there's a little button that says live You click on that and all of a sudden in one second you were live in front of the entire world Okay, and some of you guys like well, there's nobody on my following. I'm like good That means you're not gonna feel as awkward to me. It's like I got tons of people my following It's like good. You got some stress and some pressure to make this good Okay The first time we did the fat event I won't do this every single time just because I would be telling the same story as like 30 times my fan page every But I actually did all these live in front of everybody you probably saw them in the secret masterclass those video clips are in there Well, I click live my thing I told my origin story then we come back next we each one I want you guys to tell your story once all the way through okay And the first time it's gonna be horrible and you're gonna stumble and you're gonna be awkward Some of you guys are not gonna do so if you're super like there's no way I'm gonna do it live ever I'm gonna give you one mini out Okay, there's also a button that says just create video and wait at least create the video But for you guys want to play all out the last 15% those ones you're just gonna like let's just gamble and it's just go live And just see what happens, okay, and I want you to take your outline what you created And I want you to tell your origin story of why it is that you're excited about this thing and click record You're just gonna tell the story no stress No, like just don't worry about too much just tell it because after you told yourself once then you go back and you can watch it And you critique yourself after Morgan did if she watched the video she could she like she could critique herself as well Right, it's the reason why like I don't hire a lot of consultants sometimes because everything I'm about to hire a consultant I'm like they're telling what they're they're gonna do and I'm like if I like thought for five seconds I could probably critique myself really really well And so now I like I make myself the consultant and I'm like I would fix this Russell and I'm like oh, there's my problems Okay, so I want you to do it Okay, the reason why I'm good at stories I tell like a thousand stories a day and I critique myself and I do it again I tell it again I tell it again I tell it again I get sick of the stories But I'm seeing what what hits and what responds where I lose people you can I don't know what is there's something you can feel when you're telling a story and like everyone's just kind of like you can feel it right if you haven't done it It means you haven't told enough stories, but you'll feel it and just like this is getting really long and boring I'm even kind of confused and now you know, okay, how do I tell the story in a faster way? How do I tell it faster and and eventually the point where she's like man, this is this is comfortable You feel really good. You know where you're starting. You know where you're going You know the goals are you get better and better and better at it. Okay, that's why I literally we have I've got this thing Printed out on my desk. Okay, and I've got pretty pretty memorized my head. I can do it I didn't have to look at my stomach organ stories. I know where I'm going. I know the path, but it's something to tell a story I'm like where'd I go from here? I look down. I'm like and that's when I found the new opportunity, right? And then I know where the path is so you have the script you have the thing if you're struggling like I have no idea how to do this Inside the book here on page 115 This is the easiest way that you totally don't screw it up all you do is like What is your backstory that gives us a vested interest in your journey case five minutes live Facebook live? I like everyone I want to tell you guys my story It's the first question here is what's the back story gives you vested interest in my journey So let me tell you my back story and then tell it that came the second thing here is I want to get about my desires What I wanted to accomplish case so I had two struggles versus my external struggle Let me talk about that my external struggles I really wanted to blah blah blah blah blah so you can cheat and use the book as a guide if you want You want one more secret that's gonna make you as a crap ton of money really quick Okay, this is something at the last fad event Kaylin was sitting right there and she came up Excuse me wasn't fad of it was it was intercircle after the fad event she's come to and she's like hey Russell guess what what she's like I figured out how to make double as much money. I'm like that's good. How did you do that? And she's like because if you guys know Kaylin, she's like five foot one She's all tatted up got her nose pierced and she's kind of like the tough cool like young hip chick, right? It's teaching people always wait. She's like I'm selling all these things and like all the teenage like people my age They all relate to me they buy my stuff they love everything but she's like a lot of times like moms won't like relate to me I was like, yeah, my wife loves you as a person But she won't buy her stuff because she's like I don't want to be buff like Kaylin and she's like so what I did I found in my community all the moms my community that signed up and I had them on I Gave them a chance to tell their story live on Facebook And so what I did is I made a woofoo form and in the woofoo form I asked them these eight questions What's your backstory? What's your desire which are extra internal and so these women these moms on my team or mom's you've gone through my program Sat down for hours and wrote out their entire Pifny Bridge story word-for-word in a woofoo form They submitted to me and I got back like 20 of these forms I read all the stories and two or three of more like amazing I've balling my eyes out as I'm reading them so I got these people on Facebook live and I did an interview and said hey so Julie your mom and stay at home your lady boss and Tell me your story like what was your backstory about why you do the da da da da da da da, right? And now the mom who's the perfect target market. They're trying to get in tells the story and what happens a lot of times is when someone gets live on On video the very first time they freeze up and like a deer in the headlights, right? But came in already read their story. She knew where she needed them to go so much like yeah I Was used to be overweight and then it sucked and then I lost some weight. It was awesome. Thanks. Klan Klan's like alright, that's good But remember you're telling me like in your back you were telling me like when you got started like Your son and his high school and the school thing I tell tell us the story about your son like oh, yeah My son well the da da da da and like how do I make you feel? Alison she starts balling boom and then she starts telling the story right and she does the whole thing and she gets she captures the Mom telling the story on Facebook live which then pushes to a webinar which gives people and now there's that bridge where they connect it So she you can use this for your own stories and you just for your students stories use people you've worked with their stories Every single one becomes an amazing asset to tell a story to bring people into what it is you're trying to do Okay, so that's like second-level stuff But I want to throw in and now because like this this framework right here like this is the key This is like ten years of me trying to tell stories broken down to like oh my gosh It's really the simple so it's important to understand that okay We can do what I missed it Opal be blend That's The only uses what's when we use to use Yeah, F was it be live at be live TV also the same thing we can have people in there Anyway, but conceptually in fact same thing like all the testimonials on expert seekers calm I didn't have time to fly Brandon out to 40 different people's houses to capture their story So I was like hey here's the script you can pull out a video camera And so these eight questions really quick and then send some b-roll with your phone of your house that'd be awesome And we created like 22 most amazing video stories then just telling the story like this. This is magic, okay? Anyway, so I digress our plan right now So some of you guys are didn't do your homework now now you're freaking out, huh? So I want you to write out your your process. What's your back? What's your desires external internal the wall epiphany plan conflict achievement transformation? And then I want you to find a corner can be in here can be in the front room outside Just find somewhere and you're grab your camera and again I recommend doing Facebook live so put some pressure on you'll be a lot of fun But that freaks you out and you're like there's no way on earth then just go to your video and just make a video So record it so you've got it and you can go back you can watch it later You showed somebody else or to your spouse or somebody loves you and they I got confused here. I didn't make sense I didn't that part didn't work any questions