All right, so let's talk about newsletter marketing. As I said, newsletter marketing, I fell in love with newsletter marketing back on July 17th of 2005 because how else can I spend $31 give 55 leads and 12 new signups into my opportunity in 24 hours? I don't know, but there was some sort of extremely powerful positive reinforcement that went on in my mind that made me fall in love with this form of advertising. Unfortunately for a lot of people, they don't do newsletter marketing. They don't understand it, so they don't do it. They think it's weird. They think it's highly risky, and so we're going to get through all that right now. Newsletter marketing pound for pound next to an endorsed mailing from, like JV stuff that you see going out there. Hey, go check out this guy's stuff because he's cool is what I get the highest response rates from when I do it right. I'm going to show you guys how to do it right. Let me talk to you about why. Newsletter marketing is a highly responsive media. Everyone checks their email, and here's what responsiveness means. So when someone, I used to buy all those super red hot leads where people would be like, oh, super flaming red hot lead, $22. This is a TV, infomercial. We call them and talk to them about their mothers, their mother-in-law's cooking for an hour, and they love us. Just call them. They're your friends now. Those sorts of leads. Oh, that's highly responsive. That has nothing to do with responsiveness. Here's what responsiveness is, and make sure you remember this because this will do you well for the rest of your life as long as you're a direct response marketer. All responsiveness is how much they think about the thing that you can help them solve. Let me give you an example. Me, I said, I'm a self-proclaimed marketing addict. I think about it all day, every day, except for on weekends when I'm hanging out, and even then I want to think about it. I am a highly responsive lead because of that. If you look at the amount of money I've spent on training, on marketing, on everything that I've done, it's probably second to very few people. It's because I think about this stuff all the time. That's what responsiveness is. How much do they think about the thing? You guys are here. You guys are highly responsive people, too, because you're here learning. Those are highly responsive people. You proactively put yourself in a scenario where you can learn more about the thing that you think is really cool. That's responsiveness. The reason that newsletter marketing is highly responsive is because newsletter markets tons of online easing in every niche, every category. In fact, one of my favorite places to do newsletter marketing is the directory of eZons. We'll talk about that in a minute. It's basically like a library. It's an archive of newsletters. The cool thing about newsletters is the people in all of these newsletters proactively put themselves on that newsletter so that they could get updates on the stuff they think is really cool all the time. They're willingly happy to accept your offer because they like stuff about network marketing anyway. Been thinking about it all day. Thanks for that offer. Now, I'm oversimplifying, but I think you get the drift. That's why newsletter marketing is highly responsive.