So, here's the last piece I want to get to before we talk about our strategy. The most important thing that will help you to realize revenue from your advertising is your follow-up. The direct marketing status typically takes 7 to 12 interactions for people to know that you exist. It's pretty true. And secondarily, there's another direct response, marketing status, that says about 80% of people that do an inquiry for a certain product. Let's say that I want to get, I was watching X-Men earlier today, I like X-Men. And there was an episode of X-Men that was about a character called Juggernaut. Let's say I wanted to get a Juggernaut poster. And I go to a website and I find some cool posters. One website gets my name and email address and the other one doesn't. Now I might buy a poster from the website that doesn't get my name and email address, but because I followed up, I'm way more likely, followed up with, I'm way more likely to buy from that original place. 80% of people that initially inquire about anything will buy something within that product line. And the difference between you getting and realizing that revenue for your business and not is your ability to follow up and to do it in a cool way. So I want to give you just a few tips. First off, if you do email marketing, email daily. This is something that people, I say it all the time, but very few people actually do it. And those that do, always make more money when they do. The best way to do email marketing is two emails per day. Once in the morning, once at night. This is a closed program, we do party warm ups. Meeting first time or we do prom. This is another type of person that is Spencer- making money on Cairo New Deal. Get lucky, never 7 bites from tenemos ro, po, po, po, po, po, po. If you're lucky, you know what to say. Tip with other people, noness lying. of lost mentality you have a lead abundance mentality just go get more leads the right one will stick around and learn cool stuff from you and the others people that don't do it is the people that are lazy because they say well that sounds like a lot of work first week i put this strategy in the plan of business uh... and they double the money so if you want advantage if you want to make money in place of what others can you might want to try to emails for that we can't go into a fully but i just wanna highlight that the reason the major reason why is because we assume an animals think a certain way those people that we know and trust we communicate with often our friends are families are loved ones talk to a lot strangers not so much so and so the way to kinda create trust in our prospects is to communicate with them consistently over consistent intervals what happens is your prospects will come to have in implied trust will say well i know they can always in the mail at nine a.m. i wonder what he's gonna talk about tomorrow that's that's where you want to be that's trust because you're coming your consistent like you wake up in the morning you never think about the ground being there and you step out of the bed it's always there always been there she trusts it's gonna be there if you make a regimented process of deciding to send your emails out daily at a certain time interval you're going to create a tremendous amount of trust in your database realize a lot more revenue for that's all uh... here's here's cut here's a couple other things if you're serious think about communicating with your prospects through multiple media like tell us in the arson webinars i know that instant tell us in the dark i think it's like sixty bucks a month you can do as many house seminars as you want go to meetings is like ninety nine dollars a month and you can do is many meetings as you want how much different is the level of interaction here now that you know i'm i'm showing yourself we're gonna go through the cool stuff that everybody wants to go through in a minute but how different is a level of interaction that because we're here and speaking and we're gonna do you know there's gonna be questions on answer stuff and i'm gonna show you cool stuff compared if i just send emails if you may have it again of saying hey i'm gonna do a webinar week or couple webinars week or couple tell us in the arts week do you think that that would dramatically affect your ability to create trust and therefore drive sales i think so so again couple things you can do that'll uh... create rock solid relationships