So, here's the last piece I want to get to before we talk about our strategy. The most important thing that will help you to realize revenue from your advertising is your follow-up. The direct marketing status typically takes 7 to 12 interactions for people to know that you exist. It's pretty true. And secondarily, there's another direct response, marketing status, that says about 80% of people that do an inquiry for a certain product. Let's say that I want to get, I was watching X-Men earlier today, I like X-Men. And there was an episode of X-Men that was about a character called Juggernaut. Let's say I wanted to get a Juggernaut poster. And I go to a website and I find some cool posters. One website gets my name and email address and the other one doesn't. Now I might buy a poster from the website that doesn't get my name and email address, but because I followed up, I'm way more likely, followed up with, I'm way more likely to buy from that original place. 80% of people that initially inquire about anything will buy something within that product line. And the difference between you getting and realizing that revenue for your business and not is your ability to follow up and to do it in a cool way. So I want to give you just a few tips. First off, if you do email marketing, email daily. This is something that people, I say it all the time, but very few people actually do it. And those that do, always make more money when they do. The best way to do email marketing is two emails per day. Once in the morning, once at night. News story, being yourself, sharing stuff, kind of like I'm talking about my, I was watching X-Men earlier today, that sort of stuff. Bar none, the simplest, most effective way in the world to make more money in your business. Now, people choose not to do this because they say, well, what if people unsubscribe. And the people that say that have a fear of lost mentality. You gotta have a lead abundance mentality. Just go get more leads. The right ones will stick around and learn cool stuff from you. And the others people that don't do it is the people that are lazy because they say, well, that sounds like a lot of work. First week I put this strategy in the plan of my business. I made double the money. So if you want advantage, if you want to make money in place where others can't, you might want to try two emails per day. We can't go into it fully, but I just want to highlight that. The major reason why is because we as human animals think a certain way. Those people that we know and trust, we communicate with often. Our friends, our families, our loved ones, we talk to a lot. Strangers not so much so. And so the way to kind of create trust in our prospects is to communicate with them consistently over consistent intervals. And what happens is your prospects will come to have an implied trust. They'll say, well, I know Dagen always sends an email at 9am. I wonder what he's going to talk about tomorrow. That's where you want to be. That's trust. Because you're coming, you're consistent. Like you wake up in the morning, you never think about the ground being there. When you step out of the bed, it's always there. It's always been there. So you trust it's going to be there. If you make a regimented process of deciding to send your emails out daily at a certain time interval, you're going to create a tremendous amount of trust within your database and realize a lot more revenue for it. So that's all I said. Here's a couple other things. Because if you're serious, think about communicating with your prospects through multiple media, like tele-seminars and webinars. I know that instant tele-seminar is like, I think it's like 60 bucks a month. You can do as many tele-seminars as you want. Go to meetings is like $99 a month. And you can do as many meetings as you want. How much different is the level of interaction here now that I'm showing you stuff? We're going to go through the cool stuff that everybody wants to go through in a minute. But how different is the level of interaction that because we're here and I'm speaking and we're going to do, there's going to be questions, I'm going to answer stuff, and I'm going to show you cool stuff compared if I just send emails. If you made a habit again of saying, hey, I'm going to do a webinar a week or a couple of tele-seminars a week, do you think that that would dramatically affect your ability to create trust and therefore drive sales? I think so. So again, a couple of things you can do that will create rock solid relationships.