okay like ten-minute i'm getting kind of tired yet if you are i hope everyone is a product i'm not going to get all these but we'll get um... he wants here you just thank you if anyone got uh... you can't enter here i think the exact action his uh... kind of blueprint how he finds his own lips what he goes through office check make sure quality uh... if you're not a boxer uh... i guess not but i'm guessing you knew it was going to work before you spent that much money but they're kind of looking for other ways to do this uh... a little bit uh... lower so guys that's one newsletter there like a kazillion other newsletters out there that are like literally remember where we started thirty one dollar newsletter fifty five leads well sign-ups in my business there are a kazillion newsletters like that if you go through the process we just went through my point of showing you this and go through this process was not to say like look at how cool i am look at i can get these big spikes of leads whenever i want those to show you how that's done and not to say go to do that now it's to say that's where you can get to it you so choose to test the waters do this on a smaller scale for cdl field for it it was a couple years before i started to spend money with bigger newsletters how to ask them money with bigger newsletters that's the question i created my own information products my own information front-end to my business so that i profited fully all my stuff in my profit margin winds up went up and i had more money that i could risk the plan is worth i didn't know if it would work i don't think it worked totally the first part of marketing is risk in like i'm not i'm not going to say here i can't sit here guys and say like everything just works out perfect now and guys marketing is risk you take calculated risk in you go sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't but over time those that work started compound you have all these things that are just working for you because you tested all this other stuff that didn't that's how it works start with the low stuff thirty dollar newsletters as a hundred dollar newsletter ads you know feel for this stuff and they can step it up to some of the bigger newsletters is that a fair answer yet it's fair enough for me for those bigger newsletters for guys and girls who do you have a little bit of money to play with you have a new literally uh... you're just split-testing and and i mean obviously you know what works you had a lower-scale you figured out you scale it up pretty much gave everyone what works anyway with that being said you just go to the bigger list throw that much money at the list and see what happens and just track it yeah you just ask i've essentially given you the process that i use and other than that it's a small leap of faith on my part and i sit back and wait and see cool man there's a you the question about it a couple of them about how the you look at your main looking maybe looking for the increase in this of the subscriber base on a ongoing basis what's up on uh... for the one point eight million list of that big ad you put uh... what they are good number to look for to ask the owner so if you guys want to know just it i mean is it okay for me to say fate if like if you guys are seriously interested in that particular newsletter is on the site quite so you people don't do this if you still have a spoke and and send me a message i'll hook you up with my contact and you guys can talk about that stuff so the first i'll do like this the first five or ten people i will hold myself accountable to get you that information other than that i cannot hold myself accountable because we have like literally a quite a million people here and hopefully you guys getting great stuff okay but then it with the two thousand subscriber list uh... they can use looking for a ten percent increase not even like we're talking if you're growing a couple hundred a couple thousand per month that is a good quality i'd like to think about it as your own so everyone here uh... i know some people are very new but a lot of people here and i know it's right now how fast is your list growing how profitable is your list on a monthly basis and if you're so let's say that you have a two thousand person list right now and you know that every week your newsletter database grows by let's say seventy two people and you know that you know what's a week you send out an affiliate offer on that affiliate offer you may get three or four sales and you make two three hundred bucks total revenue you get half of it so it's like a hundred and fifty hundred eighty bucks that's how you think about these lists so if you know that you can realize your own realize revenue from your own list uh... at a certain rate and i'm gonna simplify this make it easier than others a different answer that you want uh... that's how you should you should that's the sort of world that's the sort of mindset you should be thinking because there's only so many ways to get leads and they can't be doing things significantly different than what you're doing but the reason that the big newsletters can grow gigantic subscriber bases is because they utilize things like courage to a high level have their own dedicated servers and it's literally their business to just have this huge general interest newsletter and that's how they make the money and so they're very good at getting a lot of really inexpensive subscribers from courage and then warming them up to other general interest newsletters that's why they can grow really fast we don't do that no more give you some money so that i can take some of your people from your general interest newsletter into my list so that gigantic list it is not a network marketing less but it's so freaking big there are people that want money and want to do network marketing and every single offer i mean i've done top-tier opportunity offers there i've done two-dollar trial opportunities there i've done tons of my own information products there uh... i've never not made money not meaning like i've made a hundred percent of my profit back but i've always had sales for anything so it's a that's a cool thing when you go to the really big list uh... the answer that you're looking for guys if they're growing at ten percent per month consider that cold that cover that i was a great uh... okay i don't want to talk about the growth both of that uh... comment i had that a couple questions about initially with your email when you get them on your list are you doing two emails per day like set up in your follow-up are you doing to broadcast on top of one follow-up that one you're doing to broadcast on top of the car respond to it so guys what's going to happen so i'd you know i welcome you to my maximum leverage crazy marketing world if you go over to the whatever the website was i'll put up maximum that's leverage dot com for a slash solo ads with what happens is right now i have sixty emails in my auto responder it'll grow over time and all of those emails are videos case study marketing it's not just what we talked about it's not not different stuff conversions runs again better set up there in terms of what i do i personally send out most of the time i don't do i'm not perfect is only one person of the perfectly gets to know that every single day every day i'd get out to additional emails that i just myself and how to do that is that totally different discussions but i don't know if you have time to that that how to create that much content but it is it easier than you think in some of the videos that you have that come uh... you have decided to subscribe get into the details and then agree that okay maybe uh... one or two more men and then i will let you go off to your eating it's the crap on the value okay at your opinion on this one uh... they can i'm looking at uh... at a way to spot the more rep than my primary uh... what am i going to do with the hundred of the how do we convert so that's one of those questions i'll qualify as kind of hard to answer without more information let's assume that uh... you have your own database you're not a responder uh... what i would do personally if i was just getting started and i'd had no idea what opportunity you're in is i would just remember that's right told you about like walking into the bar and buying forty beers forty pictures appear passing them out i would just kill people with the best content humanly possible about growing network marketing businesses giving them no way to actually join one week i would use one week out of the month where i would make that my promotional week and again this is a whole nother topic i can get into but basically you create in your system will offer you guys are wondering what i'm doing i'm doing it and a lot of you've been waiting and watch waiting for me to give you the opportunity work directly with me and well here's your chance i can't promise you this window's gonna open again go here and what i would do is i was sent into a survey happy to fill out a survey bill at the survey i can promise that i'll get back to you if you tell me why she choose you course on the survey one of the questions is you qualify them based on price like a big willing to spend the brother business if not don't recall back if they seem serious call them back and review them and bring in the number of people that you said you wanted to bring it there's a paradigm shift you're in control of your business and you can qualify work with whatever you want when you get that cool man i hear that uh... generic i guess this will be the last one how do these guys massive list that you are uh... why just i kinda entered that like for instance that big the big list that i told you guys about primarily i mean they they're doing the same things that we're doing but their whole business is their newsletter so they're utilizing things like co-registration marketing to a much higher degree than we will ever use the reason is in the middle of time to get into courage but it's not a you can't just walk in and start doing courage marketing it's an expensive set up you gotta have a lot of specific equipment that's not cheap the leads that you get are not the same server direct response we do get when you send out a newsletter to a list may respond they're far more general like so they're advertising would you like to get a free uh... burst from the bible sent you in the in sent your email every day people are gonna say yes to that they can pay pennies for those weeks paid you want to get your favorite cartoons comic strips into you uh... every day people are gonna say yes to that people like our kids they can get those leads for pennies uh... and so these are the sort of list that are being built in being grown because of a general interest in the police road sheet and it doesn't look who bus necessarily to try to grow or duplicate what they do because we're we have a specific thing our businesses in growing just a big newsletter that is not business the uh... does that make sense payment think with that the document that you went over you might get in on the best that people are asking it maybe it's often your website all think that they think what will i do uh... think about it and i'm gonna i'll put over on the yeah and uh... yet let me know if you want to open into your website whatever you want to do well over delivered here and you've uh... i hope you guys are paying attention it's awesome so i'm trying to think of the best way to get this to people is because it's brian if you can get me the your recording and i can i can add this recording somewhere to my site i'll include this as a pdf when we're on the same page that i that i uh... but this recording of the training just yeah i got to the entire marketing you got a mastermind there what he does how he approaches everything not just the whole well-gammed at every the whole marketing arsenal strategy that your value that so much value the guy that uh... here's where you want to go maximum leverage dot com for sure maximum that's what i thought com for so i don't get you the stuff that he wants to send you if you at all thought you got any value from uh... day in and what what goes through the brain and how he gets the right list right to write that basically scientific marketing knows what's gonna happen when you got it in uh... that is just ridiculous and definitely you guys are going to want to watch that recording start implementing this things you can start doing tomorrow and there's no really tonight if you're going to talk to a lot of recording or if you caught it the first time around how to find the list uh... you know make the list tonight contact the owners tomorrow you know the ad uh... maybe i'll put together something specifically for the msp offer things like that that directly correlated but you know they can look so congruent with the link to the uh... to the added self to the website it just all it it makes sense uh... brilliant thank you uh... maximum that's what i thought com for special at so and i think that any final words man is there anything else you want to throw at them and and um... and we'll get you the recording tomorrow for sure but that pdf but any closing words yet the only the only thing i'd like to say at the end is uh... if you guys fun here if you could go if you can find my maximum leverage fan page and just sold me like tell me uh... what you got most out of it uh... or if you have a question you can post questions there try to get as many to many of them as i can i can't promise i can get all of them uh... i'll try my best pretty hardcore at what i do and so the reason i asked as just because i can't see what you guys are saying i can just kind of like go full speed and try to get as much information as possible and i just like to see on the other end that uh... you guys are picking up what i'm putting down so it would be huge to be a huge favor to me if you could go to my maximum leverage facebook fan page just by doing a facebook search and let me know what you thought tonight asking your your question that you may have and i'll try to address many of that kind and now that the only thing else is have fun and don't lose well i think that with some of the comments coming in from our members they get it you literally just showed how you personally generate you know fifteen hundred lead today with the right list right off for the right ad right down to the link in the ad this is it man i mean i think that you guys are all geared and equipped to take it to the next level i know this is such a small fraction of what you bring the table marketing wise i honestly urge anyone who's serious about internet marketing uh... they can again use uh... the first issue on the mike billard what's working out uh... product as well in the guy is sharp and he's recognized as one of the top internet marketers across the board if you want to get that if you thought he's uh... what he just went over the inside it is hot guys just hot is the the paper click train to webinars that are on that u s b-stick and that would bring you into a whole new world of what he's able to do on paper click on top of the he's on and uh... we're gonna have him out quite i feel like we're not quite a bit here and uh... partnership is going to be off because it just brings way too much value uh... internet marketer the table if you want to get it up a quick training up for ten box which is absolutely unreal click here for your member go back click on the form immediately that's gone in like the next two days uh... highly recommended if you like to be the train you go pick that up before that uh... billard so out of those again i'm gonna be on your face but page and getting a praise because you did all of our members all the problem of them that started here on the webinar and uh... well over half of them still here to pop out into it just so much uh... so much to work with that with the people that are still on from the back webinar two hours and into a training that is uh... second they clearly what you're going down here and they are getting it that that man that they can get that we are there's a lot of height uh... in the email a lot of numbers thrown out he certainly delivered if you guys were on you were at all present completely pure gold there's no reason why you can start doing uh... you know uh... small small-faceted not going to be numbers right at you know immediately out the gate but this is definitely a path to absolutely explode your business maximum that leverage dot com forward slash solo ads you don't let check out everything you know about everything it is an even up i'm pretty smart i'm glad you're in the internet marketing game and uh... that's how it would be uh... the doctor you're definitely a blessing to the industry so are you mad thank you for having me i was have a blast apologize if i kept anybody up past that time but we'll do it again we'll have more fun and uh... yet just thanks for having it but i don't know i'd find it but they did that if you like that at all they're going to have a party with the white here and i think you're all of our members and i definitely get with whoever you invited to get check out the link my least of some pro hop on day in the this year and it this was just a game changer this webinar my opinion fifteen hundred lead the day at the click of a button from a guy who is getting those results right now right today with the strategy i don't know what i think that uh... a new game for everyone on the on the uh... call so they can rock brother uh... we will be in touch with you tomorrow on the prospecting boot camp that starts at six p m eastern time for all of our members uh... they can we'll get you to record you will be in touch and i will see over on your page talk later have a good night guys had this call the rap guys everyone go make it happen and uh... go black from the time at the go get some leads and make the money that's what it's all about have a great evening everyone mxp signing off