In a lot of cases, he concentrates on reselling old customers more effectively. He's also been known to develop entire new business pursuits for a client to tap, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. This is really good. Can he help your business? Maybe, maybe not. But you can find out with just one fascinating call. The number to call is, and then it tells you what's going to happen. You tell her you would like to set up an appointment for a telephone meeting with Gary Waltershede, Mr. Abraham's personal assistant. Of course, if Gary is available when you call, he'll speak with you then. If not, when you do speak with him, he'll ask you a dozen very specific questions. These questions are not calculated to invade your privacy, but rather to help Mr. Abraham determine whether or not he can be of profitable service to you. And frankly, whether you represent enough increased profits to make it worth his while, et cetera, et cetera. What else should you know before you call him? Jay works with clients in a slightly different manner than you may be accustomed to. They all either come to him or they deal with him by phone, fax, or mail. Jay rarely, if ever, visits his clients. Why two reasons? Actually first, the man is an absolute coward when it comes to travel. And this is especially true when it comes to traveling by airplanes. Therefore, he asks his clients to deal by phone or in person. At his office or his panoramic ocean view, he'll top home. This, by the way, is not because Mr. Abraham is autocratic conceded aloof or stubborn. My sentence, it is. Quite simply, the man is totally and completely afraid to fly. And then there's a paragraph that turns this somehow into a benefit for the client. There's actually two paragraphs of that. I won't waste your time with that. The first one was the really good one. And so the end of the justification for the client, and you get to this, this is really good, keep in mind that it's more important for Jay to function at peak performance in his relationship than it is you. I mean, that's good stick. And that's pretty cool. That's really good. Particularly, as long as it is up to Jay to create, develop, test, implement, and perpetuate all your marketing programming for your company. And then we have Redist before you run another ad. Here are the four principal conditions that must exist in order for it to make sense for you to call. There's a criteria that you have to meet in order to be considered for a client. So the copy is just brilliant status and positioning copy, really to the point of, by the way, you saw your stuff is here, to the point of putting the client, the prospect on the defensive from the very beginning, including about their own likely behavior. So now after that copy, is anybody going to call this and seriously complain about having to come to him instead of him coming to them, complain about phone right now? Because they've been put on notice from the very beginning. It's very, very cool. I envy it, and I wish I'd stolen it. Still available. Well like you, I'm not prospecting anymore. So the other thing I'll tell you other than formal introduction is as best as I can determine, my own experience with Jay goes back 28 years. I'm old and he's really old. I got my hands on, I don't know if you know, but the first thing I got my hands on was the your marketing genius at work. That would have been the first thing we ever did. And I confess I don't think I paid for it. I'm not sure where I got it. You're not unique. No, I know. I don't know. I got it on eBay or anything because that didn't exist, but I think somebody actually gave it to me. And actually I think over the years you've gotten very little money from me, and I suspect I've gotten very little money from you, but that's the problem with peers. But what your marketing genius at work really contributed to me personally was a much deeper understanding of customer's equity rather than customer to somebody you sell stuff to. That really all the wealth was in the back end. Only income was in the front end. And so the knowledge that has governed what I've done over the years is based on a little piece gotten from this place and a little piece gotten from that place and a little piece gotten from here and there and pieced together. And so that is really the most important piece I got from Jay was really this conviction that you.