Lead generation ads from many, many moons ago when every once in a while Jay was still lead generating and I want to just read you a few little paragraphs of what pursuant to what we've been talking about. Status copy, value creation copy. I think because you've already been given, most of you of course know of Jay. There's at least, how many of you have been to a Jay Abraham seminar? Let's raise your hands nice and high. All right. Now there you go and they still came. How about that? So a bunch of you have been and a bunch of you read what was sent to you by Jay and so forth. So the first piece of good news I have for you is that, so around reading an introduction, I thought I would read you a few lines of copy from his own ads. The first one is how to hire the best marketing expert in America on a risk-free basis where you pay him only if his work pays off for you. Read this announcement to see if you qualify to be one of Jay Abraham's newest clients. The other one is headlined California Marketing Wizard offers to perform $250,000 worth of turnkey profit enhancement. For your business free if you qualify. I don't know but were these a split test? I did like eight. It was my hobby. I had an extra 20 grand I would test an F. So the answer is no, it wasn't a split test. You have no idea which one of these worked better than the other. I just kept running them. That's what I thought. They all worked though. Yeah, but before I do that the piece of good news is Jay has very generously gifted you both of his books. And so when you leave tonight you can pick up, is that right? They can pick up when they leave. Thank you. You can pick up a... And that's probably as good as it's going to get. The two ways to get a lot of appreciation here is either free books or free food. How about free cookbooks? Yeah, yeah, there you go. That's a nice combination. Now I have to admit, even though I have trifocals I've reduced it to the point that I got to do this. By the way, I get a laugh at the track sometimes if people don't know because I wear tries. These are trifocals. They don't call them anymore. Where they call them now. Progressive lenses. Progressive lenses. So to drive in at the racetrack I just have a pair with the distance in it. Because I don't want the other stuff getting in my way and that's really all I need, right? However, once I've put those on I cannot see anything up close. I'm blind. So the first time I realized why people... there's like four people and I hear this gasp. Because I've borrowed the security guards program. I'm ready to go. Like right before getting in a sulky and going out there and driving. And I'm doing this. And I heard these gasps from behind me and I stopped doing that. So anyway. So here's a great line which is... anybody could use this. You have probably read about him in and then it names a bunch of media. Translation, now you think you did read about him, whether you read about him or not. Because he told you you probably read about him. You've probably read more than a few of the ads he has written for his clients since they've appeared in publications with a combined readership of 178 million readers. His powerful sales letters and prospect lead generating mailings have been mailed to slightly over 125 million consumers and businessmen, something in the range of one and a half billion dollars worth of combined gross sales for the satisfied client. Now see that's like brilliant use of fund... at least the first two, fundamentally meaningless statistics. But great positioning statements, right? So we're pulling stats out of readership of all the magazines. But I mean, you know, it's like wow. But does it like mean anything? No, it just means he was good enough to get somebody to pay him to write ads that ran in all these magazines. It doesn't really mean anything to work. Over the past 15 years, for example, he has developed 165 separate advertising marketing, promotional mailing and sales strategy techniques for successful enterprises of every imaginable kind. I'm skipping around. He's also one of the most desired defeats he charges are unreal. Before I fully explain what kind of companies might qualify for Jay's free $250,000 consultation offer, let me do that. How Jay works with a client depends entirely on where the client's opportunities are the greatest and then there's a long bunch of copy about all the different opportunities.