In many ways what you have is a quick fix, Gizmo, and it's going to work on that level. It may work to help people relatively long term, but you would increase your market share, the number of people you'd reach enormously if you have a lifestyle component which would be exercise and nutrition which are the two areas that can most combat arthritis. The Arthritis Association in Australia endorsed Dr. Paul Lam's Tai Chi for arthritis program and the Arthritis Association in the United States is doing the same thing and he has a whole network of certified instructors because any exercise program that exercises the joints and starts to affect the nervous system is going to affect arthritis. So you can access the exercise industry and you can access the nutrition industry by offering that as a whole area back end that you're not currently considering. You can provide both educational seminars, tapes, books on nutrition and exercise systems that are going to help people maintain the lifestyle because with Gizmos they use the Gizmos for a while but they're still somehow reliant on that quick fix Gizmo. However effective it is, so you want to encourage them to think about the person's whole lifestyle, the fact they've got 20 or 30 years of good life ahead of them if they use these other elements. You'll be doing everything that they're recommending but at the same time you'd broaden and you'd be able to access customers who still want the Gizmo but they want also to be able to play tennis, exercise, walk down the street, get out of bed and not necessarily rely on the laser treatment. Dan? I think John made a real good point. We're going to answer the question, what's best for the person? That's definitely what's best for the person. If we're going to try to make the sale, people want the pill. Well, you'd have to be very careful. Yeah, your point's well taken. First of all, you've got to be very careful where you put it in so that it doesn't get in the way. The most interesting thing though that he said is that by doing it, figuring out how to do it carefully, you can gain reciprocal access back the other way through the various and sundry publishers, providers, certified trainers, yada yada, who will now say nice things about the doohickey and send traffic upstream. One way that is different than our usual models, that is Royzen's model, is that sort of interesting, is first of all, you create media. Now everybody who buys one of these things is now a member of the arthritis whatever society and there's a website they can go to with all sorts of resources and information and maybe they can talk to each other, maybe they can't and so forth. What Royzen's done, I've not seen any of us do before and it has its drawbacks because you're not getting as much money from everybody. So if you go to reallife.com, so let's take pedometers because everybody's got to have a pedometer. He doesn't just have one up there, he's got eight of them. There's eight different pedometer vendors who are all approved. There's probably a hundred in the market, I don't know, but there's eight different ones who are up there and they all get to put their doohickey up there and they all get to talk, there's space for them to talk about their doohickey and it's actually rated like at Amazon by the customers and he's got remarks there about each one, what's good about this one, what's not, why you might want this one instead of this one and there's eight endorsed. Well, all those eight companies are now saying nice things about realage.com and are reciprocating by packing realage.com crap in with all the pedometers, they sell in retail stores, etc., etc. So he's using the media that he's created to befriend multiple, so it could be that guy's Tai Chi thing and it could be somebody else's videotape about some other kind of water therapy and it could be somebody else's course about something else and really you could have them all up there and I think it's because the most interesting thing is the reciprocity, but Chris's point is very well taken.