You treat the customer as equity and you focus on the back end opportunities in your business rather than the front end What we'll do tonight is we'll have a little conversation. I Prepared a few questions for him that I think will be of interest to you And then we're going to get through two or three Maybe four but doubtful a little mini hot seats It's a me understand you've had a little injury. Yeah, I was in Tokyo doing a program in the first day I was Waxing poetic about the meaning of life or something and drinking and looking for a bathroom and instead of a hallway I found a stairwell and I was looking up and didn't look down and I rolled down until the end of it and sprained my ankle But I'm pretty good now. Thank you There's a joke there somewhere but I know but I wasn't laughing I'm sure you won't you weren't It does remind me This is a good idea that went awry I don't think a little I was here tonight in Akron, Ohio. This is probably this was new at the time. I think bill. You'll appreciate this Somebody decided that a really good idea for a business would be a really good. I mean upscale popular bar and restaurant connected to a men's clothing store and so there was like a door but You went freely from bar to clothing store and clothing store to bar and it is For a couple of years. It was the place that Pete and I used to go drink every day at happy hour and We watched as a rather elderly Gentlemen who probably had had it Couple too few Went to the door from the bar going to the clothing store opened the door to the clothing store stepped in and Pete all over the place thinking thinking he was in the bedroom. You could hear the screams from the clothing store So after that they closed the door and you had to walk around to the outside in order to go into business deal went awry The combining is not always smart. So Let's do Fundamentals that you're famous for first, okay, so that's like when you when you step into a business and Everybody should know that although Although most people think and me too, but most people think of us in the marketing context I would I would say Jay is more broader global bigger Business strategy than just marketing strategy. So with that said when you step into a business as a consultant What are the fundamental places you look for the opportunities? That are being missed or unexplored or whatever that may allow you to leverage the business up I'll answer quickly first of all what I think that I've gotten to the point of doing is we deal with Untapped opportunities overlooked assets under performing activities under under utilized Relationships and unrealized distribution channels. So I have a process and I'll try to give you a little Maybe a template for yourself. We break it down usually two ways First one is that we try to max. I mean this is interesting I've been exposed to lots of brilliant people and I try to combine optimization with Innovation which are polar opposites. It's a real tricky thing to bridge So what we do first because optimization is getting the maximum performance out everything and innovation is making everything You're doing obsolete and doing something different So the first thing we do is we look at what's driving the business right now Whether I think it's insanely stupid or not and I don't mean that disrespectfully and we try to make whatever they're doing right now That's holding whether it's bailing wire and chewing gum that's holding it together do better The best it can do so that we can stabilize it and depending on the capital position throw off Capital to get into so we go Maximize first multiply the options second, but then as I get done maximizing and I've done 465 industries so I've got the benefit of knowing a Lot of approaches that are foreign to one industry They're very commonplace to the other and you can borrow hybrids, but we teach the three way to grow a business model I got exposed early in my life to people who were what I'll call for lack of a better word very brilliant ethical leverage Opportunist they wanted to get the highest and best current residual long-term yield meaning meaning profit cash flow revenue certainty asset value wealth out of everything they did