It's brilliant. We do a six month or I teach the distributors to do a six month partial money back. Yeah, okay, but let's be clear. So his point is now let's say we're running a national infomercial. Or radio campaign. Or radio. And we got some areas we don't have any sales. We don't have ground troops in. We can, especially if we crack the financing problem, we can directly handle those people by bringing the barrier way down. Okay, so like the $14,000 exercise guy now, they'll install that sucker right in there on 30 day trial. Right. And if you don't like it in the end of the month, they'll come haul that whole damn thing back out of there. Well, of course, you probably had to knock down a wall and rearrange your old house to get that damn thing in there. So, but those guys are brilliant, but it works to brilliant. Yeah, I patched told me it works to he'd also told me it'd kill me. It's like you got to be in good shape before you start using it, you know, which I'm not. So, so I'm scared of that thing. They've almost got me three times because it's, you know, this deal five minutes or something and it's like being at the gym for three hours and it. When you come to South Dakota to visit. Oh, yeah, I'll put you on ours. Oh, yeah, when I come to visit your factory at South Dakota. I'll get on it when I come visit your factory at South Dakota. But they've almost got me three times. I mean, almost, almost, almost, almost, almost. But yeah, it's a way to it's a way to deal with that coverage problem is a take the threshold away entirely put it in on three months free trial. And then if you want to keep it, it's 24 monthly payments of this. And you're right, that could fill some gaps. If you got to the point that you were halfway there, three quarters of the way there and wanted to launch. That's a way that's a way to fill those gaps. All right, everybody. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, just wanted for those of you who are in the room before. Make sure you're here tomorrow morning sharp and a 30 because the hotel is making special arrangements to make sure we can get everybody to the airport either tomorrow or Sunday when you're leaving through their shuttle service that they're making available. And they're putting together all the they're figuring it out today and I'll be able to tell you that tomorrow morning so 8 30 tomorrow morning will be here in the room. If for those people that are going tonight for that dinner. Dan, what time is that 5 30 and it's in the shool is special session right and then the rest of you will they're not going to dinner will see tomorrow morning 8 30 so have a good evening. Oh, that's right. What what time is that. Okay, so we'll see forget about the evening sessions cancel 7 30 number that I you have J Abraham and Dan Kennedy live on the same stage.