Back in the old days in entrepreneur, there were guys running full page ads for training. I think it was real estate, commercial tax abatement. You remember those ads? And I went to the guy that was the big player because he was on my list and I said, I looked at his numbers. He was spending a couple million dollars and was selling 2,000 people at 10 grand and he was not selling the other 38,000 quares. He was investing 90% of his money and I got him to send a letter that I wrote telling those people. I'm saying this for a reason to show you that it said we were so flattered when you first contacted us. However, we were disappointed when you didn't follow through. We presume it was one of three reasons. Either one, the timing wasn't right, two, the economics weren't right, or three, the opportunity wasn't right. If you've not found anything and you're still of that mind, we'd like to introduce you to something. This is when I did the protege program. It may have a program that's even more appealing because one, every business anywhere, retail, wholesale, professional, profit, non-profit is a prospect. Number two, you can get an incredible immersion before you ever have to commit because I used to send all kinds of stuff out. Number three, if you like it, you can check the whole thing out before he'll consider your commitment binding. Number four, if you like it and you want to stay, you can pay for it after your profit and we made millions of dollars off of all their turn downs. The point is, there are so many cool ways. The example I use, and it's an easy one and you got somebody here I think you're going to do it on, you might shorten the hot seat, but the guy we're going to do one of them is a home improvement, right? Well, anybody here own a house that has ever had anything done to it, a roof, a kitchen, a bathroom, raise your hand? This is going to sound phenomenal, like I'm a psychic. Let's say you decide you want to do your kitchen. Did you ever notice after your kitchen looks like 2009, the rest of the house looks like 1960, you think, crap, we better do the bedroom, we better do the carpet, we better do the landscape, we better do the roof, we better do the driveway. Well I just get home improvement people to join venture with one another, certainly on their buyers, but on their non-buyers too because there's this high probability and it's like, duh, somebody else spends all the money to get the lead. They spend the $500 and you can get the goodwill and if they did a good job all the better, if they didn't do a good job it's more a function of their lack of marketing because most craftsmen don't follow. I mean, I basically, we have a concept of about 43 different ways you can power a partner and certainly on the marketing side, but you can do it on the distribution. We buy people's, we never buy businesses, we buy people's buyers, we consolidate them, we show distressed owners how they can make more for letting us consolidate it through our underutilized, when there's over capacity we find ways, if they don't have capital, to find people with under capacity, when there's under capacity we find ways to do it when people don't have a lot of capital, we convert the transaction to a revenue or a profit or an equity or a phantom equity that can be bought out. I mean, I've done a lot of cool things so it's a little bit of a mess. You ought not miss this with unconverted leads, not with customers. A lot of people don't think about that. There's value in everybody else's non-buyers because hardly anybody sells to the majority of their leads, so if they sell to 20% of them there's 80% they paid for that they think at some point is valueless and they're not going to try and get value out of them, but you can certainly get value out of them. Very powerful. Okay, last question for you. What's your business look like now? I mean, I've got... What are you up to? It's like the movie Back to the Future. When I got started, all I did was work on performance or modified performance basis, and then I got seduced into the seminar business quite accidentally. I won't go through the story, but I didn't work for a couple of years and went through divorce and I went back to do a seminar only to codify my thinking because I never really... I was always sort of intuitive and I wanted to see what had made me great and I thought I would sell 20 or 30 people and we sold $25 million the first year for almost nothing and I stayed in that business, but as I get older, my first love is on the front lines of capitalism. I'm basically almost... We've got other people, in fact Rich is doing stuff for us with our body of work. We've licensed people overseas. I'm not doing seminars except this is like a labor love because I really do admire Dan in his work and his mind, but we're really only looking for deal flow now, working with people that are grotesquely but honorably underperforming their potential, but doing well now that they could be doing great and if they do great, we get a share of the revenue or the new profit centers of the increase and that's my first love. So you're taking clients. Yeah. Well, we're long-term profit partners. Okay. Yes, but at very discreet.