That was the first thing that was pretty cool. We ended up building 500,000 clients. We got 25 or 30 million dollars of free advertising. We accidentally forced retail distribution. The company went into drugstores, pharmaceuticals. They sold it to... Now it's been consulted. G.D. Searle out of Chicago. I got displaced. The guy made 50 million dollars and we did it in 19 months from a standing start. I did entrepreneur magazine. It was a pretty interesting concept. When it first started, nobody knew the name entrepreneur. I was the marketing director and this guy, Chase Revell, was running it. It was a high price. It was a magazine formatted approximately $100 a year newsletter or membership journal. The format was very cool. It was about 60 pages a month. It looked like a magazine. Somebody would pay our exorbitant rates we would sell and add. The real concept was it was a vehicle to share a 30 or 40 page, basically a start-up manual for people. It would chronicle whatever the best emerging small, medium-sized business would be for the time. We did salad bars, tune-up shops, yogurt shops. But Chase was not into that kind of a literal thing. He would do these reports and that was it. We realized when we got there that people that came in today had no benefit of all the other reports. People that were interested in a salad bar may realize that there was a higher and better opportunity. Either higher, yield, lower risk because we chronicled risk, investment, who was the best franchiser. We went back to our archives because every month when the magazine, when the journal was no longer timely, if July was done now and we're going into August, it would just go into archive. We took all those reports. We added to them boilerplate material. We turned them into start-up manuals. We sold them for $39. We re-changed our business model. And my new model was that I sold memberships just to cover the overhead of producing reports. We had two campaigns going concurrently every month. One would be to bring in new people just for the membership and we made all our money on the upsell. The second was the upsell of the reports. The second was to sell reports in the outside market. The third thing was I went back and assembled all the reports by category. We called it the Entrepreneurs' Institute. We had low investment business. We had food-related business. We had automotive business. We had low-risk business. We had high-earning potential business. We sold those for a couple of hundred. We had all this media. I'm trying to give you a bunch of things together. We had all this media that we couldn't sell. Just couldn't sell it because it was price-luticulous because we really weren't a magazine. So I would trade it to people for ads for like, I'd go to you and say, I'll trade you an ad and give me $20,000 worth of your materials because we had a seminar business. And you'd say, where do I ship it? And I'd have you ship it to the next conference we were doing and I would sell your stuff in the room and I'd have a zero... I'd have like a 10-cent basis in it. So I did that. And that was very interesting. I did a product called... I was involved in the goal. A lot of people who got introduced to me 20 years ago, I was the... And I'm saying with pride, I just said, the clinical statement, I was the kingpin and the whole investment information business. I did about five things concurrently. I found it in a gold brokerage that was doing all their business, selling in Wall Street Journal ads and all that. And I said, well, that's probably not where most of the gold people are because it was an emerging ideological, economic, sort of conservative trend that was happening back there. And there were a bunch of investment, advisory, economic newsletter writers who couldn't market their way out of a paper bag, but they had an ideology that resonated. And the people that responded were more often in the beginning responding because of the ideology, not because of the marketing. And I said, why aren't all your ads trying to gain trust when there's all these newsletters out there that have trust? Let's get them to endorse us. And I negotiated acknowledged endorsement deals, but not just endorsement deals, strategic endorsement deals, where when you set up, when you became a subscriber, the first thing you would get in the welcome pack, it was a whole collection of stuff about gold and silver and rare coins. And it wasn't just the good. We'd actually interview people who hated it, so it was balanced. Then every quarter we would pay an underwrite doing a special issue of that newsletter that was an interview. We would do all the work, but give total editorial credit to the newsletter editor or the publisher. And they'd send that out. We would sponsor seminars every quarter around the country that we would underwrite and we'd give any profits to them. And we went from a couple thousand to 280,000 buyers, but there was more to it. I looked at the gold business back then. Everybody was basically hit and run, load and leave them. They'd basically sell you as much as they could and you'd never hear from them again. I took a much more enlightened approach. We would start by not letting people buy anything but a modest amount of gold.