Not that kind of jet fuel, but powerful and manageable area by area as well as nationally. And so it creates a tool that can be used on a national level as well as and if you cut it right you can donate it out so it creates leads or it drives into a seminar room. So you run the same show. What's the right point at distributor penetration? And I want to spend the money too soon. No, because we don't have coverage. That's absolutely right. See that's the problem. So that's why that's why you got to get your distributor network in place. So you can't do Limbaugh until the only way you can play that game which is not nearly as effective is you got to drop down to the local by local to the local talk guy who's on immediately after him or immediately before him. No, you could buy Limbaugh. Yeah, but you can't buy Limbaugh as an endorser area by area by area. You can only buy it nationally. So you can buy a slot in Limbaugh and Baltimore. Well, but then you could have Limbaugh do that slot. Won't do it. You won't do it. The money's all the only way you get to endorsement level is if you're a national advertiser. But then go back to the infomercial then you definitely buy infomercial. Yeah, you definitely do that local by local by local. But you these are such great opportunities. You got to you got to be you got to think about how you ramp that distribution up right one way going back to what I said before is to raid the existing direct selling industry because there's a there's a ton of good people out there who are having increasing problems with the product they got. They know how to run a dealership. They know how to run an office. They know how to run manpower. They know how to recruit. They know how to turn out. They know how to do all of that. They have products dying on them. And so you go steal them because they already there. They already got coverage. They can make good money with one sale a week with us. Yeah. Well, the dealer guy is thinks high six figures and three offices and yeah, the rep can make one right money with one sale day. So now you one other question I have in one need we have is is there is any number of financing availabilities for professionals. We can't I can't find it for consumers right now. Welcome to a big problem. I'm looking at starting another enterprise basically for to create consumer financing for financing or something else. What we are just talking about. All right. I'm going to catch you in a minute. Okay. No, I'm going to tell you right now. Nobody has a good five minute answer for you on consumer financing. I have some stuff I'll tell you off but but nobody's got a good answer. Why do you really need that? I mean, it's a $5,000 sale. I think our sales are triple if we had consumer finance. I agree. Well, here's here's my one last last thing because John is like dying to say something. I keep taking this way but and this is like the little bit of fear piece on this whole thing. So like with Dan just said, which is your real big leap rock to this whole thing is just found this whole thing is developing going national media developing leads and having a sales force of place to close the leads. And what I would with that I just said here's sort of like the word of caution slash fear. Okay. Is that if you want to accomplish this, you have to do that because that's your he uses what fuel jet is that the thing I would say leapfrog, you know this. But in order to do this, but a it's going to take that commitment of cash to make that happen. So this is a commitment to cash and then be where this thing often breaks is now you make the commitment of cash to get the leads and then you don't have the sales force in place to close the lead. Okay. So both of those things have to be in place. Now the good news about doing this. If you go to infomercial is you can test a city. Yeah, infomercial. So you don't have to have everything in place everywhere. You just have to have it in place in these two or three, four cities and then and you can test it right there. But if the back end sales force is not there to make you can get all these great leads and then all of a sudden they're not converting, you're gonna blame it on get crappy leads from infomercials, infomercials doesn't work and that's not going to be the problem. The problem is not having the back end sales force. I tell you one place that there's probably a boatload of folks is in the home improvement industry today because there's tons of those guys that are falling out of the way because they can no longer do telemarketing to get their leads. So there's a lots of great home improvement guys out there that would probably be great at this thing. You want to say something, John?