My goal is to get 100 people to submit questions, which means I'll have 100 people in my beta group. So questions start coming through and there are all sorts of stuff. What kind of pipes should I use? Is the pipes going to blow up? All these things start coming in. And after I get 100 or so, I'll stop the advertising campaign if we're paying for it. I'll say, okay, here's all the data of all these people coming through. If you look at that, traditionally, most of these things are going to fit into some groups. So let's say from that, okay, there's 15 of these questions are all about what pipes. So I'm going to say, okay, module number one in my course is how to pick the right pipe, whatever that is, right? Okay, and the next one is maybe they're coming in and they're all about something else. So module number two is about what's the right barrel to chamber volume ratio for a potato gun, which all you guys have that mathematical formula now in the very intro of the expert seeker's book. There's a little sketch with it. That is the mathematical formula in case any of you guys are wondering what it actually is. So if you're making potato guns, now you got it. So I go through and I figure from a hundred questions, I'm going to get somewhere from six, eight modules and that becomes the structure for my book, for my course, for my event, for whatever it is I'm trying to do. But they told me exactly what it was. They said, I want to learn this. I'm like, cool, because I covered that module number one, right? When we come back later, I'm going to sell this. All these questions become like all the sales point for when I'm selling something. Okay, if someone's like, I want to know what's the fastest way to get 100 people to my website. When I do my sales video, my webinar tomorrow, I'm going to be like, okay, the second thing that you learn how to get 100 people, the fastest way to get 100 people to your website. Like I'm using their questions back on them and it becomes so much easier to sell. Like they're telling you what they want. You just take that, rephrase it and you get those people come back in. So that's what an Ask Campaign is. These are something I think you guys should, everybody should be running their business at least quarterly. If you have an active business, if you're beginning, this should be like the main focus to get people in and find out exactly what they want because you can offer them new opportunity. But if they get in there and they're like, ah, there's no CD player in this car and they're going to leave, right? You offer new opportunity. They come in and they're like, oh man, CD player's there. Oh, sunroof's here. How'd you know I wanted all this crap? It's because you told me. So we just gave you that. And then they're in there and then it's exactly what they want. Okay, so we're creating what they actually want. That's what these Ask Campaigns are all about. Any questions about this at all? Pretty simple, pretty easy. All right, so what we're going to do, all right, I'm going to do one more thing and then I'll jump back. So what we're going to do, see something weird over here, hopefully. Okay, so for those of you guys, how many of you guys already currently have an audience on Facebook or Instagram or somewhere? You already have an audience. How many of you guys yet to have an audience right now? Okay, so we've got kind of a little bit of both. So what's going to happen? If you already have an audience, this is a really simple, easy thing to do. John's going to go through, is it three ways? Four ways? Four ways. He's going to go through four ways to run Ask Campaigns through Facebook that are simple and easy and you can run your existing audience. For those who don't, it doesn't matter. You don't have to have an existing audience because you come back through here and this is going to be kind of coming back and day three will go deeper into Dream 100. Keep pushing the wrong button. Sorry, the three buttons on here. So if you take a step back out to your sub market, okay, so like my niche in here is how to make money flipping houses on eBay. I'm going to step back out to the sub market. So I'm going to go to real estate and figure out who are all the different real estate people that can target their audiences to get them to take this Ask Campaign. Okay, so that's kind of the concept. John will walk through the technical, I actually got in Facebook here in a minute. That's kind of the concept. Okay, so what we're going to do now is I want you guys to figure out your question and we're going to kind of workshop this out real quick. The biggest thing I've seen people on mistake is like, what's your number one question about how to make money online? And when you do that, like, you get no responses or crappy ones. It's got to be specific. Like, what's your number one question about how to get more people into your funnel? What's your number one question about your hormones and how they're related to weight loss? So something very specific where people are like, I actually do have a question about that. Okay, so everyone is spend two minutes kind of writing out what's your number one question about this. That'll be either the copy or for the video, for the page, the ad or the libe. But this is the thing is to figure out the question. What's your number one question about and specific enough that it'll be able to get people to actually want to answer. Any questions about that? All right, let's turn some music on in two minutes. Get your question and pop up and then share it around. We'll come back. John's going to be showing you guys some cool Facebook stuff.