Hey everyone, it's Russell Brunson. Welcome back to session number six of the Funnelology Masterclass, the new art and science of funnel building. I hope you've been enjoying all these sessions so far. We've covered a lot of stuff, and hopefully it's helping us really understand these frameworks. I think a lot of times people think this marketing stuff is super complicated or hard or frustrating and it's like, when in all reality, it's simple frameworks. It's just understanding like, oh, here's the framework. Here's how they fit together. Here's what I'm going to focus on. And then inside of there is where you have a chance to kind of weave your products, your services, your art into those frameworks. And so now we're going to be walking you guys through the last framework here inside of the value ladder. So for any of you guys who are just tuning in now for the first time, session number one we talked a lot about the secret formula and hook story offer. Number two, we talked about the value ladder. And then three, four, five, and now six, we're talking about all the funnels coming up to the last, the back end, which are our phone funnels. And phone funnels are fun because if you're looking at how in the world do I sell a 10,000-hour product? People tell me all the time, like, well, Russell, I sell, you know, a 10,000-hour thing or a 100,000-hour consulting or I'm selling big, huge, whatever projects, right? They're too expensive. I guess it's not going to work through a funnel. And I'm like, no, you understand, like, these work perfectly through a funnel. Okay? Every type of thing you're trying to sell will work in a funnel. You just have to be strategic and think about how is this going to work for me? Okay, by for some reason, our default in our brain as humans is to have something come to us and, like, oh, that's not going to work for me. Instead of stopping and saying, well, how could this work for me? And by shifting your question, it shifts everything inside your mind. Literally, like, any company can come to me and within two or three minutes, they'll be like, oh, just do a phone funnel but shift it like this and make it work here. Or do the, like, it's really simple when you start understanding the frameworks. And so if any of you guys are still stuck at this point, you're like, I don't know how this is going to work for me. Just start thinking, like, how can this work? Like, how would I do this funnel? Is there a way I can make this funnel work for me? Like, what would I have to tweak? What changes I have to make? How do I apply my art to this structure to make it so it's actually going to work for me? And that's the magic. That's why I love funnels. They're so much fun because there's, like, the art and the science. They both kind of tie together. And when you do it together, it's fun and you can make a ton of money, obviously, with it. So here's kind of recap. We started at lead funnels, the bottom value ladder. Then session, now session three, session four, we did unboxing funnels. Session five, we did presentation funnels. Now we are at the top of the value ladder inside of our phone funnels. That's what we're going to be hanging out today inside of phone funnels. So, honestly, inside of phone funnels, there's only one funnel that we're really going to show. There's a couple of variations of it, so you'll be able to learn some different ways to do it. But it really is just one pretty simple funnel. And so, inside of phone funnels, what we're going to talk about today is a couple things. Number one, I'm going to talk about a concept called take away selling. This is one of the keys to understand. I'm going to show you guys the case study phone funnel. I'm going to show you guys this two-way joke. And one of those is the case study, or number two is the success story. So take away selling. The best way to explain this is typically when you're selling something, what are you doing? You are chasing after someone, hey, do you want to buy this thing? Do you want to buy this thing? Do you want to buy this thing? You're going after them. Take away selling is where you make an amazing offer and you walk away. This is probably not for you. If you think you want this, let me know, but you're kind of pushing it away. And I think a lot of times selling gets a batter up because it's the used car salesman, the cliche of going out there and trying to pitch you and trying to push you really, really hard. And it's like that way is not the best way to sell. And take away selling is a little bit different. You understand psychology, but it makes it so much more powerful, gives you a better positioning, and it's just better all around. So to kind of put this in perspective, this is, if you rewind probably eight, eight or nine years ago now, I had built up my very first sales company. We had a sales floor. I had 60 full-time sales people. This is a picture from that sales floor. And all these people, what would happen, somebody would buy something online, and then we'd call them on the phone, like, oh, you bought this free DVD, you bought this free book, you bought this CD, whatever. Hey, do you want to buy coaching? And we started selling coaching through this process. We were sales people. We were going after our potential customers and selling them, okay? And took a 60 full-time people to be able to call and generate revenue, okay? Now, fast forward a couple of years after we kind of started this whole process to build up, and it turns out that managing 60 full-time sales people is the nightmare. It's horrible. It's miserable. Don't ever do it, at least not me. And this eventually shut the whole thing down. And I was like, I will never do that again. That was really painful. But the nice thing about it was we were selling five, 10, 15, 25,000-dollar things on the phone. So I saw the value and the power of like, now, if I get someone on the phone, I can sell something way more expensive, okay? Because it's more intimate. I can make a sale one-on-one. I can figure out their exact concerns. I can adjust those concerns. So it was really powerful. But the problem is, like, I had to manage 60 full-time people to do it. And so fast forward a couple of years after, I took like a two or three-year break, we didn't sell anything on the phones. And then we had this idea. So what if we try to figure out a way to build a funnel that would replace all these 60 full-time sales people? What if there's a way to do that? And so we built a sales funnel. Basically, what it did is it created a process where instead of us calling and chasing people to sell them something, it created amazing leads, application leads. They told us all information on their name, their phone number, how much money they make, where they live, what their goals are like. And these leads came to us. It wasn't just like a name, email lead, but a whole full lead where I knew everything about them. I knew their desires, their pain points, and everything. And they were pretty sold on why they should work with me. And so we started creating these application leads. And then instead of having 60 sales guys, I had just two. And what's crazy is after about a year of us testing and refining and perfecting this process, we were able to get to make as much money with two sales people and the sales funnel that we did with 60 full-time sales people before. It was really, really amazing. And so it all comes down to this process of takeaway selling. So let me explain takeaway selling small. Number one is that when you're doing takeaway selling, you are not selling them. They are selling you. That's the shift. So the question then, you guys start asking yourself, is what is the result that your dream customer wants? At the top of the value ladder, they've come through here. We talked about this day number one. You got the bottom value ladder coming up here. Now you're at the top right here. And this is the big result. What is the big result that they want? So for me, if you come into my world, the big result you want is you want to be able to have a funnel that's going to grow your company. For you, it might be I want to lose weight. But in finance, it's better. Like whatever it is, what's the big result that somebody's going to get if they start working with you? So you have to figure out what is that big result? And then the next question you're going to ask yourself is, what is the case study of how you've already achieved that for yourself or for others? My guess is if you're selling this, hopefully you've already done this thing yourself. I've already made a million dollars in a funnel. I've already achieved this thing. I'm going to show you through my value ladder how to get this result. And so the first case is how have you done it for yourself? But the second one is even better. It's how have you done it for others? That's the key to how to make this funnel work. And so the first process I'm going to show you is what we call a case study funnel. So a case study funnel works. It's very simple. It's one of our high ticket funnels. The very first page right here is I'm going to share a case study about how I already got this result or how somebody I worked with got this result because of working with me. So I have the case study right here. If you get through the case study, they watch it. And at the end of the case, they're like, man, I want this same result that he got or the same result that person that they talked about got. And then they click on the apply button. They put the email address. And then the second page is taken over here. They have a long form application. Here's where they're going to apply to actually work with you to help them get this exact same result that you got for yourself and for others. And the third page is the homework page. So this is an example of an old funnel we had. Right here at the very top is a video. And this is a free case study of how this one girl made $89,230 to a tiny list of people in less than three days. So she was one of our clients. And so I made a video that showed her process. Like, hey, she was this person. She had this tiny list. She didn't think it was going to be possible. We sent this funnel. We sent this process. This is what happened. They number one, we did this. They number two, we did this. They number three, we did this. And they're all sitting down this time of money. She made it from that tiny list in three days. If you want to learn how to do this, you want me to help you with this, go apply down below. That was it. Share a case study. Tell them to apply if they want our help doing the same thing inside of their business, inside their own life, whatever it is you're selling. So that's page number one. Okay. Again, they're going to watch the video of the case study. And they're going to apply if they want my help or your help getting that same result. And then we get their email address so we can then follow up them throughout the process.