The Cart Funnel is for e-commerce people. For most people who are selling right now on Shopify, on Amazon, on Etsy, things like that, for the most part this is the funnel you're going to be using. It works, it's magic. I can show you so many of our two comic cup winners who just plugged in their products in these Cart Funnels and they just work. You've got to understand the psychology behind this. Let me walk you through how it works. Here's the Cart Funnel. Once again, it has more than three pages, but that's what we've got on the slides. This looks almost identical to the book funnel. The structure, the framework's the same, but the art that we weave in is a little bit different. That's what you've got to understand. The biggest difference is that, and we talked about over here, I think it's this page right here, in an information business, they get their itch scratched and you're going, what's the next logical thing? That's the logical thing. This is the next logical thing. With Cart Funnels, you're not thinking immediately about the next best thing. You're thinking about how to give these people more at a discount. That's the big thing. I'll show you what I'm talking about here in a second. How to give them more at a discount. Right here, for example, if someone comes here and they buy a flashlight or they buy a supplement, say they bought one of my, back in the day I had a supplement company selling supplements for people diabetic neuropathy. I'd sell a bottle of pills right here and the upsell is like, hey, you just bought a bottle for 65 bucks a bottle. Would you like to have to buy six more bottles at a 30% discount? That's what I'm talking about. It's more of the same thing at a better deal. More at a discount. Just like I showed you this before, Amazon Booksells versus the Funnel Sentient here, this is a company we had a chance to work with called Fiber Fix. When they sell Fiber Fix on Amazon, they're able to spend $12.99 to sell Fiber Fix. We took all the stuff you've learned about in the last couple of days about how to build an offer, how to put things together, how to bundle things together, how to make a funnel. We built this cart funnel and it gave people the ability to make way more money and they were able to grow in Scala's campaign. I'm walking through that here in a second. The first question then is, if I'm doing a cart funnel, what is the thing that goes first? I always talk to e-commerce people. I've got a thousand different skews. I've got 12 skews or all these things. I have e-commerce store, I have a Shopify store, and Amazon store because I send everybody here and they pick what they want. If I'm working on a cart funnel, the first thing I do is I figure out what is the number one selling product that I have? What's the sexiest thing, the best thing? People that most of my customers want. I guess you have to figure out. We had a chance for Marcus Lamonus to go do a funnel for Camping World. I talked to their chief staff on the phone ahead of time that ran their web store and they literally had like 10,000 skews for Camping World. Everything you can dream of. I asked the guy, what's your best selling? He's like this and all these different things. Some things were big RVs, some things were septic tank pumps and just insane all the different things that they had. I was like, oh my gosh, that's a ton of different stuff. I said, well, of everything in your entire store, what's the number one selling product? He kind of laughed. He's like, honestly, I'm like, yeah. He's like, it's this dissolving toilet paper. I was like, are you serious? Yeah, we sell more of that than anything else in the store, volume wise. That's amazing. I was like, I need some more market research. We actually went down to Camping World. We walked to this huge store looking at all this stuff, walking around. The first employee comes up to me like, hey, can I help you? I said, I have a really random question of everything in the store and all the shelves. What's the number one selling thing you have here? They came back and said, well, the number one selling thing of everything we have is our dissolving toilet paper. I was like, are you serious? This is awesome. So I was walking around the store some more and another employee came up. He said, I can help you. I'm like, I got a question for you. I asked the same question. I said, yeah, dissolving toilet paper. Every single person we talked to said dissolving toilet paper was the best product on all the thing. If I'm going to be generating people into a cart funnel, I'm taking the best selling product. So we made this funnel for them and the offer was four rolls of our fastest dissolving toilet paper for free. And this is the funnel that we use for Camping World. So that's the first thing. Look at all the skews we're already selling and figure out what's the best thing you have and you're going to turn that into an offer. So I'm not just going to say, here's a roll of fiber fix. I said, how do I make this a sexy offer? Because I can sell fiber fix. So I bundled it. I said, how do I do this? So we looked for this offer. We said, well, what are all the skews they have? And they said, OK, we've got two inch wrap, four inch wrap, all these things. So I said, OK, how about this? So take three of your one inch fiber fix today. That was their sexiest product still the most. If you buy three of them today, we're going to give you two wraps of two, two wraps of two inch for free and one wrap of four inch for free. OK, so they're going to get five of those things for the price of three. So now it becomes an offer. It's sexy. It's exciting. You can't buy this in Amazon. You can't buy it in their own store. This is the only place to get this offer. Right? No longer is it a product. Now it's not a commodity anymore. Now it's an offer. OK, so it made an offer. That was the first step here. OK? Now the next thing is we do the two step order form. Now a couple of things you can do in here. Two step order form at the top of here, if you look here, you can have people choose different products. So we said, OK, well, you can buy three fiber fix wrapping, you can get three for free, or you can buy six and get six for free. We can buy nine to get nine for free or 12, 15 to 30. So we gave them whole bunch of options to buy more of the same thing in a discount. OK? And by default, the majority of people took that middle route. They bought nine. Now they're spending $74.97 on average as opposed to Amazon. The best case scenario in Amazon is you spend $12.97. We hear the majority of our people now spend $74 on fiber fix before they even get into the cart. Right? Right out of the gate. OK, so we had the product selector up front where we bundled more at a discount. And then down below we had the order form bump. It was like, hey, do you also want to throw in a heat wrap? OK, this is their second best selling skew they had. It's like, hey, this is a special offer for an extra 10 bucks. We'll throw in a heat wrap. Do you want that too? And boom, a huge percent. 30-something percent of people said yes to that as well. So right out of the gate, the majority of people are spending almost $80 before they get into the upsells versus if you go to Amazon, the best case scenario, you spend $12. OK? Do you see how this is all working? So that's happening in page one. Now we go to the upsell. And the upsell, guess what we sell? We don't sell the next best thing yet because we're e-commerce. What we did is we sold more of the same thing at a discount. So the page, if you look at it, says, wait, grab one more starter kit for $20. Today's bought, I think, for $27 on the page earlier. Buy one more for $20. And you get a huge discount. Plus you can get away for gifts for family members. Put these things in your car, in your house, and it's more of a discount. And then you know, at the top of that, there's one more starter kit or two. We gave them two more options. And a huge percent of people now, I think, was like 19 percent of people bought another kit right there. So average car value dramatically increased again. Then the next page, we said, OK, well, now we know what's the next best skew you have. What's the next best thing that people buy? They said, well, next best selling skew we have is this. They said, cool, do they want to buy one or two? And that became episode number two, is they want one or two. After they finished that, I came back and said, OK, what's the next best skew they have? They said, this is the next best thing. So we had that as well. So for this product, we had the order for it, and they had three upsells. And for their product, they were OK with that. And so that was what it worked. And then on the thank you page, we took them what we call an offer wall. It says, thank you so much for your order. By the way, here's other things we have and had skews to all the other products that they sold. And that's an offer wall. It's basically a wall of, like, thanks so much for your order. Here's other stuff we sell. Here's links to all the other funnels we have. You might want to go in and buy other stuff as well. And a huge percent of people buy stuff on the offer wall as well. So that's kind of how it works. OK, let me show you a couple of examples. This is Jamie Cross, who spoke last year's Funalaki Live. This is her funnel, right? On her funnel, she sells body lotion bars up front. And I can't remember exact prices, like $0.70 or something for these lotion bars. So she's the five-minute perfect webinar script. On her video, those of you guys who are at Funalaki Live, you remember that. That's her five-imperfect webinar. Sells the body bar. So that's what the page looks like. OK, notice all the same things we talked about. Video of her doing the motionless sell, logical step down below. You've got the right-hand form over here with a step one credit card. Or she's step one shipping information and step two's credit card. OK, that goes now to step number two. But for her, she's got a product selector. So you can buy one body bar. You can buy three body bars, four body bars, or six body bars. So you have a product selector right there. The majority of people take the second option. So it doubles the order right out of the gate. And down below, she's got an order form bump as well for rush shipping. Boom. Rush shipping for an extra $4. Boom. Increases cart value as well. OK, and then from there, so you get up still. Hey, you just bought this stuff. Do you want to buy some more at a discount? Boom. Buy one or two bottles at a discount. You were paying $30 or whatever. Now it's like $25 at a discount because you're already a customer. So yes or no. And it takes the next page versus like, here's the next best you have, which is this product right here. It's our face lotion bar. Do you want to buy this product? You can buy one or two of them as well. People said yes. And boom, that funnel got her into the Two Comic Club in record time. OK, you see how this works? Works in any kind of e-commerce business as well. This is one of my favorite companies. I've tried like three times to buy it for these guys. Maybe they're watching. They're ClickFunnels members as well. But it's called Soxie. They've got the coolest socks ever. If you're looking at socks I'm wearing, they're usually always Soxie socks. But Soxie.com is the funnel as well. So you come here, you're like, hey, do you want to buy these awesome socks for $6? You're like, yeah, I do. So you buy the socks. It's like, hey, do you want to upsell and buy some more socks? Like, actually, yes, I would buy more socks. It's like, oh, here's an episode. We want another pack of six mystery socks. Like, yeah, that'd be amazing. And then they keep paying you to sell you more socks. The nice thing about socks is that people have two feet. And every day they have to put new socks on it. That's why you keep selling more of the same thing. OK, that's the big fundamental difference between information products and physical products. OK, it's information products. People are going to buy one thing after they're itched or scratched. They're not going to buy another thing. But physical products is different. People have different pairs of socks. They might need five or six different places. Maybe you want to send us gifts or Christmas gift. There's so many different variations. And so, understand that logic of like, it's more of the same. And then what's the next skewed? The next best selling skewed? The next best selling skewed? That's how you do a cart funnel. Does that make sense?