And this is, honestly, for probably five or six years, this is the only type of funnel that I ever did. A lot of these other variations are things that we've kind of developed and pioneered a lot more so over the last five or six years, but the first decade, we pretty much were doing video sales letter funnels and sales letter funnels. And so I want to take a step back in time so you understand where these things came from. Because sometimes we're like, oh, this is the funnel I could just came because some guy was really, really smart and figured it out. And the answer is no. It came from people who were now dead, who were way smarter than us, and we're just basically copying them. If you rewind pre Facebook, pre MySpace, pre Google, pre Internet, back when the way we got all of our communication was either through a phone line or by the postman coming to our house and dropping off letters, this is where this whole concept of sales letters and video sales letters was pioneered. In fact, probably all the way back, actually it's not true. I did some research for the Traffic Seekers book trying to figure out when the first sales letter was ever done. And I don't remember the exact date, but I do remember finding the very first sales letter was basically people who are trying to raise money. So they would send these letters in the mail to try to raise money. And so anyway, so if you look at this image here, the old school sales letters, the way that these would work is that a marketer like me or you would go and they'd rent a list and say, OK, I'm selling a fitness product. I'm going to go find a list of people who bought fitness products in the past, and they'd rent the buyer list, and they'd write a letter, a big old sales letter. It had a headline and then a copy and then a sub headline, more copy, and then the back would have an order form. They'd take the letter, fold it up, put it in the envelope and mail it to people who they knew were probably likely to buy some type of weight loss product. They send that letter out, and the city sent out 1,000 letters to try to get a 2% or 3% response rate, right? So they send 100 out, they get three orders. They get 1,000, they get 30 orders. And that was how the whole game was played, OK? Prior to the internet, that's how direct response marketers made their money. Either they did direct response on radio or on TV or the majority of it was happening through direct mail, OK? And so I don't know about you guys. If you remember getting sales letters like this, you're excited if you just threw them away, but I geeked out on them. My whole journey started back when I was about 11 or 12 years old. If you read the original Dotcom Secrets book, you remember the story in there. But my dad one night was, every night he'd watch the news, and after the news was over, he'd be working doing his business on the side, and he usually made me go to bed. It was a weekend, and for some reason he didn't make me go to bed. I was watching the news with him, and the news ended, and I was waiting for him to tell me to go to bed, and he didn't. I'm like, oh my gosh, this is so cool. And then a few minutes later, MASH came on. You guys remember MASH? It was the next show after the news. Every single night, so the MASH came on. I was like, this is amazing. Like, my parents watched MASH. I've never seen it before, and I remember I didn't really get many of the jokes, but it was just cool to be hanging out with my dad. And then MASH got over, and all of a sudden it flipped over to these infomercials. And the first infomercial was by this guy named Don the Pre, and he was teaching how to make money with tiny little classified ads. So, do you guys remember those ads? If you're not, you can go to YouTube and type Don the Pre, tiny classified ads. You'll see the old infomercials. But these infomercials changed my life. I was sitting there watching, and I was like, oh my gosh. And I still remember the story he told. He said, I placed a classified ad in a newspaper, and I made $30 profit. I told my friends and my family they kind of teased me, and I took that same ad, and I placed it in a thousand newspapers, and I made $30,000 profit. I remember he said that. I was like, what? What freaking out? I'm looking at my dad, who's doing his taxes, whatever he's doing. I'm like, dad, are you paying attention? Like, he's not. I'm like freaking out, and by the time the infomercial was over, I'm like, I am sold. But as a 12-year-old kid, I didn't have the 40 bucks I needed, or a credit card to order this thing. So, I'm freaking out, and I wrote down the phone number and everything. I told my dad, I'm like, dad, we need to get this. And my dad kind of smiled. I was like, okay. And I'm like, no, we have to have this. And he finally told me, he's like, well, I'm not going to buy it for you, but if you want to work for it, you can. So, he made me go out and mow the lawns and do gardening, and for the next six weeks or whatever, I did everything I could to earn my 40 bucks. And I finally got done. I remember, this is kind of a funny side story. I remember I had the phone number I was going to call, but I was like, I remember in the infomercial, I said that if you call in the next five minutes, you get these three other bonuses, and I was like, dad, I have to have those bonuses. So, we can't call right now. We need to get the infomercial again and call it during the infomercial, so I don't miss out on these three bonuses. And I remember sitting there every night with him, I tell him, if it starts playing the ad, come wake me up. Come wake me up, and so a couple nights, one night, it comes in, hey, Russell, they're playing the ad. I'm like, what? I run out there, I get all excited, and we watch. And as soon as the phone number comes out, I call them on the phone, and then I hand it to my dad, and he puts the credit card in, and a week later, I get this kid in the mail, and I'm freaking out, reading all this stuff. And it was awesome. The biggest problem I had as a 12-year-old kid, I didn't have the money to place a class if I had or a product to sell. I had no what to do. But I was obsessed. I got the gist. I remember a couple weeks later, I was with my mom at the grocery store, walking around, and we saw this magazine. It was the Small Business Opportunity magazine, which said, if you buy a magazine, you should always see it there. There's always cartoon faces on, like, how to get rich quick through whatever. And I looked at it, I was like, oh my gosh, I want to get rich quick. So I got it, I'm flipping through, and there's all these ads in there. I'm like, mom, can you please buy this for me? And she was like, you're ridiculous. And finally, she said yes, pays the five bucks, buys the magazine for me. I get home, and I start opening it up, and every single page is an ad for a new way to make money. I was like, how to sell gold chains at the mall to make money. One was how to paint glow-in-the-dark stars on the ceiling to make money for people. Like, all these ideas. And every single one of them had a 1-800 number to go to order a free information kit. So I started calling every single one. Like, literally, I think it was 144-page magazine, and there were four pages of articles and 140 pages of ads. So I called all 140 of them. And what happened is that every single person sent me out their info kit, and then guess what? They sold my name to other director-sponsored marketers, and they sold to other people. And then, soon, I was getting hundreds of letters every single day in the mail, and it was amazing. So I tell you the story because I was like a 12-year-old kid, and I would get these sales letters in the mail. I get it, and I look at the envelope, and the headline, the envelope they'd have, it's when they have a copy on the envelope, like, you open up to learn how to make money at your local mall. I'm like, oh, and I open it, and I pull it out. It's this huge letter. I'd read page one, and page two, and I read every single one of them. And then they'd always have an order form. I'm like, ah. And I remember as I was doing that, there was two buckets. One I read, I'm like, that sounds stupid. One I'd be like, this is the greatest idea of all time. I must make my parents buy credit card to order this kit, and have the two different piles. And so for me, as a 12-year-old dorky kid, I was reading sales letters. I was just obsessed with this thing, right? And a few years after I got into wrestling, and I forgot about selling stuff, and I got obsessed with wrestling, and then I wrestled at BYU. They cut the wrestling program. I went on a mission for two years for my church. After that, I went to Boise State, and I started wrestling at Boise State. And about that time is when I met my beautiful wife. I proposed to her. She said yes, without knowing that I had zero dollars, and no job, and no prospects, because I was wrestling. And we decided to get married about two or three weeks before we got married. I was like, I got to figure out how to pay for stuff, because I have zero dollars. It's funny how these things don't go through your mind as you're proposing and everything. It's just like later, and you're like, huh, how are we going to eat? Anyway. And so I'm sitting there, and that night I see an ad for this How to Get Rich Quick on the Internet thing, and it was like this event is happening local holiday in, which is actually not too far from here. And I was like, oh my gosh, I'm going to get rich on the internet. So I called the number, got the tickets, went to holiday in, and I'm sitting there, and I remember the dude sitting there talking, and he said, he starts showing these things. He said, this is a sales letter. It's like a big, long letter, and it's a web page. It has this huge letter, and when we go and buy ads, we drive people to sales letter, and if one percent of people read it, they buy the product, you make money. And as I'm looking at it, I was like, oh my gosh, this is exactly what everyone was doing with sales letters back when I was a teenager, right? They were finding lists of people who were interested in the topic. They'd write along form sales letter, they'd put it in an envelope, put a stamp on it, mail it to somebody, and hopefully one or two percent of people would buy the thing, and that's when they made money. This same thing, instead of having a print thing, it's just this long website, the sales letter, you drive people who are interested to the sales letter and try to get one or two percent of people to buy. And my mind was just blown. I was like, I already know what they're doing. This is amazing. I started freaking out. And that was where I got started in this business. And from there, I started finding all these websites that long form sales letters, and at first I was always confused by it because I was like, why has this been read this is so long, but then the right sales letters, the ones that had information that I was interested in, I would read 60, 70 pages a copy sometimes. And by the time I got to the bottom, I was like, I must give these people money. Like, I have to, right? I'm so mostly has been sucked into a really good sales letter. And so for the next, man, probably seven or eight years of my business, that was what it was. We were driving long form sales letters. We found a product, created an offer, make a long form sales letter, drive traffic that thing. And that was how we did everything. And this is about the time that YouTube started coming out and people started doing videos. But the problem we do videos in the band was so hard. It was so expensive. Videos were super choppy. And if you had too many videos on a page, the whole page would crash. And it just wasn't like efficient to do videos. So some people were like, oh, yes, this is the future. We're going to make video infomercials. And it never really got to that. But it just took a long time. And I remember a couple of years later, I had this friend named Keith Wellman. And Keith one day had an idea. And he took his long form sales letter and he turned it into a video. But it was crazy. All it was was like a video. You've probably seen some of these before. It was like the first sentence. And then he read it. It was like, hey, guys, welcome to my website. And it showed the second sentence. Over the next three minutes, I'm going to teach you BoA. And then the next sentence, like it basically read the sales letter to you. And I remember watching it. I was like, this is so weird. And it's frustrating. I want to scroll and scan through and see everything. But I couldn't because there's no way to scroll or scan. It was just this video. And it was like sentence after sentence after sentence. And I got so hooked in. I wanted to see what the next sentence was to me. I sat there and I watched this whole thing for like 20, 25 minutes. And when I was done, then he had an order of the link pop open to go sell the product. And I remember watching it. I was like, that was fascinating. Like I couldn't stop watching this thing. And anyway, I messaged Keith. I was like, how's it doing? And he told me, I can't remember the sales. But it was over a million dollars during the Christmas vacations. Like I had no product launched or nothing. I sent an email out to my list for this thing. And people went crazy for it. And from then, after that, people started getting obsessed with video sales letters. And video sales letters at first were just basically a long form sales letter. But instead of like someone reading it, just like, here's the headline. Here's sentence number one. Here's sentence number two. And like the person would read it as it was appearing one sentence at a time. Okay. And they still actually work really effectively. Probably seen a lot of people do it. I haven't done one for a while, but they still work really well. And so for the next, man, probably five or six years, everyone's shifted to video sales letters. There was just video sales letters and no copy whatsoever. There was just video. And that was it. And I think that it was so unique at the time. Like people said, they'd start a video and they're like, I can't believe they watched the whole video. In fact, five or six years like that, those work the best in the world. Now fast forward to today. I've found, and I'm not sure if it's true in every market, but most markets I've dabbled in and played with, it's kind of a blend of both. It's not just a sales letter or just a video. It's a blend of both where there's a video at the top, right? And then the sales letters down below. A lot of times it's the exact same thing word for word, but you have different modalities that people like to learn from, right? They like to listen. So I'm curious for you guys to listen to me now. How many of us right now like to consume things through video like this? Like I just want to watch a video and have someone explain it to me. If you're a video person, you're number one. Okay, number two, if you're something like, I don't like video, I just don't want to read something. I want to scroll through and be able to read and get the bolt points really fast. You're my readers. Who are my readers? Okay, so if you're a video person, type in video down below. Try video. Okay. Now if you're a text person, write text down below. I just want to see like text versus audio. How many of there are? One is the exact same thing here. And then we'll do some looking my scenario when I go through this, I'll put a video and that's when you keep on going. In case you're filling out any question for me. I am eater, then. Over time you'll still get an answer. This is already written. Okay, just tell me for example take a look at the movie, On the basic, I'm going to say The One To The� We Are. This is actually the one to the value comment. Think about it. Like if you would have one, use got to be so down for that miracle on that street. I can say pause, they scroll down, they start reading. And so I like having both. And so most of my videos, sales letters have both elements in it. So there's a very long story to get you to where we are today for video sales letter funnel. So here's what a video sales letter funnel looks like. Again, typically, I'm going to be selling. They're kind of similar to the unboxing funnels, but you notice that the order form is not at the top, because I'm selling something more expensive. So I need more time to explain what it is before I ask somebody for money. With no brainer, low ticket, free plus shipping of $10, $20, $30, what happens is OK to have an order form up high, because it doesn't take a lot for me to convince somebody to buy. If I'm selling a $500 product, I want to make sure I have the presentation pretty close to done before I say, here's what the price is. And so you notice the order form is usually down below, or it's on a separate page. And so this is kind of the structure. There's a video down below that's going to be called a video spoiler box. There's an add to cart button, and down below that, I'll have typically my long form sales letter down below. We have order form bump, and then upsell 1, 2, and thank you. Now, I'm going to go deep into upsell 1, 2, and thank you, those are very similar to what we did in the unboxing funnel. So you haven't watched those videos yet. Go back, watch the unboxing videos, because it's the same concept. If I'm selling information product, my upsells are going to be the next logical thing. If I'm selling physical products, it's going to be more of the same thing at a discount. So that's what you just got to kind of understand. The upsell pages are very almost identical to the unboxing funnels. It's just the video sales letter is the thing that's different in this funnel. So here's an example of video sales letter we did. This is for the old funnel university. We had a head on top, and there's a video of me, and this one I didn't do PowerPoint style. It was me basically doing my presentation, just like I would do a webinar. But this became my webinar, and the entire presentation was here. Okay? So that's how the video sales letter worked. And so because I've been thinking, well, Russell, what do I say inside my video sales letter? So I want to do two things. Number one, I want to go back to presentation number one to kind of touch upon it. The very first session we talked about hook story offer. But number two, if you want to go deep and really understand this, you can study my trainings on the perfect webinar and help you understand exactly how to craft this. Okay? But basically comes back to what I say in the video, you are telling your Pifny Bridge story. Someone's coming to this video, they're just like you, you have to remember this. You have to remember what was the emotional experience you had, what's the Pifny, what's the bridge you had, they got you over here. Okay? And you got to remember no techno babble, you come back and you're telling them your story. Okay? That's the core concept of what's happening there. Okay? Now this is the perfect webinar framework. Okay? I told you guys on session one, there's four core stories, right? The first shot at the big domino is your origin story. So if someone comes to my video, it's like, hey, I'm Russell Brunson, let me tell you my story about why I think funnels are the fastest way for you to grow your company. And I told the origin story about my Pifny Bridge origin story about why I believe that the thing I'm about to offer is the greatest thing in the world. Okay, right? And from there I come down to, okay, what's the vehicle? What are their false beliefs about the vehicle? Now I'm gonna tell them the story, then hopefully gonna trump their story that breaks the false belief they had about the vehicle. Then I move the second part of this, or the secret number two, which is their internal beliefs, like what's the thing, per se, like I believe this is a good thing, I don't think I can do it. Then I tell a story about that, boom. And then the third thing, again, I believe funnels are the greatest thing in the world, I believe I can actually do it, but I can't do something other than drive traffic, right? Or I believe the key does the best diet for me, I believe I can actually do it, but my wife's gonna buy ice cream, and I know, and then I'm gonna fall out of ketosis, and the whole thing's gonna fall apart. The external belief, right? So I tell the third story about the external belief, and from there I move down, I do the stack and the close. Okay, and again, if you've read the expert's secret book, I'm gonna go through any of my perfect webinar training, this is stuff we talk about all the time, so I'm not gonna go deep into it, but it's basically, it's me telling my four core stories, and then making my offer through the stack and the close. That's what I put in here. So I put into this video right here. And then if my story's Trump theirs, that's the sales video, that's the sales letter, if my story's Trump's theirs, it knocks down the big domino, and they become a customer, that's it. So that's the first part of the page, so I have the headline on top, I have the video sales letter, and then below the video, I have what I call a video spoiler box. I tried to give them to call it the Brunson box, but nobody ever does, so if you wanna like, kiss up to me, call it the Brunson box, if you wanna call it what it is, it's a video spoiler box. So the video spoiler box, the goal of the video spoiler box is to get someone who's coming down to see the video, like, oh, I'm gonna watch this, not, and they start kind of going down, and you have this opportunity to grab them before they leave. It's almost like a preview or a trailer in a movie, right? Like, you see the trailer, you're like, okay, I wanna watch that. That's what the video spoiler box is, is to kind of grab them real quick, like, wait, don't bounce on the video, this is where you're gonna learn a video, and hopefully hook them a couple times, so like, oh yeah, I wanna be a part of this video, I wanna watch this, right? So for me, usually, the video spoiler box, I've got four different things here. Number one is the hook, it's a hook, that's inside the video that I'm gonna hook them with, right? So like, in this one, for example, Secret Number One, tiny tweaks can make huge changes. I'm gonna show you four, four of my top split tests that are so simple, and you can use it up in just minutes, that will dramatically increase your conversion. Boom, there's a hook, right? And a story and an offer, like, all these things are in there, like, watch this video, because you're learning this right here. Number two, here's the next hook, boom, not all people buy the same way, here's the story, let me show you the secret step that had before my funnels allowed me to know exactly how to get them to buy, boom, and then the offers, like, go watch the video. Okay, number three, Secret Number Three, there are only three funnels that actually matter, we found that 98% of our income came from just three funnels, if you're focusing on anything else, you're just flushing your money down the toilet. Hook, story, and the video, the offers, go watch the video, right? And then number four here is, what's the next step? Get your 14-day trial membership to funnel, so this is, like, where we're going, hook, story, and then go watch the video for the offer, okay? And so that's the video spoiler box, that gets them to actually go back and, like, ah, I gotta figure out what is number three, what's number two, like, it gets them to go back and consume the actual video, okay? It's crazy to me, like, all the highest converting offers I see online, from the big, huge brands, the big companies, all have video spoiler box, and I almost see nobody in our industry ever use these, which blows my mind, but they work very, very, very, very, very good, okay? So here's the spoiler box, that's step one here inside of the funnel, is that right there? And again, if you're doing a sales letter version underneath the outer carbine, then I have the whole long form version of the sales letter down there, and then from there, the rest of the funnel is the same, same as unboxing funnels, okay? We have an order form bump, we have upsell one, upsell two, and thank you page, where we can send them to the next funnel, or whatever happens in that step, okay? So that is the video sales letter funnel, that's the first type of presentation funnel.