Hey everybody, this is Russell Brunson. Welcome back to module number three of the Funnelology Masterclass, the New Art and Science of Funnel Building. I've had so much fun so far teaching this. And module number one, we talked a lot about the secret formula, which is the whole overarching strategy of business, right? Like, who is your dream customer? Where are they congregating? How do we throw out hooks and bait to grab those people? And then instead of just having a transactional business, how do we take them on a journey of transformation where we can actually change their life? What's the result we want to get to them? Now with session number one, inside of there, we spent a lot of time talking about hook story offer, right? There's so much noise happening inside of our world all the time. How do we hook them, grab their attention, just so we can tell them a story to increase the perceived value? What is it we're going to offer them and to build a relationship with them? And then we make them an offer. Okay, and I'm not talking about a product, okay? It's the commodity we're fighting against the whole bunch of people. How do we create a true offer that's unique, that increases the value of what is that we're offering them as well? And that was the hook story offer session. So that was all in the morning yesterday. In session number two, we started talking about the value ladder and the results. How are we taking somebody on this journey? Where do they go? They're starting a step number one, then going to number two and number three, and we're taking them to their odds, right? The odds is the dream thing that you're able to offer them and how do we take them on this journey? So that was session two, it was all about the value ladder. And inside of the value ladder, I talked about how at each tier of the value ladder, there's different funnels that we use. But then I also talked about the goal is not to create 10 funnels or four funnels or three funnels, the goal is to pick one funnel and one funnel only and focus on until it makes at least a million dollars. After you do the two common club with that one funnel, then you can go and you can transition to funnel number two, either going up the value ladder or down the value ladder. So that's kind of where we're leaving off today. So today, we're going to be jumping into the bottom of the value ladder. I'm going to go through some of the funnels there. Now again, I'm going to be going through over the next few sessions. So we have session three, I'm going through lead funnels, session four, I'm going through unboxing funnel session five, presentation funnel section six is back end phone funnels. So inside of those four presentations, we're covering 10 different types of funnels. And again, I don't want you to get overwhelmed by, I got to create all these funnels. That's not the goal. The goal is if you look at all these 10, when this training is over to be like, okay, that's the one I'm going to execute on first. So right now, this is just really to get your mind to understanding, here are the core types of funnels that are available to me. I've been doing this now, I'm in my, I think my 15th or 16th year doing this. And so I've been geeking out on this for a long, long, long, long time. I funnel hacked thousands of people. I've literally gone through every funnel I've been able to find. I buy everyone's product to see what they look like. And what's interesting is, even though every funnel is different, there's different art, there's different sales pages and videos and things like that, the funnel structure, the frameworks are the same. I would say the majority, almost all funnels fall into one of these 10 different frameworks that I'm going to be sharing with you. So if you can understand them and start seeing them, you're going to start seeing them online. You're like, oh, that's a leave funnel. Oh, that's a survey funnel. Oh, that's a this guy. And you'll be able to start seeing them. Because it's interesting, in fact, even when I wrote the Dotcom Seekers book, I would say the Dotcom Seekers book is the framework, right? It teaches you how to create the structure. So let's say there's a page like this and there's going to be a headline that goes here and there's going to be a video that goes here and there's going to be a box that's got forms here. And then from there, they go to page number two. And this page, there's going to be a headline here and then there's going to be a video here and then there's going to be a thing right here that looks like this. And then there's going to be an order button here. And then from here, there's going to be an upsell video that looks like that. That's the framework. It's the scaffolding. It's the structure, right? And so the whole Dotcom Seekers book and this process of funnology is to teach you guys the funnel, the scaffolding. Because almost every single funnel is the same, right? It's one of these 10 frameworks I'm going to show you. And then what makes them different, though, is this is where you weave your art into it. And that's what the whole Expert Seekers book is about, is how you tell your stories and your own personality and all those things are what you weave inside of here, right? Because my funnel made it like this. Tony Robbins, they all look the same, right? The structure, the scaffolding is the same. Just like in a house, every house, the structure looks the same. This is the kitchen, here's the bathroom. But then the second part is the art. This is where you come in and you're like, oh, I want purple drapes. I want this picture on the wall or whatever, right? This is where it's you telling your story and you with your headline here. And this is where you're weaving in the art inside of the structure. But for you guys, I just want you to understand right now that the structures are simple. They're not difficult. So I'm going to show you guys the structures. I'm going to show you a couple of examples of every single type. And you'll be like, oh, that's the structure. That's the scaffolding, right? And so it's very easy to build a funnel. You're like, this is the scaffolding. This is the structure I need. Now I just got to weave my art, my message, my stories, my videos into that structure. In fact, if you look at any of my funnels, you'll notice really quick that they're almost identical. We don't reinvent the wheel. It's like, OK, we're doing a book funnel. This is what it looks like. Oh, we're doing a cart funnel. Like, the scaffolding doesn't change. It's just the images and the videos and the art that kind of gets weaved into there. So you'll see that as we go through. I just want to kind of stress that again so you're not like, oh, there's so many to think about. Like, no, there's 10. There's 10 blueprints. And you're like, I want to build that one. You grab that blueprint and you're weaving your art into it. It's really simple when it kind of comes down to it. All right. So session number three, we're going to go into lead funnel. So if you come back here to this, this is our value ladder. Again, there's four different tiers we're going to go through in the value ladder over the next four sessions. So the first sessions lead funnels, then unboxing funnels, then presentation funnels, then phone funnels. So as them is moving up the value ladder, the type of funnel we use is different in each phase. The reason why is because of the bottom of the value ladder, remember if you come back to what we talked about yesterday, you've got the value goes right here. There's value. You've got price goes this way. The price is low. So maybe it's a dollar or $10 or something really, really expensive values here. You don't have to have this huge thing to sell it, right? I just got to come in and check. I think you're going to like this, right? So my funnels are really simple down here. Okay. Or I might be a two-page funnel because maybe it's even free. In fact, all the lead funnel, I'm going to show you are free. There's no money ever transacting. So I don't need a whole huge lab funnel to get you to give me your email address. I see a simpler funnel, a lead funnel, where I'm going to get a lead. Okay. As I go up the value ladder and the price of whatever I was going to sell, right now I'm asking for money, my funnel gets a little bit more complex. There's more steps to the process because it's a more complicated sale. Now I'm going to, I'm trying to get you to go run and grab your credit card and come back, pull that out of you all and buy something, right? So because that, my funnel is going to be a little bit different, a little bit more complex because there's more steps to get you to actually to buy something, right? If I'm going to move up now and move up the value ladder where the value is going up, the price is going up. So now I'm selling something maybe it's $1,000 or $2,000 or $5,000. Okay. These phones down here won't work. Okay. So I'm going to make a presentation to sell something. So there's different funnels that work at this level and they're very top and you're going, you know, $25,000, $100,000, million sales. It typically is hard to sell through these other vehicles and so you switch over here to a phone funnel. Okay. And so that's kind of what we're going to be talking about. Now inside of each of these tiers there's different funnels you can use. And so as I explained to you, like the other one is the same thing. So I'm going to go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead and go ahead. And so so as I explained to you, like they all have different reasons, different use cases. Some are like, like, if you're selling a physical product this one's going to work better. If you're selling coaching this will work better. If you're a local business this will work better. Okay. And so it's just kind of like learning them all and seeing the structure and then for yourself and like, okay, what will make the most sense for my business right now? Okay. And so that's kind of how this game is played. That's why it's so important for you to kind of understand these things because when you understand them, then it gets really easy to start using them. Okay. I told somebody in my inter-circle one time, it was Chris Amash, who actually came to and I said, I can talk to them within like 30 seconds. I know exactly what funnel I need to build every single time. Okay, the reason is because I know it's like, it's one of these 10. And I know based on the personality, who they are, what kind of business they're at, like, okay, you're gonna be best at this type of funnel, this type of funnel. Okay, and so unfortunately, I can't talk to every single one of you guys. We had 5,000 on yesterday, I have no idea what you're on today. I can't go and talk to everyone of you guys personally. So the next best thing is I'm gonna spend the next couple hours going through all of these, showing you guys the things, and then kind of give you the pros and the cons and the benefits of each one, and then you gotta kind of use your brain, be like, oh, I think this is the right one for what I'm trying to do. Okay, so that's what the goal here is to help you guys understand, these are the palette of different frameworks you can use. Pick the right one and then you're gonna weave your art, your personality, your voice into those funnels. Okay, so again, this presentation, we're focusing 100% on lead funnels. Inside lead funnels, there's three types of funnels. One is a lead or a squeeze funnel. Number two is a survey funnel, and number three is a summit funnel. So those are the three different funnels I'm gonna dive into today. Now before I go into the specifics of those three different funnels, there's a couple core concepts I need you to understand. And these are things that, it took me about a year in this business before I got it, and as soon as I got this, I was like, oh my gosh, like it just, it changed every, it was one of those like paradigm shifts that shifted my entire mindset for forever. And so I wanna give you guys some of those mindset shifts because when you understand that, you'll see like why are lead funnels essential, why should I spend time there, I'm not actually making any money. Well there's a reason, let me show you kind of what that reason is. So the first concept to understand is that the money is in the list. In any type of business, this is the big secret. The money is in the list. If you look at companies that get sold, like why does the company buy another company? The first time I ever, I was online, I ever saw a company get bought, it's when eBay bought Skype. And I remember looking at eBay at the time was like the biggest company in the world, there were like tons of money, and Skype was blowing up, and I was thinking, I'm like, I bet you eBay could have really simply taken 10 of their developers and built Skype, but instead they spent like, I think two and a half billion dollars to buy Skype. And I was like, why would they do that? I was like, oh my gosh, they're not buying Skype because of technology, right? eBay's got the best developers on planet earth. They're buying it because they want the customer base. I started looking into it, and Skype I believe at the time was adding like, 150,000 new users a day. And so I was like, oh my gosh, eBay's not buying the technology, they can build it, they're buying the customer list. The list is the secret, right? Why did Zuckerberg pay a billion dollars for Instagram? Okay, he could have coded it, Facebook guys are geniuses, right? He bought the customer list, he's buying the people, right? The secret in any business, the money is in the list, okay? When you start understanding this, you start looking at your business differently. The list are the people, it's the names, the names and email addresses of the people who've come to you, right? And so when you look at business through this lens, and understanding like all the money's in the list, it'll change everything for you, okay? Now I want to do some basic marketing math. I had a mentor who told me this when I got started. He said that when you're building your list, you should be able to average $1 per month, per name on your email address list, okay? So that means that let's say you have 1,000 people on your list, you should be able to average at least $1,000 a month. If you had 10,000 people on your list, you should be able to get like 10,000 a month. 100,000 people on your list, 100 grand a month, okay? And so on and so forth. So if you know in your business, like, okay, I want to build a business and I want to, you know, my goal is to make six figures a year, okay? Well, I mean, so you got to focus on getting 10,000 people on your list, that's 10 grand a month, times 12 months, that's $120,000 a year, boom. That should be your focus point. How do I get 10,000 people on my list? If I do that, I'm gonna have a six figure your business. If you're like, no, no, I want a seven figure your business, okay, it's not that hard, look at the math. Can you get 100,000 people on my list? If I do that, that's 10 grand a month, times 12 months, that's $1.2 million a year, okay? Like, there's the metric, okay? So start focusing, how do I build my list? How do I build my list, okay? Now, the honest truth about it is this number of $1 per month per name is actually really, really low. Okay, most of you guys should be able to average a lot more than that. Especially, I know a lot of you guys that are here listening are like local type businesses, right? Where you're a dentist in Boise, Idaho, or you're running Lasik, you know, Lasik in Salt Lake City or whatever it is, right? So it's like, there's no way I'm gonna get 100,000 people on my list, it's not 100,000 people in my hometown, okay? The reality is like, usually local businesses will average anywhere from 10 to 50 to $100 per person per name on their list, okay? Because they're in a local business, they can have a different relationship with them, okay? So there's the direct correlation between how much money you make from your list and your relationship you have with that list, okay? I found people who aren't very good at this and they think about $1 per month per name, per month per name. People who build their relationship, get to know their list, do cool trainings like this, build value, like getting more value will make a lot more money from their list, okay? But as a low bar saying, okay, I'm gonna try to average $1 per month, this is how you do it. And I saw someone actually in our Facebook group yesterday post and they said, well I heard us say $1 per month, like where does that money come from? I have a list of 10,000 people, I'm gonna make it 10 grand a month. It's like it's coming from all these other things. You talking about your funnels here and talking about here and doing trainings and selling products and selling services and becoming an affiliate for other people's products. It's all the things you're doing with that list to create value, to help find solutions and their problems and things like that. That's where the money is coming from, is you communicate with that list. Just having a list doesn't make you any money. Having 10,000 people on a list doesn't do anything. It's learning how to communicate and build a relationship, make offers to those people. All the stuff we talked about yesterday, making a hook, telling a story, making an offering, that's where the money comes from this list. But the secret is the list, okay? When I first was told this, I was like, oh my gosh, this is the greatest thing in the world. I gotta start building a list. In fact, I have kind of a funny story. Some of you guys may have heard me tell the story before, but after somebody explained this to me, I was like, oh my gosh, this is the greatest thing in the world. I just need a list. And so I remember about that time, I didn't know how to get a list. I saw, I was on people's lists. I'm like, okay, somehow people have a list. I need a list. So I started Googling, this is probably 15 years ago. I started Googling how to buy or how to get an email list. And eventually I found this website. I think it was like spamfreeemailaddresses.com or some variation of that. And they sold DVDs with millions of people's email addresses. And they were spam free email addresses. I was like, oh my gosh, this is the secret. If I get an email list of a million people I send an email every single day, I was doing the math, like let's say just 1% of people bought a $20 product and I do the math, like that means I'll make X amount of money. I'm like, oh, what if that's too, what if it's less than 1% and 1% buy? And I do the math on that. And I was sitting there freaking out because I knew how much I thought I was gonna be the richest kid in the world. And so I ended up buying this DVD. Took a couple of weeks for it to show up. And I got it. And it was a big huge Excel file with literally over a million people's names, email addresses. I'm like, this is a secret. I remember telling my wife, I was like, do you know what this is? She's like, I have no idea. I'm like, this is a DVD with a million people's names, email addresses on it. I'm like, and she's like, OK, what does that mean? I'm like, OK, I'm gonna mail a million people. I'm gonna sell them this product. If 1% I do the math, show them how it all works. I'm like, god, I'm freaking out how rich we're gonna be. And I remember telling her that night, I was like, I'm gonna queue this thing up. I'm gonna send us some emails so you can quit your job in the morning. You can be done. She was supporting her jobless wrestler husband at the time. I was like, you can quit your job. She's like, OK, I think, not teasing me, but like, OK, let me know if I can quit my job. So that night, I was on the computer. I got the thing set up. I got the software set up. I got the CD. I put the list on the computer, I queued up the emails. And this is back prior to high speed internet. So the kids may not remember this, but for the adults, you guys remember dial-up modems? So we had a dial-up modem and a phone line, but it was like, you go and use one or the other. So I got everything queued up. Everything was working. I got my car loaded into my computer. I unplugged the phone line. I plugged my modem in. I climbed back out. And I remember sitting there for a minute. I wrote an email. And I clicked Send. And I was just like, now what? I was just like, one email sent, two email sent, three email sent, four, five, six. And I was just like, oh my gosh, this is happening. And I was freaking out like, this is awesome. I remember going to bed that night. I lay in bed and I was like, I can't even sleep. It was like Christmas or even better. What's going to happen in the morning? And again, I'm doing the math on my head. I think I was selling like a 10 or $20 product. I can't remember top of my head. I was doing the math, like how much money would mean. I'm like, if I did this, it means I'm going to be 20 grand. If I did this, it's 50 grand. And all these different scenarios in my head as I'm laying there all excited. And finally, eventually, I passed out. Next morning, I woke up, came back out, looked at the computer. I think it was like 6,800 emails that I'd sent. And I was like, wait, what? 6,800? This is going to take way longer than I thought. All my calculations are getting thrown off. I thought I'd send a million emails overnight. And I'm only at 6,800. I'm like, this is going to take way longer than I think. Doing the math, I think three weeks to send emails out. I'm like, oh, crap, it's going to make less money. That's OK, because right now I'm making $0. So any money will be good. And so email is going to send it out. And my wife comes out. She's getting ready for work. And she's like, hey, I need to call somebody. I'm like, but this is printing money for like week. Like, you don't understand this printing money. And she's like, I need to use the phone. And this is pre-sale phones. I'm like, ah. So I pause the mail, or I claw back out of the desk. I go in there, and I unhook the modem. And I plug back in the phone line. And while I'm still underneath the desk, I hear the phone ring. I'm like, oh, that's weird. So I come back out, and the phone's going to pick it up. And there's some guy on the line screaming at me, and cursing at me. And I'm like, what is, like, I don't know what's happening. And finally, after a few seconds, I realized this is my internet service provider. It was a local company doing my internet service provider. And he's yelling at me about how many spam complaints. Like, the last four hours long, we've gotten like 60 different spam complaints. And I was like, no, no, no, no. You don't understand. Like, I told him, I'm like, there's no way to get spam complaints. I bought spam for email orders. So in fact, you go spamforemailodgers.com. Like, that's what I bought these emails. People want you to send emails to them. That's how they got on the CD, or this DVD. And I still remember his, he kind of paused for a second. He said, that's the definition of spam. And I was like, really? He's like, oh, you can't do that. I'm like, oh. And then he shut down my internet access, and everything fell apart. And I remember, you hang up the phone, and I'm just like, oh, no, I'm dead. And then Clutz like, who is that? I'm like, oh, no one. But don't quit your job yet. Like, go to work today, and just have a good time. I'm still figuring out all the things. I was like, OK. And I remember walking to school that day, and just being totally bummed out. My dreams and visions of retirement were here. Now I have to go back to college and pay attention. So I'm walking to school. I get to my class. I'm sitting there, and listen to teacher talk. And eventually, I snuck out, and went to the computer lab. And I checked my email. And what's crazy is, and I checked my email, I looked in there, and there were a bunch of order notifications. I was like, what? I was like, oh my gosh. I logged in my PayPal account. I logged in my PayPal account. I still remember, every time I logged in my PayPal account, I would be here that day. It always had balance, $0. And I opened it at that time, and it said balance $70. And I was like, oh my gosh. Like, what I did was apparently wrong, and unethical, and even illegal. But it worked. I was like, OK. I got a little taste of success. That was amazing. I got to figure out, because there are people doing this the right way. There's got to be a right way to do it. Like, how do I build a list? And this started me on this journey of learning how to build a list. I met people and mentors, and all sorts of stuff. And from that time forward, that became my focal point, is build a list, build a list, build a list. One of my very first mentors is a guy named Mark Joyner, who's still a huge mentor to this day. And he was the first one that just pounded my mind. Like, no matter what happens, focus on building a list, building a list. Like, that is the secret of business. And it's interesting, because during that time, for those who, for my OGs out there, this is the same time that Google AdSense became Google AdSense. And during that time, what happened is you could throw up a garbage website, throwing some ads on there, and you make six figures a month. Like, I had friends making so much money doing these things. And I'm like, oh my gosh, that is amazing. You do nothing, and you make tons of money. And Mark was like, no, that's a flash in the pan. It's going to disappear. Folks, I'm building a list. I'm like, but they're making tons of money doing nothing. He's like, I know, that's going to go away. Folks, I'm building a list. I'm like, I'm like, the teenage kids are angry at their dad. Like, fine, I'm going to build my list. Like, over here, I start building my list. And sure enough, I watched a whole group of friends make insane amounts of money. And then overnight, Google slapped, and AdSense program disappeared the way that it was. There's still AdSense nowadays, but it's not like it was. For those who remember. And most of those guys never recovered, never came back into business. And I was over here on the side building my list. And that list is why I have a business today. I've been in business now 15 years, all focusing on the same thing of building a list, building a list, building a list. I've had times where things are great. I've had times where I should have gone through bankruptcy because of stupid decisions I made, because of market shifts, all sorts of stuff, where literally, I'm meeting with a bankruptcy lawyer on the way home from the bankruptcy lawyer. I'm like, I'm going to send an email to my list. I created an offer. They gave a hook, tell a story, write an offer, send an email out, and boom, that day comes in $250,000 in sales. I'm like, huh, I don't have to go bankrupt. The list just funded it for me. So the list has saved me more times than anything, but it is the asset. It is the most valuable and valuable important part of your entire business. So if you had nothing else out of this entire funnilology session, understand the value of your businesses in the list. There are people that could probably clone click funnels. Why are we so valuable as a company? We have 100,000 customers using our platform. That's the value. We've got, I don't know, 2 and 1 half, 3 million people on our email list. We've got all the social file. The lists are the value in our company. Do you guys understand that? More you understand, the better you start saying, oh my gosh, I should be focusing on building a list. I should be using lead funnels. This is not something where I'm throwing money away, something where I'm building an asset that'll pay me for the rest of my life. I was thinking about this in relation to real estate. Somebody will go and they'll spend $0.5 million buying a home, cleaning it up, flip it, getting it already, getting renters, and they're getting property management companies, and they spend $500,000 in investment to get a rent, hopefully this house cash flows them $2,000 or $3,000 or $200,000 a month or $5,000 a month. I'm like, god, you spent $500,000 for $1,000 a month. What if you came back and look at our average person, like what if you spent on Facebook ads? Let's say Facebook ads are $3 to get a lead. $3 to get a lead, you have 1,000 people on your list, they're making $3,000 a month. That's way easier than spending $500,000 in house and hopefully cash flowing $1,000 a month. It's just like the best investment opportunity of our generation, of our lifetime, is focusing on building your own customer list. So there's the rant, I hope you have it, it makes sense for you guys. So I started going on this journey learning about list building. It was in the early days before how we build this nowadays, back when people were using these things. You remember these? You go to a website and you see a pop-up, a pop-up like, congratulations, you just won something amazing, give me your email address and I'll tell you how to claim it. And it was really annoying. And pop-ups would come up and then, but they worked really good. Marketers started putting pop-ups on things and they started building lists. And they're like, oh my gosh, this list building is so easy, I put pop-ups on places. And then companies started selling pop-ups. You're like, I want to pop-ups show up on 100,000 websites or a million websites. I still remember to this day buying pop-up impressions. Some of you guys don't remember these days, but it was amazing. You're like, I want to buy pop-ups on these types of websites, you write them and check, and all of a sudden your pop-up's popping up all over the place and people are opting in. It was the greatest thing in the world. It was so easy to build a list. So I built my list this way, it's really, really fun. And then the people selling pop-up ads were like, wait a minute, if I can sell one pop-up, what if I sold two? It's all of a sudden you got a page and there are like two people seeing this pop-up and they're like, oh, that worked. I got made twice as much money. If I can sell two, what if I sell three, what if I sell three, I can sell four. Eventually you go to site, you guys remember this? Like 10 things would pop up and you're like, this is insanity, I just want to see the thing behind all these people yelling at me. And so Internet Explorer at the time got annoyed and they created pop-up blockers. Boom, killed all the pop-ups. And for a season there, everyone was like, the internet's dead, we missed the burst, we can't be able to list anymore, it's impossible. And then there were some really smart dudes, I don't know who, I've heard four or five people claim that they invented it, I don't know who, but grateful that they did. They said, what if instead of coming to a website and showing a pop-up, what if we took the pop-up and that became the thing that we drove everybody to? They're like, what? Like, yeah, like literally we take the pop-up and then that's what the page is. And all the ads drive the pop-up, someone gives us an email, I just, then they get taken to the page, they want to go see. And be like, there's no way that would work. Like let's just test it. People started doing this and shifting around this flow and oh my gosh, it worked. And this was back when they started calling these things gateway pages or squeeze pages or landing pages. There's different names for it. Basically a page that generates a lead and then takes you somewhere. And for the next decade of my life, after I've learned about these, we started doing them like crazy. So this is what a squeeze page looks like. You go and you buy ads, you drive traffic, you send them to a page, it says, hey, get your free blah. Give me your email address, I'm gonna give you something. There's an offer here, give me your email address, I'll give you this, I'll give you information, I'm gonna give you a summit, I'm gonna give you a report, a new book, a video, whatever it is, and you trade. You're making an offer, I'll give you email address for this. They come through and then people come to your website. Now what's interesting is that the big fear people have initially is like, well if I do this and the second 30% of people give me that email address, I mean 70% of people never saw the actual webpage. But they said yeah, but those 30 people did come through, now you have the ability to follow up with them. You can send them email, email one, email two, and keep bringing them back. Now they're on your list and that person makes you money for forever. And after doing a millions test for the most part, this almost always won. Now the cool thing too today is also because of retargeting and other things like that, even like the 70 people who don't opt in, then you can follow them around with ads and keep pulling them back and retargeting has made this process even more powerful. So that's basically the concept, okay? So that's list building, that's squeeze page, like some of the core fundamentals you guys understand before we jump into these three funnels. All right, so here are the three funnels I'm gonna talk about. The lead funnel, the survey funnel, and the summit funnel. The goal of all three of these types of funnels are to generate leads, okay? For the most part, you don't make any money in these funnels, you just generate leads. In fact, a lot of times you lose money initially. That's okay, I'm gonna show you how we take someone who we lose money here and then we send them up to the next level and we actually make money here. I'll kinda show you guys how it fits in these funnels. But that's the goal of lead funnels. Not so much to make money, but to generate leads to build a list. And that's the secret of internet marketing as you now know. Okay, so let's jump into these. So funnel number one is called our lead or our squeeze funnel, okay? And people call it squeeze, because they would call it squeeze because someone's coming through this page and you're squeezing their email address from them. So people call it lead squeeze or squeeze funnel or just lead funnel. There's a lot of different names in the industry. That's kinda what it is, okay? All right, so a lead funnel is very simple. There's basically two pages. Page number one, somebody comes and you're gonna give them what we call a lead magnet. The lead magnet is the offer, okay? If you give me your email address, I'll give you this thing, okay? And the sexier your offer is, the more likely someone's gonna go and give it to you, right? It's a lead magnet. It draws the lead magnet to you and they're like, oh, I want that thing, cool, I'll give it to you. Just give me your email address, okay? You guys have seen this a million times. It's not something new to you, right? But like you're on Facebook and like, hey, get it for report. You click on it, it takes you to the page, like give me your email address, I'll give you the report. Here's the lead magnet. That lead magnet got you from Facebook, got you to my landing page and now it's gonna give me your email address, right? That's what we call the lead magnet. I'll talk about those here in a little bit. The first page is the giveaway lead magnet and the second page, you give them the lead magnet. Thank you for giving me your email address. Here's the thing you just asked for, okay? It's very simple, two pages. Okay, you can build these in like 30 seconds. In fact, I'm gonna show you guys our number one squeeze page, our number one lead funnel right now. It's generated over a quarter million leads in the last year. I built it in less than 10 minutes and you're like, that's not possible Russell, I'm gonna show it to you and you're like, oh my gosh, that is the ugliest, simplest thing ever. Quarter million leads. Give myself a quarter million dollar a month raise just from this one lead funnel, super simple. Okay, the first squeeze page I ever saw was from a guy named Evan Pagan. His pen name at the time was David D'Angelo. He owned a company called Double Your Dating. And this was the very first one I had ever personally seen. Okay, I remember seeing this, I was like, this is the weirdest thing I've ever seen. And I read it and said, you're about to learn the secrets that most men will never know about women. Inside, you're gonna learn the kiss test. How to tell if she's ready to be kissed. They've never seen men and women think about dating and has big, bold lists of stuff you're gonna learn. So that's the lead magnet. Give me your email address, I'm gonna teach you the kiss test. Okay, I remember seeing that and I was a bunch of marketing seminars back a decade ago, people were talking like, do you see Evan Pagan's doing? Do you see his lead page? And like, we'd go to his squeeze page and we'd go to there and I was like, this is so crazy. And remember looking at it, I was like, I wanna know what's on the other side of that page. But I had just gotten married to my beautiful wife, Collette. And I was like, if I put my name and email address in here, I'm gonna get emails about how to pick up ladies. And my wife's gonna see these and she's gonna be like, what are you researching online? So remember, I came in probably a dozen times, I was like, I need to opt in but I'm scared to put my email address in. And so I remember asking, actually showing her my K-Collette, this is a marketing experiment, this is a guy, I don't, I love you, I don't wanna date anyone else ever, but I need to see what's behind this page. So she was like, you okay if I put my email address in? And she's like, yeah, that's weird. I'm like, okay, cool. So I put my email address in and what's crazy is I didn't, again, I didn't know what's gonna be on the next page. I thought maybe it's like a 25 page report or a big PDF or a video series or something. And what was on the other page was so simple. On the second page, it took you to this little paragraph here that explained the kiss test. This was the lead magnet, okay? And basically what it says, it said, when you go to the doorstep of the girl, you walk up the doorstep and you talk to her really closely and you go and you try to put her, like if her hair comes down or something, you go through your hand and try to put your hair either behind her hair or behind her ear or behind her, whatever, right? So you reach up and you do that. And so what's gonna happen is one of two things, okay? If the girl kind of pulls back a little bit, it means we're like a board, do not kiss her, she does not wanna be kissed, okay? If she goes like this and she turns into you, that means she's ready to be kissed. You go from there, boom, and apparently that's how you do it. I don't know, that was before my time. I was already married at this point, so I haven't had a chance to test it, but apparently that's how it works, okay? But that was it, it was a paragraph where he explains the kiss test, that was it, okay? At the time, I remember back a decade ago, this company was doing $20 million a year and that was where they drove 100% of traffic was to this page right here, and the next page said here's the kiss test, and then if you read the rest of the paragraph, it's like if you think that's good, we have a whole e-book called W-8, click on the link down below to buy the e-book. That was it, that was the business model, okay? Generate a lead, give them the lead magnet, push them to the next funnel, push them to the next step in the value ladder, okay? So the lead funnel was very simple. Give me an email address, I'll give you the kiss test, boom, here's the kiss test, at the end of that page, if you think this is good, click here to go up here to my unboxing funnel where you can buy my e-book, showing you guys how to double your dating. Boom, did you guys get it? So simple, it's so powerful, okay? So let me show you how it works. This is a very simple lead funnel from Brian Rand. Brian Rand's got like the most simple, clean design, I love his stuff, anyway. So this is an example, right? He created this little PDF called the Going Pro Manifesto, step number one, he creates the lead magnet, step number two, he trades it for the email address, okay? Very simple, so there's page number one, then a couple of things on this, again, simplicity, the more simple your landing pages are, the better, okay? If you try to get people a million bells and whistles and options and opportunities and flashing gifts and links and everything, it's gonna destroy everything, right? You notice there's no logo, there's no menu bar, there's no nothing, right? It's, here's the offer, here's what it looks like, give me an email address, that's it, okay, it's simple. It gives curiosity, okay? Every time I have a landing page that like, the conversions are low, the more I just increase the curiosity, the better, okay? So the headline, like, they're right now, download for free now, change of business forever, like that's not super curiosity-based, I might change to something like, download the Going Pro Manifesto to find out how to go from blank to blank without doing blank, right? Something like that, and like, also that cranks up the curiosity, which increases conversion, more people will want that thing, because they're like, ah, what is it I need to know, okay? And it's the third step, is it tells them what to do, okay? It says download thing, enter email address down below, okay, it's not just leaving it to their own imagination, it tells them specifically, enter your email address down below, discover the proven principles I used to blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, right, tells them go do this, put your email address in, don't assume people will know to do that, as much as you would assume people would know to do that, tell them what to do, okay? Okay, then page number two is basically you give them the lead magnus ask for, okay? So after someone opts in, Brian's page comes here, download the Manifesto, boom, and then notice down below, so that's step number two, boom, click here, and then step number two takes them to the next page, to the next funnel in the value ladder, okay? That is the game, okay, so this is how it works, really simple, page number one, the lead magnet, page number two, thank you so much for opting in, here's the thing you just asked for, step number two, now click here, and then that takes them to page, it says funnel number two in the value ladder, okay? So here's Brian's as a whole, boom, squeeze page, thank you page, boom, here's page number one of, this is his book funnel in the value ladder, okay? Do you see how this works? It's called funnel stacking, this is like me geeking out, I could go so deep here, but we'll get deeper as we keep going on, okay? They come in here, get the lead, ascend to the next step, okay? I want you to understand as we go through every single one of these, you're gonna notice that when this one ends, you send it here, when this one ends, you send here, like the sentience happening inside every single one of the funnels, okay, as you'll see here, okay? This right here, how many of you guys have seen this funnel, okay, the marketing secrets black book? This is the one that took me like three minutes to create the entire funnel, I literally wrote a headline, took a picture, used a ClickFone template, wrote a sub headline, done, okay? They opt in for the marketing secrets black book, in fact, if you go to marketingsecrets.com slash black book, you can see it, it's there, we try to add to it, this page says thank you so much for opting in, download here, right? Over the last, I just ran the stats last night to see how, see this checks out, inside ClickFones, here's the stats, in the last 12 months, this page gets 51.62% of people who land here, so more than half people who land here, give me that email address, which is crazy, it's generated 272,327 leads, it's over a quarter million leads, okay, now if I was only averaging $1 per month, that's an extra quarter million dollars a month raised, I just gave myself, okay, times 12 months, what's that, six million, wait, one, two, four, three million, three million dollars, that's the five, it's only getting a dollar per month, and we get way more than one dollar per month more leads, okay, so like just this one little funnel, it's so simple, it's generated leads that equals the equivalent of probably anywhere, from five to 10 million dollars in revenue, back here is we're telling people to go to next step, and next step, and next step, okay, three minutes to build this funnel, what if you went really hardcore and spent 10 minutes doing it, or 20 minutes, right, like lead funnels are so simple and so powerful, you don't have at least one, like, like there's a question, right, maybe you should be looking at creating one, all right, so here's an example, on ours we also add in this third step here, so number one, they opt in, number two, gives the download, down here it says, hey, thanks so much for opting in, step number two is go join the challenge, they click that button right there, and boom, it sends them right here to our challenge funnel, where now they sign up for the one funnel way challenge, okay, and this funnel literally gets hundreds of people every single week to join our challenge, okay, here's another example of once in our cookbook, okay, they come here, download the free cookbook, click the button, it pops up, they put the email address in, then boom, takes them over here, where we sell them a physical copy of the book, and we also upsell and move them to the next tier of the value ladder to get click funnels from there, okay, there's another example of one of our lead funnels, here's another example of ours, I wanted Jim Edwards and I do a funnel Friday YouTube channel, YouTube show, and I was like, we should build leads specifically for this YouTube show, so we made a very simple page, this is almost too complex, and the conversions aren't nearly as high because of it, so I'll probably need to make a simpler version, but they come here, they watch the video, they give us email address, boom, then it takes them to the page, where they can actually go watch our episode of the funnel Fridays, and then now we have this list, so every time we do a new funnel Fridays, excuse me, we email the list, it gets people to show up funnel Fridays, which boosts our YouTube viewers, our YouTube comments, our YouTube account, which makes the video go more viral inside of YouTube, but it does so many good things, but then notice, they watch the video, and then down below it's like, hey, step one, get your click funnel accounts, step two, get your funnel scripts account, boom, it sends them to step number two, okay, so there's an example of how we use it to build funnel Fridays, okay, this is our other YouTube channel, Funnel Hacker TV, which is the same thing, okay, they came right here, it gave us the email address, the email address to be able to get access to two unique secret videos, okay, if you go to funnelhacker.tv, I think you can see this funnel here, they give us the email address, boom, it takes them, and they get two of these amazing videos, they opt in, now we have them on YouTube, and then inside the YouTube videos is where we send them up to the next tier, the value ladder, okay, this right here, I was looking at digital marketer, they have some of my favorite things, Ryan and Perry have been friends for, man, a decade and a half now, they do some amazing landing pages, and squeeze pages and funnels like this, this is one of the ultimate social media swipe file, opt in, where you can send you copy and paste headline formulas to get more clicks with Facebook, Twitter, and your own blog, it's a PDF with 72 headlines, that's it, they opt in, gives it to them the next page, they give you the thing, and that says, oh, by the way, you should buy our social selling system for seven bucks, so they opt in for the free swipe file, boom, takes them down to the next page inside of the value ladder, starts moving them up, okay, this is Kaylin Pull and Lady Boss, inside of our community, you guys all love Kaylin, you love Lady Boss, this is one of theirs, this is their free weight loss kickstart, you come here, you put your email address in, you get the free weight loss kickstart, boom, from there it moves you over, where now she sells you on her app and her eating program, okay, and then from there, which is the next here, and here they send you just supplements, and there's a coaching, and they move you up the value ladder, they're some of the best students I've ever seen of all time, they model things perfectly, and they are amazing, because they have a company that's doing tens of millions of dollars, and this is how it all starts, starts the lead funnel, give away the free weight loss kickstart, and then start sending them up the value ladder from there, okay, this is Karit, these guys are my inner circle as well, I just love this page, it's super simple, here's the top performing PPC keywords for motivated house sellers, give this PPC guy plus keywords, it's just a list of keywords, they opt in, boom gives the keywords, and then drops them directly into their product launch funnel, okay, we'll talk about product launch funnels tomorrow, it's up here, they go from lead funnel right here, boom directly into their product launch funnel, okay, but see how simple and easy it is, very cool, and this is one of the things I want to add, this is called the reverse squeeze page, I'm showing this as an example, because a reverse squeeze page is basically, typically with most squeeze pages, you want to make them as simple and curiosity as the basis possible, it gives this ability to get the most leads possible, some businesses, you don't want insane amounts of leads, right, like let's say you're a local dentist, you probably don't want 5,000 leads a day coming into your funnel, right, you want to be able to qualify leads better, so reverse squeeze page gives you the ability to qualify leads, you will get less leads as people come through, but the quality leads will get higher, so what happens here is, they come here, they come here, they see the headline, they watch the video, on the video I spend three to five minutes explaining what the lead magnet is, okay, and then from there, I get people to put the email address in down below, and again, that barrier, then watching a two minute video will dramatically decrease how many leads you get, but the quality ones who come through the other end will dramatically increase, okay, so if your business is like, I want less leads, or I also want higher quality leads, then I recommend doing reverse squeeze pages, basically, you're pitching them up front, you're spending time on video, explaining what the thing is, first, which again, will lower the number of leads, but dramatically increase the quality of the leads that come through, so that's what reverse squeeze pages is, if you ever hear me talk about it or somebody else, it's just simply a squeeze page that you're selling up front, and explaining more what it is, so it has a barrier in getting people to come in, okay, so now some of you guys are like, this is amazing, Russell, but like, I'm not a creative lead magnet, well, how do I do it? Well, I'm gonna show you how simple it can be, this is Brendan Bruchard's one page productivity planner, this is one of his front and lead funnels, and it's simple, it's literally one page, okay, it's a piece of paper, one piece of paper, okay, if you want his one page productivity planner, you go here, you put your email address in, and then the next page, he gives you the productivity planner, and then he sends you to the next funnel, his value ladder, okay, so I want you to think of it, it can be as simple as that, it doesn't have to be like my black book I created, it's this huge, long project, but I am intense, I've got a staff of almost 500 or almost 400 people here, I'm gonna do crazy stuff, for a lot of you guys, you don't have the staff or the team, or the manpower, it doesn't matter, you don't need that, it doesn't have to be complex, it has to be something that's sexy, it's exciting, a one page productivity planner used by CEOs and achievers worldwide is sexy, right, 70 headlines is sexy, 500 top keywords are sexy, you're looking for something simple and easy that someone's gonna be excited for, okay, yesterday, during module number one, we talked about creating offers, right, we talked about having a potential, a board of all the potential products you could possibly create, okay, when I do that, I start looking at that board, and like, here's all the potential products, which one of these things is like the sexy, I could take that thing that's already been created, or it might create, and make that the thing I give away on the landing page, okay, so that's kind of what I'm looking for when I do stuff like that, okay, so start thinking about like, what do you have that you can give away as a lead magnet, okay, could you refer to a report, some white papers, a free video, a lot of times, the thing I'm giving away is the video they're watching on the next page, which might be the sales video from right here, okay, maybe it's a free workshop, which could be, you know, the next piece, or whatever it might be, coupons, okay, local business owners, like, well, how do I use these lead funnel, Russell, well, give away a coupon, give away 10% discount, give away a special night, you know, for people in your local community, give away a lunch seminar, like the whole bunch of things you can do there, okay, coupons work great for local businesses, service-based businesses, anyway, you're looking for access for something awesome, okay, information products are usually the simplest way, in fact, for most companies, no matter what you're doing, I still create some kind of information product because they're simple to make, they're free to deliver, and the perceived value of them is very, very high, software, if you can create a simple software program, another way to make an amazing, insane lead magnet as well, okay, so that is the funnel number one, which is the lead or squeeze funnel, okay, you guys ready to move on to funnel number two? Okay, funnel number two is very powerful, it's a little bit more complicated, but there's a time and a purpose for this as well, if you're just getting started, I wouldn't start with this funnel, but this is one as you're growing can do amazing things for you, so it's called the survey funnel, so this is how a survey funnel works, in fact, yeah, I'll just show you on the slides, our survey funnel is three pages, actually it has more than three pages, I messed up there, so this is the survey funnel, so on the first page of survey funnel, you're gonna have a survey, then from there, the goal of the survey is basically this, I'm gonna write this down, the reason why survey funnels work great is that the product that we're selling has multiple different markets that may want it, right? So let's say I'm selling, whatever, let's say I have a course, right? Let's say the course I'm selling is for, it could be for, let's say it's for married people, right? So maybe it's for married people, but it also could be really good for people who are dating, or maybe it's also really good for parents who are married or no kids, and this one's great for with kids or whatever, right? So different segments that could want your product, right? But sometimes I sell you the product, and I'm pitching you, and I have a whole sales video and training where I explain to you why this is such a great thing to do as you're dating, you're like, well, I'm already married, I don't need to buy this product. You're like, oh, well, it works for you too if you are dating, but you've been pitching me on all the benefits of this, and you said it's really great for you, even though kids might actually have kids, like, well, it works for everyone. All of a sudden you're like, it's hard to sell through a funnel, right? And there's like different segments of people you're talking to. You can't have the same problem with click funnels, it's like, something comes in my world, and they're like, how do I use a funnel? Well, what kind of business do you have? Like, well, I'm an author, speaker, coach, okay, cool. Well, if you're an author, this is how the funnel's I would use, and then someone else is like, well, that's cool, but I'm a network marketing. Oh, well, if you're network marketing, here's the funnel you should use. And someone else is like, well, I'm a local business. Like, oh, cool, if you're a local business, and so there's different segments of the market that I have. And so if I have one funnel speaking, all of them, it can be really, really difficult to be able to explain to all of them how this works for them specifically. Does that make sense? So that's where survey funnel comes in place. Where basically you have this page right here in the middle where you ask some questions. You say, okay, let me ask you some questions. You know, what kind of business do you have? How many employees do you have? What do you do? And you ask them a survey with a bunch of different questions, and from that survey, you're able to figure out, are there this kind of person, this kind of person, this kind of person? Okay, so the survey goes through, and by the time it's done, you figure out, okay, this person's a network marketer. So then you redirect them directly to this page. We're like, oh, this person's an infant, is a coach, and I'm gonna redirect to this page. Oh, this person is something else, you redirect to this page. Because that's basically the process of a survey funnel. Figure out, of all the traffic you're driving, who is every single person, and then figure out, okay, this is who they are, now go take them to pages specifically sales to that type of person. Okay, and that's the value in this. So like I said, to begin with, it takes a lot of time to put some of this together, but after you have it, it's amazing, because now you can speak specifically to each person, each customer segment you have, in a way that sells specifically to them. Okay? All right, so let me just kind of walk you through how this funnel, how this funnel works. So this is the old ClickFunnels homepage. We ran this for over a year, and the survey's still on the homepage, it's just down a little bit lower. But for a year, this was our page, because people always ask me, what kind of funnel worked for my business? So we had the whole top block here, be like, okay, ClickFunnels gives you everything you need, let us know what kind of company you have, and we'll be able to tell you which funnel is best for your specific business, okay? And we figured out these are the different segments we had. We had agencies, information product people, e-commerce, coaching, consulting, network marketing, local businesses, so we had all these different people here, right? So somebody would come to that, and they filled out the first step of the survey, and then there's the second question, the third question, fourth question, and we asked a bunch of questions. Okay, now when you're doing a survey like this, typically there's one question, and Ryan Levesque wrote a book called Ask, that kind of teaches this methodology, it's really good. And in his book he talked about, every time you survey like this, there's one question that's the bucket question. And the bucket question is the question to let you know which bucket to put somebody into, okay? And so while I'm asking a bunch of questions, the only one I really care about is my bucket question. The bucket question identifies who they are. The other question is about getting them to engage, and you can think about it, about themselves and their business, and then one question, someone on that survey, is your bucket question. Okay, so you can build these really simply inside of click funnels, obviously, and in there you identify, this is my bucket question, and then based on the bucket question, where do you redirect them to, okay? So they come in here, they answer a bunch of questions, after we've figured it out, then we have a page right here, and this is the little flashing gift, it's like, we are searching for your profile, bloop, bloop, bloop, bloop, bloop, and then it pops out, oh, based on who you are, here you go, here, if you're a network marketer, like this one will pop up. If you say that you're a nonprofit, this one's gonna show up, if you're selling information product, this one's gonna show up, okay? And so, and we've got 10 different variations of this, but based on who the survey tells us you are, you go down to these pages, you then put your email address in, and you put on a specific email list for that segment, now I'm able to send follow-up emails specifically for network markers, specifically for local business, specifically for nonprofits, right? Think of the email sequences, and then after you put email address, and then it redirects you to a sales page, that's specifically for them, okay? So if you're a network marketer, you're gonna get an email sequence about network marketing, and you go down to this page right here, and then there's a guy named Mendy Manny talking about how they use funnels for the network marketing business, okay? If you are a local business, you're gonna pop out, you're gonna see Yanni's video right here, and this is Yanni, who's a painter, talking about how he uses funnels for his painting business, okay? And if you're selling information products, boom, you see Natalie's video talking about how Natalie uses information products, and funnels for information products, right? And we did 10 different variations of this. Okay, so that's kind of how it works. So if you walk through, here's the survey, finally come here, then they go through survey, they answer a bunch of questions, we figure out which bucket they fall into, and based on the bucket, you see one of these landing pages, one of these squeeze pages, but the email address is in, and then boom, they're taken directly to the sales page that speaks specifically to who that person is. That's the magic of a quiz funnel. Do you see how this works? Okay, these are, again, they're simple, but man, they're simple in thought. It takes a while, because for us, we had to write 10 different sales letters, but if you got 10 different email sequences, like it takes a long time. In fact, inside of our company, when we started this project, we called it Project Mother Funnel, because it was such a big project, and so we created the whole thing out, but that's kind of what it is and what it became. So that's how a survey funnel works. So if you start thinking about, as my company's growing, I have more time and energy and resources to be able to create something like this, like what are the different customer segments I need to speak to, right? And then from there, you can create special sales messages specifically for each one. They opt in here, if you come back to this page right here, right? The lead funnel's down here, they opt in, and then for us, as soon as they identify which one they're in, then boom, they're moved into a presentation funnel, and we always sell them on the benefits of click funnels. Okay? All right, so that's how a survey funnel works. Here's another one, this is one of my favorite ones, this is an acidity quiz. So how acidic is your body? Take the test, you click on a button there, and then boom, ask you a bunch of questions to figure out your age, your weight, how you're eating, and somewhere there's a bucket question, they identify where you fall in, and then boom, it pops out, I'm generating results from there. Cool, we figured out exactly the reports for you, put your email address in here, you put your email address in, and boom, it pops out the entire report for your specific acidity level. I've taken this quiz like 5,000 times, and every variation has a different cells letter, different thing, different email sequence, and you get redirected based on how you fill out the survey. So that's what a survey funnel is. And hopefully you guys are liking this and geeking out. So we're gonna see how many of you guys want to do a survey funnel now? It's a fun, big, exciting project. All right, now funnel number three, the last of our lead funnels we're gonna talk about is a summit funnel. And a summit, and you guys have probably seen we did two summits last year, we'll probably do two more this year, we keep doing these summits because they are amazing ways to generate leads. The summit becomes the lead magnet. And you guys want to know what a summit is where you're interviewing a whole bunch of speakers on a certain topic. So the summit is the actual lead magnet. Give me your email address, I'm gonna give you access to this entire summit with a whole bunch of people who are gonna help you on whatever the topic is. So the summit becomes the lead magnet. So this is what a basic summit funnel looks like. Page number one, there's a video or something talking about here's what a summit is, register to get access to it. And down below you see like, here's all the speakers that are gonna be speaking in the summit. So that's page number one. And here's an example of our affiliate bootcamp. Well, I guess I've gone through our affiliate bootcamp, it's an example of a summit funnel. There's a video here on top, basically saying I'm gonna teach you guys how to get in 100 days to turn your hobby as an affiliate into a full-time career, like going through this affiliate bootcamp, they watch the video, that's step number one. Now the one thing about a summit funnel is that really quickly it pushes you up here to start selling. So it's the only one of our lead funnels you start selling at immediately. Okay, so what I hear is there's an upsell. Now everyone does summits in different ways, typically when someone's selling a summit, their upsell right here is gonna be like an all access pass. It's like, hey, you're gonna get the summit, but it's gonna expire every day, the summit's live for a day, then you lose that lead magnet, disappears. If you pay for an all access pass for a hundred bucks or whatever, then we're gonna give you guys all the interviews and they're there forever, you can listen to them whenever you want, plus we're gonna give you the transcripts and this, and a whole bunch of other things to increase the value of the offer, right? And so this is where a lot of people do that, is that they have the upsell right here, and the upsell will typically cover all the ad costs that you have, that you're driving ads into the summit funnel, okay? So you're getting leads for free, because that upsell there covers your ad costs. Now for me, I did it a little differently because my biggest goal was to get people into one funnel-way challenge, which I'll talk about after the break when we come back talking about challenge funnels, but for me, challenge is one of the most powerful tools we have right here at the unboxing level, so I go from the lead magnet, then getting to the summit immediately to here, I think I'm one of the only people I've ever seen do that. Most people go directly from here and sell all access pass, or some kind of offer related to the summit, okay? All right, so page number two for me is again, and I kind of just say, they get the all access pass for free when they join one funnel-way challenge, okay? And then down here, what happens then is that after they opt in, each day they will get a page like this, it's like, okay, here's the first five speakers, and have until you get 24 hours to go listen to it, right? So it's the lead magnet that kind of disappears. So they have 24 hours to go listen to interview one, interview two, interview three, interview four, interview five, okay, and then after 24 hours, it disappears. Then the next day comes out, okay, here's the next five interviews, they listen to those, and then those disappear after 24 hours, the next one comes out again, they're live for 24 hours and they disappear. The reason I make it disappear is because the upsell gets the all access pass, and so by making them disappear and taking them offline, there's more reasons why people want to go and buy the all access pass. They may have missed one of the interviews, or maybe they missed day two because they were traveling, or maybe they couldn't consume it all because it's like 40 hours of interviews, and like I wanna watch it later, then the all access pass, the value of that dramatically increases, and becomes more valuable, okay? And so throughout the entire challenge, I keep selling that all access pass, excuse me, throughout this entire summit, I keep selling the all access pass, you get access to that as well, okay? The biggest thing to understand is that the summit funnel, it's a lead magnet, the summit is the lead magnet. You give me email address, and you give access to this amazing summit, and there's a bunch of really fun, cool, unique ways to monetize it on the back end, okay? All right, so again, this is our summit funnel right here, this is what the pages look like. They opted in, boom, we sold them on our challenge, give it all access pass, and then there's the lead magnet, is the interviews each day, and we do it over three days, we give access to all the different interviews, and then we pull them off, okay? We do the same thing with our 38 challenge, same kind of concept, right? So we came in here, there's a video of me explaining like, hey, give me email address, and we get access to this challenge, where I interview a whole bunch of people about it, they were to lose everything, it had no money left, what would you do over the next 30 days to get back on top, okay? That's the lead magnet. They give me the email address, and then boom, here I have to sell them on one funnel way challenge, and they get access, all access pass as well, and then boom, day one, day two, day three, they get the videos, and they get pulled away, they get the videos, and they pull away. Okay, now typically the way that most people do it, the first time you do a summit, usually it's live, live, right? So it's like, the lead magnet you're driving traffic to, it's like, hey, next week or next month we're doing the summit, it's gonna be amazing, get, you know, put your email address now so you can sign up for something that's coming in the future, so people spend a couple months doing all the, a couple weeks building it up, getting a big list of people, and then the summit launches live, and that's how we do ours the first time, and then afterwards we set it evergreen, so you can make an evergreen funnel, right now if you go to 30days.com, you can see it's funnel, it's live. If you go to philibookam.com, you can see that funnel, it's live, okay? There was a time we launched them live, but now that they're done and they're in there, they're evergreen, and that's kind of how the funnels work now. And both these funnels generate tons of leads for us all the time, 24 hours a day we're driving traffic into both 30days.com and philibookam.com, and they're great lead generators for us as well, okay? So there you guys have it, those are the three core lead funnels that we use to grow all of our companies, and hope you guys see how they work, okay? So again, we lead funnels, survey funnels, summit funnels, and like as you kind of start seeing, each of those happen, we're building a list, I talked earlier about the value of a list and how it works, how you wanna grow it, and at the end of it, then you send them up to the next level, right? And so the next level are our unboxing funnels. So we're gonna be taking a 30 minute break right now for me to go eat and stuff like that, when we come back, we're gonna start focusing on the unboxing funnels, which is a book funnel for info product people, a cart funnel for e-commerce people, and a challenge funnel for everybody, because I think challenge funnel is one of the greatest things in the world.