Hey everybody, it's Russell Brunson. Welcome back to session number four of our new funnology masterclass, the new art and science of funnel building. Hope you guys have been enjoying all of the sessions so far. So as you know, we started out session number one, talking about secret formula and hook story offer. Session two, we talked about the value ladder. And then session three, that we just recently completed, we talked about the bottom tier, the value ladder lead funnels and how to get people into your, to get them to join your list, how to get them to become leads and how we use the three types of lead funnels to get people and grab them and start sending them up to the next phase of the value ladder. So right now we're going to start moving up to this phase. This whole presentation is about the second phase of the value ladder. And I like to call these type of funnels unboxing funnels. And the reason why is two years ago we were working on a presentation for Funnel Hacking Live and I was looking at all the types of funnels and just trying to figure out how do we simplify this process and this concept for people. There's a whole bunch of different things. And as I was sitting there, I had to decide to, I was like, wait a minute, these are like unboxing funnels. And it gave me this huge light bulb in my head. And I'm hoping that you guys see this, it'll give you the light bulb as well and help you understand like, like why we call these things unboxing funnels. Like how, how they fit into the whole grand scheme of everything we're doing. So I'm going to come back here again. Here's the value ladder, all the funnels we were talking about. So we did lead funnels earlier and right now we're going into unboxing funnels. So inside here, the three core funnels we're talking about. One are book funnels. This is mostly for like information type businesses. Number two is cart funnels, which are more for e-commerce type businesses. Number three are challenge funnels, which work for all types of businesses, which is cool. Okay, so this is where the concept of unboxing comes from. So on day number one, we talked about hook story offer, right? I spent a lot of time talking about how one of your guys is, let me flip this for I keep talking. One of the most important things you can be doing in your business is building up an inventory of products that you can start bundling together to make offers, right? So we talked about like having this whole thing and potential products, right? And sitting down with your team and be like, okay, what else could we offer our people? We're like, oh, we could do, what if we did this? And we go, what if we did this? And like just making this list of as many different ideas of different products that you could create to help serve your dream customer, right? They could help give them the a-ha they need or the big change or whatever the thing might be, right? You know, this sounds as many different ideas as possible. And remember I talked about when I did it, I was like, okay, we could, what if we give them a book about this? What if we give them an MP3 plan? What if I interviewed five people about this? And what if I had them fly to my house and do, and like just listing out all the potential things we could do to help them get the result, right? So you followed session one, you should have this or should know at least how to do this crazy potential product. And then I said from there, what we're going to do is we're going to make an offer slide, right? So here's your offer. And from that, say, okay, if somebody buys this offer from me, I'm going to take this component and this is going to be the first thing they get, right? And then from here, I'm like, oh, this will be the second component and this will be the thing over here. And then here's going to be the third component and then the fourth component. There's all these different things, right? And then this becomes the actual offer. Here's the total value of this equals whatever, right? So this is the stack slide, right? We've talked a lot about stack slides, but that's where it comes from. Here's my inventory of all potential things I could create. From there, I'm going to take some things and this becomes my offer. Now in the lead funnel one, we talked about in the last session, literally you could go and say, okay, this one right here, this part of the offer, this could be the lead magnet. I'm going to give away my lead funnel, right? So this could be your lead magnet, right? So that's kind of from yesterday. From today's, we're coming through and we're saying, okay, I'm going to build an offer. Here's my stack slide. And there's two ways now. Now we have this offer create. There's two ways to sell it, okay? The one way I think most of you guys are probably more familiar with is what we're talking about during the next session, which was a presentation funnel, okay? So my image over here, the presentation funnel is basically me doing a presentation, right? A webinar, Facebook Live, me speaking on stage, things like that where I'm taking this offer and this is where you guys probably see me do this time. I do have a whole presentation. At the end of it, I do my stack. I said, the first thing you're going to get is this and then you're going to get this. I do this big huge stack slide and we sell the whole offer, right? So after we create an offer, that's one way to sell it through a big presentation, okay? And during the presentation, we'll talk about that. But the second way is we do it through an unboxing funnel where we take this offer and now I'm going to flip it on its side, I'm going to unbox it and take it out of the box, okay? So let me show you what that looks like here on the slides. Okay, when we launched the expert secrets book, I was thinking like if I was to sell a $1,000 version or $500 version of expert secrets, like what would it look like? Like what I could have the expert secrets book and the audio book and the home study course and the traffic secrets home study course. Like these are all things I could bundle and offer, right? If I was going to do a webinar and sell a $1,000 version or $500 version on a webinar, I would do a presentation and this would be the first thing you're going to get is the extra secrets book, then you get the audio book, right? Like I would do an intimately presentation. With an unboxing funnel, what I'm doing is I'm taking that offer and I'm pulling out the pieces, right? Where this first thing, the book becomes the actual offer on the landing page. Okay, the second thing, the audio book becomes the order form bump, okay? The next home study course becomes upsell one and the next home study course comes upsell two. So I'm taking this offer that we designed and I'm pulling it out and I'm unboxing and pulling out these things and I'm putting them into logical sequential order, okay? The first thing is what it buys is the book. They buy the book, the next logical things they should buy the audio book, the next logical things the next, the next, the next, okay? So that's what I call an unboxing funnel because you notice all these funnels, it's like taking the same offer I would sell for $1,000 and tipping it outside, okay? A good, I did a podcast about this probably almost a year ago now, but it was at this time we were launching the 10X Secrets Masterclass, which was basically how to speak and sell from stage. And in that course, we made the first offer slide, it was like, okay, there's the three hour training I did teaching people the perfect webinar presentation. Then I did a three hour training where I went through my presentation, 10X and walk through slide by slide, what I did and how I did and showing all the intricacies of what I did. And from there, I took, I got John Childers who were my first public speaking training and then I got him to license us, his children chunks, whole training course that used to sell for $10,000. I got a lot of license from that course and then I got all my speaking mentors coming to do trainings on their side, Armand Moran and all these other people in there and then I had all these things, right? And the stack was huge. It would easily have been at least $1,000 and maybe $2,000 product, okay? And we were going to go and sell it through a webinar and all that kind of stuff and that was like the plan and then I was like, you know what? I want to show people that you don't always have to sell through a webinar, right? That is one funnel type. It's a great funnel type. It's what we do up here, right? This is one of the types of presentation funnels, but you don't have to that way. Instead I said, let's take what I typically sell in the webinar and let's pull it out, okay? And if you remember going through that funnel, we launched the 10 secret home study course that was $297. When you bought that, then there was an upsell for, okay, remember now, I think it was $497. For the next thing, an upsell of like $297, but if you took all the price points of all the different pieces in the funnel, it added up to be the same $997 that I would have sold it for if I sold it in a huge bundle. Does that make sense? So that's kind of, that's what I'm talking about here. That's how this whole thing works. So I'm unboxing, I'm taking the offer that I created and instead of just selling it all at once, I'm unboxing it and making lower ticket price things that we go and we put into a funnel like that.