All right, so the third funnel type is a product launch funnel. Now a product launch funnel was made famous by my friend Jeff Walker. And Jeff Walker, he actually, when we launched the Doc-Hompster's book initially, he won the affiliate contest. And I gave away a Ferrari that I'd won in another affiliate contest and he won it. So Jeff is a really, really smart guy and he's pioneered this. It's been used by so many people. It's not my personal favorite funnel type just because I love webinars so well, but people who like product launches, they kill it. And I've done a bunch of them as well. I'll kind of show you guys the process because it is a really powerful funnel type. So number one, here's the funnel structure. This is the framework of what a product launch funnel looks like. Okay? The very first page is a free workshop where you get someone's email address. Okay? The lead magnet is this workshop. Okay? They opt in and then there's a video. Number one is a video and people leave comments down below. And then a couple of days later, they get video two with comment. People can comment down below. A couple of days later, video three. Then comment down below. And then a couple of days later, they get video four where they make an offer and then it takes them to an order form and then from there, they buy the product. Okay? So that's what the product launch funnel looks like. Jeff Walker calls this a sideways sales letter, which is kind of interesting. So he says basically, typically most people have this long form sales letter selling it. He's like, I'm tipping this sales letter on the side. Boom. And the video number one is me teaching the very first part of my sales letter. Video two is the second part of the sales letter. Video three would be the third part. And video four is the fourth part. Okay? So I'm getting this consumption of this training slash selling over a period of time. Okay? It might be each day they get a new video. It reminds us every three days, every five days they get a new video. But that's kind of how it's structured and how it's set up. Okay? All right. So let me show you how this works. So page number one is your lead manual. You're giving away a free workshop. Okay? So, hey, Optin here. I'm going to give you a free workshop about how to build your funnels quickly, whatever it might be. Right? So that's video number one. They put their name and email address in and then boom. Now it unlocks the lead manual, which is this workshop. Okay? So video number one, boom. They get the first video, which is the first part of the workshop. And they get video number two a couple days later, video number three a couple days later. And that's kind of works. The semi-is might be wondering, well, Russell, what do I say in those videos? Okay? You're never going to guess. Okay? Literally, you tell your stories, right? You tell your Piffin and Bridge stories about your thing. Okay? What's interesting is when I do mine, I use the same perfect webinar framework. Okay? So video number one is my origin story and my story about the vehicle. That's video number one. Video number two is talking about the internal beliefs. The number three is going into the external beliefs. And number four is doing the stack and the close. Okay? So again, if you've studied the perfect webinar or read the expert secrets book, you know this framework already. It's just taking those stories in order. And now video number one is your origin and vehicle. Video two is internal beliefs. Video three is external beliefs. Video four is your stack and your close. Okay? It's, again, he calls it sideways sales letters. It's the same thing. I'm taking this structure sales presentation, this proven work over and over and over again. I'm just tipping it outside. I'm giving them this first chunk first, second chunk later, third chunk later, fourth chunk later. Okay? And if I do this presentation right, I do the video one, two, three, four correctly, then my stories will trump theirs and their big dollar is going to fall and they're going to go to the order form and they're going to buy my product. Okay? Video number four, again, is the stack and the close. This is where I basically do my presentation. If I come back to module number one of this training course, I showed you guys the first 15 minutes is my origin story, second 15 minutes is secret one, secret two, secret three, the first hour, and last 30 minutes is my stack and my close. That's where this presentation is. This is my stack and my close I do for 30 minutes here. Okay? So here's the product launch funnel. Again, free workshop page. This is the framework. Video one, video two, video three, video four is where they get the offer. Okay? And that's the product launch funnel.