So funnel number one is called our lead or our squeeze funnel. Okay, people call it squeeze because they call it squeeze because someone's coming through this page and you're squeezing their email address from them. So people call it lead squeeze or squeeze funnel or just lead funnel. There's a lot of different names in the industry. That's kind of what it is. Okay, all right, so a lead funnel is very simple. There's basically two pages. Page number one, somebody come and you're going to give them what we call a lead magnet. Okay, the lead magnet is the offer. Okay, if you give me your email address, I'll give you this thing. Okay, and the sexier your offer is, the more likely someone's going to go and give it to you, right? It's a lead magnet. It draws the lead magnet to you and you're like, I want that thing, cool, I'll give it to you. Just give me your email address. Okay, you guys have seen this a million times. It's not something new to you, right? But like you're on Facebook and like, hey, get a free report. You click on it, it takes you a page. Like give me your email address, I'll give you the free report. Here's the lead magnet. That lead magnet got you from Facebook, got you to my landing page and now it's going to give me your email address, right? That's what we call the lead magnet. I'll talk about those here in a little bit. The first page is the giveaway lead magnet and the second page, you give them the lead magnet. Thank you for giving me your email address. Here's the thing you just asked for. Okay, it's very simple. Two pages. You can build these in like 30 seconds. In fact, I'm going to show you guys our number one squeeze page, our number one lead funnel right now. It's generated over a quarter million leads in the last year. I built it in less than 10 minutes and you're like, that's not possible Russell. I'm going to show it to you and you're like, oh my gosh, that is the ugliest, simplest thing ever. Quarter million leads. I gave myself a quarter million dollar a month raise just from this one lead funnel. It's super simple. Okay, the first squeeze page I ever saw was from a guy named Evan Pagan. His pen name at the time was David D'Angelo. He owned a company called Double Your Dating. This was the very first one I had ever personally seen. I remember seeing this. I was like, this is the weirdest thing I've ever seen. I read it and said, you're about to learn the secrets that most men will never know about women. Inside, you're going to learn the kiss test. How to tell if she's ready to be kissed. They've never seen men and women think about dating and it has big, bold lists of stuff you're going to learn. It's a lead magnet. Give me your email address and I'm going to teach you the kiss test. I remember seeing that and I was a bunch of marketing seminars back a decade ago. People were talking like, do you see Evan Pagan's doing? Do you see his lead page? We go to his squeeze page and we go there and I was like, this is so crazy. I remember looking at it and I was like, I want to know what's on the other side of that page. But I had just gotten married to my beautiful wife, Collette. I was like, if I put my name and email address in here, I'm going to get emails about how to pick up ladies. My wife's going to see these and she's going to be like, what are you researching online? I remember I came around probably a dozen times. I was like, I need to opt in but I'm scared to put my email address in. I remember actually showing her my K-Club. This is a marketing experiment. This is a guy. I love you. I don't want to date anyone else ever but I need to see what's behind this page. Is it okay if I put my email address in? She's like, yeah, that's weird. I'm like, okay, cool. I put my email address in and what's crazy is I didn't, again, I didn't know what's going to be on the next page. I thought maybe it's like a 25 page report or a big PDF or a video series or something and what was on the other page was so simple. On the second page, it took you to this little paragraph here that explained the kiss test. This was the lead magnet. Basically what it says, when you go to the doorstep of the girl, you walk up the doorstep and you talk to her really closely and you try to put her, if her hair comes down or something, you go with your hand and try to put your hair either behind her hair or behind her ear or behind her whatever. You reach up and you do that and so what's going to happen is one of two things. If the girl pulls back a little bit, it means we're like a board. Do not kiss her. She's ready to be kissed. If she goes like this and she turns into you, that means she's ready to be kissed. You go from there, boom and apparently that's how you do it. I don't know. That was before my time. I was already married at this point so I haven't had a chance to test it but apparently that's how it works. But that was it. It was a paragraph where it explains the kiss test. That was it. At the time, I remember back a decade ago, this company was doing $20 million a year and that was where they drove 100% of the traffic was to this page right here. The next page said, here's the kiss test and then if you read the rest of the paragraph, it's like, if you think that's good. We have a whole e-book called WD. Click on the link down below to buy the e-book. That was it. That was the business model. Generate a lead, give them the lead magnet, push them to the next funnel. Push them to the next step in the value ladder. The lead funnel was very simple. Give me an email address. I'll give you the kiss test. Boom, here's the kiss test. At the end of that page, if you think this is good, click here to go up here to my unboxing funnel where you can buy my e-book showing you guys how to double your dating. Boom. Did you guys get it? So simple. It's so powerful. Let me show you how it works. This is a very simple lead funnel from Brian Ran. Brian Ran's got the most simple, clean design. I love his stuff. Anyway, so this is an example. He created this little PDF called the Going Pro Manifesto, step number one. He creates the lead magnet, step number two. He trades it for the email address. Very simple. So there's page number one. A couple of things on this. Again, simplicity. The more simple your landing pages are, the better. If you try to get people a million bells and whistles and options and opportunities and flashing gifts and links and everything, it's going to destroy everything. Nielsen's no logo. There's no menu bar. There's no nothing. Here's the offer. Here's what it looks like. Give me an email address. That's it. It's simple. It gives curiosity. Every time I have a landing page that the conversions are low, the more I just increase the curiosity, the better. So the headline, they're right now download for free now, change of business forever. That's not super curiosity based. I might change to something like download the Going Pro Manifesto to find out how to go from blank to blank without doing blank. Something like that. Also, that cranks up the curiosity, which increases conversions. More people will want that thing because they're like, what is it I need to know? The third step is it tells them what to do. It says download the thing. Enter your email address down below. It's not just leaving it to their own imagination. It tells them specifically, enter your email address down below to discover the proven principles I used to blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Tell them, go do this. Put your email address in. Don't assume people will know to do that. As much as you would assume people would know to do that. Tell them what to do. Then page number two is basically you give them the lead magnet they asked for. After someone opts in, Brian's page comes here, download the manifesto, boom, and then notice down below, so that's step number two. Click here, and then step number two takes them to the next page, to the next funnel in the value ladder. That is the game. This is how it works. Really simple. Page number one, the lead magnet. Page number two, thank you so much for opting in. Here's the thing you just asked for. Step number two, now click here, and then that takes them to funnel number two in the value ladder. Here's Brian's whole boom, squeeze page, thank you page. Here's page number one of, this is his book funnel in the value ladder. Do you see how this works? It's called funnel stacking. This is like me geeking out. I could go so deep here, but we'll get deeper as we keep going on. Come in here, get the lead, send to the next step. What you understand is we go through every single one of these. You're going to notice that. This one ends, you send to here. When this one ends, you send here. The sentient's happening inside every single one of the funnels, as you'll see here. This right here, how many of you guys have seen this funnel? The marketing seekers black book. This is the one that took me three minutes to create the entire funnel. I literally wrote a headline, took a picture, used a click-phone template, wrote a sub-headline, done. They opt in for the marketing seekers black book. In fact, if you go to marketingseekers.com slash black book, you can see it. It's there. This page says, thank you so much for opting in. Download here. Over the last, I just ran the stats last night to see how this checks out. Inside click-phones, here's the stats. In the last 12 months, this page gets 51.62% of people who land here. More than half people who land here, give me the images, which is crazy. It's generated 272,327 leads. Over a quarter million leads. If I was only averaging $1 per month, that's an extra quarter million dollars a month raised, I just gave myself. 12 months with that 6 million? Wait, 1, 2, 4, 3 million. That's the 5, it's only $1 per month. We get way more than $1 per month more leads. Just this one little funnel, it's so simple. It's generated leads that equal the equivalent of probably anywhere from $5 to $10 million in revenue. Back here, we're telling people to go next step, the next step, the next step. Three minutes to build this funnel. What if you went really hardcore and spent 10 minutes doing it, or 20 minutes? Lead funnels are so simple and so powerful. We don't have at least one. There's a question. Maybe you should be looking at creating one. Here's an example. On ours, we also add in this third step here. Number one, they opt in. Number two gives them a download. Down here, says, hey, thanks so much for opting in. Step number two is go join the challenge. Click that button right there, and boom, it sends them right here to our challenge funnel. Now they sign up for the one funnel way challenge. This funnel literally gets hundreds of people every single week to join our challenge. Here's another example of once in our cookbook. They come here, download the free cookbook, click the button, it pops up, they put the email address in, then boom, takes them over here, where we sell them a physical copy of the book, and we also upsell and move them to the next tier of the value ladder to get click funnels from there. There's another example of one of our lead funnels. Here's another example of ours. I wanted Jim Edwards and I do a funnel Friday YouTube channel, YouTube show. I was like, we should build leads specifically for this YouTube show. We made a very simple page. This was almost too complex, and the conversions aren't nearly as high because of it. I'll probably need to make a simpler version, but they come here, they watch the video, they give us email address, boom, then it takes them to the page where they can actually go watch our episodes of Funnel Fridays. Now we have this list, every time we do a new funnel Fridays, excuse me, we email the list, it gets people to show up Funnel Fridays, which boosts our YouTube viewers, our YouTube comments, our YouTube accounts, which makes the video go more viral inside YouTube, but it does so many good things. Then notice, they watch the video, then down below it's like, hey, step one, get your click funnels account, step two, get your funnel scripts account. Boom, it sends them to step number two. So there's an example of how we use it to build Funnel Fridays. This is our YouTube channel, Funnel Hacker TV, the same thing. They came right here, gave us the email address, the email address to be able to get access to two unique secret videos. If you go to funnelhacker.tv, I think you can see this funnel here. They give us the email address, boom, it takes them, and they get two of these amazing videos. They opt in, now we have them on YouTube, and then inside the YouTube videos is where we send them up to the next tier of the value ladder. This right here, I was looking at Digital Marketer. They have some of my favorite things, Ryan and Perry have been friends for, man, a decade and a half now. They do some amazing landing pages and squeeze pages and funnels like this. This is one of the ultimate social media swipe file. Opt in, where you can get 72 copy and paste headline formulas to get more clicks on Facebook, Twitter, and your own blog. Like, it's a PDF with 72 headlines. That's it, they opt in, gives it to them the next page, they give you the thing, and then it says, oh, by the way, you should buy our social selling system for seven bucks. So they opt in for the free swipe file, boom, takes them down to the next page inside of the value ladder, starts moving them up. This is Kaylin Polin, lady boss, inside of our community. You guys all love Kaylin, you love Lady Boss. This is one of theirs, this is their free weight loss kick start. You come here, you put your email address in, you get the free weight loss kick start, boom, from there it moves you over, where now she sells you on her app and her eating program. And then from there, which is the next tier here, and here they send you to supplements, and there's a coaching, and they move you up the value ladder. They're some of the best students I've ever seen of all time. They model things perfectly, and they are amazing. I have a company that's doing tens of millions of dollars, and this is how it all starts. Starts the lead funnel, give away the free weight loss kick start, and then starts sending them up the value ladder from there. This is Karat, these guys are my inner circle as well. I just love this page because it's super simple. There's a picture of the report, here's the top performing PPC keywords for motivated house sellers. Get this PPC guy plus keywords. It's just a list of keywords. They opt in, boom, gives the keywords, and then puts, drops them directly into their product launch funnel. We'll talk about product launch funnels tomorrow, it's up here. They go from lead funnel right here, boom directly into their product launch funnel. We'll see how simple and easy it is. Very cool. This is one of the things I want to add. This is called the reverse squeeze page. I'm showing this as an example because reverse squeeze page is basically, typically with most squeeze pages, we want to make them as simple and curiosity-based as possible. It gives us ability to get the most leads possible. Some businesses, you don't want insane amounts of leads. Let's say you're a local dentist. You probably don't want 5,000 leads a day coming into your funnel. You want to be able to qualify leads better. Reverse squeeze page gives you the ability to qualify leads. You will get less leads as people come through, but the quality leads will get higher. What happens here is they come here, they see the headline, they watch the video, and the video, I spend three to five minutes explaining what the lead magnet is. Then from there, I get people to put the email address in down below. Again, that barrier, then watching a two-minute video will dramatically decrease how many leads you get. The quality ones who come through the other end will dramatically increase. If your business is like, I want less leads or I want higher quality leads, then I recommend you reverse squeeze pages. Basically, you're pitching them up front. You're spending time on video explaining what the thing is. First, which again, will lower the number of leads, but dramatically increase the quality of the leads that come through. That's what reverse squeeze page is. If you ever hear me talk about it or somebody else, it's just simply a squeeze page that you're selling up front and explain more what it is. It has a barrier of getting people to come in. Now, some of you guys are like, this is amazing, Russell, but I'm not a creative lead magnet. How do I do it? I want to show you how simple it can be. This is Brendan Bruchard's one-page productivity planner. This is one of his friend and lead funnels. It's simple. It's literally one page. It's a piece of paper, one piece of paper. If you want his one-page productivity planner, you go here, you put your email address in, and then the next page, he gives you the productivity planner. Then he sends you to the next funnel in his value ladder. I want you to think it can be as simple as that. It doesn't have to be like my black book I created is this huge, long project, but I am intense. I've got a staff of almost 500 or almost 400 people here. I will do crazy stuff. For a lot of you guys, you don't have the staff or the team or the manpower. It doesn't matter. You don't need that. It doesn't have to be complex. It has to be something that's sexy. It's exciting. A one-page productivity planner used by CEOs and achievers worldwide is sexy. 70 headlines is sexy. 500 top keywords are sexy. You're looking for something simple and easy that someone's going to be excited for. Yesterday, during module number one, we talked about creating offers. We talked about having a board of all the potential products you could possibly create. When I do that, I start looking at that board and like, here's all the potential products. Which one of these things is the sexiest, the most exciting? I could take that thing that's already been created or might create and make that the thing I give away on the landing page. That's what I'm looking for when I do stuff like that. Start thinking about what do you have that you can give away as the lead magnet? You could do a report, some white papers, a free video. A lot of times, the thing I'm giving away is the video they're watching on the next page, which might be the sales video from right here. Maybe it's a free workshop, which could be the next piece, whatever it might be. Coupons, local business owners, like, how do I use these lead funnels, Russell? Give away a coupon, give away a 10% discount, give away a special night for people in your local community. Give away a lunch seminar, like a whole bunch of things you can do there. Coupons work great for local businesses, service-based businesses. Anyway, you're looking for access for something awesome. Information products are usually the simplest way. In fact, for most companies, no matter what you're doing, I would still create some kind of information product because they're simple to make, they're free to deliver, and the perceived value of them is very, very high. Software, if you can create a simple software program, another way to make an amazing, insane lead magnet as well.