Okay, I need to update some of these images. Book funnel has more than three pages. So this is the book funnel, it has more than three pages. I like the top there, but this is the book funnel, okay? So there's a sales page, a bump, upsell one, upsell two, and thank you page. Okay, so that's what a book funnel actually looks like. Okay, now again, I mentioned this a second ago, but book funnels aren't just for selling books, okay? The structure works really good for selling books, but it works for any type of information product. Most of you guys would recommend not writing a book right away because writing a book takes a long, long, long time. I just finished my third book and it's hard. So there's a point in a time when you should write a book, but prior to that, you can use a book funnel to sell stuff that's a lot faster. For example, this is, I used a book funnel for this and it wasn't me selling a book, it was me selling a preloaded MP3 player with a whole bunch of episodes from the marketing in your car podcast. I'm not going to use the marketing in your car podcast, okay? So I took the same book funnel structure, but instead of selling a book, I sold information on an MP3 player, okay? This is the same thing I did with the perfect webinar script. I took the same book funnel structure, but I didn't have time to write a book on this, so I gave away one piece of paper. They had my script on it with a DVD. They explained this. It was a CD and a DVD. Okay, so this information, it doesn't have to be books. Any kind of information works really good through a book funnel, okay? All right, so we'll walk you through the process. So the first step in a book funnel is the two-step order form like these, okay? You've seen this dot com secrets book, you've seen there's expert secrets book, the traffic secrets book will be similar. That's kind of the page structure. Now I'm going to walk you through, I'm going to explain to you guys how we kind of figured this out. So if you look at the two-step order form, the order form is close to the top because the offer is low price point, right? If I was selling something more expensive like $100 or above, I would not put the order form at the top, okay? It's too fast. I put the order form down below lower, but for lower ticket things, I put the order form here. I personally used to, I used to hate this look and feel. So if any of you guys are like, I hate this, I don't have an order form at the top, I get it, I hate it as well. In fact, probably a decade ago, I started studying from these marketers and there's different tiers of marketing. There's like, there's not like the good guys and the bad guys, but there's like light and dark and there's a bunch of shades of gray in the middle, right? And I've always been on the marketing, like the lighter side of things, but I met these guys who were definitely more on the darker gray to black hat businesses, but they were making insane amounts of money. So I was like, I want to learn from these guys. What do they know that I don't know? And so I got into some groups, I met these guys and started talking to them and it was interesting because they started showing me some of their funnels and I started looking at pages and most of their pages had similar structures. They had the order form on the right hand side and they had their name, their email address, their full shipping address, all sorts of stuff. And I was like, that's crazy. You're asking for all this stuff before they even know what you're selling. Why would you do that? And they're like, we've tested a billion different things. These guys were like scientists. Like they literally would hire people at colleges close to them. They had like computer science degrees and mathematics degrees and all sorts of stuff happened to do insane amount of split testing because they were driving so much traffic. And so they showed me these pages and I was like, I don't like those. They said, no, the way it works is step number one, we asked for the shipping address and step number two, we asked for the credit card. We said, if we asked for the credit card, page number one, it dramatically decreases conversion because the risk is too high for the person and we had all these mathematical reasons and all these split tests they'd done and they were showing me. And I was like, oh my gosh. And so I fought it for years. I was like, I'm never going to do that kind of thing. I don't like it. And in my mind, it was like that's something that these kind of marketers use. And then one time I decided, I'm just going to test it. These have been testing that crazy thing. Could I do it in a way that's not the black hat side where we're selling good products, good things, but using the techniques and the things that we learned over here? And so we did our very first version. It was before Click Phone. It was before .com Secrets Book. It was another offer we had made. And we tested it out and I did the thing with everything being above the fold just like this where there's the video, the order form, and we tested it. And I tried to model theirs as close as I could and I kid you not. Out the gate, it did five or six X higher conversions than anything we'd ever done prior to it. I was like, oh my gosh. Like, why did I fight that so long? And so we built Click Funnels initially. I remember Todd had the original order forms. I was like, is there any way we can build an order form that takes that whole two-step element that we love, that we use, that we have to custom code every single time and make it a thing? And so he did. And so for now, all of you guys, if you want to do a two-step order form, you click a button and boom, it pops the thing in there. Like, it is one of the most amazing things on Earth. So that's kind of some background story of such a geek on this stuff. Like, I could go every element of why I have the copy above the shipping box and why it talks about order speed, about why we did a button code. Like, everything I could tell you the story behind it because there's so many different tests and variations of people I met and things we figured out. But as a whole, if you look at this, like, this is the framework. This is what it looks like. Remember I told you earlier, like, all these funnel things are frameworks. This is a framework of a successful page for an unboxing funnel. Okay? Video, two-step order form, like the headline there, like that, the structure has been tested more than probably anything that you've ever dreamt of. And this is, like, the control right now. Okay? And hopefully, somebody will beat the control, but this is the control. So this is where we start from and we try to beat it from here. Okay? So that's the first page here, the two-step order form. A couple key things again. The headline, video, all the arrows pushing my eyes towards the order form. And then there's the order form over there. Step number one, we're getting shipping address. And then step number two, we get their credit card information. Okay? So that's number one. A couple other things on this page. If you start looking at my pages closer, you'll see more fun things. I'm going to map this out so I can explain it while I write it. In every sales process that we do, there are three things I try to do. Okay? Number one, the most powerful way to sell anybody anything is through emotion. Okay? So emotion is the best. That's why when I talked to you guys on session number one about stories telling, I'm telling a story to try to invoke an emotion to get you to do something, right? We're talking about we don't use logic to sell, we use emotion. Emotion is the core thing, right? So emotion is why people buy. Okay? We always say people, they buy things emotionally and they try to justify them logically. So the best tool I have to sell the masses is emotion. So that's where I lead with, okay? Then what happens is there's a percentage of people, even if they're emotionally engaged, like this is amazing, I want it. And then all of a sudden this logical thing pops up and they're like, oh no, how do I justify this to my wife or my spouse or myself or my bank or my accountant or whatever, right? And the logical brain starts going like crazy. So the next close is the logical close. We'll put glasses on the logical guy because they're smarter, right? So next is the logical close, okay? And it's not nearly as powerful, but it is important because a bunch of people who like, even if they're emotionally sold, the logic, they're going to like talk themselves out of it, right? And then the third over here is the emotion, sorry, fear. How do I make this guy look fearful? He's got a furrowed brow. Does he look fearful? I'm not that good of a drawer. Anyway, that guy's scared, so he looks pretty scared, right? I don't even know. There you go. That guy's scared. Okay, so we've got emotion, logic, and fear. Okay, and fear you can put in here, you can bring urgency and scarcity. Okay? So if I'm trying to sell something to somebody, my very first pass is like, let me emotionally convince you of this thing. So I emotionally sell you. And again, a bunch of people, that's the big domino, knocks down and they're going to go buy. And the next wave of people with the logical ones is like, I don't know about this. And if I can logically convince them, knocks them down, boom, and the next percentage comes. And the last is people who are like, even if they're in here or here, they're like, I'll do it later. And they're like, they can't make a decision to freak it out. And urgency and scarcity is going to push them over. Okay? And if you look at percentage wise, I'd say you're looking at probably, I don't know, I'm going to guess. Let's say 40% here. 30% here. 30% here. That equals 100, right? Yeah, okay. I'd say it's probably around this, okay? 40% of your buyers come from logical, from emotion. 30% come from logical, and last 30% come from urgency and scarcity. So what most people do is they just do one or the other, or the other, right? And the logical doesn't work unless they've already gone through the emotional first. And the fear doesn't work unless they've gone through these firsts as well. So this is the sequence. So if you look at any email follow-up sequence, I go emotion, my first couple of emails, then I move to logic, and I end with fear. If you watch my stage presentation, I start with emotion. I move to logic, I move to fear. Watch how I sell coaching, emotion. Everything happens, this is the process, okay? Motion, logic, fear, emotion, logic, fear. So understand that in all your selling, that's always happening. In the Traffic Secrets book that you guys will be getting here in the near future, I go deep into this and I show how we use it even in retargeting ads. And then everything is removed from emotion to logic to fear. Your best case is selling something to emotion, then it shifts to logic, and then it goes to fear. Okay, so what's interesting is if you look at the layout of most of our sales pages, but especially our two step order form pages, is the top block here, the top third. This is like a video here of me and the two step order form. And this whole focus here is all about emotion, right? So if you notice the top one third here, which is a smile, is me on the video, hey, there's Russell Brunson, and I'm emotionally trying to tell you a story to get you to buy, okay? And for the percentage of the people, the majority of people will buy right here. And then people will be like, that's amazing, but what? What's the catch? What are you doing? Right? They have all the things that keep them. So they start scrolling, that's your scrollers. They scroll past this. Now this next thing, okay? The emotional people didn't even see this, they bought. They're ready to go and take over the world whatever it is you just sold them, right? The next people though are looking for logic. So here's what we have in all of your copy that's speaking to their logical mind. Okay? In fact, I'll even say it a lot of times, logically know that if you wanna, logically know that funnels are a great way to grow your company. Logically, if you really wanna do this, you gotta work with a company who's helped more people hit millionaires to ask for the funnels than anybody else on earth, right? It just makes logical sense. I'll even use the word logical because that's what I'm speaking to, speaking to logical mind, okay? So I'm trying to get them to be able to justify this to themselves, to their spouse, to their account, whoever it is, that they gotta justify things logically too, okay? In fact, I heard someone tell me this one time about this buying cars, right? You go into the car dealership and you see the new car. It could be whatever it is for you. It could be a Ferrari, a McLaren, a Lamborghini, maybe it's a minivan. Everyone's got their thing, right? You see the car and you're like, oh, this would be so amazing. You're pitching yourself, driving the car and the wind blowing through your hair and all the amazing stuff, right? And you're emotionally so sold on it. And you go and you buy it, you drive it home, your spouse is like, did you just buy that? You're like, oh, yeah, you have to understand, I'm like, it gets really good gas mileage. Like, it's the best, most safest cars in the world. And like, you logically try to convince them of what the emotional decision is made, right? Because we buy things emotionally and we justify them logically, okay? So that's what's happening is I'm giving them the ability to justify it to themselves or the person they have to justify this to later, right? And then the third thing is all about fear, right? So this is where my urgency and scarcity comes. This is where it's like, why are you gonna buy right now? And the call to action and how many are left? Like all the things that cause urgency and scarcity and fear, that's the third thing, okay? So if you look at the funnel blocks, that's the layout of a page. Emotion, logic, and then the fear, okay? All right, so that's page number one. You guys didn't know there was all this stuff going into, huh? You're like, oh, we're also a super funnel page. It's like, no, you have to understand the frameworks, right? Here's the frameworks. It was happening every single page. What's, and how it all weaves in. Now it's like, you gotta take your art. Like, what is your emotional story that you're gonna plug in here? What's your logical argument? Why in the world should they buy this thing? Okay, what's urgency, scarcity, you're gonna create. This is where you weave your art into this framework. But understand, this is the framework, right? It's a page, it's a process, things like that. Now you gotta weave your stories, your art, your stuff into that framework, right? You're gonna paint the bathroom, whatever color you want it to be in this house, but the framework's there, okay? And so I showed this on this homepage, but this is a theme that you're gonna see throughout. It's in every email sequences, in every page, upsell pages, downsell pages, like throughout everything we're doing, you're gonna follow this emotional logic fear path, okay? Over and over and over again. Okay, all right, let me move to the next slide. So, okay, so there's the two-step order form we talked about here, okay? Again, step number one, they put in the shipping address, then it automatically directs from step number two, where they put in their credit card information. Okay, now, I wanna show you this one thing we figured out. I can't even remember exactly where we figured this whole thing out. I'm pretty dang sure that I gave it the name order form bump. In fact, I would bet, because I had some friends who they did a lot of infomercials back in the day, and so what they would do is, if you ever call an infomercial, they call you on the phone, you're like, hey, I wanna order this book or this cooker or this juice machine, whatever you call them on the phone, and then the sales scripts, the way they're written on the phone, is they create these things, they call them bumps. So, the bump is like, oh, do you want rush shipping? Oh, cool, hey, do you want the cookbook to go along with this as well? Oh, cool, and they call them bumps instead of upsells. And so, when we started building this, because I have friends who always call them bumps on the phone, I was like, let's put a bump into our funnel here. Now, the reason why order form bumps are so powerful, is back when I was a young in this industry, and we were first learning about this whole funnel concept. This is what happened, is somebody had a page, right, where they sold something and they made money, like this is amazing, and then somebody had an idea, like let's put an upsell, so they made upsell, OTA, one time offer, and they sold something more, oops, there's a person, and they sold more, and they're like, oh my gosh, like one third of the people who bought this, also bought this, and I made Mo, just kidding, more money, right, they made more money, and like this is amazing, like wait, what if we did, instead of one upsell, what if we did two upsells, and like, oh that's the greatest, they did two upsells, right, OTO two, okay, and also like one fifth of people bought this, and they made what, more money, like this is amazing, we have two upsells, what if we had a downsell here, and what if we had a downsell here, and what if we had another upsell, and what if we had another upsell, and all of a sudden what was created were these funnels, we had a friend who started videotaping funnels, and people would go through like a three to four hour long process to get through all the upsells, they just call this upsell, can we guess what the next word is, upsell held, okay, and I got caught in the traps, I was like, well what's everyone's doing, so I gotta have more upsells than the last guy, so I used to have every single funnel I'd have, I would have upsell down, so upsell down, so upsell down, so if someone went through everything, said no to everything, I had six offers, and I was like, oh that, plus the first thing they just bought, right, and I was like, this is amazing, like we're making so much money, and then one day, I had these friends, this is like a decade ago, I had these friends, they had to create this new software that would do ratings and reviews, it's actually ShopApproved.com, it's really cool, a software, and they said, hey Russell, this is your company we're about to launch, we want you to try it out, they said, go and take our little ShopApproved widget, and put it on your thank you page, so the last page here, put it on your thank you page, and basically people can rate you based on their experience, I'm like, oh cool, we'll get all of our raving customers who just bought to tell us how great we are, and they can use that widget and plug it in somewhere, and so I put it on the sink during the middle of our launches, people bought the product, went through six upsell, downsell things, they lined on the thank you page, and they were like, hey what was your experience like today, rate it, and I had no idea how upset my customers were, about 24 hours into it, I logged in to read the reports, and the majority of the people who made it through upsell hell ended up here, and they hated me, they were, and I was making money, our cart value is huge, I was so excited until I found out all my customers hated me, and also then I realized, oh my gosh, lifetime value, the short term, how much money I made and the short term increase, but lifetime value of a customer died, right, we're talking about value ladders and taking something on this journey, right, I've had people that have been in click phones for five years, almost coming on six years, people coming to every single phone line, why? Because they have an amazing experience, we serve the highest level possible, and I realized that all these people who went through this process, by the time they end over here, they are not happy with me, and the experience was bad, and I was like, oh my gosh, I gotta do something, and so I started looking at it and saying, well this is a bad experience, what should I do, I said okay, well I'm gonna cut this upsell, and I cut the downsells and downsells I hear, and I kept testing and testing, and we tested a ton this for probably two years or so, and we found, when all of a sudden done, we found that for me, and again, this is gonna be different for everybody, some industries are different too, sometimes you can do more or less, but my own personal rule for my funnels is, I never, I wanna have an offer, and I will max have two upsells, that's where I found that the maximum number of money for me, and still happiness for my customers over here, right, it was like, that was the sweet spot, I went beyond that, that's when I started getting angrier and angrier, and just ruined my whole company, right, when I kept it to the product and two upsells max, that's when people were happy, and they would continue my value ladder, and everything was good, and so that's a big lesson I learned, I wanted to share with you guys, because sometimes you can use these funnels, and you can make a lot of money, but you can destroy your relationship with your customers, and you make money in the short term, but not the long term, okay, I don't know about you, but I'm in the long term game, this is not a short term transactional thing for me, otherwise I'd be charging you this very second to be here, right, the reason why I get to be here, and going through this is because I know the happier you are here, the more likely you're already gonna build funnels, more likely you're gonna build funnels on this platform, more likely you're gonna go to Funnel Hacking Live, more likely you're gonna buy another course in the future, more likely you're gonna go to Funnel Flicks, more likely you're gonna, like, all the other things happen, the happier experience you have, so if I take some short term money loss here, it's worth it because the long time, lifetime value of the customer dramatically goes up, does that make sense, okay, so that's kind of the game plan, so for me it was always like this frustrating thing, of like, I miss the days when I was getting $200 average cart value, but I like the fact that my customers are happy when we make more of my long term, but I'm always trying to figure out, is there another way, and so this is when the order form bump came into existence, okay, this is why I'm telling this whole story, the order form bump is basically another upsell that nobody sees as an actual upsell, okay, it's like the closest thing to free money you will ever get, where you can increase how much money you make and keep your customers happy, and you're getting a whole third upsell that's like sneaky stealth attack, okay, this is where the order form bump comes from, think about when you're at the grocery store, right, and you're going around, you're shopping cart, you're buying all your stuff, you're feeling your thing in, you get to the very end, and you start going through checkout line, you're walking through, and also when you sit there in line, you look to your left, and you're like, oh, there's a national inquire, and the Star magazine, and people, and like all of the gossip magazines right there, huh, you look at the right hand, boom, you see tic-tacs, and you see gum, and you see Purell hand sanitizer, and you see bottles of like, all the impulse buys, right, and people are like, oh, I'm gonna get that, and this, and this, and this, okay, and they grab it right there, like that's the equivalent order form bump, someone's coming through your funnel, right, and they stop and they go, what's that, boom, that's the order form bump, it's getting them just enough tension, they don't think about it, they're just looking at it like, oh, I want that as well, okay, there's no sales letter for tic-tacs, right, you're like, oh, those look really good, I'm gonna get the orange ones, because they taste like candy, they are candy, but I think they're mint, because they've tricked me, right, so you just grab it really quick off the shelf, that's what an order form bump is, okay, if the thing you're selling is complex, and it will not work as an order form bump, it needs to be something like tic-tacs, you're like, oh, do you also want this, like, oh, yeah, I do, so let me show you what an order form bump looks like if you're not familiar, okay, the order form bump is very strategic where it fits, it fits after someone's put in their credit card information, they've already put in the commitment to put their credit card information in, but before the submit button, right there, we've tested it above, we'll like every variation, like that's the sweet spot, right there, they come in there, and they're buying the product, they put their credit card, it's like, oh, you're real quick, do I want to upgrade your order, boom, here's the thing, and this has got to be, again, your tic-tac offer, where it's just like, it's simple, it's a one-sense to explain it, it takes three senses to explain it, it's too much, it's like, oh, he's bought this book on whatever, do you want the audio book, or do you want the templates, or do you want the, it's a very simple offer, right, and it gives you this extra upsell in here that doesn't, again, increases your money, but does not decrease happiness level of people, okay, this is like, for most people, most businesses, the order form bump will cover the cost of your advertising, this makes your rest of your funnel profitable, like it's like the secret sauce, anyway, so that's the order form bump, and here's a couple other examples of just like, really quick, like, yes, Russell upgrade my order, add this to it, yes, Russell upgrade my order, upgrade my order, okay, if you don't have an order form bump on every order form, you're literally just throwing money away, okay, it does nothing but give you more money, okay, it does not decrease happiness of your customers, it just gives you more money, and gives them another opportunity to buy something from you, okay, so that's the order form bump, it's like the greatest gift that we could possibly give you, again, I'm building click, not me, I didn't build click phones, when Todd was building click phones, it's like, please give me an order form bump, please, like, we got to figure this out, so he put an order form bump, but now it's so simple, you click a button, it's in every single order form, and that's literally free money, it'll cover your, like I said, it covers your ad costs in most situations, okay, so that's the key, order form bumps, all right, so that's something that's bought your product, bought your product, they saw the order form up, now we're taking it to our upsell process, okay, we use the words upsell and one time offer, OTO synonymously, same thing, special one time offer, special upsell doesn't matter, you'll hear both those terms inside the industry used all the time, one time offer, OTO or upsell, okay, now, with information product, and this is one of the differences between a book funnel and a cart funnel, with information products, the secret, like, people always ask me, well, if they just bought a $10 book, what price point should I sell the next product? I'm like, no, you understand, that's not the right question to be asking, it's not about the price point, the question is, what is the next logical thing that they need on their journey, okay, so say they came right here, and they just, they saw your thing, and they're like, this is awesome, and they bought, right, and they'd order for a bump, you need to tick-tack off right here, now, they're coming through, so you gotta think, hey, what's the next logical thing that they need to be successful, okay, and I don't care if it's $1,000 or $2, like, the next logical thing is what should be right here, okay, the first time I got this, it's been a while since I learned this lesson, but somebody was talking, I think it might have been Mike Geary, anyway, but anyways, whoever it was, thank you for telling me this concept, it's mental-optic, if I can't even remember exactly what it was, but the concept was, let's say someone comes to your funnel, right, and they say you have an e-book, and your e-books are like, how do you get six-pack abs, you're like, sweet, I got six-pack abs, and you bought the product, now what we think sometimes, like, well, someone, oh, that person's interested in six-pack abs, I'm gonna sell them some more six-pack abs training here, this is my six-pack abs home study course, what you understand is that, if you put yourself in the mind of your consumer, as soon as they bought this thing, they're like, I need six-pack abs, they bought it, they put their credit card, they bought it, in their mind now, they have six-pack abs, this promise has been fulfilled, in their mind, like, I got six-pack abs, you come here like, hey, do you want my six-pack abs home study course, they're like, I already have abs, I bought them a minute ago, like, why would I buy this, like, I already bought that, okay, their itch has already been scratched, that's what you gotta understand, okay, the first time I got this is when we launched 108 Split Test Book, had 108 Split Test Book, and the upsell was our conversion course for 297 bucks, and almost nobody bought this, I was so confused, and so I started emailing the customers, like, why did you not buy this, like, you told me you're interested in Split Test, and I said, well, I bought your Split Test Book, I already have a Split Test, I don't need to test something else, I was like, crap, so the question is, like, what's the next logical thing, if I just got six-pack abs, what's the next thing I need, well, it's like, hey, you're gonna go out, shop, or you're gonna go eat at fast food restaurants, how do you find the food that's actually healthy, like, oh my gosh, that's a good point, I'm gonna be at fast food, that is the next thing, I have six-pack abs, I gotta keep them, well, if I'm gonna eat fast food, oh my gosh, I need that, boom, they're gonna buy that product, the next logical thing, someone just bought my, they bought the Dotcom Secrets, we've got how to build funnels, okay, if my next thing's more funnels, they're not gonna buy it, okay, they bought funnels, and they're mind, that itch has been scratched, what's the next logical thing they need, oh, if you have funnels, you need traffic, or if you have funnels, you need copy, right, that's the next logical thing, so when you look at an info product, book style, unboxing funnel, it's always about what's the next thing they need, now, for this upsell, what's the next logical thing they need, okay, if you don't need that, like, what's the next thing, anyway, I bought Dotcom Secrets, the book, now I bought the copywriting course and how to put the words on the pages, now I need the traffic course, that's the next logical thing, okay, so that's more important, is understanding the logical sequencing of events, then understanding the price points, like this one could be 50 bucks, it could be 500 bucks, this could be 500 bucks, it doesn't matter about that, it just matters if it logically makes sense sequentially, does that make sense, okay, the other thing is that with, if you go back to slides over here, on the upsells, like, these videos are typically very simple, it's not me, in fact, in Dotcom Secrets book, you'll get the scripts for how we do the upsell videos, it's not me like, repitching everything, they already bought this thing, it's just saying, hey, thanks so much for buying the book you just bought, the next people I was asking after the book is like, well, how do I write the copy for the pages, so let me tell you about this thing I created for you, boom, so it's a faster upsell, the upsell videos are typically two to three minutes long, max, they're not longer than that, I'm not trying to resell them on something, they already bought the first thing, I'm just trying to push them over the edge, so like, oh, you also need this as well, like, oh yeah, that makes sense, that's how you position the upsell offers, okay? Now I told you before, I always do, I do max, offer a bump in two upsells, sometimes I set it in two upsells, I'll kill this one right here, and instead what I'll do is I'll add a downsell, okay, so I kill this right here, and then this is my offer by bump, my upsell, my downsell, and that'll be all that I do, okay? So what a downsell is basically, is typically it's like, they said no to this and saying, okay, you didn't want this product for 100 bucks, what if I gave you the digital version for 50? Or maybe you said no to this, because you can't afford 100 bucks, how about we do three payments of 37 bucks, right? So I'm usually downselling either a digital version, or a payment plan or pricing, but it's basically just a downsell like that, okay, it's very simple, very easy, that's usually what my downsell offers are, okay? And then from here, again, upsell number two, if I had that, is the next logical thing, okay? So that's kinda how we do a book funnel. The one last thing that we'll do a lot of times, and this comes back to, I showed you guys, not on this page, but if I showed you guys, or this page, we've been doing it a lot today. Back here, as I've gone through this offer, on the thank you page, a lot of times I'll introduce them to the next funnel, okay? So for example, I call this the thank you page webinar. After someone buys the expert secrets book, on the thank you page, I'm like, sweet, thank you for buying the book, that you've been going through the upsell product, thanks for everything, we appreciate you as a customer. Right now, I'm gonna let your training start today, because obviously you're excited about this, so I wait for the book to show up, we're gonna start this training right here, right now, let's go, and then I will go and I'll jump right immediately into training, and that training is typically a presentation that then sells them on my next thing. So for me, this is like an hour long, or a 90 minute long webinar, about expert secrets, and I talk about that, and then click funnels, and then at the end of it I make a special offer for click funnels. Because it's like broken and it's perceived as training, it seems like another different funnel, and people don't get upset, they go through an hour of training before I ever make an offer, so it's just the next thing. So thank you page webinar is the thing that we use to bridge them to the next stage in the value ladder. Okay, so again, the goal of that is to invite your customers to keep moving through. Okay, so I wanna show you guys why this is so vitally important, the book funnel or unboxing funnels like this, okay, I'm gonna show you guys this in relation to a typical author, okay? So a typical author, like here's some of my friends who have written books and they're all on Amazon, the books are selling for like 15 to 20 bucks, right? So they've got $15 to spend to sell a book, right, in advertising, and so that's the problem, and I'm gonna show you why here in a second, but that's the biggest problem my most authors struggle at selling books. People always ask me, so how in the world have you sold so many copies of your book? Because they don't rely on Amazon, I create funnels that give me the ability to sell unlimited number of my books. We sell thousands of copies every single week now for five years because of these book funnels, okay? So funnels make it possible to sell a lot of books with no advertising budget. So we walk you through the math and the metrics and just hope you understand book funnels and cart funnels a little bit better, okay? So here's the math, basically how the whole thing works, okay? CPA stands for cost per acquisition, how much money does it cost me to get a customer, okay? And I'll break all the details, but that's how much it's gonna cost. ACV is my average cart value, so on average every single person goes through this funnel, how much money do I make from them, okay? So I'm gonna show you guys how this all, this works, okay? So number one, right now we spent about $23 on average on Facebook to sell a copy of one of my books, okay? So that's why, that's my bounty I pay Zuckerberg. Zuckerberg, here's $23, he's like, cool, here's the book customer, okay? So it's costing me $23. Now, if you think about it, if you're selling your book on Amazon and you sell $15, you're already in the hole right there, right? You pay Zuckerberg $23, so you go to Amazon, he buys it $15, you just lost whatever the difference is on there, it's been too long a day for me to do the math in my head right now, but that's why most people can't scale their book campaigns or any campaign, right? So instead we start selling through a funnel, so that works, come back here, here's my book funnel, right? So the very first page here they come and they put in their credit card and the book is free, they just cover $7.95 shipping and handling, okay? So so far, on average I know about 13% of people who have been on the page will give me the $7.95 of shipping and handling, okay? So they've given me $7.95, so my average card value so far is just $7.95, for each customer that came through I've only made $7.95, okay? So I spent $23, I made $7.95, so right now I'm in the hole, right? It's like, crap, I'm not gonna be successful. Now this is where the funnel starts taking place, okay? So 13% of people bought the book, from that 20.8% of people also said yes to the order form bump, see? They paid an extra $37, they said yes, so I also want that as well, okay? So 20.8% of people bought the upsell, and so now I take the $7.95 plus the 20.8% of 37 equals, if I do the math down there, now my average card value is $15.65, okay? So I spent the $27, I made $15.60, so I'm still not breaking even yet, but just wait, we're just in the very beginning of funnel, okay? So now we go to the next step after the order form bump, now I go to upsell number one, it's a $97 course, right now 9.92% of my customers buy the upsell, and 97 bucks, okay? So I take that, so it's $97 times 992, that means I made an additional $6.62, which basically means my average card value now is $25.27, so I spent 27, I made 25, so I'm still in the hole, and this is where upsell number two comes and saves the day, upsell number two happens, it's $297 of course, 4.19% of people take the second upsell, now my average card value bumps up to $37.71, so if you look at that, means I spent $23 to Zuckerberg on Facebook, I made $37.71 on average for every single book that I sold, which means I made $14.71, and I got a customer, okay? So you see how that works, when I do it that way, I don't have an advertising budget, because they say, well how much money do you spend on every day on books? I'm like, well, if every time I spend $23, I make $37.71, I make $14 for every book I sell, I can sell as many as I want, I'm gonna sell 1,000 a week, 2,000 a week, 5,000 a week, okay? Just cranking up the outspends, as much as I can possibly handle, okay? That is the big secret, okay? So if you look at this, when your average card value is bigger than your ad spend, you can grow your list without any limits. Does that make sense? So that's the magic, you guys, if you start understanding that. Okay, when I spend $27 to get a customer, and I make $37, I get cash, and I get a customer, now I can start sending out the value ladder. Okay, from the last session, we talked about the value of a list. A list is valuable, it's even more valuable than a list is the buyer list, these are the people who've paid money for information. They're more valuable to me, okay? And so that's what these book phones do, they create customers for you, okay? Okay. The