We have click funnels, we drive leads from so many different places. We get over a thousand people a day who sign up for click funnels accounts. And so they're coming, it's just close to 2,000 there right now. They're coming from everywhere, right? We have so many funnels out there, grab people and bring them in. We found this stuff because some people come in one direction and they come in and they don't understand anything about funnels or marketing. They come in, they create click funnels account because they think it's exciting and they're there for a day or two and they're like, I don't know, this doesn't make any sense. What's Russell talking about? Why is he so excited? And then they just leave. And then they go through this training and this training and this training and they show up, they get a click funnels account and they understand that they got the context. They understand our language and all those things and because of that they stay for five years and they make millions of dollars, right? And so I was like, how do we get everybody indoctrinated so they understand our language so that they become our dream customers? How do we take all the cold hard masses and bring them to a spot where we can take them through a step by step process, helps develop them into our dream customers so on the back side of it now we can actually serve them and we can take them to the next level. And so I had a couple of friends doing this. The first was Natasha Hazel. She was the first one who I ever saw kind of really pioneered this and she spoke at last year's Funnel Hacking Live showing the whole model. It was amazing. And she had one of our clients, Christy Code Red, who spoke Funnel Hacking Live showing their challenge funnels as well. Garrett White launched from about the same time and I funnel hacked his like 2,500 times. Whole bunch of other things and got really good at these challenge funnels. And so last year we did a test with ClickFunnels and we said, okay, let's do our first challenge funnel and we launched it. We got a ton of you guys in here. And we guys have gone through the challenge funnel. Okay, if you've done the one funnel way challenge now in the comments below, like tell me, like, yes, it was amazing. Yes, I did it. Whatever it is, tell us about it. But we did the first challenge. We tested it. It was last year about this time. Took a huge group of people through, did the challenge and then we kind of waited. We waited for four or five months before we did it again and we just started watching the stats and I looked at how much was the person who went through the challenge funnel work to us long term, right? Through the rest of the value ladder. And by taking people through this challenge that helped take the coal hard masses, helped them to understand our language, our vocabulary, the core things like how to build an offer, what's hook story, like hook story offer, how do you build an offer, how do you create a product like how you drive traffic, how do you create videos, like how you tell a story, like all the core things that need to be successful. We taught all those things in the chronological order and the end of it, the end and also now they're running on the ClickFunnels journey. A couple of things. Number one is that their success rate on the backside was so much higher than anything we've done prior to that. Number two is it became more compliant customers. They understood us better. They understood how to use the software. They didn't ask, I mean right now the biggest problem with ClickFunnels customer support is people who are asking questions about software because they understand the core fundamentals of a funnel, right? They're trying to figure out how do I do this? That's not a funnel. That'd be like an e-commerce. You have to strategically think about things. So customer support dropped down dramatically because they understood the core fundamentals of funnel building, right? Number three is that some people don't like me. They don't like my style. They don't like to talk too fast or I mumble too much or maybe they, whatever. And the people who just weren't good fits for us or our culture or community, they left and they went away. They went through three days and they're like, this guy is annoying and they took off. And then our raving fans were developed and created and they became better customers. We looked at the lifetime value of those people over the next four, five, six months. I don't have the numbers in front of me, but dramatically, insanely higher. And then so we got so excited, we started doing it like once a month, we started doing a challenge or once every six weeks, we do a challenge. And the same thing happened. Then every month we started doing it. And right now we have every other week, a new challenge is launching. We have whole teams now doing the challenges, but it's one of the most powerful things we've added to our company at ClickFunnels. It's just something that I think all of you guys should be looking at. How can you incorporate a challenge into what you're doing, especially at the beginning tiers of your value ladder, right? If you look at my value ladder, someone comes into this. If you notice, like I showed you guys the Summit Funnels, what's the episode? Our challenge. Our book, some of us, our book, what's the episode? The challenge. Everything we're pushing people to is through a challenge. If they buy a book funnel here, I take a book funnel and then I take them through the challenge funnel. Because if I get someone to go through the challenge funnel, they're likely to success and everything else in the value ladder dramatically goes up. And so I think everybody, if you can figure out how can you do a challenge? I see people now doing challenges for e-commerce products as well. How do you use our product line to be able to get this result? So the best way to do challenges is here's a good result. So for ours, it's how to build your first or your next funnel in the next 30 days. I'll show some of those with the Christy Code Red. How do you lose your first or your next 10 pounds? Something very tangible that people can look at and get excited by. So here's what a challenge funnel looks like the page is. It's very similar to the other unboxing funnel you've seen before. Instead of the offer or selling is an actual challenge, order form up, upsells, upsells, and makey page. So again, the framework is very similar. The art we're weaving into these pages is a little bit different. So this is Natasha Hazel. She's one who kind of invented this model. This is her challenge funnel. So she wrote a book called Unstoppable Influence and she actually launched a book funnel initially and just didn't have a ton of success. It wasn't like making enough money to be profitable on Facebook ads. And so she said, what if instead of selling the book, we create a challenge? I think at the time it was 47 bucks for the challenge. I'm giving the book for free. And so she put this thing together, she launched it and it's selling her book completely out and then they're like buying more copies of the book and doing more challenges and she's one that's really kind of defined and created so much of this stuff. This is her challenge page. And you see her 21 day challenge becoming a fearless influencer that you were meant to be. So people go with that challenge, then the order form bump, then she upsells the digital audio versions of the book. You see that is the order form bump. Then you move to upsell number one. Upsell number one, she sells her accountability coaching for an extra $67 and then upsell number two, they sell the Unstoppable Journal and the Unstoppable Workbook. So that's kind of how her challenge funnel looks. There's the pages. You see how it works? The front page there is here's the challenge. It's going to be a 30 day live thing. Come through it. Boom, there's the audiobook version. It's a tic-tac offer. Hey, you bought the book. Do you want the audiobook version? Yeah, boom, easy tic-tac offer. Then the next logical thing. You're going through this challenge. You want personal accountability? The next logical thing? Yeah, I would actually love personal accountability. Cool. That's the next logical thing. It's like, hey, do you want the journal and the workbook to go with the training? That's the next logical thing. That makes a lot of sense. So you see how the sequencing of her offers how it works. As you guys start buying things in the future, I hope you start watching this. When you buy any product, slow down and watch. How are they doing the sequencing? What's the product? What's the order form bump? What's the downsell? What's the upsell? What's the logical thing? The more you start watching this, the more you're noticing it. I guarantee you'll be able to look at the funnel. That upsell made no sense because it didn't logically connect to the last thing in this ball. I guarantee the conversion rates are low. You'd be right. Or you'd be like, oh my gosh, that makes perfect sense. That's the next logical thing I need. I bet this one's crushing it and you're probably going to be right. The more you start understanding these core fundamental principles, they're not complicated. It's just logical sense. You can start seeing these things over and over again. You're like, oh my gosh, you can start becoming a funnel consultant because you'll see what's right, what's wrong. As you create your own funnels, you'll know exactly what to do. This is Christy Coret's challenge. This is when Natasha's a student. She also spoke a photo I can live last year. She's awesome. It's a 10-pound takedown. I lose her first, she had to get 10 pounds. That was the challenge. From there, she's got an order form bump. I can't see close enough. She's got an order form bump on there. From there, she's got her one-time offer for her whole kit with water bottles and stuff like that. Then from there is the next thing. Again, same structure, just different art, different offers, different things she plugged in. When she was trying to figure out what is her offer going to be, she had her offer potential palestinator. It was a little different than Natasha's. She's like, oh, I want to put this in there and this in there and this in there. Mine's a little different. If you look at mine, here's my challenge. Our one funnel way challenge. How long is your first year, next funnel online? Boom, there's the number one. Is the challenge we're selling? Then from here, we upsell the funnel audibles training course. You create a funnel, if it fails, do you want to be aware of it? Do you want to know how to fix it? Yes, boom, take that offer. I'm building a funnel. What if it fails? Here's how to fix the failing funnel. Boom, there's a funnel audibles offer. Then from there, it's like, hey, I've got a challenge. I've got a funnel. What's the next logical thing I need? Oh, you need traffic. Here's the traffic secret training course. Boom. Again, I only have one upsell on here. I could do two. I could do down. I could do different variations, but I just made that's it for this funnel and it's profitable for us. I kept it at just less upsells. You don't always have to have two upsells. Again, this is the art in the science. For this one, we had one product, order form bump, and one upsell, and that's it. You can do that as well. That's a challenge funnel. You see how it works? It takes all the cold, hard masses. They come through here and they go through the challenge. There's a lot of ways you can fulfill your challenge funnel. You guys have seen ours. When someone comes in, it's the third day training. They get a video for me every single day talking about the high level strategy. They get a video from Julie Storre talking about the tactical step-by-step how to do something, and they get Stephen Larson who comes in who helps to clarify things and give you the push and the butt you need to get the next level. Every single day, there's a live element of that. It's coming live inside of our Facebook group. There's a community, a whole bunch of stuff. Right now, we do a challenge every two weeks. Every two weeks, we get anywhere from 1,000 to 2,000 people who are coming through these challenges. Every day, it's always happening. It's developing and creating our highest level customers who then come into the next step of our value ladder and they're more successful. They have more fun. They have more success. They're easier to work with and have lower customer support. They understand the core fundamentals. They pick things up faster. So many good things happen when somebody goes through a challenge funnel like that. My question for you to start thinking is if challenge funnel is the thing you're going to be focusing on at first, what's the end result you can get for someone? How can you craft something and create something that develops and designs your dream customers for you?