Summers White, his strategy for filling his book of consulting business is I think one of the most interesting that I have ever seen because Summers does not like to market or promote himself but he likes to be busy and he likes to do a lot of consulting work and he does a fair amount of it with speakers. So Summers makes himself a center of relationships between all these other speakers and what Summers has done now for 15 years is the night before the National Speakers Association Convention. He used to do it in the same hotel, they won't let him do it there anymore. But actually what they took away makes it work better ironically. He holds a big formal dinner now in another hotel close to in walking distance if possible to the convention hotel. It's by invitation only. There will probably be, I don't know, 2,025 hundred people to convention and there's probably like 10% of that. There's probably 250, 300 people at Summers dinner. Anybody been? You have, you have, you have, you have, you were there last year, weren't you? How'd you get in? So Summers throws this dinner and he makes a big deal out of getting an invitation and getting a cup. And he sort of strategically picks people that he thinks he can hook together one way or another thereby creating obligation from both to him because he's the one who put him together. He strategically picks people who are going to make him look good by what they say about him. He strategically picks people that he wants to get his clients but will never overtly suggest to them that they should be clients. And so it's all by invitation. And so now in the evening, and this is formal, you, this is a formal dinner. So ladies gowns, gentlemen, suits are okay but tuxedos are suggested. So now the first thing that happens is this is the night before the industry convention, right? So now coming out of the elevators and marching through the lobby of the hotel as everybody else is checking in and arriving or hanging out in the lobby and greeting their friends is this army of dressed to the nines members of the association. Where are they going? How come I'm not going? What is this? They're going to summer's white dinner. And then by the way, about four hours later they all march back in of course while everybody else is hanging out in the cocktail lounge and arriving late and checking in, in comes 250 people in a swarm in tuxedos and long gowns all yammering about the dinner that they were just at that you didn't get to go to and you didn't get an invitation to. So now everybody's what went on. They want to know what went on and the thing they weren't a part of so they're all talking about it. And they all want to get an invitation for next year. How can I get an invitation? Can you get me an invitation? I'm sure you got everybody who goes gets the can you get me in? Can you get me in? Can you get me in? Can you get me in? So you really have sort of superseded the association's entire convention with this event. Even at the dinner he, he force seats everybody so you're seated where he puts you. He divides couples so you don't get to sit together. Which has one guy said to me, you know, I've been trying not to sit next to her for 20 years. It's the greatest thing I've ever had. So, so he divide, you know, I could finally have a dinner in peace. So, so he divides the couples. They don't get to sit next to each other. And he has very meticulous, and God knows how much time he picks up. He puts on this. But he has put you next to somebody, across from somebody who you are going to connect with. You're, there's some reason for you to be there that in conversation will surface and you're going to be able to do business with each other or you're going to be able to, you're going to want to endorse his book or, you know, so he's really creating without ever calling this, it sort of a networking, joint venture kind of opportunity. Then he goes around with a microphone prior to the first course and in between courses and stands people up. It appears to people almost a random, but it isn't. He stands people up and he interviews them with like, real quick, two or three questions. One of that is he's talked to every single one of these people. He's figured out what he's going to ask them. He sort of almost fed them what he wants them to say. And he is standing up everybody, giving them their little moment in the sun and having them talk in a way that makes him in part sound like a, and of course everybody's very gracious because why wouldn't you be gracious, right? You're like obligated to be gracious. So without a lot of prompting, everybody gives their answers, but also says something nice about summers. So it's about probably 10% of the entire time is like a giant infomercial, you know, for summers white that nobody really takes it as that. And then halfway through the dinner, there's numbers under the plates and everybody, well, the women's they put in the guys' move, right? Yeah. And the guys got to get up and move and it reshuffles where everybody seated and everybody sits back down. Now you meet four new people, right? Which the second thing was done strategically and deliberately just like the first group. So now everybody has connected with eight other people during the night and you've had an opportunity to talk to each other. Plus he stood everybody up and kind of showcased who they are and what they do and what they're all about. And so at the end now, everybody's trying to find this guy's trying to get over here to talk to this one and this one's getting over here and talking to this one and so forth. And then at the end, then they all march back to the hotel and create this giant to-do when they all are getting out of cabs and walking in and they're all dressed to the nines and everybody sees it and everybody wants to be a part. He books his whole year of business this way. This is it. It's all he does. There's never, by the way, never a pitch. There's never a strong take away, but there's never a big pitch either. But it's very clear, obviously, by the end of the evening that he does consulting. He does private consulting. He accepts clients for long term private coaching relationships and he speaks. And for this person, he's done this. For this person, he's done that. For this person, he's done this. But it's very smoothly, elegantly done. It's the whole marketing because two things happen. A bunch of immediate business comes out of it. People now come to him or call him up and I was at the dinner and, you know, take me. I heard what you did for this person. I heard what you did for take me. The second thing that happens is everybody refers to him because he has obligated us all. Now, I would refer to him anyway under certain circumstances because he does a great job and I've sent clients to him. But I will tell you, I am more prone to refer to him than I would be without the dinner. And I don't even go over a year. But that kind of makes me think more during the year. I'm almost looking for an opportunity to refer somebody to him, to sort of discharge this obligation because there is really no other way to discharge the obligation. So I don't know what the number is. I can tell you, in my case, I probably send him three or four good clients a year. Without the dinner, I might send them one. If that's the multiple across the board, he's got all the clients he can handle for a decade. He does no other marketing. I don't think he's got a brochure. He sends out a little packet of testimonial letters and stuff. And marketing is not very sophisticated. He does nothing else to get business but this. Now, this thing, he writes a big check for this. I mean, this is a big hotel dinner and there's champagne on the table and there's five courses and there's 300 people. I mean, you've written a sizable check. But it's the only check he's ever got to write all year long. By putting people together, he obligates both sides of that equation. And everything that turns out well, of course, we all feel, you know, gee, he connected me with this guy. Gee, he connected me with this guy. I got to connect him with somebody. I mean, the message is implicit. It's never expressed. But it's there. I'm connecting you with people. You should be connecting me with people. And he puts himself in the center of all these people who now have the ability and the obligation to connect him with people. It's really a spectacular strategy that I have rarely seen replicated but certainly is replicatable by anybody in a niche. It's replicatable in a community. And really, who gets invited to a big special VIP, meet important people, you know, kind of dinner, are in good or go. And by the way, the formal thing is very smart. Let me tell you why the formal thing is very smart. Because the women all like to dress up in formal gowns and get to wear them somewhere. So they're like pushing. Let's go, let's go, let's go, let's go. On two occasions, I've gone more because Carla wanted to go. I mean, I'd have got out of it. And quite frankly, I don't think she'd want to go if it wasn't for the fact that everybody was dressing up in formal gowns. So it's a very smart thing on his part. Also all guys look better in tuxes. So I mean, an ugly guy looks better in a tux. So you automatically improve the appearance of the crowd just by putting them in tuxes. So I've watched him, this is many years. And I understood what he was doing the minute I saw it. And I thought it was brilliant. And I thought it was replicatable. Mark McCormick, if you don't know the name. Mark built the first sports management agency. It's called International Management Group, IMG. And prior to him, athletes had, they had a manager, they had an agent, they had a lawyer, they had a CPA, they had a money manager, they had money. And so he took it all. And we're going to put it all under one roof and we're going to do it all for them. And essentially we're going to get all that money. The breakthrough for Mark was Arnold Palmer. Much like the breakthrough for Peter was Ronald Reagan. The breakthrough was Palmer. Palmer was the first client Mark had of any name whatsoever. But as soon as you had Palmer in 1968, 69, 70, something like that. Now everybody wanted to be where Arnold Palmer was. And as soon as you could talk about Arnold Palmer, you could get anybody and everybody to pay attention to you. Bill and Steve Harrison have published radio, TV interview report, book marketing update, so forth, as with the other day. Their two greatest assets are two clients, Mark Victor Hanson and Robert Kiyosaki. Because if you hold up Mark Victor Hanson and Robert Kiyosaki in front of a bunch of authors, they're like rabbit dogs. They want to be where those guys are. So the strategy is who can I put myself with? Who can I get as a client? Who can I somehow connect myself with who already has reputation that is magnetic to the constituency that I am trying to attract? You instantly leap by doing that. The other two be somebody's strategies that are really important to talk about actually require now some skills. One is speak. And many of you in the room do. And so you know the power of it. You get a lot of credit just because you are able and willing to step to the front of the room and not embarrass yourself. Because most of them are terrified by it. Many of them have tried it, didn't do well, didn't like it. Plus there is the Benton Barton, Durstin and Stupa did the ad campaign factor. He's up there. They put him up there. He's delivering a presentation on X. He's an expert. He really knows something. Now I know thousands of speakers and I can tell you none of that is true. In some cases it is, but it's certainly not required. All this required is that you step the front of the room to a presentation. But you instantly get a lot of power because you do. It's also a very efficient way to promote yourself because you do it to groups instead of to individuals and you let them surface and you let them come to you. I would say to you if you're going to be in the coaching and the consulting business, you've got to get good at speaking. You can't like not do it and you can't like do it badly. You've got to get good at it. It's not the most difficult thing to get good at, but you've got to get good at it. You've got to have at least one stump speech, one key speech about your one best thing that you have down pat and you're really good at delivering. You only need one. You can live off of one for a long time. I lived off of magnetic marketing for 14 years. But you've got to have it. It should be practiced and it should be polished and it should be perfected and it should be so you can be woke up in the middle of the night and they give you three words and you can come out of a dead sleep and start where they gave it to you and roll and get it right. It's a real important asset. It almost doesn't matter whether it's a group of 10 or a group of 100 or a group of 1000. You gain so much power by being up there that it's such a valuable asset that not to develop it doesn't make a great deal of sense. So you want to work on it and you want to get good at it and you want to develop it and you want to own it. The most important thing to know about that is that it like everything else you do ought to be strategic and purposeful. Meaning that the speech has an objective or a set of objectives and it's important to understand what those objectives are. In the context of this discussion there are the objectives are that they are going to cause people to come to you chase you down in the halls seek you out call you after the fact and beg you to accept them as clients. That's its purpose. In some arenas you may actually be signing you may be doing a presentation to directly sign somebody up into a coaching program or directly sign them up into a subscription and that's really platform selling. But short of that you are at least in every environment your objective is to cause them to chase you down and beg you to take them. Now that means you got to sacrifice some competing objectives. For example your objective can't be to get a standing ovation. That has to be irrelevant to you. Your objective can't be to have a whole crowd of people standing around afterwards talking to you because actually you don't want a big crowd you want a small crowd of people who are ready able and willing to give you money and the big crowd just gets in the way. So the person who takes satisfaction and glory and happiness in all 200 of the people that they were just in front of at the chamber meeting or wherever they were all wanting to gather around and tell them how great they enjoyed the speech and tell them a story or show them something sad so good. You want to you easily want to drive away a hundred eighty of them. I mean you want the twenty around you to be ready able and willing to give you money. You have to sacrifice in some cases the total satisfaction of the host who gave you the speaking opportunity. They may not be totally thrilled with what it is that you do up there and for the most part doesn't matter. You have to be very purposeful and very strategic about the speech just as you would be about everything else we've talked about today and that means every word has to move them towards separation and the ones who are ready able and willing to give you money to surface and come up and chase you down and try and give you money. Every word every story every if you if you do use humor every piece of humor every example you show. So for example let's say you're speaking to a group of business owners none of whom none of whom are dentists then showing them a dentist example or talking about a dentist no matter how instructive that example may be and how relevant it is to what you teach you shouldn't do it it's a waste because none of them will relate to it because they're not dentists and so you just sucked up three minutes or five minutes or eight minutes of time and space doing something that does not move them further to where you want them to be. If you have a pet story you like to tell about your kid or your dog or your boating trip or whatever if it doesn't advance the movement of the segment of the audience who can and will give you money scrap the story. Tell a story that's not nearest good but that serves the strategic purpose of what it is that you are there to do. If you want to speak as a hobby that's one thing but if you want to speak to drive this business then the speech has to be built to drive this business every minute of it every word of it every item of it. Most again most speakers are not that strategic about what what what what they do they don't think about who they're trying to attract who they're trying to repel what they may say that will resonate with the right people how to get them to come to them how overt or unover to be and so they build a speech sort of like what do I want to talk about or what will the audience like or what will be funny or and they go give it and sometimes people like it but it doesn't lead anywhere and you need it to lead somewhere. I'm a friend who not long ago had his first and only speaking opportunity to promote his business and it was a very good opportunity and he went and he spoke about thousand people there and he should have come out of there with half a million dollars not immediately I'm not talking about books and tapes at the back of the room but I'm talking about business and hardly anything has happened from it and he said I can't understand it you know I was brilliant I was you know mesmerizing I shared tremendous information they laughed they cried they clapped they all gathered around me afterwards yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah. Did anybody record it? Yeah they record it. Sorry get the recording transcribed send me the transcription. The problem is obvious 90 minutes the guy never mentioned what he does. Never. No once. So how would you know you're supposed to come hire him? I mean he didn't take it away he didn't put it out he didn't do anything. He gave a great speech and went home and is perplexed at the fact that it didn't turn into any money you got to like point him in the direction you want him to go. The last thing on this list and we'll take a few questions and then we'll ultimately break for dinner so very shortly I'm just going to do open Q&A so if any of you want to play you might want to come up to the table. The last thing on this list will for some of you be the worst piece of news you've had all day but here it is anyway. The truth is you got to write and you're going to have to get good at that too. Now a lot of my clients they act as if putting on a newsletter once a month is like giving birth to triplet elephants and you would think it is the most horrifying difficult agonizing thing they've ever been asked to do in their life let alone four newsletters, weekly faxes, white papers, special reports, on and on and on. You can't find anybody in our world and in most other worlds who has built a really significant coaching business or a really significant consulting business who is not a writer. Now I don't mean by that you know Hemingway but I do mean certain things. It is necessary. It is the primary means of communication and bonding between you and your client is the written word and everything from the little memos that control their behavior at the meeting to the newsletter to the article to the sales letter you got to be able to write. If you pay to have it all done for you and you get it done by somebody who is any good they will have all the money because it is really the single most important, most valuable and most expensive part of all this business. It is infinitely easier for me to teach somebody how to run a coaching meeting than it is to get somebody to sustain clients over years because they have to be able to write. And so for somebody I know a piece of news you didn't necessarily want to hear but in the interest of completeness I give it to you. I also tell you that it is my profound belief anybody can get good at it. It is actually easier to get good at it than to get good at speaking because there are some things that you can do it in private. It doesn't actually require you to get up here and be vulnerable and emotionally naked. I mean you can hide with your computer and turn out the product but you got to be good at it and there are certain things about it that are like essential. You have got to be, well I lost a whole thing here I wanted to do but where my writing page went, well I will just do it the hard way. You got to be prolific. You got to be able to turn out a lot of stuff. Now that's more a matter of how much stuff you got to work from than it is anything else but you got to be able to turn out a lot of stuff. You've got to be able to write persuasively. You've got to be able to reinforce your reputation, your fact list, all of the things you want them to know all the time through your writing. So it is far from just an exercise of writing. It is almost an exercise of strategic thinking that then leads to writing. And the writing actually is the short part of the process. Only takes a few hours for example on my end to turn out a newsletter but it takes all month to plan what I am going to turn it out about in what order and what I am trying to accomplish and then to make sure I have covered all the bases. I have covered my facts list. That takes more time. The writing, not that hard. But it is about being persuasive, about being good at reinforcing what it is that you want people to know about you and being able to deliver the same fundamental core competencies to people over a long period of time, hold their interest in them without having any new core competencies. So we all only got a handful, two handfuls, three handfuls of things to teach. Now we have to find ways to tell new stories about them, different stories, put them in different contexts. And so there is a lot to this but it is important that you get good at it. Some of you I know, some of you are very good at it already. Some of you are. It is not so good but a lot better than you were a few years ago. Some of you of course I don't know at all. But it is a pretty significant part of success in this field and success in this business. Having been asked about it many times, somewhere in your notebook you are going to find, I don't know how I got myself out of order but I did. But somewhere in your notebook there is a pink page, or there should be a pink page that I don't know where it is. Isn't this awful? Is it 105? Good for you. 106. 106, 105? I am sure glad I numbered the pages. It would have been a real mess if I had numbered the pages. Yeah, thank you. 105 and 106. I have been asked about it many times and so if enough want to do it, late in the year I will do a workshop just on that. What I would call influential writing. And we will dissect and take apart things and show you why they are done the way they are. Get you some formulas you can work off of, workshop your stuff, spend time just on this. If enough of you want to do it, I will be happy to do it and to do the preparatory work to do it. You will come out of it better organized, more conscious of why I do what I do the way I do it and how you can emulate it in your own style. You will come out of it with some templates and some formulas. You will come out of it with some checklist that will be a benefit to you on an ongoing basis and you will come out of it with your stuff heavily and thoroughly critiqued, painfully in front of other people and improved so that you have a better model of your own stuff to work from. It honest to God does not matter to me whether we do it or not so it really is entirely up to you. Not up to me. Not up to me. You beat it up. You are up. I just have a complex question. It does not matter if it is complex as long as it is quick. You have mentioned a few different times not to do written proposals but then you also to say to have everything in writing. Where does that line come in where you put it down on paper? Well first of all when I say I mean everything in writing I mean all of the control elements okay so we are never going to work without a contract for example and incredibly a lot of people do. We are never going to do anything without a paper trail and by that I mean if you and I have a conversation while you are here or we have a conversation on the phone that in any way affects the work that I am doing for you. You are going to get a follow up fact for me that says while we were in Reston you mentioned X to me and I said we would do Y and I just wanted to verify that that is what we are doing. Now that does not require a response. I am not asking you to sign off on anything but I have paper trailed our conversation because we will never have you will not have a memory of what our conversation was a week a month a year from now and I at least want to be able to pull out a piece of paper. My philosophy on proposals is that the very premise of them is wrong. So some of this is semantic but some of it is beyond semantic. Your doctor does not give you a proposal he gives you a prescription. And so he does not propose that you lose 25 pounds and get on this prescription drug. He says here go get this drug. So in the same way, behaviorally, philosophically and semantically we do not want to propose things to them. We want to prescribe things to them. And the proposal document really is a bad sales presentation. You know it is really what it is. So at bare minimum what you want to be doing is semantic changes to it so that you are delivering the action plan or the work plan or almost anything but a proposal. But more importantly is to try and get to a point where you go from consultation to contract with no stopping in between. So for example in everybody I work with at the end of that day we have outlined we have identified what they are going to go do sort of their game plan and if there is a part of it that I am going to deliver now has work product in my case it is copyrighted. We have agreed on what that project is going to be. In some cases I will have gone ahead and calculated what it is going to cost them and laid the money out there actually in most cases. In some cases I will not have and I will be thinking it over. But then what they get is a contract and tomorrow by the way I will show you contracts. And the contract fully outlines what the work product is going to be, what the project is going to be, what the payment is going to be, what the rules of conduct are going to be. You know it is all there. I see no reason for written proposals unless of course you are dealing with you are not dealing with a decision maker and now there is going to be a bunch of other people involved in getting to the decision which you really do not want to be in that position to start with. I mean when we talk about getting clients tomorrow one of the things that whether you are corporate or not corporate my insistence is you should never be talking to underlings and you should never be spending time with anybody who cannot make a decision and give you money. So if that is the case then why do we need a written proposal? Why can't we go right to contract? And so I think the proposal is just a place to get lost. Furthermore if we had no other reason not to do it it would be that almost all consultants do it. And if for no other reason we ought to know it is not the thing to do. And speaking about writing I am working on a book to establish expertise, published author thing and thinking about your NoBS books and they are more of a lead generation tool to a large degree to get your name out there and get people exposed to you. How do you write those kinds of books about your area of expertise, your topic? They contain plugs for additional resources and stuff, but how do you balance what you leave in and what you leave out to sort of tease them to want to go further and deeper? I view the book as predominantly a very long form sales letter disguised. So the first thing about writing the books is I sort of, I don't work from outlines, but I do work from a little short list again of the who I'd like to raise out of the muck and have excited responding to this thing and what four or five key message points I want to hammer home that will resonate with those targeted prospects. It's also very significant, I think, that like with anything else, I am perfectly willing to repel and offend people who I don't particularly care whether or not they respond to the book or not. Publishing company book editors, by the way, have a very tough time with that concept. My editor on two of the NoBS books, for example, for Entrepreneur Press, is a militant feminist of unknown sexual orientation who lives in a, well, you can edit the tape, don't be, who lives in one of the three most liberal states in the country. Those to say she's not fond of my material. So I have an editor who is like setting herself on fire with all of the ways that I'm offending militant feminists like her who live in liberal states, you know, and she just never could get it through her head that I want to offend them. It's not even that I don't care, I actually want to send them on their way. I'm sure there's somebody they'll be a great fit with, but not me, you know. And so I'm perfectly willing, you know, to do that and almost, you know, deliberate about it. Then to sort of more, to try and more tightly answer your question of how much you give away and how much you don't give away. The first part of that answer is that it is not actually, it's usually not deadly to give away a lot, to show a lot, especially if what you show is now complicated to implement. Because, I mean, look, so for years, so there's nobody who's ever hired me for a copywriting assignment that I can maybe four or five, but almost everybody who hires me to write copy owns magnetic marketing, they own the ultimate sales letter, and in many cases they own copywriting in a box. And that, you know, I'm like showing you what I'm going to do. You know, it's not like you couldn't go do it, but it actually makes them all the more prefer to have you do it or help them one-on-one or whatever. So for the most part, the fears and concerns of revealing too much in book or other product or seminar, they really do not get in the way of people trying to hire you. Years ago, Bob Neuart was the first person to do a comedy record ever. And the record companies wanted to do them, but they couldn't get any comedians to do them because they all believed that if they put their act on a record, now nobody would want to come see them in a club. It obviously works exactly in the opposite way. The more it's on a record, the more they want to come see the guy in the club, and they want to see the routine. They've already heard 600 times on the record, and they know. And so Bob Neuart will tell you, you know, when they close the lid on the coffin, somebody's going to be yelling, do the driving instructor because he can't go anywhere and not do the driving instructor routine, and the people can like almost sing along, you know, with the driving instructor routine. Similarly, I think when you show what you do, but you show it in a way that demonstrates expertise and makes them think, okay, I could do this, but in a million years, I'll never do it quite as good as he does. So I'd sure like to get him to do it, or I'd sure like to get him to help me. So, you know, look, I reveal a lot in the books. I don't really worry about that. It's more about the order in which they're being, you know, it's more about sales letter structure for the revelations. Then I think the other thing I would tell you about the books is that they really ought to be story books more than anything else. And so a simple way to think about this is you're writing a story book. And so you're telling stories about, preferably, your clients, their successes, their case histories, as well as well known and famous peoples and companies, which if they're intermingled, by the way, you kind of get credit for both of them, even though you weren't taking credit for Starbucks. But because you told this story about Starbucks in between the story about your client that, you know, revolutionized it, it turned an Italian restaurant into an empire and this other client who doesn't own a retail store, you kind of get credit for all three of them. Plus, again, who you connect yourself with defines who you are, right? And, you know, I'm far from being above using who's hot. I mean, you know, in the last couple of years, I talked more about Trump than I ever did before. It's not because I wasn't aware of Trump. It's because everybody else wasn't aware of Trump. But now that everybody else isn't aware of Trump, I want to talk about Trump a lot. Because he's in their minds. They're seeing him on TV. He's everywhere. So I'd like to be connected to him in people's little brains when they hear Trump. They think Kennedy when, you know, they let God us together. So really, you're right in storybooks. And if you'll notice, like in my case, I mean, there's profound difference in structure, format, and style in the Adams books, the Alderman Sales Letter book and the Alderman Marketing Plan book, than there is in the No BS books. The No BS books are very conversational, very speech, very personality driven. The Adams books are really almost textbooky, but hopefully not deadly dull and boring. And so they are really written to be reference books. And consequently, they have had that kind of a long life, 91 and 93 respectively. And in some bookstores now they're in the reference book section. They're not in the marketing book section. So they are like Rojay's, the Zarrus. They are, you know, they hopefully stay there forever. The earlier editions of those were also when I was doing a lot of speaking. So I was looking for speaking gigs. So there's stuff, if you took the original edition, a marketing plan sales letter, and compared it to the current edition, one of the things you would see that was changed is references to when I was in such and such place speaking for such and such a company, this policy, I don't want to attract speaking invitations right now. So I got to get that out of there and put in what I do want to attract. Is that helpful? The other big thing I'll tell you about the book thing is don't make a big thing out of it. As soon as you say book, everybody's like underwear tightens up. It's about 12 newsletters is a book, a page a day, more than you need. And at best, as a lead generation device, they're not great. They're OK. What typically happens is, you're business too. So with a business book, is you will get small numbers of really good leads. You won't get big numbers of anything. And there's all sorts of things. I get smarter and smarter about it. So there's all sorts of things you want to think through. For example, if I had my, if I had my brother's a new contract I'm negotiating, I want to promotional pages in the CD in the front of the book, not in the back of the book, right? Because they may never get to the back of the book. You want a sticker that there's a free offer so that they go find it. You don't want them to rely on reading the book in order to find it. Because most of the books that are bought are never read. That's the bottom line of the book, business. Most of the books that are bought are never read. So, as a lead generation device, it's OK. It's a really good lead generation device if you are able to build some kind of a big promotion around it that drives a lot of leads through a capture system. Then it's really useful. It has a credibility tool that's spectacular. It has a brochure that's better than any brochure you'll ever build. We'll talk more tomorrow about how to get clients. But as I say, I only had a brochure for one year my entire life. The rest of the time I sent books and testimonial letters. I mean, that's what I did. And it's funny, I used to have this conversation with speakers. You know, oh, because I would send every book I had. So if I had three books out by then we sent all three books to everyone. Well, a box with three books in it, that's real expensive. I mean, if they weren't good enough lead to spend 10 bucks on, 15 bucks on, what are you doing processing them at all? But no, nothing beats a book. It has a credibility tool. People attach enormous authority and expertise and all of that to it. All, as I say, grossly undeserved. But now that you got a lot of content, really figure out the sales structure. What do I want to have happen when, you know, who do I want to pull out of this to attract to me? If you read Gidomer's book, the little red book of selling. I think they all did. Okay. One of the things Jeff did brilliant with is make that book about really, it's a book for sale to convince sales managers to buy the book in huge quantities and give it to the salesman. And it's right there in the book. So it pretends to be a book for sale, but it's really a book for sales managers to get it to buy the book if you're always talking about salespeople. First, what do you know? So there's like a purpose of what do I want to happen here? Who do I want to never rise up? Paul. I have a question from today, Dianne. One was, you know, Ben and I always talk about how you're a great strategist. And one of the things you talked about was the whole idea of using celebrity or celebrities in your profiles. And I know one of your members went to his pitch and I saw you use somebody. And can you talk about the little bit of the strategy and how you would position that or use that, whether it's photos with them or helping them or working with them or what you would do there? Any or all of those things. Look, the only thing you can do with a celebrity that will work against you is get arrested with them while they are bringing their drugs in from another company. Okay? And that would hurt. Other than that, you know, like you can't go wrong. So now it's about how much can you get? Now the first thing you should know, and everybody ought to know, is there's lots of opportunities to connect yourself to celebrities for free. And most people squander those. They don't even take advantage of those. So like I've been moaned for 25 years, there's not a week to go to my chiropractor friends, there's not a week that goes by that in some newspaper or magazine, you can't find an article about some Hollywood celebrity, Olympic athlete, pro athlete who is swearing that if they weren't seeing their chiropractor, they'd be crippled. And nobody ever uses those articles. I remember Joe Montana was still playing for the 49ers, the last Super Bowl-y one. There was a big article in the National Enquirer about Joe Montana and his chiropractor. Well, I mean, what do you need? That gives you Joe Montana for free. That's what it does if you're a chiropractor and nobody uses it. I mean, it's remarkable to me. On a paid basis, if that's what you're asking about, a very abbreviated answer to the question is this. When you rent them or buy them, hire them, there's different levels of usage and that has an impact on how much money. So there's everything from, I'm going to use your picture and this little statement, this innocuous non-endorsement statement, Paul McGuire is the most interesting guy I've ever met in my life. And that's it. Then there's I'm going to use your picture and Paul McGuire knows more about real estate than anybody I've ever met in my life. That's going to cost you more. And then the more usage you want, typically the more money you're going to pay unless you are like, unless you find the guy who desperately needs any money this week and they're there every week. And their needs change on a week to week, year to year basis. Celebrities are no different than any other population group. They continually sift and sort themselves into 5%, 15%, then 80%. So 80% of them are broke, 80% of them are about to have their Mercedes repossessed, 80% of them got all kinds of problems. And so there's always somebody who'll take small money. It's just a question of finding them. But usage sort of controls cost. And so you've got to think through all the usages you would want and then you've got to go shopping and you've got to figure out what your budget is and all of that. But there's ample empirical evidence that almost every usage more than pays for itself one way or another or multiple ways. Now when I say that, for example, let's take George Foreman speaking at Rory Fats Bootcamp this year. So George Foreman I think cost $75,000. And the usage Rory got was George's going to be there to speak. He's going to get some pictures taken with him by his coaching group members. He recorded, I don't know, 10, 12 minutes worth of stuff that we used on tele-seminars. I took George Foreman's two books and rewrote a little booklet of success stuff by George Foreman. So like one little mini chapter by George and then a chapter by Rory and then a chapter by George and a chapter by Rory that really was a pitch for the bootcamp but looks like a little booklet from George. And that's about it. So now how can we get our $75,000 back and more? Well he could help attendance. That's one thing that could happen and at, I don't know, $2,000 a piece. He doesn't have to get that many more there in order to justify his existence purely on that. He could help overall response by they open an envelope with George on it when they wouldn't have opened it otherwise they come to a tele-seminar that George is on where they wouldn't have come to a tele-seminar otherwise. And that now reflects in our registration numbers. But let's say he doesn't. Let's say our numbers year to year are the same. Well did we waste our $75,000? Not necessarily. There's also the mood of the people at the bootcamp at which we are selling coaching. So remember positive feelings, negative feelings. So if they have positive feelings because George Foreman's there and this is exciting and they can't wait to go home and tell everybody that they met George Foreman and they're excited about coming to meet George Foreman and George is happy and funny and everybody likes George and everybody in coaching gets to go get their picture taken with George and everybody who's not in coaching has to stand behind the line and watch people getting their picture taken with George. Now he could have a big impact on what happens on site even if he had no impact on what happens prior to on site. How else could he have impact? Well even though we bought the usage for this event and this event only, the history of this usage never goes away. So Rory with George at this event and we had George at this event, we had this person at this event, that person, that piles up and accumulates. And so now over a period of three or four years we have Rory with the with strategy with five or six or seven of these people not one and that makes Rory a celebrity because we have surrounded him with celebrities. How else does George pay his way? He discourages other marketers of seminars to restaurant owners because they aren't willing to go spend $75,000 to get a celebrity and they start to look at this campaign that oh my god they got elephants, they got George Foreman, they got acrobats, they got this, they got that, well I can never run up against that so I won't play the game at all. Now it's going to be very hard to see that benefit because you don't see what didn't happen to you. How do you brag about stopping a terrorist if you can't tell what you did? But somewhere there's somebody who might have been tempted to come into the marketplace who you now would have had to spend money to deal with and now you don't have to because George bought you some insulation. If you wanted to use him that way which Rory hasn't, how else does George help you with the media and the industry? Certainly it's worth news releases that George Foreman, the George Foreman grill guy is speaking at this event, will trade journals write about that? Sure they will, right? Would you invite the three trade journal editors to a special reception with George at your meeting there by bus? So there's a lot of ways that you can recover that 75,000 bucks and boot camp in a box sales etc. So usually this is money well spent and it usually doesn't, in our kinds of businesses it doesn't take much to see direct recovery and then there's a lot of other indirect benefits. And again just think about reputation, right? And what people say about us and what they tell other people about us and the stories they're telling. Well if everybody in the restaurant industry is saying Rory's the guy who hangs out with George Foreman and hangs out with this celebrity, hangs out with that celebrity, that's a better thing being said about him than if we, and that has enormous value. So usage controls money, the biggest thing to leave out is broadcast. So if you're not using them for TV and you're not using them for radio it makes it a lot easier to get a deal, they have a lot less anxiety about it and so forth. The other quick things to understand is that most of them don't get what we do. So it takes some patience and some, you know, like Rory used my Ditka last year. And Ditka goes and does a lot of speaking but that's like it. I mean somebody sends him there, he gets there, he speaks, he leaves, you know. So like they had him scheduled for a tele-seminar and thank God Ditka's assistant calls like two days before the tele-seminar and says who's picking him up at the airport and what time is he supposed to be in Vancouver for this seminar? You guys got him booked for it. No, he's done a tele-seminar. Well nobody knew what a tele-seminar was, right? So he's got his bags packed and he's ready to head to O'Hare, you know, to get on airplane to go somewhere to do this damn seminar that he don't remember having agreed to do. So they don't know, you know, they don't get what we do. The other thing about celebrities to always think about is how you can buy a big one for the price of a small one. So a lot of us have had the opportunity to do that in the past few years because of Trump and the Apprentice. So we had Bill Ransack at a super conference, a lot less expensive to get Bill Ransack than it is to get Donald Trump. We had Christie Frank do some things, a lot less expensive to get Christie than Donald Trump, but they're linked at the hip. So really we're buying Trump at a discount is what we're doing. Thank you. Okay? Brandon. I just had a quick question actually regarding the relationship stuff you talked about earlier where you want to give enough that you're building a relationship with the customer but at the same time you don't want to give too much that it goes over the edge. Now you talk a lot about yourself and your autobiography and you know, Carly used to be in your business and you talk a lot also, you show Scott Tucker's work, Rialz always includes his dog and that becomes part of his shtick. So where do you draw the line? Well, when you got Tucker's personality you need like a dog everybody's gonna like. I mean, that's like essential. I mean, you want to show Charlie Manson with rabbits or something. Little bunnies, look at my little bunny. That takes the edge off of having axe murdered 20,000 people. There's a fairly long answer to your question which is actually in tomorrow's material. The short answer to your question is you reveal personal things strategically like anything else. So what you can't judge by looking at what I do is what personal things I choose not to reveal. You can only see the ones obviously that I choose to reveal. There's careful thought about all of that. None of it is accidental. But generally speaking what it does is it allows people to identify with you in different ways. So for example, the revelation of having been bankrupt always worked for me and always works for me. Why? Because in any audience of entrepreneurs, 100 or more, there's somebody in there that's been bankrupt and there's another two or three that have been on the edge. So and they think it's a deep dark secret and for the most part they've kept it to themselves and in some cases they're embarrassed about it and in some cases they think it's some kind of detriment to success and so forth. So literally as soon as I talk about it, I get them. It wouldn't matter what else I was doing, I got them. In every audience there's either a stutterer or a parent of a stutterer. As soon as I talk about it, I get them. It doesn't matter what I'm selling, doesn't matter who they are, I got them. So it's sort of knocking off numbers, small numbers multiplied. Same thing happens if they read it. So most of that stuff is like in the no harm, no foul category but it's going to resonate with certain people and it's going to attract individuals that it wouldn't have attracted otherwise. It also has the virtue of not having things hidden and the fewer of them the better. Because now I never have to worry about somebody deciding that the bankruptcy was a big deal. Well I've told everybody about it. So on that level it's like I can get him with this, I can get him with this, I can get him with this and boom that gets me another 18 responses. On another level it's about strengthening the human part of the bond, again because it will only be with you for a certain period of time for the core stuff, right? Then they're with you because of their relationship. The tricky part is not to do it in such a way that it invites a different kind of relationship than you want. If we went on the list, I got the list, we'll look at it tomorrow. If I was doing most of what I have done in personal disclosure without counterbalancing it with some of the deliberate reputation for grumpy, tough, unpleasant, arbitrary, difficult, if I took that away I would create a lot of nightmares for myself with the other list. It's only because I do the one I'm actually able to do a lot of the other. Sherry they're doing the buffet thing, they can just march in and sit down and say 18 bucks ahead. Can they also, are they letting them order off the menu too or have we switched the entire, yes, but speed is buffet. Okay and it's 10 to 6, we're going to start back at 7 o'clock. For a few minutes, anybody that has a profound interest in coming and talking to me about the writing workshop, I'll stay up here for like 10 minutes. Okay. Tucker's running a bonus session from 1 to 4. So I volunteered him and if you go to his session you get free breakfast. Okay, wanted to do a couple things. First, we'll do some well stuff a little bit later but there's two pieces of video and if you were at the Renegade Millionaire Retreat you saw one of them. Both of these things are pointed about what we've discussed today and they are actually kind of fun. So do I need to get this down for, oh it is. If you haven't seen the whole movie then by all means go get and watch the movie after you see the little piece today because the whole movie is a, again it's like what I said about Sidney's book and what I said about the game. This is an unintentional sales training film that is obviously not why they made it but that's why they wound up with. And it is a perfect sales training film for consultants, for experts. The film is the Muse with Sharon Stone and now his name escapes me but you'll know him as soon as you. Albert Brooks. Albert Brooks, thank you. And the second thing I want to show you is the Feng Shui and the water segment from Penn Intelligent Bullshit Show. Which by the way is a great show. It's on Showtime. It's worth subscribing to Showtime just to get the bullshit show. Or you can go buy the DVDs I guess if you want to. The Muse is about a Hollywood script writer who has sort of lost it and can't turn out good product anymore and is in trouble. And one of his friends breaks down and reveals to him that his success in the last couple of years has been due to his discovery of this professional Muse who doesn't actually write anything. She just like inspires you to have great ideas. There's an incredibly great punchline at the end of the movie which I won't ruin for anybody who hasn't seen it. It's not necessary to get the part that we're going to show you tonight. So there's a big run up to this that you will have missed about all of his problems and travails and him finally beating out of his friend the revelation that this Muse exists and actually it turns out all sorts of people in Hollywood are secretly relying upon her for her musing, for her inspiration of their successes. And then of course he's got to get an appointment with this Muse which is difficult to get and so forth. Then what I'm going to show you is what happens from that conversation. We'll look at the clip just from what happens in that conversation up to and including his first visit to the Muse. Now there's a ton of stuff after that. That's why you got to see the whole movie because the whole movie is until they put this one comedic thing in. The whole movie is really a demonstration of how she takes control of this client and has him doing the most extraordinary things in order to keep her helping him. So it is really an enormous lesson in client control. But so we'll just watch a little clip of that. And that stuff is fun to watch too so it'll give you a little entertainment. So let's see the clip of the Muse first and let me get out of everybody's way. I'm telling you something, if I didn't have a family, I think I'd be out buying heroin right now. Buddy, I don't like to hear you talking like this. That's the way I feel. I mean, why not? Okay. Maybe there's something I can do. Oh, God, I'm not supposed to do this. Not supposed to do what? You're sounding so mysterious. Come on, take a walk with me. I'm going to tell you something you're probably not going to believe. Do you know what a Muse is? A Muse? Yeah. I think so. Well, you know about mythology, right? They were the daughters of Zeus. There were nine of them. They inspired all creativity. That's where the word music comes from. That's interesting. I didn't know that. What's the point? What if I told you they still exist? Muses? I would tell you I rode over here on a unicorn. No, I'm being dead serious. I want you to listen to what I have to say and try to keep an open mind. Have a seat. That woman that you saw this morning getting into the taxi? Uh-huh. She's a Muse. Come on. You know, I met her at a party a couple of years ago. Rob Reiner introduced us. Rob Reiner? Yeah, there were a lot of writers there, directors. She seemed to know them all. I just thank God that I met her because if you're lucky enough to be with her, you write better than you've ever written in your whole life. You know, I must look pretty pathetic that you have to be soothing me with this fairy tale. No, no, no. This is not a fairy tale. This is real. It's real. You remember a year and a half ago? I couldn't write that hotel story? Yeah. Well, she figured that out. She wrote it for you? No, no, she doesn't actually write. She inspires. Where is she from? Greece? I don't know where she's from. Her family tree apparently goes all the way back to the beginning of time. I never really ask questions. I've just taken what she's offered. You're being serious. I'm being serious. You swear to God? I swear to God. Okay. I believe you. I want in. How do I meet her? I don't, I don't, I don't know if I can do that. You have to do it. See, she's funny about taking all new people. Well, I'm not new people. I'm one of your best friends. You have to call her. Call her now. You can't tell me this and then not call her. This is what I need. This is why I'm here. I didn't know exactly why I came. This is why. Call her. Please. And he's really a good friend. And he needs you. Tell her I got nominated. Oh, he was nominated for an Academy Award. Did you see McAllister Place? McCormick Place. McCormick Place. Well, it was good. You should see it. I got the tape. I have a tape. Anyway, he's in trouble. Could you at least meet with him? Fantastic. Fantastic. Sarah, I can't thank you enough. This is wonderful. Oh, and by the way, you were right once again about Toronto. So much better. No, no, then, no, then Quebec. Yes, I know. I know it too much French. All right. And Sarah, thank you again. You're a doll. You're going to see her today at four. Oh, my God, I can't believe it. You're amazing. Yeah. Are you going to Canada? No, no, no. No, I'm setting a movie in Canada. She convinced me Toronto is much better than Quebec. She does locations too. This is a miracle. It's a miracle. Now, here's the address. You saved me. I don't know how else to put it. You saved me. Hey, all I did was get you the meeting. You're going to have to do the rest. But I'll tell you this, you get her, your life is never going to be the same. Can I help you? Yes, is Sarah little here? No, she lives in the guest house. Where would that be? Oh, it's around the back. It has its own gate. Oh. Who are you? I'm just a friend. Are you her husband? Oh, no. Well, then how come you don't have a gift? What? How come you're not bringing her anything? Everyone else does. I don't know anything about that. I'm new. Well, you better have a gift. I better have a gift. Yes. Hello, I'm Stephen Phillips. I'm Jack's friend. Oh, oh, I'm sorry. Something came up for me today. I'll have to see you tomorrow morning. Tomorrow? Did you bring any of your scripts with you? No, I didn't know I was supposed to. Have someone messaged you over some of your work. I'll read it tonight. I'll see you tomorrow at 10.30, OK? So then that's the end of this meeting? Will this be something else you wanted? How did this go? OK. Yeah, I'm fine. So she couldn't really see me. She wants me to send over some of my work and come back in the morning. Oh, do you bring her a gift? What? I hope you didn't go empty handed. Well, you didn't say anything about this. Listen to me. Go to Tiffany's right now. Bring her something. Tiffany's? I don't shop for my wife at Tiffany's. Your wife can't save your career. Do what I'm telling you. Well, what's her taste? How much more do you want? I don't know. I don't know. I don't want to hear anything from you. Well, what's her taste? How much money do I have to spend? Get her something very... Hello? Hello? I'm losing you. Can't hear you. Hello? Hello? How much do I have to spend? Good luck, buddy. How much money? Is that Stephen? Phyllis. Hi. How are you? What are you buying? What's your name? Does Lauren know? No, that's what a secret means. Is it her birthday? No. Special occasion? Mm-mm. I wish Frank was like you. But since you don't really know this woman, you can't go wrong with one of these. Everyone loves them. Well, I'll leave you in your little shopping dilemma. This is not what you think. I don't think anything. Goodbye. Phyllis, it's just a business gift. That's all this is. My lips are sealed. Your lips don't have to be sealed. It's not a lip-sealing situation, Phyllis. Unseal them. Let your lips just do what they do. Let's see. They're all pretty. How much would this be? That one's 3,500. Oh, God, no. No, no, no, no. I was thinking more like, um, 50, 60. 60 what? Dollars. Oh, I see. Well, these sterling silver key rings are $60. Oh, well, that's beautiful. Feminine and pretty and a woman wouldn't love this. Does this come with the Tiffany box? Yes, it does. Wrap that up. Who is she? She's nobody. You were at Tiffany's for nobody. Phyllis doesn't know anything. If I told you what I was doing there, you're not going to believe me anyway. So just forget it for now. I'll tell you later. Are you in love with someone? Yes. You. Well, then why didn't you buy me a present? How do you know I didn't? Did you? Well, not today, no one. Oh, this makes me feel weird. I don't like hearing these things from my friends. She's not your friend. She's a big fat gossip. Well, what did you buy? I bought a little key ring. That's all. Just a nothing, a key ring. Well, why did you have to buy it at Tiffany's? Do me a favor. Give me 24 hours. Let me figure this all out. Then I can explain it to you. It's just they told me not to say too much right now. Who's they? Please, no questions. Just give me a hint. Okay, one hint. It's mystical. It's magical. It just might save my life. And it wanted a key ring. Yes, it did. Hello. Here. Come on in, thank you. Okay. Come in, sit down. Gee, now that I've seen your taste, I don't think I got you the right gift. Oh, it's fine. No, no, no, it isn't fine. No, it's lovely, I'm sure. I'm just a little worried because I see what you like. Forget about it. I read two of your scripts. Yes? I can see why you need me. Oh, that doesn't sound very good, does it? Oh, don't be offended. You have a... a lot of talent. It's just that you're losing your edge. Jesus, I am hearing this from everybody. That's because it's true. But I have good news for you. I'm taking you on. Really? So I've got a muse. I've got my own muse. First, I'm going to need somewhere to live. Try getting me a very nice suite at the Four Seasons Hotel. Something on a high floor. It's much quieter that way. Now, secondly, I have special... Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Let's just go to the first lead. You want what? A suite at the Four Seasons? Yes. On a higher floor, please. What's wrong with this place? It's lovely. Oh, it's a guest house, and I've already told them that I'm leaving. You see, the way I work is my new client takes on all my expenses. Well, you're my new client. I am. Am I the only new client? Yes. I mean, Jack, for example, he's not a new client? No. So then, like, Jack is not going to be kicking in for the suite here? No, he wouldn't. Okay, then. Gee. Secondarily. You know, it's a new piece of information. I have special dietary needs. I assume that this suite will have a kitchenette. I'll need you to fill that with food. A concise list will follow. You're not writing this down? You want me to write it down? Nobody said anything. I'll just write you a piece of paper. I don't have the... Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Okay. The suite. You said the high floor. So I'm assuming something above eight would be sufficient? No. All right. Then the dietary needs. How long are the Wildest amusing processes? I don't know. How long the Wildest amusing process take? More than a day? Inspiration? It can take a week to six months. That depends on you. Six months? You don't want to... You don't want to be in the Four Seasons for six months? That's not good. Why not? Well, a lot of reasons. First of all, you know, it's too high. I'll be fine. Well, maybe high isn't what I meant. You're not the cost, correct? No, no, no, no. Yeah, yeah. If this process works and you sell this script, you're going to make a lot of money. You need to think of this as an investment. And transportation. Dilemma zine. What? Lemosine. Oh, you don't need that? Yes, yes, yes, I do. I mean, I'm happy to drive you wherever you want to go. You really don't need a limo. I'm not going to be in the middle of the night. Well, I mean, the Four Seasons has a concierge, and I'm available. You're covered, one person or another. I am used to having my own car. Well, how about if I make a deal with you? You get me one of those Oscars that you got, Jack, and I'll drive you to the moon. I mean, I'll be on call 24 hours a day. All right, we'll try it your way. All right, at least that. And a limo. Now, in terms of working, we'll work at my hours. Sometimes, if I'm up in the middle of the night, and I can't sleep, and I feel productive, I'm going to expect you to work. Um, do you actually do some of the writing? No. So, it's not like rumpled still skin. I'm not going to wake up with a script. No, you won't wake up with a script. All right. Now, I need you to go to the Four Seasons today to make sure that you like the suite, because I want to move tomorrow. So, on your way over to the hotel, take these to the Royal Cleaners on Can and Drive. And make sure that they're dry-cleaned, because if you don't specify dry-cleaning, they'll wash them. Hello? Daddy said thank you, and he wanted me to give you this. Well, you tell your dad I said thank you very much. Okay. Okay. Bye, honey. Wow. Holy shit, that I gave you the wrong gift. You're not going to like it. My gift is not ready. This is just like a little temporary pre-gift. The real gift is being built. It wasn't what I wanted. They convinced me, and I told them no. Just turn it, yeah, I can... yeah. The best part is the visual of tossing the little back up on the manhole with the, it's just classic to me. Okay, the bullshit show, the thing's right one is about consultants and it's sort of entertaining in and of itself. The water episode is about how managing expectations controls what people believe to be true. And so we'll watch that thing and then we'll have our wealth conversation. Do you have that queued up? Okay, good. Tonight's bullshit is Feng Shui, the ancient Chinese science of improving energy or Qi by rearranging your furniture. The idea seems to be that if you put your chairs on a certain axis, you become healthier. Or if you reupholster your recliner, your career takes off. You know, usually we have some idea what the bullshitters are claiming in the big picture, some sort of cause and effect, but Feng Shui, we don't have a clue. My name is Penn, this is my partner Teller, and this is bullshit. Tonight's bullshit is Feng Shui, the ancient Chinese science of improving energy. Tonight's bullshit is Feng Shui, the ancient Chinese science of improving energy or Qi by rearranging your furniture. The idea seems to be that if you put your chairs on a certain axis, you become healthier. Or if you reupholster your recliner, your career takes off. You know, usually we have some idea what the bullshitters are claiming in the big picture, some sort of cause and effect, but Feng Shui, we don't have a clue. My name is Penn, this is my partner Teller, and this is bullshit. Take a look at this luxurious Southern California house. Homeowner Andrea is perfectly happy there. The interior is beautifully appointed, attractively furnished, but could the science of Feng Shui make it better? We hired three professional Feng Shui consultants to determine whether anything could be done to improve the energy of the home. David Chou, Feng Shui guy. And Feng Shui, what we re looking for are how the energies or Qi s are playing a cosmic game of musical chairs. Nice to meet you. I m Milan. Qi is actually like this yellow ball. It s just moving, bouncing, traveling. It s not just bouncing and traveling, you re throwing it. Our tire diamond Feng Shui consultant. Qi is life force energy. It s what the molecules are made out of. I can t explain it in super scientific terms, but it s energy. We don t require super scientific, but you got to do better than energy to show us how moving furniture is any sort of science. Never mind a super science. If you couldn t in any way demonstrate or measure the Qi they re claiming to direct, you d win a Nobel Prize for physics. But why would you want that stock home piece of crap when you can move strangers furniture at random for money? Each of these specialists thought they were the only ones being consulted. We made sure they never crossed paths. We re not stupid. If Feng Shui is really a true science, they should all come up with the same advice. But will they? Let s see what they say about the newly remodeled master bedroom. We ll draw this analogy. The upstairs is Iowa. And what happens is that although you added a little bit to Iowa, it s almost like transplanting a Californian to Iowa. If you don t understand analogies, just don t use them. It s like a pig in a tightrope. Now the first few months as a Californian, you re going to watch what you eat. You re going to exercise. And after a while, you re going to start hitting that bacon. Well, we like bacon. So the way we look at this is that this part that got added too is really kind of like a Californian that s been glommed on to Iowa. So we will look at your house as a characteristic house of the state of Iowa. Is Mr. California saying that Iowa is bad? Your bedroom encompasses two different areas of the house. The tartar, using secret science, determined that the placement of the bed was all wrong. You re what we call West-type people and you re sleeping heads east. And both of you would do better sleeping head west. I have no idea how she figured that out. But at least she s clear about it. The head of the bed needs to be on the west wall. What I would like to recommend is that you consider moving the head of the bed against the south wall. The south wall? I guess this is Iowa science. Different opinions are fine if you re an interior decorator. But Feng Shui is supposed to be a science. They all use that word. Let s ask. You re not doing this. The science is telling you all this, right? Exactly. It s a very reliable and predictable way of looking at what the energy really is. So it is a science, right? Yes, it is. Yeah, right. Before they moved out of the family room, Milan brought on an item that she just happened to have for sale. Here we have a lovely turtle. And as you can see, there s a baby turtle on its back. And this turtle provides support. And this is the kind of support you want at the back of your house. Aha! Because turtles are known for the way they support and nurture their young. You often see a turtle in the wild carefully carrying their young on their back. The little turtle will be sitting there with mama turtle just enjoying the company and feeling the warmth coming shell to shell. There s a transfer of motherly love and energy coming from one turtle back to the turtle front of the little baby turtle. You ll often see a gaggle. Well, they re not actually called a gaggle, but they ve several. Next it was on to the family room where David played scientific musical chairs with every stick of furniture that wasn t nailed down. We moved your furniture into those very excellent areas for wealth and success. So that s why you moved the couch in this way? Yes. Because my only question kind of was now it blocks a little bit of the walkway. So I wonder if that would be a problem because it used to walk straight through here and now there s a very tight walkway there. And also is it good seeing as far as watching the television from there? No. Is it too close? Oh, so you couldn t really watch it. No TV? Baster! That s our bread and butter. And what about blocking that walkway? What good are wealth and success if you die in a fire? Keep pathways clear! Even worse in a fire, what about stubbing your toe? God, I hate stubbing my toe! I consider giving up a good portion of my wealth and success if I could be assured that I would never ever again stub my fucking toe. Anyway, after we got David out of there, we moved everything back to its original position. It was Milan s turn. Did this science show the necessity of the same drastic changes that David made? Hell no! She moved nothing! Neither did Carter. But she did make a big deal out of the color. In the family room, there are the big red couches, which is not really great for this part of the house. And a lot of red color is the fire element. And fire tends to be extreme. If any family member were to spend a lot of time in this room with all that red color, it could cause problems with the teeth, the mouth, the jaw, the chest area. Wow! That's some serious stuff. But at least now we know red is bad. You know, Andrea, this red color you chose for the living family area is absolutely perfect. Your existing sofa is a perfect color for this room. Burgundies, reds, purples. I want this room to look like an Edwardian bordello. All this red color even makes this part of the house more accident-prone. So all that red color is not good for that particular room. You couldn't have done better because the house energy from the front and the back actually requires red right here. I'm hoping that sofa isn't as red as their faces once they see this show. Now, if Feng Shui is a real science, how can they be so inconsistent? Perhaps David, Mr. Inalogy, can explain. The best way I can explain the science of Feng Shui is knowing how a cosmic volleyball game is structured. Never fucking mind. Everything we read on Feng Shui assured us it wasn't religion, art, or taste, but a science. Apparently... Oh, sure. I have $23. Apparently it's not a science like you or I know science. You know where you check or test or some sort of science-y thing. Feng Shui is a sort of science you take on faith, like religion. They really claim that you can assure good health, wealth, and prosperity for yourself and your family. Of course... About $23. Prosperity for yourself and your family. Of course, most of the people in Feng Shui China are dirt poor and have only recently with our help, they're going to be able to feed their own people. The sad news is that people are making money off their fellow man with his bullshit and not just a... Oh, I got a good feeling about this one. Yeah, it's $23 now. And not just in the furniture moving business. Some very creative scumbags have moved Feng Shui out of the living room. We went to the center of far Eastern philosophy, Fort Lauderdale, Florida. And you're not going to believe this place. I'm Phyllis Sello and I'm the owner of Sello Salon & Spa and we specialize in Feng Shui beauty treatments. According to Phyllis, a Feng Shui haircut will bring good fortune. They're charging $150 for that experience. To me like we're giving away the good fortune we already had. Either way, it's clear that you being stupid enough to get a Feng Shui haircut brings Phyllis some good fortune. To see if a Feng Shui haircut works, we needed a subject. Or subjects. I'm Ray Smith and I'm Ryan Smith and we were together as human specters in Orlando, Florida. Apparently when you look alike, you have to talk together. We don't think either one of these guys needs a haircut, but we sent Ray to get a Feng Shui haircut at the Sello Salon. He sat down with David, their top stylist. Isn't one of the furniture guys named David? How about the letters in David are good for name chi. I'm getting into this. Okay, to get a Feng Shui haircut, first of all we have to get a consultation with the customer. I would like you to read right here. Ray had to answer a long list of stupid fucking questions about his personality and lifestyle. Submissive, resilient, all marked submissive. The feminine side is predominant, more than your masculine side, which is very good. Okay. It's excellent. Has anyone who is dominant ever let this whack job ask him personal fucking questions before a haircut? Meanwhile, we went to Joe's barbershop, which is right across town, but a world apart. Here we sat Ray's brother, raw and down, for a $16 haircut with owner Joe, who knows how to cut hair without a questionnaire. Joe the barber was the first to finish. Not bad, and that's without tapping into Ron's feminine side. One negative point. At no time did Joe call Ron sexy. One chi filled hour later, David finished Ray's Feng Shui haircut. Amazing. What a difference. We conducted our own bullshit poll to see who could tell which haircut was which. Of course, this isn't a scientific poll, but at least we admit it when we're fucking around. Ray's Feng Shui hairstyle is always on your left. Ron's barbershop cut is always on your right. Or is it the left? God damn it, I can't tell. Turn to the left. Well, that's a lot longer, and this is maybe we'll get more energy with the things shorter. So I think it's this one. To the right. Right here. $16 haircut. This is the barbershop. The results? 14 people were correct, 14 people were incorrect, and this guy, well, he just couldn't decide. I don't know. I don't know which one. They're twins, man. Conclusion. It's bullshit. Save your money and go see Joe, and we'll tell you your sex ad for free. I believe in my haircut and the special. Meanwhile, back at Andrea's house. So what do you think about this room? Is there anything you think we should change? It's actually a perfect arrangement. There's nothing overtly visual right now that I see as being a problem. Okay. Overtly visual? What the hell does that mean? Hope there's nothing subtly invisible. Anyway, Cartar says the furniture is perfect as is. Would Milana agree? So why don't we move around your sectional sofa? Nope. By the time Milana was finished, the room looked like this. Perfect feng shui energy. That is, until David took a look at it. I think this is what we need to do with your living room. He changed everything to a third version. The unfavorable energy settled in the living room. That was determined through these ancient mathematical calculations that, of course, derived and developed through centuries of empirical observations. Could you please show your work? No, I didn't think so. I don't want to say that David might be making some of this up, but what did he say when he forgot his microphone was on? Still looks like shit. Whoa! Would he share that observation with Andrea? Wow, you really changed a lot in here. You moved everything. David? Well, basically what I wanted to do was respect the... Yeah, respect is this asshole's middle name. So here's David's shit-fucked living room arrangement. Here's Milana's creation. And here's how Carter left it. And we thought it was supposed to be science. Before scientists Milana left, she had another scientific item she just happened to have for sale. You know, having studied your floor plan using all 360 degrees, I located the spot in the house for you for extreme wealth, provided you put it exactly there and it'd be a water fountain. A water fountain Milana conveniently brought with her. That's really the noise it makes. No kidding. Hell, a lawnmower would be cheaper and make the same fucking noise. Fucking scumbag. So you can have many more happy times in your house and increased wealth. So that's what the fountain will accomplish, the wealth? Yes, that fountain put in that position is going to bring wealth. And what would be the cost of the fountain? Well, we've picked our top of the line fountain for you, which of course is the most elegant. And I know you and your husband have good taste. Oh, thank you. So that fountain is $9.95. Okay. A thousand bucks for that noisy piece of shit. And that's on top of her $3,000 consulting fee. What do the other experts charge for their house calls? That charge is $1,500 a day. I'm generally charging by the square foot, anything from ten cents to two dollars per square foot. At that rate, playing musical chairs with Andreas for an intro can come to over $7,000. But after all, that's a small price to pay for a totally feng shui home and the peace and tranquility it brings. Of course, it's a huge price to pay if it's all fucking bullshit. Oh, jumpstart. Yeah, $23 still. You know, tell her I can't stop thinking about how goofy it is that some people think that rearranging your furniture could affect your health. It's so... It's so... It's so... Stupid.