By the way, for fun on the Blaine side, I never asked you, did you see the, I'm sure you saw The Illusionist? Yes. Did you like it? Yeah, I liked it better than the first D. Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's fabulous. So if you haven't seen the movie The Illusionist, it kind of came and went, get it on DVD. It's a fabulous movie. There are lessons in it too, but it's a fabulous movie. And by all means, get in the read the book, Carter Beats the Devil, a fabulous, fabulous book. Carter Beats the Devil. Comment on news and timely topics. Look, this is a way to be talked about all the time, at least amongst your clients. It's not about Jimmy Carter. It's a fake historical novel actually, but about a magician. So comment on news and timely topics. All you need is USA Today. This does not require any massive amount of resources. You need USA Today or watch CNN in the morning. And you got email. Use it. Be timely. Tucker is really good at this. I mean, he's really good at this. You guys saw in the newsletter when he jumped on the John Kerry's thing about the, how you had to be. You don't graduate in Iraq. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then those soldiers made a picture with the photo of misspelled John Kerry, save us because we're too stupid to, you know, and he'll tell the, and Tucker jumped on that the next day. So there's something every day that you can be commenting on, opining on, making fun of, turning into a little object lesson and communicating with your people about. So which of these 10 stories will they be talking about tomorrow? Pick his number one story. He's pretty much got it right. That's the story they're going to be talking about tomorrow. You talk about it too. It shouldn't take you more than 15 minutes in the morning to bang out an email. Read USA Today, pick something, do something, send it out. Be witty. Now they're going to be talking about you in connection with the news story of the day. If you're local, pick a local story. All politics is local. People care more about local than they care about national. So if you're like the IBAs in the room, if you're local, pick a local story. So don't watch CNN. Pick up your daily newspaper and watch your daily news program and think about which of these stories will they be talking about tomorrow? That's the story I want to talk about. That's why, like I'm a little handicapped now, our weekly facts are actually done three or four weeks ahead of time. They have to be because we're bigger and they've got to move through places and I won't email them on and on and on. So I can't be quite as topical as I could be before. But I try, and I also try and anticipate what the story is going to be two or three weeks out that I might be able to tie myself to, or what news story has legs that's going to last for some period of time. But you have the opportunity to do something every day. Want to be talked about every day? That's how to be talked about. Tie yourself to what's going on. Here's something a lot of people don't know. If you read up on Thomas Edison, contrary to reputation, he wasn't that great of an inventor. You know that very popular story of the 502 experiments and what would I be doing if I hadn't discovered electricity now? I'd be doing experiment number 503. Nobody really thinks about the fact that if it took you 503 times to figure this thing out, how smart are you? Gee, couldn't you get there quicker if you're the world's greatest inventor? Seemingly five would have done it. The reputation was grossly exaggerated as an inventor in part by his own deliberate exaggeration. What he was was a fabulous promoter of himself and very good at getting money, very good at getting money from investors. Lots and lots and lots of money for thousands and thousands and thousands of inventions that never came to market. The interesting thing out of this little block of copy is that in his demonstrations, he often talked about fascinating applications which he actually had no intent of spending any time or money on related to the invention that he was promoting. Well, why? Well, because to invent this thing that increases the current in the wall socket and makes it do-do-do-do. If this thing causes robots to run around and make your milkshakes for you, well, that's pretty sexy and exciting. Let's talk about robots. Even though we have no intention of ever making a robot, we'll talk about robots. He was pretty unabashed about that through his entire career. When you do Carnegie, he has this reputation carefully cultivated at the time of being the world's greatest industrialist. Well, what he was better at was raising money. Carnegie spent most of his time shuttling back and forth between the United States and Europe getting money. That's really what he was really good at, is putting 10 people in a room and pitching them. That he was a master at. Again, Trump, people think he's in the real estate business. He's not in the real estate business. He's in the Trump business. What you see is rarely what is. What we think is their business rarely is their business. The same is true with us. It is a mistake to think about this business. As a coaching business or a consulting business or an information business or an advisory business, it is not. It is a self-aggrandizement business. It is a promotion business. It is a client control business, et cetera. Jump over to page 58. It's kind of interesting. I'm always suspicious of academic research unless I agree with it. It's always nice to have legitimate academic research when you do agree with it. Here's what they did. Two job candidates are all the same, except one of them. The letter says sometimes John can be difficult to get along with. Then hiring directors had a choice of interviewing either one of the two people. Which do you think they took? Yeah, the answer is kind of obvious given the context of our conversation. The guy who was billed as sometimes difficult to get along with was asked to be interviewed much more than the guy who did not have that criticism in his references. Why? Well, we can speculate about why, but the best likelihood is exactly what they concluded that it made John a more believable candidate because the reference not only said all the good things about him, but it said a bad thing about him. So again, now let's think of what is being said about Sharon Stone's character by Jeff Bridges. And so what do you want to control? What is being said about you to other people, by the people in your coaching group, by your clients? What reputation is constructed and spread from person to person to person to person? What do you want it to be? So mostly what I want said is that I'm difficult to do business with and I'm hard to get to. So I want them saying he's, I want him saying all the good stuff, right? Kennedy's a genius. He knows more about marketing seminars than anybody on the planet. He made me $12 million last year. He'll make you a fortune. If you could, well, it's a line from the movie, if you can get to see her, it could change your life, right? I just want the butt attached to it. But you should know he's a real pain in the ass to deal with and you can never get him on a damn phone and he's irritable. And if you aggravate him, he won't work with you and he's kind of difficult to deal with. That's what I want said. So by the time they approach me, they're behaving very well. That's intentional on my part. Now if you get a little deeper or you come to me by having read stuff and you come through the path, what else do you know? Well, you know a bunch of bad stuff, right? You know I went broke. You know I had cars repossessed. You know I had a booze problem. Let's see, you know I kind of played it suicide. You know I've been divorced. If you read more current stuff, let's see, you know I got a disease. Why do I want people to know that? Well there's a couple reasons I want people to know that. One is the build up is big enough that this is humanizing, okay, I can connect with him kind of information. It's also knock off things. There's a significant segment of the entrepreneurial population who's been bankrupt. So that connection, right, if you're marketing stuff to, if you're marketing child development stuff to parents, it's extremely useful if you happen to have a child with some kind of disability. Because as soon as you say it, there's a percentage of the audience of the constituency who now connects with you at a higher level, right. So the entrepreneur who has been bankrupt connects with me at a more intense level than if I didn't reveal that piece of information, okay. I wouldn't, some of them prefer to keep it private, but probably of the 30 clients who spent the most money with me over two decades, 20 of them have been or are in AA. It's not that I drove them to drink. They were there prior to me. I should quickly qualify that. But that's what triggered their interest in me. In a book, it may be two lines. You might have even missed it because it wasn't important to you. The guy that it's important to, he like, it leaps out at him like you jumped off the page and hit him with a hammer. And he now wants to get to me. He feels a connection, right. So I got it. I got choices about these things. I can never say them. I can ignore them, right. I can try and hide them or I can use them. My advice to you is pretty much be careful about place, but pretty much use everything you got. Don't walk away from any of your life experience that will be meaningful to people. I'll give you an exact example. Here's, I'm not going to give you the guy's name, but here's a letter I got at the end of January. I'll just try and read only part of it. I just finished your book and like how it ended with a response about whether or not the reader would buy a book to put me down for a big yes. So that's the unfinished business autobiography book is what he's talking about. I was a hard drinker. Went to AA in 1995, been there ever since. Appreciate you mentioned drinking in the book. I'm sure it will help others. I think as entrepreneurs, da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da. We won't read the rest of that paragraph. I won't read the rest of the next paragraph. I'll read you the last paragraph. I've joined Gold Plus, joined the local mastermind group and I'm attending my first super conference in April. Made sure I got in early so I got the day with you prior to the event. Why does he want the day with me? Because of the connection. So this guy was gone from a $10 book in one big leap to Gold Plus, which Karen, what did we charge for? That's all? Okay. So that's 240 times 10 is 2400. That's $1500 a year, right? Is that right? Three grand a year. Is that what it is? Okay. So it's three grand a year. He's joined a local mastermind group, which also means he's joined a local chapter. So we delivered a customer to wherever he is, who's given them, I don't know, another three grand. So there's six. What does it cost to come to the super conference? $1,000. $1,000. $1,000. So there's $7,500. I won't give you the average onsite sales number at the super conference, but I will tell you that it is substantial. So this guy's probably within three months of reading the book in the customer, total customer value range of $15,000 plus. And that's just the beginning. This is very easily a $50,000 to $100,000 value customer. What resonated with him, the personal disclosure. It's all he's talking about. He's not talking about any idea he got. He's not talking about any strategy he's using. He's not talking about his business. He's talking about the personal disclosure. Do I get a lot of them? No. But I get enough of them to know that it is meaningful and it is important to people. I never hit time into Peter Low events, but often, especially if I was doing more personal development stuff, I would have a little story that I told about stuttering as a kid. You cannot tell it and not have somebody. Somebody. Actually, I got a great story to tell you about that. Glenn Turner, which may or may not mean anything to anybody, but Glenn Turner had a company called Dare to Be Great and Coscott and then he was prosecuted and it's a big man. So the federal government tried Turner. The trial went on for 14, 16 months. Hung jury. So it's all over with they pulled the jury. Now Glenn Turner was a really interesting motivational speaker because Glenn had a really bad hairlip that hadn't been taken care of well when he was a kid. So if you hear him on tape, he's, and so you got it. It takes like a half an hour to get in sync and be able to listen to tapes because I mean seriously, I don't know. And keep in mind, this is a guy who stood on stage and regardless of the business model, let's just, the numbers are in 36 months, he got 500,000 people to pay $5,000 to be in his program, mostly from his speaking skill and how like that. Turner's basic model by the way, it was a very simple thing and it was the Russian couple asked me about this yesterday and we'll come back to it. But I mean his whole sales presentation was, I mean if I could do this, talk like this, you know, you can do it, right? And then once he figured out that work, he surrounded himself with a blind guy, two midgets, you know, and the whole deal was, but anyway. So they, so they tried Turner, the federal government admits to spending, I don't know, $20 million on the trial. At the end of the whole thing, it's a hung jury, right? Turns out there's one woman who will not convict. Oh, it's over with, you can talk to the jury, right? She's on him like, you know, bees on honey. When you please come to dinner, because my son has a hair lip and you're an inspiration to us, right? The guy literally stayed out of jail, you know, because one person on a jury. So every time I told a stuttering story, you know, which is why I started telling it, is because of what he told me about the jury. I said, well, if it works on a jury, if there's one out of 13, there's got to be one out of every 300, right? No harm sticking it in. I can turn it into a useful story. I'd never told it before. I started telling it. Every audience afterwards is at least one person. They usually hang around a group that hangs around you afterwards until everybody else is gone. Same with the drinking thing. They hang around until everybody else is gone. And then they want to come up and tell you their, my kid stutters, story, or I stuttered story, or they want to come tell me the drinking story, or they want to come tell me the bankrupt story. They all buy. It's a lock. So if I put all of it into one speech, I know I got like five, you know, going in. So people connect to these things. So if you got them, use them. They make you a more interesting character. See just like the hiring director wants to interview the guy with the wart, then the guy without the wart. Instead of the perfect candidate, he wants to interview the perfect candidate with the disclosed imperfect quality. You are a more interesting character if you do not attempt to appear to be perfect. The flaws are as interesting as are the strengths. The Superman character does not work without kryptonite. Figured it out very early. He's not an interesting character if he has superhuman strength and cannot be vulnerable to anything. What makes him interesting is there's kryptonite. Without kryptonite, there's no enduring character. Strategy of attachment. Here's another strategy for you. So Mike Vance built a mostly with fortune 1000s, not with entrepreneurs, but a terrific career as a speaker, consultant. He wouldn't use the term coach, but client groups, 10, 20, 30 CEOs and executives in a group paying $4,000 or $5,000 a month in order to get together. Then what he would call creative brainstorming sessions, what we would call a mastermind session or a coaching group. So Mike very much ran our kind of business without ever seeing what we're doing and without really understanding what we're doing. Mike's entire career is based on having worked for Walt Disney for three years. That's it. And if you take that away, you've got no Vance career. You've got no story. But the connection to Disney, powerful. Smart enough never to try to walk away from it. So for 30 years, Mike's been telling Walt Disney stories. Mike's had himself hooked to Disney at the hip. Smart enough never to try and separate. No not in a way. Never want to make this about Mike Vance. Make this about Mike Vance as the closest you can get to Walt. Helps Walt's con. Can't get to Walt unless you're going to do the seance. By the way, did you think more about that? Are you going to do it? Okay. I got David at his boot camp doing a seance. So who are you going to talk to? Perfect. So people at his boot camp are going to talk to the dead Andrew Carnegie. We have no shame. You should learn the skill from him and then you can do Napoleon Hill. So you could. Well who are those people you like who channel the Martian or whatever? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What's their stick? They're calling somebody right? Yes. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Huh? Well it's a great but yeah well that's well that's irrelevant isn't it but I mean you know it's a great shit. Well Vance is nearly channeling Disney. He just doesn't use he just doesn't use that language but that's Vance and that's what you're buying. You're buying Disney and mostly you're buying Disney stories. Now they have a few methodologies you know that came from Disney. So their storyboard methodology you know is an organizational planning kind of marketing thing. The five sensing thing came from Disney but Vance attached himself to that and made not I wouldn't call it a mountain from a molehill but a really big mountain from kind of a small mountain. I mean somewhat embellishing the extent of the involvement and connection and all of that. So by strategy of attachment the guy's a fascinating person who could command a lot of money from clients without the attachment he's got no career at all. Dale Carnegie the franchisees are all connected to Dale without Dale. Foster Hibbard who we had a relationship for five years we created a business for Foster. So Foster is a speaker. I saw Foster speak at a chiropractic event where I was speaking and so he was on before me so I went not really because I cared about seeing him because I wanted to make sure I wouldn't go do anything stupid and he was the best speaker I've ever seen period to this day. It's a disease now. Nobody's a better speaker. So worst platform sales person I ever saw in my life. I mean you couldn't be worse pitiful. Whole body language physiology changed when it came time to talk about product. I mean he like shrunk. And here's this whole pitch. Some of you want tapes and tapes is a suitcase and put whatever you think I should have in the suitcase and take the tapes. This is pitch. Well the guy I'm speaking for I know he ain't paying fees. You know we're there on 50 50 split on product sales. This is a no fee gig. So I know I'm making money but it's pretty obvious to me he ain't making money. So I said to Rodney I said how the hell is this guy making any money. You know. And Rodney said he said you know and by the way Foster's whole stick is you know prosperity thinking wealth. Yeah. And I mean Rod said he's probably making you know 50 G's a year tops. And very popular in chiropractic. I mean very well known in chiropractic. So Foster stays as much as me speak. And I mean it was a small audience. I was a hundred doctors or something. But I mean I got like 80 of them and you know I did like this is years ago I did maybe forty fifty thousand bucks. And so Foster corners me afterwards and he says let me talk to you and he says I want to do that. He said and I'm no good at it. I said yeah. I said it's the most pitiful thing I've ever seen. So anyway so we want to build the business around them and we created a tour forum and we fixed them and got to make a lot of money. But here was our leverage point for Foster. We were able to connect Foster to Napoleon Hill and attach him. Now the actual truth of the story is that Napoleon Hill and three partners attempted to franchise Napoleon Hill like Dale Carnegie was franchised. In their pilot operation in San Francisco they hired Foster as the preview speaker to do the evening introductory seminars to sell people into the course. I turned that into he mentioned it is an old by the way. I turned it into the whole story. I mean I didn't tell it the way I just told it to you. But I hooked them to Napoleon Hill at the hip. I worked closely with Napoleon Hill. Well that is true. They did spend one day in a room him and the three guys closely. They all sat at the same table and they worked on what the hell they were going to do to try and make this franchise work. So he did work closely with Napoleon Hill. I just left out the part that it was for about four and a half hours if you take out lunch. I didn't mention that part of the story. So the attachment instantly made him more valuable and more promotable and able to do better from the front of the room. So there is the strategy of attachment. This is relatively new. These are two guys. So think about now what Trump has done most recently again to look at Trump is Trump's connected himself to Kiyosaki and Kiyosaki has connected himself to Trump. Well why? Well it's sort of it's kind of obvious why Kiyosaki would connect himself to Trump even though Kiyosaki has done very well which poor dad has been on the New York Times bestseller list for I don't know how long. Four years, four years, five years which is a feat beyond my ability to conceive spawned the entire series of books. I mean Robert's done very very very well with one short story which is fundamentally what he's got. All right. I had a rich dad. I had a poor dad. Rich dad did different things than poor dad did. I gave you the whole shtick. There's 512 books, six seminars, a game, DVDs. That's a story. It tells you the importance of a story. One good story. It's better to have ten but one good story can make you a lot of money. But now Kiyosaki has connected himself to Trump. Even though Kiyosaki is already doing very very well that makes some sense. Kiyosaki has connected himself to Kiyosaki. Why? Same reason he's at World Wrestling Federation offering to shave off his hair. Why not? That's the main reason. Why? It's because there's a whole constituency over there that he might not reach where it not for that connection. There's no harm in doing so. It's a segment of the market that's different to him. So this is Mark Victor Hansen and our link letter. I'm only paying attention to it because we just got our link letter for our client miracle error. The most common thing you hear when you talk to people about our link letter is he's still alive. And yeah, he's 94 and he's doing great. And since we just signed him and gave him a lot of money, we hope he lives to be 100. At least because it's a three-year contract. But in come to think of it, we probably should have got some insurance. But so why would these two guys hook up with each other? Well for Mark, it's why not? No harm, no foul. It's a constituency he might not reach otherwise. Seniors. They might not be paying attention to him. He recognizes to some degree he's not really famous. Chicken Soup for the Soul is famous. But link letters famous with seniors. So if I'm Mark and I attach myself to link letter and his new book for seniors and his website for seniors and his whole promotion for seniors, that does all sorts of other things for me. Why link letter to Hansen? Same reason in reverse. Link letter sees Chicken Soup for the Soul. Says better to be attached to that than not attached to it. Now arguably in both of those scenarios you've got two famous people who by nature, by instinct, by ego would probably prefer not to be attached to anybody. But they are smart enough as business people to understand that there is so much value in attachment that you ought to do it rather than not do it. In the case of coaching programs, one of the reasons you come up, so you got a mic. Yeah, Lee. Yeah, it's up here at the table. It needs sunglasses because of the boots. So how many of you know what the millionaire mindset coaching program is that Lee does? Okay, I'll do it real quick. And you correct me if I screw it up. This is essentially a co-op thing so it gets attached to other people's coaching programs. So how many clients does she have in here? Scott, Charlie. So in each of their coaching programs, so let's take Tucker. So he's got 165 mortgage brokers in his coaching program who pay him, whatever they pay him, $1,500 a month to give or take and they get to come to some meetings with Tucker, which would seem to me you could get $2,500 a month out of them if they were permitted not to come to the meetings with Tucker. So they get to come to meetings with Tucker. They get to use some of his marketing stuff which is locked behind a wall. They get some calls with him and so forth. Now, first of all, how do you pad the program? How do you add more and more content without doing more and more work? Well, and how do you cover a category you don't really want to talk about? So Lee essentially offers a prepackaged add-on to everybody's coaching program with a call a month, a CD a month, articles, emails, et cetera. But there's more to it than that. As important about it as how do you pad the program and deliver more content without doing more work is the attachment that occurs. And so in one fell swoop, Tucker attaches himself to her and her story. She's busy attaching herself to celebrity authors and experts who she interviews. So Tucker gets that attachment. He's attached to me and to Glaser Kennedy. So Tucker gets that attachment, although he has also bought that in another way through my co-branding program. So he gets like four attachments here all at one fell swoop. Who have you interviewed past year of note? Art Linkler or Jack Canfield, Mark Victor Hansen? So both chicken soup for the soul guys. Les Brown. Jack Hansen. Matt Fury. So every time she does that, he gets the benefit of the attachment without having to go chase it down and do it himself and so forth. And at amortized, he's got 165 coaching members. So what's it costing him per coaching member per year for you? He could figure that out. 36,000 a year for a hundred, three million dollars a year. Yeah, okay. Well, that's the smart way to look at it. You're right. But okay, so 36,000 dollars a year, which is what you pay in her, right? Yeah. How much? Okay. So 500 per coaching member. Now here's what you all know about that. How much do you charge now for coaching? No difference between 1497 and 1997 at this point. So if he wanted to, he could be charged a 1997 and he could make it free. It doesn't make any difference. It's all how you want to look at it. But understand when you look at a program like hers that it's not just about the staff, it's about the principle of attachment. And so how many you got? Close to 30. So there's 30 clients. You also saw another coaching model, which we really should have done yesterday, but is the coaching for other coaches. And you're not alone. In fact, one of your clients, Matt Gilligly, and Tim, what's Tim's name? They started as coaches for other coaches who didn't want to do coaching and build a coaching program. So all sorts of ways to skin this cat. So quickly, where did we find you? Militia.com. Okay. My L-T-E-E-R. Okay. Thank you. Next strategy, opposition. Some years ago, sort of a foster type story, a guy comes to one of my seminars for speakers. In fact, yeah. And his name is Jack Henry. And Jack was then speaking for 500 bucks a day and he was book solid. And he had one product, six audio cassette tapes with a rubber band around it that he sold for 49 bucks. And so Jack tells me his story at the seminar. We like to do hot seats. And as I hear Jack's story, important word, story, I'm like, and the fact that he's working for 500 and he's selling six tapes for 49 bucks, I'm like thinking, this guy should be making a million dollars a minute and he doesn't know it. All right, because here's Jack's story. Jack was selling himself as an expert in employee and delivery man theft control for supermarkets and convenience stores. The two minute piece of information you need to fully appreciate this is that the theft by the employees and the delivery men is five times what the shoplifting number is. So most of the store owners think their problem is shoplifting. The problem is all internal. And the delivery guys all steal from them. And the employees all steal from them. The delivery guys steal what they deliver and they steal other stuff while they're there as well. So the cigarette guy comes in with four empty cartons underneath the full cartons and he puts the little cameras in the empty cartons and goes out with cameras. The Pepsi guy wheels in six cases of Pepsi stacked on a cart, yells over to the guy behind a counter, six. The guy looks out C6, checks off six. Pepsi guy wheels back out six empty cartons, two of which are full of beer and two of which are full of Pepsi and only the one on the top is empty and then he goes and sells a beer and a Pepsi for cash to somebody that owns a bar somewhere. And so the store owner paid for a delivery of 18 cases of Pepsi and he really got four. On and on and on and on and on. The employees, there's 312 ways the employees steal. I don't remember them all anymore. But I can't walk into any convenience store, any grocery store, and actually any restaurant in five minutes I can tell you if the cashier is stealing, which 90% of the time she is. And most of the time I can tell you how much she's stolen up until now on her shift. There's things called theft tracks. You can do it visually. One quick one, just for fun, and you pay attention to. If they're stealing at the register from the store, not from the customers, by short change, but if they're stealing from the register, they have to wait to get it out when there's not somebody around. They got to put the money in the register, which means they got to get it out. So they got to keep track of how much over they are in the register. They can't do it mentally. So they have to have a mechanism for keeping track of how much over they are in the register. The most common is a little pile of objects to which they've assigned a value. So over here is two pieces of gum, a button, three pennies, and a bobby pin. Well each one of those things means something. The bobby pin's a quarter, the button's a dollar, the piece of gum is a nickel, and that's how they can add up how far over they are in the register and how much they can take out. And as soon as you're in one chain, as soon as you catch one of them, they've all taught each other the same numerical code. So as soon as you know what the one is doing, you can know what they're all doing. In grocery stores, they tape a barcode. That's why if you run a grocery store, all short sleeves only. Because if you let them wear long sleeves, they tape a barcode for a cheap item on their wrist. And then when their mother-in-law comes through with steak, because the front-end supervisor can only hear the beeps, they're listening for beeps. They run the steak under the register like this, under the scanner like this, they scan the $4 barcode, and they put the $20 item through the deal. On and on and on and on and on. None of that's really here, but just as background. So Jack's story is, he's an ex-delivery man thief. That's his expertise. He was a Pepsi driver, and a bread driver, and stole from everybody he delivered to. And all the delivery guys planned it, by the way. They all arrived at the same time, so there's chaos. They all meet up, and this one gives what they stole to this one. They trade, they swap, they open a store in a garage together. So I'm here in the story, right? And Jack's telling stories. He's got four or five really good stories of theft incidents. And he's booked solid at 500 bucks a day. I'm thinking no wonder, right? So average grocery store loses $500 a day to internal theft. Jack's going in, solving their whole problem for 500 bucks a month, and 49 bucks for a set of tape sleep. Afterwards I'll take a Jack aside out of the entire crop that was at the seminar, and I'm saying, Jack, let's fix this. So here's how valuable this information was. We immediately raised his fee from 500 to 5,000. By the way, I'm not real subtle about that. I usually just add zeros and see what we wind up with. He loses one client. Now they all pissed and moaned like there's no tomorrow, but they all paid it. Then we took the tapes, 490 bucks, add a zero. No difference. Same six tapes, same rubber band. Same number of people buying them. Then we put in a $15,000. Then we took the seminar he was doing, cut in half because he was teaching too much. So we created basic in advance. So really, if you want him to do both, it's not 5,000, it's 10,000. So we really took the fee from 500 to 10,000 on and on and on and on and on and on. All because there was a great story and an enemy, a thing that irritated the owners. They were really mad when you proved to them that they're being ripped off by their employees and by their delivery guys. So you got an enemy. You got somebody to sell against is the enemy of this owner. The great Jack Sales story was this. I'll tell the first person as if I was Jack. I'm in town doing a seminar for name of grocery store chain, well-known chain all across the country. Afterwards, the owner takes me to his home for drinks and dinner. Beautiful home on a hill in a gated community. Very expensive home. We're standing having drinks looking out the bay window of the living room of his house and he says, see that house diagonally across the street way up on the hill? Yeah. As you can see, it's about twice the size of mine. Yep. It's got an indoor pool. I don't have an indoor pool. It's got an indoor basketball court. I don't have an indoor basketball court. Who do you think owns that house? No idea. The Pepsi driver who delivers to my stores. That's the only story you got to tell. Every grocery store owner is like, son's a bitch. I'll pay anything. I got to have you. I got to stop them from stealing from me. There's an up against the Wal-Mart guy doing very, very well. Not doing as well as he could be doing, by the way, but doing very, very well. By position, there's the guy who helps the small retailer come up against Wal-Mart and succeed in Prosper. So a strategy is opposition. In chiropractic, I have two clients. Who's here in a business relationship with Ben Altadana. I've had Ben as a client for many years. Ben sells traditional practice building information to chiropractors. More recently, I have a client, Dr. Chris Tomshack, who's franchising in chiropractic. The franchise is, of course, the perfect antidote to everything Ben sells and everybody else in chiropractic sells. By the franchise, you never have to go to a seminar again as long as you live. We do everything for you. You never have to buy any books and tapes again as long as you live. You never need another marketing system. This is it. So I got both of them. I probably went overboard a little bit with the first Tomshack ad without naming Ben, of course, but in making the thing in opposition to everything else they were doing. So you trek off to seminar after seminar after seminar. You come home with shrink wrap boxes of crap. You never use them. You've got a room full of marketing systems. This is the answer to all that. It kind of ticked off Ben. You can sort of recognize my copy. With 2020 hindsight, he had the right to be a little ticked off. Not a lot, but a little. It turns out, however, of course, that not only do both stories work fine and both continue to prosper in their relatively small niche by selling against each other, but even while selling against each other, one is able to sell the other one staying to his clients. Even in congruity doesn't matter. So part of the solution of all this was to sell Tomshack's franchise to Ben's clients. So if you really want to say it a note, I'm better off selling it to you than letting him sell it to you without me. Both are in opposition sale to the other. In real estate, for a long time I did work with Craig Ford and Craig Proctor and sold against each other. Proctor based upon I'm a guy who's still doing it and nobody else is doing it. Ford, I'm a guy who's never done it and you don't want a guy who's doing it. Doesn't make any difference. The opposition strategy works just pick something to be in opposition to. People go to 62 some advanced strategies, but you have a question. Are they quick? No, not really. Don't tell too much truth. You should have said yes. The first one is about the promotion of other people to my list. I'm doing a monthly call. I have to interview a guest. How much do I need to be worried about interviewing people who are doing very closely related to what I'm doing? You need to be worried about other things, even more than that. Fundamentally, remember part of the business we're in is the reputation business. You need to be worried about anything that can be potentially harmful to your reputation. You don't just have to worry about what the person does while they're a guest on the call. You have to worry about what they do with the customers that now go to them next and next and next and almost forever. You have to be very thoughtful about that. By the way, the longer you're at it, the bigger a challenge this is because there's a lot of people who you would like to put on a call or you would like to put on a stage. There's one thing wrong with them that now makes it impossible to use them if you are careful about protecting your reputation. No matter how careful you are, the other thing I will tell you is every once in a while over time something's going to slip through and you are going to have a mess and you are going to have a mess to clean up. We are very careful and we still from time to time misjudge one. But you have to be as careful as you can be. That means you don't put anybody on unless you have some real awareness of what their business model is and what happens to your customer when your customer becomes their customer. You can impose obviously front end restrictions on what they offer and what they don't offer but you can't obviously control what happens down the road and sometimes you should impose front end restrictions. For example, let's say you are in a coaching business and you are going to put Hanson on. He's got coaching programs but they are deep in his system. Your restriction would be certainly he can't say the word coach while he is on the call. He can promote books and he can promote a website. You know only a certain number of your people are ever going to bother and go and get a book. Then only a certain number of those people are going to take a next step and ultimately a tiny number of your people are ever going to even get a coaching pitch. No harm done. Or little harm done. Now somebody I won't name but of similar status who also has a coaching program but then converts the people in the coaching program to buyers of various investments and financial services and financial products some of which are questionable and at least once a year he's being investigated by somebody. See even if you front end restrict that you can't let him anywhere near your people. So you got to kind of make a criteria in your head. Like we have a criteria for who can speak at an event. It's more stringent than who will put on a call. But so we have a criteria that they got to meet and if they can't meet those things we can't let them in. The specific question was how concerned do you have to be if they're doing something pretty comparable. So you want to give me an exact example. Okay fine. I think that when you do have a comparability situation like that or where there's which is not often but where there's real likelihood of trade of dollars meaning somebody might spend a buck with them that now gets in the way of spending a buck with you then it has to there has to be benefit to you beyond just filling a time slot with good content. So there either has to be reciprocity meaning you're going to get in his list he's going to get in your list there's some reason it's somewhat of an equal trade or can be made to be an equal trade right and or you're going to get paid on what he does with a customer when he gets it. So now at least there's direct financial compensation coming into you. Is that normal on the calls I know in an event it is but on those monthly calls is a split normal. Well it's not as normal. I'll tell you for example in many cases first of all if it's a small potato thing so like it's a book author and really they ain't doing nothing but their books and maybe getting a speaking gig or something. So think think Carol Frank who spoke at Renegade Millionaire Retreat and I did a call with right. Well Carol's got you know she's NSA culture from beginning dance so she's got two little cassette programs that she sells for nothing and a book. And if she gets a speaking gig you know she's thrilled to take her feed go speak and she thinks that's wonderful. I don't want any money from her. You know I'm happy to have her on a call. I'm happy to let her make her money. And not really worry about it. Now Harvey Zemmel who's going to sell an ascension series of exit strategies management services from fairly expensive product to fairly expensive coaching program to you give me two hundred thousand dollars I move in with you for a year and get your business packaged up so that you could sell it for four times what you thought you could sell it for before. We put him on a gold call. We're going to have a financial arrangement. And to use our friend Harvey Brody's language we have a toll position and you have a toll position and you spend a lot of money to create it. You built you know you built an expensive toll booth and you spend a lot of money to maintain that toll booth. So you can't you've got a right to collect tolls. And it's not like you don't and of course you don't put somebody there just because of the monetary benefit. It's actually the last consideration not the first consideration right because you don't put somebody there who's selling stuff you don't really like or you know whatever but if they fit all the rest of the criteria absolutely you ought to get paid or there ought to be reciprocity. So you know some some compensation to you for letting them walk through your toll booth have your endorsement and be presented to your people. Having said all of that were I you I would most of the time rather not be presenting a Ben Glass or a Bill Hammond or I would rather be presenting a generalist or a linked but directly linked topic. If I were you I'd rather be doing Dave D. in the psychic sales person than I would Ben Glass but several times a year at least in a niche it's really useful to give him another niche guy. And the last thing I will say about this and this is kind of this is pretty important. We talked about money last night you know people have this finite infinite kind of continuum that they're on and so at what end of the spectrum I would use one of the grandstons and Ron believes profoundly that there is no limit to the amount of money this customer must spend in a day, month, calendar year, or a lifetime. So the fact that 500 people come take my phone today is irrelevant to him in terms of thinking that now I won't be able to get one. So his attitude is, way at the other end of the spectrum of people who like worry about it assessing and they do not believe if I let you get a dollar from Tucker that's a dollar I won't be able to get from Tucker because Tucker's only going to spend so many dollars this month and if we have a relationship and we're sharing revenue I'm getting 50 cents on a dollar you got from Tucker I could have got a dollar on a dollar if you weren't there so I'm better on that. And everybody is somewhere on that continuum. Without telling you where you ought to be the reality is once you awaken someone to interest in a category whether that's better health, whether it's weight loss, whether it's getting rich in real estate, whether it's marketing their business better whatever it is. And you can't fence them in to just you. You automatically create a customer for a lot of other people. The average business book buyer, it's a good idea to do business, but the average business book buyer who goes to a bar in a noble store buys five books at a time. They all tend to be about the same thing. So when somebody goes they're into real estate they don't just buy it find the best one and go home they buy five. So Ron LeGrand's audience is I did this all the time and I spoke at his info seminar and said okay Ron's going to close his eyes so you can all tell the truth. And we know Ron's not shy and he shows up a lot asking for money. He takes a lot of money from you so it's not like he's been laying down on a job here. But how many of you own a Carlton Sheath product? Well all the hands go up. How many of you own a Russ Whitney product? All the hands go up. How many of you own this guy? All the hands go up. So once they're turned on, switched on, clicked on, they're running no matter how much you sell to them. No matter how often you show up. They're running around. I mean I know of four people in my coaching groups when I had three VIP groups who that year paid $15,000 to go to a J.A. Abraham seminar. Now what in the hell, I don't mean to disrespect a J, but what in the hell do they need to be doing going to a J.A. Abraham seminar? I mean how much more marketing stuff do you need? You're in a two day meeting with me three times a year. You're at a super conference. You're at an information marketing summit. You're getting a Gold Plus tape every month. You're getting the newsletter every month that you're winding and moaning you don't have time to read and you're running off giving J.A. Abraham $15,000. Well on one level it like messes me off. But on the other level it's amazing there weren't more of them. And so you can't stop it. So each decision is if they're going to go off and do it anyway and the person fits my criteria then I might as well be in a cooperating relationship rather than a competitive relationship and I might as well either get a piece of it or I might as well have some kind of reciprocal sharing of customers and leads. So that's kind of how I try and approach it. Great. Thank you. The other one is quick. I'm getting ready to pick a fight with the biggest estate planning organization because much like NSA. Are there anything that I should be aware of before I do that that could be a big mistake? Are you a member? I'm a member. They'll throw you out. Yes, I'm ready for that. Okay. You can make that not easy or easy. When I was thrown out I sued and after 14 months won. So sealed settlement of course but they had to reinstate me and in the little directory where they publish the year you became a member it had to be continuous like you were a new member. Yeah, they'll use if you really piss them off they'll probably incrementally attempt to punish and discourage you. So like summer's white piss them off right with his dinner thing. So they made a move out of the hotel so he can't have it in the same hotel so they did a whole bunch of stuff to so you can't even get a hospitality suite because of him you can't even rent a hospitality suite. You can't even rent a suite without NSA knowing you're renting a suite and getting their hotels got to go get their permission to let you have one before you can even sleep in one. All thanks to summers. Now they didn't go so far as to like drive him out of the association because he's got deep roots in the association used to be on the board etc. But they made life as difficult for him as they can make it. So in my case they did things incrementally too and because I kept aggravating them they eventually you know tossed my ass out. So you should expect exactly the same thing right. You will have some like long lasting irritated people from the powers that be hierarchy of the association who may never forgive you. There's a chairman and Mariahs NSA guy very well known who he called up Nido Cabane that your Nido was president and said if you're going to keep being friends with Kennedy I'm never coming to NSA again and he's never come to NSA again. So you know you're going to you're going to have that right. They'll definitely deny you access. So whatever access you've got will be very hard you know to come by. On that now and and you're probably there's probably a significant segment of their membership who you will resonate with like you have never resonated with before by doing it. One of the way that I'm going to start is I'm going to post something on their lists are very public. There's already been a little going on. I'm the lawyer I shouldn't be asking you if I can get in trouble I guess but did you face any were you faced any action that could cost you money more than it was worth. No no but it was worth a lot. You know one client to me over a lifetime you know has a lot of value. I mean no I mean I had it couldn't have gotten any worse than it did. So there was litigation expense which eventually no no no no no no no they they just they have their own little tribunal you know and and then they convict you and they throw you out. It would be more interesting which I suggested to them I volunteered you know let's do it at the convention and have like a public you know setting fire to me on stage or something you know but well in two years later I would have been saying it has seen on the national convention of but I couldn't get him to do it and and the only person to find it funny was the judge in the courtroom nobody else nobody else really had a sense of humor about this whole thing but him and me but yeah it could have gotten any worse. And so for a while I was writing checks to a lawyer. I used kind of a cheap one but and did all the work myself but they spent a whole lot more money than I did but it couldn't get any worse and like posted on their site as long as you're not violating any of the current rules you know of posting on their site and I didn't go stay up there very long if it's irritating to them but you know so the one thing you got to worry about is the access. Now like in NSA's case for example NSA has a rule if you're a member you cannot use the directory essentially as a mailing list for commercial or promotional purposes. However they can't enforce that against a non-member and anybody can buy a directory for thirty five bucks. So in a you know like the two years I wasn't a member I actually had more freedom than when I was a member in order to market into the association I just couldn't go be seen you know at the convention. However for example NSA also has a rule if you're a member you can't like come to the convention hotel and hang out without having registered for the convention. However as a non-member now they have no control over any of that. Well I never went to anything anyway. I hung out in halls in the cocktail lounges. Well I can do that you know without a badge on and I'm more interesting because now everybody's coming over and going on with you and NSA and you know glad you're here or tell me the story. Well I really can't but you know so you know it wasn't it was it was what it was. I mean I would rather not have had it occur. But once it did then I made much you know of it. OK you and you got to be real quick. By the way are we doing lunch at noon. OK and are we are we doing the same routine. Same routine. OK. OK. In my told me position with the IBA program and the millionaire blueprints magazine I do have a lot of people coming out of the woodwork asking me for stuff. And in the chapter meetings I don't have a problem getting gurus who do technical things to come in and do workshops etc. However I'm kind of leery about speakers coming about because they see the Kennedy. It's the same answer as to her. But my question is what criteria you guys using when you evaluate the speakers. I'm not going to do that here. However it's an IBA question. Howard or Bill would be happy to answer for you. OK. Specific to us and or specific to IBAs. OK. I'm not going to talk to you. I'm not going to do our quite our criteria publicly for a variety of reasons including the fact that it might not necessarily offend people and there's and there's no benefit to me in this case to do it. Got it. OK. OK. Page 62. This is a pretty cool strategy. It's called the industry survey strategy. Anybody can do it. So my example again the NSA market where I spent a lot of time. There's another sort of rogue half rogue half parasite that's made her money off of NSA largely for many many years. Her name is Dottie Walters and Dottie's about the same age as Art Linklater I think and she'll outwork any of us in the room. She publishes a trade journal for the speaking industry that started out as a little newsletter and it's a big deal now and run some seminars and so forth. And so one of Dottie's strategies which she now is used repetitively is she did what a lot of associations do but prior to her doing it NSA hadn't done it. So she leapfrogged over them. She did an industry survey and surveyed all the speakers. I have one year's copy of it here somewhere to show you. Here's 2002. Here's the speaking industry report. A report on professional speakers speakers bureaus and meeting planners where we are where we were where we're going with a special emphasis on the effective 9 11 2001 what topics are hot etc etc etc. They're all you know fancy bar graphs and diagrams. So all she did is survey all the speakers. Her market had them all take surveys compiled all the information and now everybody wants to know what the results of the survey was that they participated in. It gets 100 percent nearly of the market into a dialogue with her and actually put her above the governing association body dealing with that market. In fact they wound up quoting her survey in their publications. So that's a pretty cool strategy. You want to get to the top 50 CEOs of a given industry do a survey of the top 50 CEOs of a given industry. The vast majority of them are going to participate. Sort of a similar strategy is the interview strategy. You IBAs will like this. So client mind a number of years ago speaker consultant traveling 412 days a year etc. says I want to stay home. I want to work in my local market and I want to like live in a company like a consultant so I want to have eight or 10 clients and I want to do a lot of shit with them and I want to do deep and horizontal and do workshops. So it's got to be a significantly sized company and I got to sell to the CEO and I got to get into them. How do I get into them. And this is the guy that did like leadership training stuff which is not an easy thing actually to market anyway. So we made a hit list of the hundred CEOs in his market which is Minneapolis. St. Paul. A hundred CEOs he wanted to get face time with which his contention was if I get an hour's worth of face time with them I got them. So I said OK if that's true. Sometimes people tell you stuff that didn't true and then you help them based on that and you know the results aren't the same. So years ago Roy Fat came to me and he said when he was in the food delivery business said if they try six of my meals I got them. They all reorder. I said well in that case I can solve your problem but you better be right because we'll just give everybody six free meals. Do free dinners. No problem but you better be right. So this guy says if I get an hour of face time with them I got them. I said OK the hour of face time I can solve for you. All we got to do is get you a real legitimate book deal to write a book on your leadership crap and then we got to send a letter on the publishing company's letterhead from the editor of something rather of Simon and Schuster or Random House or whoever to the hundred CEOs telling them that you're doing a book on leadership and are going to be interviewing 20 to 30 of the top CEOs in Minneapolis and we've identified these hundred and we put all hundred names on the letter. Now we're going to interview the first 20 to 30 who respond and include the information we get from them in this book. They're all on the phone because they all want to be in the book. Now he's got his hour of face time. I got him what he wanted. In this case it was it was what I said right down here. I went back to look it was 77 out of 100 picked up the phone called him said please come see me. When can you come see me. It wouldn't have to be a book. The books really pretty good and a real publisher is real good but it could be a magazine. It could be a trade journal where you got a deal to go to an article for the trade journal and then work backwards using the trade journal identity. It could even be a fake thing but it would be most effective if it was a real book. So we go. There were three trade journals in carpet cleaning and wanted cooperation from all of them. So got a monthly tape which means you got media. So he interviewed the editors of all three of the trade journals. Now as dumb as they may be what we figured out is they can handle a short interview about industry trends. Every trade journal editor and probably every association executive can handle a short interview about industry trends. They may not know anything else but they kind of can get through that. So you can use them. And so interviewed all of them. Now you got a relationship with them. Now you cultivate that relationship. Now you always got cooperation. Obviously you could do the same stick with CEOs of companies owners of businesses in a given niche. So let's say you want to prospect dentists in Minneapolis. All we need is some kind of media in which the dentists who are interviewed or profiled are going to appear or the composite of the information gathered from them is going to appear and we represent ourselves to them as media rather than as someone who wants to sell them something. We will get the dentists to participate. Now we just have to figure out how to make the bridge from where we started to where we want to be. The place yourself in the center strategy. We kind of talked about that. So for the sake of time I'm going to zoom past it and talk about the rent a person of influence strategy. This again is the attachment thing. I mean you are who you are with. And so if Scott if Charlie is with his coaching program if Charlie is with Lee and Lee is with these 10 name people and Lee is with me Charlie is with all of them. You are who you're with. So in NSA in 1979 I wind up mostly you know the story so I'm going to just do it as background very quickly. I wind up taking over this miserable stinking cash hemorrhaging failing custom manufacturing slash audio publishing company that was producing audio cassette programs for roughly 50% of the speakers in the country managing to lose a fortune doing it. And teetering on the brink of bankruptcy. And for a year or so of course because of its financial problems it had lots and lots and lots of other problems. Quality control problems, delivery on time problems, etc. So its reputation had to be saved or there would be no business. At the time I took it over I was already rather controversial in NSA because I had managed to I was you know I was a lot younger so I managed to sort of intentionally piss everybody off even without purpose whereas now I like to do it strategically. You're out of the room but just in case you're keeping count I just gave you another little plug so are you welcome. I remember me and your will. I got a list of people I'm planning on out living. So it had a problem. I had a problem right? So what do I do to give it sort of a status boost in this marketplace? Well I go find one of the people who has the greatest status in its marketplace who I can rent. Not everybody is rentable but a lot of people are rentable. So Nito who is speaking at our super conference was at the time one of the big names in the NSA community. He had been president of the association, arguably one of the most successful members of the association. Everybody knew who he was. Everybody lost it after his advice. He would draw the biggest crowd around him asking questions at an association meeting. And best of all Nito is a business guy. And he was selling things to the NSA market at the time as well. A book, ghost writing service and consulting and so forth. So I rented him. We arrived at an arrangement whereby we produced a ton of product for him at cost. And we paid him a fee and we did a seminar tour around the country. Three seminars just for NSA members with he and I talking about the speaking business. And of course made a big deal out of general cassette produces all of Nito's product including all this Nucro stuff that we're showing you at the seminar. And so for a year I owned him in the NSA market. And that changed like everything. Because well if he's there and we want to be like him we must be wrong about that. So we'll go over there too. Plus we want something from him and if he's there maybe be in there we'll encourage him to be nice to us too. So he was a client magnet. Now this was a win-win deal. Some looking at it from the outside would say that he took undue advantage of our very weak position at the moment. He's a very good negotiator. However everything he got however painful it was at the moment to give it to him I considered to be the bargain of the century. So I'm sure to this day he thinks he got the better end of that deal. And to this day I think I got the better end of that deal. And so we're both very happy. It served both of our purposes very very well at the moment. And it sort of loops back also to the 175k to go get your butt shot up into space. Is sometimes these things are money very well spent. And so think about if you're trying to leapfrog in a niche. If you're trying to leapfrog in a community. If you're trying to leapfrog in any constituency. Who are the top five people that everybody in that constituency already knows, respects, admires is fascinated with. And if you can't attach yourself to them any other way buy them. Rent them. Come to some arrangement by which you can connect yourself to them even if only for a brief period of time for pay or trade. If there's five of them, odds are one of them will play. Now understand our arrangement was not known. I'm telling you something that is not known. It doesn't matter at this point but you know it's almost as if both of us were dead from the standpoint of it mattering. It doesn't matter. But certainly nobody knew it. It was deceptive by omission I guess. I mean certainly obviously what the assumption was is that Nido was a client paying full boat for everything he was getting. And of course we produced the most expensive stuff we could produce for him because we wanted everybody else to want to buy the most expensive stuff. So his audio cassette album covers had golden boss full color. You couldn't have made a more expensive cassette album because that's what now what I wanted you to want was I want to be just like Nido. Well pony up. The assumption was of course that he was a full boat paying client when in reality he was not. The assumption was is that we were doing a seminar together him promoting his stuff, me promoting my stuff. There was no obvious disclosure that I was paying him and subsidizing all the expenses. Am lent him keep all the money on everything he did. Certainly no disclosure of the strategy. So this arrangement was not known and it could not be known nor can your arrangement be known in most cases. Now in some cases you can it can even be known that you rented them and it doesn't matter if it gets the right people to you and into the room. There's an article I think it's on your next couple pages of this guy selling questionable investments. This by the way where's Rulac? Where are you? Yeah. This is the strategy I've been suggesting to you for like three years that you've ignored me about. So read the article. So this is a guy I don't mean to say you're selling questionable but I didn't mean to do that. He's selling investment stuff that is not questionable. The guy in this article is selling questionable investment stuff. He went and rented himself Gorbachev. Bought a big check. Made sure he was seen with Gorbachev. At the country club where he wanted to be seen. Invited the people he wanted to a cocktail party with Gorbachev. Now he's got him. He's got his face time. He's got his opportunity. Couldn't get it otherwise. Rent a celebrity. Write a check. There are worse ideas. Especially if you want to leapfrog. Let's talk between now and lunch about getting clients cold if you must. Some by cold I mean you have no place. You have no basis. So like we're a good place. Sometimes that's available to people. Sometimes it isn't. You have no place. You have no entry level heard from which ascension comes. You actually want to go to the street and get consulting clients or coaching members from scratch. The first thing you should know about all that is if you are niched somehow it is infinitely easier than if you are not niched. And usually the tighter niche that you are the better. Then it is usually more a financing problem than it is a marketing problem. For example I can tell you Charlie Martin's case from zero to what did you say? What do you got? How many people you got in coach? 28. What did they pay up front? 28 of them at $25,000 plus. What are they paying a month? Okay. Plus $12.97 a month. She skips all the steps. There's no product. There's no newsletter. There's no heard. There's no host relationship. There's no nothing. That's Charlie going to dentistry, selling them into coaching, $25,000, $12,000 a month. Tom Shack says the same thing in chiropractic with franchise. On and on and on. I can give you 20 examples. And the thing we know from all of them is that cost of sales is going to be somewhere between $5,000 and $9,000. So literally if you tell me you want 100 of them and you'll give me the budget of $5,000 to $9,000 times 100 and you're narrow enough nitched and you got a story, it's formulaic. So this is more like a financing problem than it is a marketing problem. The more niche you are, the tighter the niche you are. So he's not just going, he's not like even going after dentists. He's going after high end cosmetic or implant dentists. And there's other criteria as well. So if you're going to get clients cold, here's some things you got to think about. One is create a hit list and farm them. So when David Ogilvy went in the advertising business, he said, I'm going to make a list of the 100 companies that we want as clients and we're just going to pursue them again and again and again and again and again forever until we get them. And ultimately got like 92 or 93. I forget the exact story. Well most people never even do that. They don't even sit down and say, OK, here's 100 people I want. Here's the 10 people I want. Here's the 50 people I want. If there were 20 businesses in this niche that I really want more than any of the other 20, right? So somehow you got to create your hit list. And if the list is too big, odds are you're not going to get where you want to go. Because very few people, most people are way too broad. You know, when they describe to me who their prospects are, their definition is so broad that the resources you would have to have to have any impact, to do an effective job, you would have to put so many marbles on the table, you wouldn't be bothering to do it. You'd just be clipping the coupons from your marbles. So you got to narrow the field so a reasonable pot of resources can be used to have impact. So most people are way too broad. And so you got to build your hit list, your segment of the segment of the market, who you are then going to farm. By farm it's a real estate sales term. It essentially in real estate where it came from, what they originally meant was you pick a tiny little subdivision, you call at your farm and everybody in there gets mailings from you, you go doorknock, you're at the PTA meeting, you're out there on Halloween giving away pumpkins, you're driving around with your magnetic signs on your car every day up and down those streets, you really work that farm. And real estate agents who are good at it, it's a perfectly viable technique today, I teach it, it's in magnetic marketing. You'll drive through a neighborhood and you'll only see one realtor sign, you'll hardly ever see anybody else's. That means she's doing a good job, she owns that territory. Well you got to take the same approach. You got to carve out a territory that's manageable to you and it may be spread all over the country. By territory I may mean it may be 500 names on a list. But you got to carve out a territory and then you got to like be ever present so you got to be farmed out. So you got to be there, be there, be there, be there, be there. That may or may not mean physically. So for many years one of my farms was NSA. I'll use that as an example now today. So I mean I farmed it. I mean I mailed the hell out of it. I advertised in the publications. I went to every event. I made sure I was visible at every event. So I did all the manual labor stuff. I contributed to the foundations and the charities. I went and spoke at the local chapters. I was ever present. You know, the most common remark of somebody when they finally attended something, bought something, called me up to be a client is, it seems like I'm getting a piece of mail for like five years and it's like you're there every day. Read most of it. But Jesus, you know, how can you, and the question is always, how the hell can you make any money sending all that mail to everybody? Well you just gave me $15,000. I mean that pays for a lot of stamps. You know, they don't connect the dots, you know. So one thing to do if you must go cold is find. Another thing is if you got a short hit list and you are face to face person and you want to get face to face, then it's all about being relentless. It's a great story. I can't remember. What's, hey, Sidney, what's the name of the guy that owns a recording studio in New York where we were? Yeah. Yeah. Garen? Yeah. So she and I are recording her for the sales training program at this studio in New York and I've now like, we supervised her for a while and then she's off running and doing a monologue part. I'm not interviewing her. She's fine by herself. So Steve and I are, we're ignoring her and talking about other stuff, right? Well this guy's got a really varied background, very interesting guy. And so he's talking, he used to be the regional rep for this pizza oven company, which there's a reason why we were having a pizza conversation that's not relevant to you. But so he used to be a regional rep for this pizza oven company that makes a conveyor kind of pizza oven instead of a, and he had to get it into places in New York. And New York being like the United States capital of pizza and nobody thought anybody would buy pizza made on one of these conveyor ovens because it's, that's good. And then, so there's a guy in New York that owns like, he's like franchise king. Any kind of franchise he owns, he owns all the TGF Fridays, he owns all the Ben and Jerry's, he owns everything in New York. And he was, he had just bought the master franchise for Godfather Pizza. So Steve wants to get in and sell them these conveyor ovens. And of course the guy don't want to meet with them. So Steve's telling me the story. He says, so every day, now this by the way, understand this ain't a Kennedy guy. So this didn't come from me. He figured it out. He said, every day, every day, I send him another one of my business cards, stapled to another letter, stapled to the pizza brochure. And now I forget the number, but he told me it was like 93 days or 112 days or whatever it was. And finally the phone rings, he picks up the phone and it's the guy. And he says, how the F do I get you to stop sending me all these damn business cards? You know, I got more of your business cards than you got. Steve says, no you don't. I get them printed 10,000 at a time. There's more coming. You know. The guy says, how do I stop this? Meeting. Then we'll stop. Gets the meeting. Now hardly anybody is that relentless. You know, they're just not. There's a great story in Donnie Deutsch's book about them pursuing, I forget which car company that they wanted as an advertising client. And every day to the CEO's home, he had delivered a car part attached to the sales letter. So this day offender arrives. Tomorrow bumper arrives. The next day the hood arrives. The next day, you know, part of the engine arrives. And although he didn't tell the story exactly this way, I imagine that the CEO is thinking, I got to stop this. You know, because it's a pain in the ass to throw out all these car parts. You know. I mean, and he gets his appointment. So you got to be relentless. If there's somebody you really want to get to, you got to be relentless. The third thing to know is when you are selling cold, it is even more important not to sell. But you really can't be doing a lot of take away early because you worked so hard to get in. So you can't switch that on a dime, right? But what you can do is be really, really, really diagnostic. The way not to be salesy is to ask a lot of questions and get people to tell you things. Now what you should know is that people are dying, dying to tell their story and tell their problems and to confide in somebody who expresses genuine interest in hearing it. And the higher up the ladder they are, by the way, the less likely they are to have anybody that they do that to. They are dying to tell their story. And so, like one of my great questions is, how did you get in this business anyway? Well, they are dying to tell that story. And they have polished that story and they have worked on that story and they got that story perfected. It is the equivalent of the how did you two meet anyway story. See, every couple has got that story and they have fixed it. So the real story is we are both drunk on our ass and we met in this bar and the sex in the back seat of the car was pretty good and we have been together ever since. Well, they have turned that into we were in Paris and at the Eiffel Tower. So they got this thing down. And usually they got it as a little two person George Burns and Gracie Comedy Act. So they are just dying to have this question asked and they trot out their act. Well, this guy is dying to tell this story. He is dying to tell this story. And then it is like the, you know, you ask essay questions. You don't ask yes or no questions. You ask essay questions, you know, so there is, you know, what is the biggest change that has happened in your business or your industry in the past year? You know what? What is really changing in the farm and implement business? And now you have got to really like be interested in what is really changing in the farm and implement business because he is dying to tell you. And then what drives you nuts? You know, he is dying to tell you that story and complain about usually employees and, you know, now you can direct it now. You can start to direct it into whatever it is that you sell. So my directed questions then are how do you feel about your advertising and your marketing? By the way, I deliberately use the word feel. And now they tell you the shit doesn't work and I hate the ad agencies and they go on and on and on and on and on. If I wasn't selling advertising and marketing, I directed somewhere else, right? So you can start to direct it where you want it to go. And you keep asking questions and listening and nodding and grunting and appropriately reacting for as long as they will talk. 20 minute interviews turn into two, three, four hours without difficulty at all. I made some of the biggest sales in my life this way. You just like have to be really, really, really patient. But they'll, like Bill said this morning, you ask the right questions and the client like, you know, figures out his own answer. If you ask the right questions, they now buy you. They make the sale for themselves. If you let them talk long enough, they arrive at the point of, what can you do for me? You know, how does this work? All right? And so that's what you got to do when you sell yourself in cold. And of course you got to wow them, okay? If you're going to send them stuff at some point, yeah, can't be sending them a damn brochure. Everybody sends them a brochure. They got fireplaces for that. You know? I mean, especially in a niche, if you see their mail in the speaking business, meeting planners, it goes in cycles. When I was chasing speaking gigs a lot, it was the trifold brochure. So everybody had a trifold brochure, right, with a picture on the front of them with a microphone and no audience. And, you know, our old joke used to be a picture on the front with a microphone, no audience, inside a picture of them standing next to Norman Vitzapil with Norman trying to get away from them like he's trying to catch a bus, you know. And that was everybody's trifold brochure. So the meeting planner, they've got them laid out on a table. They all look alike. You know, they're interchangeable, right? And this goes on everywhere. Today, in our business, the speaking business, by the way, it's the one sheet. So everybody's figured out they can get cheap. Hell, trifold brochure. Everybody wants a one sheet so we can email it. Jesus. But everybody does it. So if you're going to send them something, you better wow them. Like, you better send them a lot of stuff. And you better send them like all the ammo you got. Thank you.