I learned this from Perry Belcher. I'd never heard this before. When he first explained to me, at first I discounted it and I like try to talk out of it like five or six different times and eventually convinced me everywhere. I was like, holy crap, he's right. I didn't even know this. And what he talked to me about was he said that all of your decisions and why you either do something or why you don't do something is tied to that magic word, status. Will this choice I'm going to make? Is it going to increase my status or is it going to decrease my status? That's the conversation all of your customers heads all day long. So you're like, hey, you should get click funnels and they're like thinking of all these things, right? Like if I get that and I make money, I'm going to increase my status. That'd be awesome. What happens if I get it? I fail. My friends find out I'm going to decrease my status. They're like, oh, but they got 30 guarantees. That means my status won't get my refund if I need some back to status normal. And they're like, oh, but then maybe I can be too comical. That would increase my status. That'd be awesome. Like, oh, but what if I'm not technical? I can't figure this out. Also, like, oh, decrease. And so like going through this thing back and forth and they're trying to figure out because they don't want their status increased. They don't want it to decrease. It's almost scary for someone to have their status decreased than the potential for it to increase. In fact, that's why there's so many people we used to call them Sibs, serial information buyers. They'll buy everything. They won't do anything. And half the reason why is because they're scared that if they do do it and it doesn't work, then like their dream disappears. Right. And there's so much fear behind that. Like, so they just don't try because they don't want to lose their dream. And so you have to understand that when you're making any kind of new opportunity, someone is like, this is what's driving them is this is status. Like, if I take this new opportunity, if I take this leap of faith into this new opportunity, what's that going to do to my status? Okay. And so when I was first heard that, I was like, that's not true. People aren't that concerned with status. So I was asking Perry, I'm like, well, what about like my wife, for example, like, I don't like, like, I want to, I want to drive a Ferrari, like it increases my status. Like I feel cool behind the thing, right? My wife, like she's embarrassed of it. Like she wants like a mom car that no one's going to worry about. And he's like, well, why did she want that? I was like, because she doesn't want people to judge her. It's like, they judge her. What would happen? Decrease her status. Weird. So it works on both directions. It's not just like people wanting monetary things. It's also why people don't want monetary things. Like, if I do that, like when I moved into my new house, like my mom was like, if you move in that big house, then guess what's going to happen? So like all the people, you're gonna be like those rich people on the, on the mountain. And like all these things I'm like, mom, like, you know, like, I thought I was fear, like it's going to decrease my status by a nice house. And my mom's like, I had to convince my mom that like, I'm still going to be normal. I'm so me nice guy. Just, you know, and like, this is like the thing that all of us are dealing with every single day, yourselves internally, but also like, everyone of your customers, think about when you invested in inner circle, how many of you felt that fear of like, huh, $25,000? Like, it's a lot of money. Okay. And you're like, I'm not going to tell anyone because if I fail, I don't want, I don't want them to decrease my status, right? That's like part of it. But as soon as you crush it with your new thing, then you're like, everyone, like how smart I am. In fact, I have a lot of friends. This is why they, they struggle as they'll get an idea. And the first thing they do, they get so excited by the idea and they call everyone they know, like, I'm doing this and they tell every single person on earth. And then they're like, I'm gonna go out and attempt it. And it's like, if you fail, like, you just, why'd you tell everyone already? Like, I don't tell anyone anything that's going to happen. I'm just like, try it. And like, crap, I failed. Good thing nobody knew about it. Huh, you know, does that want to decrease? And then when you happen, you're like, yeah, you celebrate. And so it's like figuring out and we're going to talk one big thing to say, all that stuff we're doing today and tomorrow, you guys is like building blocks of stuff that we're going to be plugging into our presentations later. So like, there's so many ways in our presentation, we're weaving status into it. So I want you guys to understand all these concepts now. And like I said, we're plugging them in tomorrow. But understanding that when you're doing your presentations, you're thinking about this, every single thing, every single thing you're offering, everything you're saying, like, what's the perceived thing in their mind is going to increase their status or decrease it. And if it's going to, it's going to decrease it, what do you create to bring it back to stability? Right? Like, if I'm, if I know people, if they're going to spend $1,000 on our funnel hacks thing, if they pay money, there's immediate decrease in status that our bank account went down. So how do I, how do I bring it back to here? Okay, I offer refund period policy or whatever I think, like, I'm always thinking how do we bring it back to here and then to get them to here. So if they leave the presentation here where the only option is they've increased their status and there's in, there's no, there's no fear anymore. But if I leave them in the middle, they're like, ah, well, I could, I couldn't, or I'm down here, there's no way they're going to buy. Like I have to get them from here to here and here to here. As soon as they're like, the only, like, no matter what happens, it's going to increase my status. And if it doesn't get my money back, like they get, if they believe that, then they're going to buy. Because that's the only thing that's keeping them back. Isn't that interesting? When you understand that, and how do you weave that into all these different things? In fact, a big thing that we're trying, I'm trying to do is like the stuff that we're doing is trying to make it cool. Because when I got in this business like 12 years ago, like, Internet marketing stuff was not cool. Like, ever made fun of me? Like, it was not a cool thing. But we're trying to make it like a cool, I guess a whole funnel hacker, like, all the stuff we do is like, trying to make this cool because it increases their status. Like, people have the shirts, like, I'm part of this cult shirt. Like, I have all these things, like, trying to make it a cool thing so that it's a status symbol all the time. We just want to have Funnel Hacking Live and have 100 people on stage. I want them to increase their status. People see, like, I want to increase, like, it's all about status on both directions. So, anyway, when I realized that, I was like, oh, this is so, so exciting. So, as I'm coming back and I'm making these new opportunities, I'm thinking through that, like, what's happening to their status that they agree to follow me into this new thing? Okay? And not, like, on the religion side, like, if you think about that, like, when somebody, when somebody, if they're living in the world, right, and they say, they want to decide to become Christian, like, they're stepping into this new opportunity, like, that's a lot of fear. Sometimes I lose family, my friends, like, think when you're making that step, like, there's so much fear, okay? But the same thing is happening when they're buying into you, what you guys are doing. Like, in religion, you see, like, political part, like, I never told anyone, like, my political beliefs, because I know as soon as I, like, publicly say stuff, like, I have so much fear of, like, decrease of status, I'm just like, I'm not talking about it. What are you voting for? I don't know. Like, I voted for myself, like, don't bug me, like, because of that, right? And it's the same thing, like, we see it from, like, from, like, stepping into new religion or stepping into, like, a huge political, like, we see that, but, like, you don't understand that your people are feeling that as well. Like, for them to say, man, I'm going to spend $1,000 on this thing, like, they're stepping in and they're going to have a lot of times friends or family members or people that don't understand it and there's so much fear. So it's like, how do you, how do you create something when you bring that person in, like, they, they fill a home, like, all these other things we're talking about, I'll kind of tie into it, but it increases their status and they fill part of that. And we understand that, like, it just becomes, it becomes really powerful. It kind of reframes how you're, how you're doing things and how you're selling things.