Let's get it. We don't have a sports for you. You see a legend. What's up, y'all? How's it going? How's your energy? It's just a more ordinary person. Turn to your neighbor. Turn to your neighbor. Say a song to be legendary. Turn to your neighbor. Say a song to be legendary. The world is yours. Say a song to be legendary. There we go. The world of specter greatness. Y'all doing good? All right. Y'all can sit down. Where is my... There we go. I was like, appreciate it. Well, I appreciate y'all. I know y'all have been here some hours the last few days. So I want to salute everybody that's in this room, everybody watching, like taking ownership over your life. That's incredible. I want you to understand that give yourself a round of applause. That's incredible. My audience here, because you guys' energy matters, I see y'all at home. I'm watching you on the screens, but I need everybody here to say I'm ready. Say it. No, I say like you believe it. Like I'm a football guy, so I don't believe that. Like we about to run out of tunnel right now and play against somebody. Say I'm ready. Say I'm ready. There we go. I love that. So I want to take y'all on a journey today. Shout out to Russell Todd, the whole ClickFunnel staff for putting on this amazing event. It's incredible. I have a flip chart. I'm going to get to that in a minute. But I literally want to talk about living a legendary life. And when I say that, a lot of people already discredit themselves. They think legendary is for a celebrity. They think legendary is for somebody who has a lot of followers or somebody in movie stars. Somebody's in movies, somebody that plays on the football field, whatever it may be. But what if I told you, and this is true, that each and every one of you have a legend inside of you. And when I say that, some people look at me and I kind of see some faces right now like, okay, sure, and I hear you, that seems super motivational, but it's true. If you think about the most legendary people in your life, it was Mom. It was Dad. It was Grandma, Grandpa was a teacher, was a coach. It was somebody that was ordinary that made a decision to do something extraordinary. So I want everybody watching me on the screens from Zoom and at home and everybody in this audience right now. I really want you to make a decision. And we're going to go through this process on how to live a legendary life. Make a decision, give yourself permission. Give yourself permission to make the world respect your greatness. Give yourself permission to be a better leader. Give yourself permission to be a better husband, a better wife, a better mentor, a better student. Give yourself permission to walk into your next level. Because at the end of the day, and I'm very unapologetic with saying this, and I know this might seem a little bit morbid, but one of my biggest fears is to die unfulfilled. And some of us, and I've been here, we plan with life. We're playing with time as if we have forever. My 2021, I lost my mom, lost my grandmother, so many people that made me realize that forever comes with an expiration date. And when you leave this world, if it matters to you, what's going to be your legendary? What's going to be the thing that people say you impacted them? And I'm not just talking about financial, I'm not just talking about having a lot of followers. I got 16 million people, and if that's the thing people say, then I didn't do enough. I want people to say, trench shelter, whatever room he came in, whatever conversation he had, he's an introvert, so whenever he opened his mouth, he made it better. And that's what I want for you. I want to challenge you at home and challenge you in here. Whatever you get around, come around, make it better. It's not that hard. When I say give yourself permission, I'm going to tell you a quick story. I've never heard me tell this story before, but I think it makes a lot of sense. So in my daytime job, I'm a, well, I used to be, it's a Tristan got older. I was a Pee Wee, well, what are you Pee Wee, a youth football coach. And I wasn't, you know, because Tristan kind of is weird when I'm like in my motivation. He's like, dad, you know, I love it, but you don't have to bring it out here like that. Just like chill. So I was chilling the whole season and we were getting our butts whooped. And I told my kids, I'm like, listen, I'm a winner. I know sometimes you got to learn how to lose to be able to win. I understand that it sounds great. It's true, but I want to win. Anybody here want to win in life? Right. I want to win. And so I made up my mind and say, you know what, they need legendary trend. They need speaker trend. They need make the world respect your greatness trend. So I went to practice. I got myself a listen to the thing Eminem in the car. I'm hype, right? Before practice. Jumping around and we have a huddle. And these kids are about 10 years old at the time. And I looked each one of them in the eye and I said, hey, give yourself permission to be the best player that you can be. Stop waiting on daddy, stop waiting on mommy, stop waiting on me to tell you what to do. Give yourself permission to be the best teammate you can be. And I promise you, if we take care of that and take care of that simple business, we'll win some games. So my whole week it was that. So we get to game down Saturday and we're playing a team that we probably should lose to. But I'm giving them a speech. Hey, let's give ourselves permission to win this game. It's about third quarter. I'm going to shorten this story up for the sake of time. It's about third quarter. And I'm the defensive coordinator at the time. It's funny how we give ourselves like prestige titles, right? With kids like I'm the defensive coordinator. I'm just really, hey, everybody go tackle the guy. So it's third quarter, one of my DB's cornerbacks, they get hurt. So they come off the field and I'm looking for somebody to put in and all I see out my peripheral is, but this kid's like jack in the box, right? I just see a kid running out on the field. And some of y'all might be like Trent, like, okay, who cares? It was a kid that shouldn't be playing right on the field. So I'm like, oh my gosh, who put this kid in? The coach is looking at me like, did you put him in? I'm like, did you put him in? And listen, I believe in this. I don't believe in participation trophies. I don't believe in pay to play. I believe you need to earn it. And this kid hasn't earned it. Some people might not like me when I say that, but it's true. We have too much entitlement in this world anyway with these kids. You can clap for that. Yeah. Seriously. Eight plays don't deserve a trophy. My son Tristan came on an eight plays ribbon. I said, no, bro, you lost. Like, let's work harder. It's like he wants to hang it up eight plays. Like I appreciate the effort, bro. We got to get better. And so this kid runs out on the field. He shouldn't be out there. So I'm telling him to come back and I know he hurt me. He just keeps on running. He gets out there. First play. I already know the coach. Because I knew the other coach. I know he's about to target this kid. So they run a sweep, right? All it is, this kid's over here. They sweep it to the running back and I'm like, oh my gosh, touchdown. Make a long story short. I'm going to say his name was little Johnny because I don't know if he's watching this. He's older now. He makes the play. So he gets up clapping and all I hear is mama understands. I know he should be playing, right? You know what I'm saying? The parent, yeah, y'all know what I'm talking about, right? I hear mama understands. Like he should have been out there the whole time. So I'm just hearing it. Second play comes around. They run up the middle. We make a joint defensive stop. Third play. Third down is passing down. And I know for sure where they're going to. So my son is at safe and I say, Tristan, help out over the top. Help, help, help. He's not listening to me. They drop back. They throw a pass. I literally closed my eyes to be on the switcher. I closed my eyes and all I hear is from our sideline. Little Johnny made an interception. Yes, I'd say the same thing too. Like what? Yeah, exactly. I was surprised too. And all I hear is mom, I knew he should be playing. He should be out there the whole time. Like, oh my gosh, I hear about this. And so, but I want to prove a point. I'm the coach. You don't check yourself in. So you ever seen somebody when they did something wrong, but they still did something like majorly right? So it's like, I wish you would tell me something. He had that type of swag running back to the sidelines. Like I wish my coach would tell me something. So I said, Johnny, come here, man. I said, first of all, excellent play. I'm proud of you. That's the way to step up and make a play in pressure situations. But I said, who told you to go in? He said, you. I said, you isn't who, isn't he? He said, yes, you coach, you told me to go. I said, no, I didn't. He said, coach, yes, you did. The whole entire week, you said, give yourself permission. Give yourself permission to walk into your greatness to make a play. You said, don't wait on coach. Don't wait on mommy. Don't wait on daddy. Check yourself in. So I'm like, yeah, I did say that, but I didn't mean it like they said, well, I'm just listening to you coach. I mean, I'm just I'm just a great player. I listen to what coaches say. He said, by the way, how did I do? So the point of the moral story is number one, yes, his mom talked to me after and said, how I should have been playing this season that happened. Totally conversation. But the point of the story is sometimes you can't wait. And I understand there's a process that we can't disrespect sometimes, but for some of us, we've been waiting on somebody or something or a moment to show up. You got to seize your opportunity. Whatever the opportunity is, maybe it's meeting a person to have a conversation. Maybe it's going to the event like you guys showed up. So if you're going to give yourself permission, I want you to say, let's get it. Say, let's get it. Right in the chat. Say, let's get it. I want you to read this quote in the back of this shirt as I write on this board right quick. It says a legend. And I'm just doing this so I don't forget y'all, because I will know me. A legend is just an ordinary person with extraordinary determination. A legend is just an ordinary person with extraordinary determination. And what I want to talk about real quick in helping you embrace your legend is everybody in here. And I know this seems super simplistic. I'm the common sense God promises you. I'm going to speak things that you already know. I just want you to apply it to your life. This is a, you can say a journey of success, a journey of being legendary. And the first thing that everybody has to make, and most of you have made it because you're here, sorry about my handwriting, but most of you have made it as a choice. And it seems simple, but I would say probably 50% of people in this world don't make a choice. Don't make a choice to do whatever they know they need to do. So when I talk about being legendary, it's about making a choice. This is what I want to tell everybody here. Please listen to me when I say this. Every single one of you watching me right now, you're a choice away from a new beginning. A choice away from a new beginning. You don't need 2025. There's still time left in 2024. Some of us are already planning in 2025. And while we're here, I'm going to say something that might get me in trouble. Can I say it? Please don't take this out of context. But some of us, we are too addicted to our goals. You're like, hold up, that's not personal development, Trent. Let me explain. I know if you're like me, goals can be dangerous to your journey of being legendary. I'll tell you why. Some of us, we have destination addiction. We're so focused on where we should be at. We don't realize how far we actually come. And some of us, we're letting our goals control our soul. We're letting our goals control our soul. What do we mean by that? What do I mean by that? It's this. If I'm not here yet, if I'm not 30, ask somebody to write me on threads. Y'all on threads? I don't know if y'all on threads yet. But this person asked me this question. They said, Trent, like I'm 30 years old and I don't have my life figured out. Is this normal? I said, it's not just normal. It's necessary. This is where you find your growth at. Where you find your change at. But we have these self-imposed, not even self-imposed, these societal goals that says, oh, when you turn 30, you have to be here. When you turn 35. And why I'm against goals, and I'll tell you why, like, don't take it out of context because I do have goals, but I'm not addicted to them. I'll tell you why. If you would have asked me 10 years ago, would I be here? The answer was no. I'm way ahead of where I thought I would be. Most of us set our goals not from what we're capable of, but based upon our limitations. How many of you have reached the goal and got there and fell off once you got there? Wait journey. Right? I'm going to lose 10 pounds or gain 10 pounds. As soon as you get there, you kick your feet up. My goal is to make it to the NFL. You know what happened when I got to the NFL? I was, I'm living the life. I made it. And in three years, my butt was out there in the NFL, not for long. That's what is stupid for me. Because I had a goal. So you say, Trent, how should we reframe this? Let me just give you a reframe. Goals are something that you reach. Right, right, right. This in the chat. Goals are something that you reach. Standards are something that you live by. So if I'm you and I have this big goal, I'm asking myself, okay, who do I have to become in order to live this? Who do I have to become in order to be consistent with this? So break it down. Who do I have to be in order to actually not just reach this goal, but actually live this lifestyle? Because if you live the lifestyle, I promise you, you will blow every single goal out of the water. So some of us were too goal focused. Let your goal be a mile marker. Some of our goals become our silence. We have self-imposed silence in our life and we're cutting ourselves short. So when I talk about making a choice, make a choice to live by a certain standard, you know what? I'm going to say this too wide. So my heart, can I speak from my heart, please? I'm going to say this too wide to my heart. So many of us were getting so controlled by the outside noise, by the algorithm. I told my son, you can't allow a coach or fans to make you feel a certain type of way. You're going to have a standard that you live by. This is who I am. I made up in my mind in 2009, whether I look like a person that's in personal development, whether I sound like one. This is who I'm going to be in my journey. This is who I'm called to be, unapologetically. And see, some of us, what happens is we allow all these outside things to disturb our peace. Peace is something you will never experience if you keep allowing things you can't control to control you. So these outside external things shouldn't dictate how you move. But we're in a financial crisis. I get it. I know we got to scale some things back in the economy and all these things in the algorithm. I see it all the time on social media. All the algorithm is the reason why my social media is not growing. No, the algorithm is the algorithm. Stop blaming social media. You're the one who uses it. Get a better strategy. Figure things out. Adjust. And some people don't want to hear that because we want to live our whole entire life like this. It's everybody else's fault. It's Zuckerberg's fault. It's Elon Musk's fault. It's the president's fault. And those things might be true for you, but the truth is your life will never change if you live life like this. Everybody at home on the screens, I'm watching. Everybody here, point the thumb at yourself and say it's on me. You say, I know we say that because we really don't want that responsibility. Act like you got the power. Say it's on me. You should be excited about that because it brings me to my next point. In living a legendary life, you have to realize this. Those five words changed my life. And I'm actually doing a scientific study so I can't say if it's true or not, but I believe it's true because I studied it in real life with people. You look yourself in the mirror every single day and you tell yourself those five words. You don't say it all starts with me. You say it all starts with you. Look that version in the mirror of yourself, that person looking at you because it does start with you. It's on you. It's not on anything else. It's on you to take your power back. Some of us, we blame it on our past relationship, our past business partner, our past this, our past pain. We're addicted to our sad story. And listen, I love you to death, but again, your story is a part of your story. It's not your story. That's why I tell some people just because you have a bad chapter doesn't mean your story can't end well. But you have to take maximum ownership. Every legendary person I know, Russell does this. Ty does this. I'm around these people. They take ownership over everything. Give me the ownership. It reminds me of football. And third down, I'm like, Coach, I want the ball. Give it to me. I want the pressure because I work for it. I trust my training. So when times get hard, I don't run and tuck my tail and blame everybody else as a leader. I say, no, it's on me. Let me figure this out. Those five words will change your life because in this journey of being legendary, I'm just calling this legendary forever. Your second level that you're going to get to is resistance or resist. Hope I spelled that right. It's a resistance phase. I know a lot of you here are legendary already, you're phenomenal in business. All of y'all are great. Let me tell you something. No matter where you're at in life, your next level, when you make this choice, I'm not going to say making a choice is easy, but everybody makes a choice. New Year's resolution, right? Everybody had a New Year's resolution. Everybody makes a choice. I'm changing this year. This is my year. But what happens when you make that choice, you meet resistance. And there's two types of resistance that you're going to meet. External resistance, which maybe it's people that don't believe in you. Maybe it's things that don't support you. Maybe it's the economy. Maybe it's your marketplace. All these external resistance. And the other one is internal resistance. These are the self-imposed limitations that we place on ourself. If I was to call myself any type of teacher or coach, I would be a self-worth coach, because I believe that if you don't have self-worth, nothing is possible. Your self-worth to me is the recollection of your network. If you don't believe in what you hear these last four days, if you don't believe you can do it, you're never going to do it. Self-worth works off of two things. Number one, the acceptance of self. What I mean by that acceptance of self is I'm owning everything about me. Yeah, I got a bad pass. So what? Yeah, I made some mistakes. So what? Yeah, I got some deficiencies in my life, just like you. So what? Yeah, I got some insecurities in my life just like you. And I know a lot of business entrepreneurs, they deal with this because I'm around them every single day. We try to act like we don't, but we do. The other thing is self-worth is confidence of self. You can accept yourself and have confidence. You can have self-worth. And the question I want to ask you while it's on my heart to everybody in here is what is your self-worth? Write this down, please, everybody. What is your self-worth connected to? And I want you to think about that for a moment. I'm going to give some time to breathe. What's your self-worth connected to? Is it connected to comparison? Seeing somebody else's journey? We can be inspired by people, but I tell you, man, when you run somebody else's race, that's the fastest way to burn out as an entrepreneur. I see speakers just getting to this game and they want to do what I do. I'm like, this is your 15th for me, bro. You're running that year one. My year one looks messy, looks sloppy. I go back and cringe at my old speeches, but I'm proud of myself because I actually started. When we look online, we feel like we have to be somewhere when we're just starting. We don't trust the process. We don't embrace the process. The process sucks. I teach people a lot about greatness avenue. When we hear greatness and we look online and we see all these things as an entrepreneur, oh my gosh, I can build a big business. I can do all these things and it's beautiful and it's true and it's possible. But you don't understand the first part of this journey. When I turned down greatness avenue and I'm about to draw a street because I can't draw. But if this was greatness avenue right here and I turned down this road, most people think that it's going to be, that's a pretty decent house, right? It's going to be mansions with good grass and everything. But no, when you turn down greatness avenue, the first thing you see is unfinished business. You see abandoned houses. You see poor landscape. You see people. You know why? Because people turn on that street. They made the dream. They made the decision. They made the choice but they turned on the street and thought it was paved with gold but it was potholes. It was ditches. It was terrible. And they said, oh snaps. Like I thought this was supposed to be easy. And most people what they do is they stop at resistance. Can I just give you some truth? If you're trying to be great in life, legendary in life, you're going to go through resistance. Resistance isn't there to make you quit. Resistance isn't there to make you go back here. Resistance is to build something inside you that you didn't know existed in you. That's what resistance is. So every time I feel resistance, listen, my month of August and I'm being transparent with you, it was heavy. We moving and my wife, like we just moved into the house and she got construct like contractors. I'm like, we just moved in. She getting everything fixed, right? We get a clause and I'm like, we just moved into a new house. And it's just a whole bunch of stuff in my life like going on in my August. It's heavy. When I meet resistance, I don't run. I ask myself this question, what is this going to mean? And I'm about to give y'all some self-worth stuff and I really want you to take this down because this is what I know is true. No matter where you're at in life, you've been through something, but you probably don't go through something. And I want you to remember this when I talk to you, when you hear this message from me. Ask yourself, next time something happens to your life, don't just say, what does this mean? Because most of us are going to say, oh, it means that my life is over. When I lost football, that's what I said, it meant that my life was over. When I lost my mom, it meant that I don't have a mom anymore. That's what it meant. How was that empowering to my journey? It wasn't. So you say, Trent, how do I shift my perspective? You see, your perspective can be one or two things. It can be your prison or your power. So if you're watching this right now and watching me right now, you might say, Trent, man, that's easier said. No, you don't understand my situation. You don't understand I don't have the resources. I might not understand your situation, but I do understand that you're great in your situation. I do understand there's more to your life. I do understand that there's a next level. I do understand that everything you're going through, you're getting through because you're still surviving. I do understand that. But so many of us, we live in our prison, we find ways to justify why we can't do it, because it feels good. It's a great excuse. So I'm not successful because I don't have the right circumstances. And I'm not trying to pat myself on the back, but I have no sympathy for that because I built rehab time from the mud, AKA from the bottom, selling t-shirts out my trunk. I just posted on my Instagram. I was actually, I got an event coming up and I was holding a street sign in the street. People are like, Trent, why would you do that? Because you know what? That's how I started. People are, are you too big for that? Why not? It's free marketing. And actually a few people bought the ticket. But when I had those moments and what I want to just give to you is like your perspective is one or two things. So if it's your prison, how do you change that? Think about it right now. Best way to change that is put an ad just to those words. Don't say, what does this mean anymore? Tell yourself. Some of y'all might not get this because it goes over people's heads all the time. Say, what is this going to mean? Can somebody in the audience tell me what they did? That simple adage of words. Can anybody tell me? So I'll make sure y'all get this. Or in the chat, tell me. Choice. And making that choice, the power is in your hands, right? I can now determine what is this going to mean because guess what? And storms are going to happen. It's coming. So when my mom passed away to talk about a real moment, instead of saying I lost my mom, you know what I said? This means that I'm going to appreciate life because I realize that I don't know how much time I have left. So I'm going to appreciate it be the hell of a father, hell of a husband. And I'm going to make sure I show up and be a hell of a leader. That's what it meant. At some point when I lost football, instead of saying, oh, my life is over, like so many athletes do, that's why you see athletes commit suicide. Because our whole entire life, this is all we've been trained to do. That's it. Play football. I didn't even work the nine to five. I went out to fill in a punch card. Like I don't know how to do none of that. It's like, this got to work out because I sure they can't go to work place. But at some point when I woke up, I didn't say what does this mean no more? You know what I said? I said, what is this going to mean? This doesn't mean that my life is over. This now means that guess what my purpose is now beginning. Yes, my dream was over. Now I'm walking into my purpose. And I want to challenge entrepreneurs. It's bigger than you guys, man. It's bigger than just some financial freedom because I know people got financial freedom and still ain't free. I want you to have time freedom, emotional freedom. I want you to love what you do. I want you to walk into your house and you're a hero to your family. And I know this touches some hearts. And I know we got to go through our seasons of grinding. Men in here, I want to say this to our men. I know we deal with a lot. I know we got to always take on the pressure of being a provider and everything else. I know women, you do this too. But to the men in here, I want to say it's okay to cry. It's okay to have conversations. It's okay not to be okay. It's not okay to stay that way. It's okay to go through things, man. So don't let this world put pressure on you to make you feel like, man, I have to burden all of these things and not talk because I'm tired of seeing it. And I'm sorry for taking this opportunity to talk about that, but it's suicide awareness month. I lost my best friend. And if y'all don't know the story, I started rehab time because my best friend committed suicide because he lost something. So I care about the human inside of you, not just the title of entrepreneur, not just title of whatever it is, the human inside of you. And you got to heal that human because no matter what you do, I had my biggest speaking engagement was in Vegas at MGM, 15,000 people. That was the year that I lost my mother. Three months later, I had a speaking engagement, biggest one ever. And it was amazing. Everybody's yelling my name. I'm speaking. Everybody's straight up and yeah, like right where they box, I look up. I mean, I used to watch Floyd Melover and Mike Tyson flying there. So I'm walking down the house like, this is crazy. I had a super high moment. But guess what happened once that moment ended? I went back to my hotel. My pain, my hurt, my depression was still waiting on me. And I just want to take this time right now just to, I know I'm getting kind of off track, but I really want to teach y'all something right now. And I'm going to write it out really quick. I'm going to flip it because I think it's very important. I'm just following my heart. And I'll come back to this. I promise you. I think this is very important for every human being. I'm going to just make this super simple. How do I want to do this? Let's go here. Let's draw a line. Let's draw three. Boom. Boom. All right. Simple. Zero, five, ten. I believe this is true. I don't know if any of y'all are relate. You know, in the chat, let me know. But if you ever dealt with something, which I know you have because you're a human being, and that's what makes you inspecial, that's what makes you a hero. Superheroes have flaws too. But when I got that MGM speaking engagement, my set point of happiness, what I mean by that is your set point, my peace, my joy, my happiness. Where is yours at today? Not just in your high moments, not in your dopamine moments, like where do you stay at neutral? For me at that time, it's probably one. Because I was dealing with a lot. Not just a loss to my mother, loss to my grandmother, everything. Business kind of in a little turmoil, shaky. I'm questioning my worth, all these things. I have this speaking engagement. And my happiness, my joy, I could probably draw 100. It shoots up. I get that dopamine, hit that rush. Things are going right. When I ask you what is controlling your worth, see, a lot of our work is controlled by outside things. How people feel about you. Right? Your business, all these things. That's why it's important to stay neutral. No matter what, ups and downs. As an athlete, I've learned that you've got to stay neutral. But soon after, probably three hours later, I get back to the hotel and this drops right back. So the point I'm trying to make here is for a lot of us, where is your set point of happiness? No matter how you get, no matter how great things are going for a month, for a year, you're always going to find, I wouldn't say a year, for a month. For a few days, you're always going to find a way back to your set point of happiness, your set point of peace. And you will never live a fulfilled life if you're at five or below. Right now in my life, being honest with you, I'm probably at a seven. There's something called a donor adaptation. It's just a smart way to say you will get used to it. And when you get used to it, whatever it is, the success, the celebrity list, the followers online, I promise you, and y'all know this, it don't hit the same. You ever had a new purse or a new car? And when you first get that new car, you're like, man, I'm driving this everywhere. You don't want nobody to touch it. And then you don't even care if you get a wash no more. You're like, oh man, this car, no, I'm tired of this car. Or you had a new purse, ladies, where like, I'm not going to let my purse touch the ground. And now you just be like, I don't care about that purse. You're like, nah, I still hold my purse tight. Our new shoes, because as human beings, our brain makes us and persuades us to get used to it. So that means no matter how, how I get, even no matter how low I get, I'm always going to come back to my set point of happiness and peace in my life. So what I want you to do right now and be real with yourself is where is yours at? Are you depending on big moments all the time because that's not realistic? You might say Trent, how can I increase my set point of happiness? Well, a few things that I do, and it might seem a little bit weird, and I know you've heard these things in personal development and online is true. Appreciation increases elevation. We've been programming, trained so much by society to focus on what we don't have. That a lot of us become blind to the blessings right out of our face that we have every single day. And I promise you, once you lose those blessings, you realize how blessed you truly are. It's hard to feel depressed. People might argue with me. I know there's clinical depression, but it's hard to feel depressed when you focus on all the reasons why you're blessed. That's why it's important to wake up and give thanks. That's why it's important to wake up and speak life into your life. That's why it's important to look yourself in a mirror and program yourself to see everything that's working for you, everything that's happening in your life. Because a lot of us, if we're being real, the thing we're complaining about is prior to the one thing that we pray for. So appreciation is one. Another technique that I do is called release therapy, reflective therapy. I just reflect on my journey. When I'm struggling, when I feel like I'm not doing enough, I say, bro, if your life ended today, you're already legendary. All the things that you've been able to do, all the things you've been able to overcome, all the things that you've been able to impact across the world, like stop tripping Trent. I know you want to do more things. I know you want more, but don't let the more make you unappreciative for what you already have done. Sometimes I promise you that sometimes the best way to move forward in your life is to look back. And some people say Trent, now the rear view mirror should be broke. I didn't say go back, look back because sometimes we got to look back and be like, man, ain't no way I'm going back because I came this far. Ain't no way I'm going back because I made it this far. Ain't no way I'm going back because everything that I went through, sometimes glance in the rear view to see how far you've actually come and don't get discouraged by how far you actually got to go. If y'all feel that, say straight up. Say straight up. Your set point of happiness. Work on that. Whatever it is, meditation, prayer, conversations, there's so many things, but you got to raise this. How do I feel when nothing great is going on in my life? How do I feel every single day when I wake up? That's where you want to be. Get it to a six, get it to a seven. I mean, some people might be at a 10. I don't know if I ever reached that, but I got kids, but uh, y'all parents know exactly what I'm talking about, but now I love my babies. Just want to say, well, it's on my heart. So number three and number two is resistance. Resist. I know this is terrible, but moving to number three is, I'm just putting momentum just right there. I'm just trying to get my mom. Maybe my mom is like, shot me out. With momentum in your life. Once you break through resistance and I got to say this, y'all, like how many of us, and maybe it's just me, how many of us have started something just to quit and go back and start something else? Any of you know people like that are on, and listen, I do believe in trying different things, by the way, but you shouldn't be always trying, like, different things all the time. Like I have a person in my life, my mom's gonna say they name, every month is something different. I'm just trying to figure it out. No, you're not sticking through it. You have a lot of unfinished business. When you get on Greatness Avenue, you're stopping here because you don't see the matches. You don't see the streets paved with gold. If you just get past this and get to your momentum, this where everything changes at momentum. Because this is where you start to see the harvest take place. For my gardeners in here, my grandfather was the best gardener that I feel, rest in peace, Grandpa. The rest of the gardener taught me a lot. I don't have a green thumb. I'm not a handyman. That is not my skills. I actually try to do my garden one time to prove my wife wrong, and I'll waste like a thousand flowers. I'll never do it again. But my grandfather, he taught me about momentum. And one thing you gotta understand about momentum, momentum is this super invisible force. I learned this in sports that can change a game. You ever watched a game and somebody just gets spanked in one play? You're like, how did this team come back? It's momentum. It's belief. And Grandpa told me this at level three in this journey that momentum is something that you can't see, but you have to believe. So I want to challenge everybody watching this and everybody in this room right now. I want you to stop believing your circumstances, start believing your faith. I want you to stop believing your circumstances, start believing what you know deep down inside in your heart. That's what I want you to start believing. Because circumstances will lie to you. It will tell you that this isn't for you. When I first started speaking, my very first engagement, actually my very first one was in Vegas. I threw my own event and five people showed up and it was in a classroom. And that told me, find something else. This is not for you, bro. But I didn't listen to my circumstance. I trusted my faith. I trusted that deep knowing in my heart that this is what I was made to do. Because a gardener knows this. A gardener knows that something is taking place. I will use the word growth. Something is taking place beneath the surface even when you can't see it. Some of us have more faith in our flowers than we do in our dreams. We plant seeds all the time. Some of us have misplaced faith. Can I talk about this? Can I talk about this? In faith, I'm not just talking about a spiritual religion. I'm talking about everybody has faith. You're a human being. You get in the car and drive and you have faith you're going to make it to work. Everybody has faith. We operate our faith. But some of our faith is misplaced. Some of us have faith in the negativity. We have faith in, man, my life will never work out. We have faith in the prison perspective. We have faith in people's opinions that have never done what we're trying to do. That's why I'll never take advice from somebody who ain't a dreamer. It's like my teacher in high school, Trent, you will never make it to the NFL. You'll never be a D1 athlete. And I looked at her life and I was like, have you ever been one? Okay, stop telling me what I can be when you ain't never done it. Me as a speaker, a Tremend, you will never be a speaker. Have you been a speaker before? Okay. I will not take advice from people who have never been successful with what I'm trying to achieve. But our faith, I know it sounds cute, but a lot of our faith and our worth is tied to opinions. How people feel about you is tied to judgment. Damn their judgment. Excuse my French. I'm sorry, Russell, if I'm saying a bad word. Damn their judgment. People are judging you regardless. They judging you when you ain't doing enough. They judging when you're doing too much. They judging you that your hair too short, this too long. They judge you all the time. So you might as well be your greatest self and let them judge that. So the question that I will write down if I'm with you is where's my faith? I know this. Grandpaul taught me that if you put faith in the process, then eventually the harvest will come. If you water your seed with what you're learning here, and that's the thing that I want for you. I know I took so much information. Please do not leave here and don't do nothing. And say, oh, it didn't work. No, you didn't work. Application creates transformation. Act. You have to act on those ideas. My ideas usually suck. People ask, Trinidad, you get viral videos and a billion video views. A lot of sucky ideas that I tried and they fell flat on their face, but I'm loyal to my ideas because I know the idea that I'm thinking of might be terrible, but it gets it out in my brain and I get to the idea that people celebrate, that people say, oh my gosh, this was amazing. What you don't see is about 10 ideas that fell flat on its face. Application creates transformation. Get the momentum in your life. Y'all got that say let's get it. Y'all got that say let's get it. Before I get to four, I want to just touch on what's on that picture right there. It says protect your peace of what my daughter in New York City. And I'm not gonna talk about protect your peace right now. That's a whole deep conversation, but what I see right there and I was looking at myself is I see a leader. And not just a leader, I see an intentional leader. You see we've been lied to by our society, by our jobs. And listen, there's a chain of command, I understand that. But some of us, we think the only way we can lead is we have the title, we have the position. A legendary human being takes the responsibility to not just lead in one area. I'm talking about a holistic leader. That's what I care about. I don't care if you're successful to the world, but if they're gonna yours, what's the point of that? I want you to be holistically successful. So I mean intentional leader, it's waking up and choosing to take the responsibility and saying again it's on me. Say it again, say it's on me. Say it's on me. Talk about protect your peace, the best way to protect your peace is actually doing your part. Actually honoring the things that you say you're gonna do. That's how you protect your peace. Because I know that if I'm doing what I'm supposed to do, then eventually everything will work out. But being an intentional leader, some of us might think, well I don't have a big platform so I'm not a leader. I don't have this super title so I'm not a leader. I'm not CEO so I'm not a leader. I was that way in football. I'll give you a perfect example. My freshman year at Baylor, sick and bears. No bears fans in here I guess. Usually I get a clap right there, but maybe on the screen right, just put up the pop. My freshman year at Baylor, I'll give you a perfect example. I'm coming in here kind of with the big head. I'm in Texas where football is just the best state ever to have football in. I know people might disagree but I think it is. So football is just religion there. So I'm a top athlete in Texas. I get the scholarship to Baylor. So I'm thinking that hey, I'm gonna play when I first get there. That's my mindset. There's a thing called red shirt. It means that you sit out, you're part of the team, but really you're not, you just sit out your freshman year. So I'm like, I'm not red shirt. I didn't come here to red shirt, I came here to play. So I'm at practice and for the first weeks of training camp, I'm not getting no reps. I'm getting like third string, second string scout team, even that far, reps. And so I'm like, well, they gonna put me in a position to lead and to make plays and to give them, and to let me be, let me create an impact on this team and forget it. I'm just gonna go through the motions. So I started showing up to practice, not late, because I would have got kicked out, but showing up to practice, halfway effort, not stretching, not blocking, lack of days go line up like this, coming off the ball like this. And my receiver coach, coach Jackson, love him to death, two nine. He comes to me and says, hey bro, what you doing? And I said, I'm practicing. He said, no, that ain't practice. You just here, you might as well stay at home for that. I said, coach, it don't matter if I go hard, if I practice or if I walk into this role, and I start like, I'm not gonna play, it doesn't matter what I do, I perform well, I still don't play, I still don't start. He said, wait a minute. And he told me something that I just wanna share with you. He said, man, don't you ever let another man, another person dictate how you move? Dictate how you show up. You got a standard and your standard is legend, so he said, you come out here, he said, I think you should be playing too, but I don't make the calls, but I'm telling you what they saying, the means right now, he's pointing a red clicker at you, eye in the sky don't lie, and he's showing everything. Look at Trent, look at him, loafing. That means you're not, if y'all know what loafing is, it means you're going half ass, right? Loofing all these things. He said, you're giving them a reason to not play you. He said, what I want you to do is to show up and be in the position that you want, act like it. He says, how does a store, oh man, he says, how does a store and receiver act? Do they come out here and not stretchin', do they come out here, not taking care of everybody? No, and he asked me all these questions, he said, man, they prepare, they know their plays, they line up, they block, they're a great teammate, they're phenomenal, great attitude, he said, do that. So every time you catch a ball, you go score a touchdown. He said, you bring the energy, make sure your character is right. Before you know it, in three weeks, I was startin', and I left as a, and I'm not just sayin' this because it's cap, it's real, I left for Baylor Legend. I wasn't the best to ever do it because I made a decision not to let, thanks to my coach, not to let circumstance control how I move. You might say, Trent, what does that have anything to do with me? When I talk about intentional leadership, that's me being intentional. I didn't wait till I got to start in a position to act like a store, some of you are waiting to get in the place to act like it, no, you have to prepare now, you have to act like it now, so you can unlock that next level in your life. That's being an intentional leader, because the truth is, you might say, Trent, I'm not a leader, I promise you, you don't have to have kids, somebody somewhere at some time is watching what you do. You're contagious. I promise you you are, even in here. Energy, posture, it's contagious. You ever seen somebody go to the bathroom and everybody else goes? Right? It's contagious. So my question that I got to ask you, and I know we've been talking about it a lot, my question I got to ask you, and I want you to think about this, is if people get around you, what do they catch from you? Do they catch complaining? Do they catch lack of energy, lack of enthusiasm? Do they catch gossip, talking about everybody else? What do they catch when they're around your life? Because when you're intentional, you want people around you. You want people to catch what you have, because what you have is legendary, what you have is greatness, what you have is goodness. So how contagious are you? Infectious are you? And that's what a true leader does, and some people want to be leaders, but they don't want to lead. Always say there's three types of leaders, there's a purposeful leader, which is you guys, there's a positional leader, where the person gets, he's lead, because he's a senior, so he's the captain, and there's a pitiful leader. It's just the person that's the best. I had teammates like that, they're just really good athletes, and they're phenomenal, but they suck as leaders. Somebody somewhere at some time is watching what you do. And this is not a perfection message, I don't believe in perfection, I do believe in progression. You're not meant to be perfect, but you are meant to be real. So how are you leading people? And as a parent, it's tough. As a CEO, as an owner, where my team is tough at times, but I'm transparent, because my transparency will lead to my transformation. I'm understanding, and as leaders, if I can say this too, a big part of leadership is not just talking. A big part of communication, I know I talk a lot on stage, but if you find me off stage, I don't barely say a word, because the most phenomenal communicators are not talkers, they're listeners. You wanna connect with people on a different level, don't talk, some of us talk too much. Listen more, make your words count, my grandmother told me this, I'm gonna move on, she said Trent, when you open up your mouth, you've heard the story like, give your two cents? Have y'all heard that, right? Not the story, but y'all heard the saying, right? You ever know somebody? I probably shouldn't say this, but I'm gonna say it. You know somebody who always gives their two cents that you didn't ask for? Right? Always giving their two cents. And what I tell people when it comes to communication is that when you give your two cents, when it's not asked for, you're always giving your two cents, it becomes unvaluable at a point. People are like, here we go again. Y'all laughing, because I know what I'm talking about, you probably got a person right now in your brain, hopefully not here with you. But when you make your words count, and you give your two cents when needed, you give your two cents at the right time, you give your two cents when it can be impactful, when you open up your mouth, people listen, and they connect with you. As leaders in here, don't blame the people for not following you, don't blame your employees, don't blame anybody. Put it on yourself. Because some of us, we're trying to talk our way into leadership, and the truth is you have to understand you're wearing the leadership. When you understand what moves people, you understand that everybody's different. I learned this in sports, you can't coach every kid the same. I made that mistake in Pee Wee football. I talked to a kid like I talked to my son, and he started crying on me, and I got in trouble by his mama. Like that didn't work. When you take time to understand, you can really connect with people. You can impact their life. Y'all got that? Say let's get it. Let's get it. Fourth thing is, just put it like this, EXE, execute, or EXE, execute. I might go say the word goal, I almost caught me there. Success, whatever it is, execute. I'm gonna be very quick right here. At some point, we have to get out of the planning stage. At some point, and I'm probably wrong when I said this, so listen, unfollow me, I get it, and I'm not against vision boards. But I love the vision boards, because we gotta set visions, but some of us, we have all these vision board parties, and it stops there. Have the beautiful vision boards, and I gotta tell you that there's a vision inside you, a vision meant for your life, that no vision board can hold. I want you to move from the vision, I want you to have an execution party. I want you to celebrate that you execute. I want you to celebrate that you made. I want you to celebrate not that you had, everybody has a vision, everybody has a dream. When people say, dreamer, I don't wanna be a dreamer. I wanna be a, I wanna live it. I don't wanna just have a vision, I wanna experience it. I wanna walk in every single day I wake up, and I live this vision. I don't care about your plans until I know that you acting on your plans. I don't care about your vision board until I know that vision board is really real for you. It's cute to post on social media, I get it. I'm not saying don't do it, because I have my vision boards, but I promise you this, I'm acting on it, and I'm executing. That's what makes you legendary, that's what makes you a go-to person, and not just executing when you feel like it, not just executing from time to time, but consistently executing. I'm obsessed with the signs of consistency. I'm obsessed with it, because y'all think it's a talent thing. It's consistent. The reason I'm on this stage, not because I'm the most talented at this or that, is because I'm the most consistent at talking about what I talk about. I made a decision in 2009 that would help people with their self-worth. Now that elevated, I talk about other things, but I wanted to be the most consistent people, so guess what? When people were struggling with self-worth, guess who the recommendation was? Go to Trent Shelton's page, I promise you, he's gonna have something there to help you. But I was consistently executing. When I talk about execution, it doesn't mean it's this grand thing. Just get out of dreaming it, and get to the point where you work it. You work it. It looks sloppy, it looks messy. If I showed you my old videos, my old speeches, I promise you, but at some point, you gotta get to the point where it becomes real for you. What's that execution look like? What's the one thing that you're gonna leave here today and execute on? No more talking it. We got some strong thumbs. No more typing it. This is my year. No, it is your year, but make it your year. Your year doesn't have to start in 2025. You're a moment away. You're a new beginning away. You're a commitment away from a new life. So I talk about consistency. I gotta say this and we'll move on. I got eight minutes. Consistency is a life thing. People say I'm not consistent. That's a lie. You are consistent, I promise you. You are. That's the biggest lie. I used to tell myself that lie too. I have a consistency problem. No, you don't have a consistency problem. Some of us are consistent at the wrong stuff. We are. We're consistent at things that don't move our life forward. Life, you're always being consistent one or two ways. Either it's moving you forward or it's holding you back. The question is, how are you gonna have conscious consistency? Meaning that I have conscious and mindfulness around my consistency. So I understand if I just show up every single day, I understand the opportunity cost. And that's another great question to ask yourself. It's how much does it cost you not to show up? The reason you're consistent to things that you hate, like going to a job at some point for y'all, that you went for years and you hated it but you showed up every single day because you understood the opportunity cost. The reason you went to school for years and you hated school, I know some of you are scholars and loved it, but you understood if I didn't go to school, what would happen if I didn't show up? And you understand vividly what's gonna happen, but a lot of us we're not consistent with the thing that we say we love. And that's my question. How can you say you're, how can you say means the world to you? And everything to you. But you can't be consistent. You can be consistent of the things that you hate. But you can't be consistent of the thing that you say you love. And it's not some brain issue with you. For most of us. It's literally understanding how important your mission is. And I know this might seem a little too much, but if you treat it like life or death and somebody say, oh, you can't eat healthy, my mom had cancer, right? She would not touch a juice before she had cancer. I'm not drinking no juice, beat juice, nah, I ain't drinking that. The doctor came and said, hey, you need to start drinking beet juice, your life depends on it. She was drinking, she called me, hey, I need some beet juice, I need some beet juice. Because I like to put it on it. We gotta start acting like that. I'm not saying unhealthy urgency, but we need some healthy urgency. So when you understand how much it's costing you, you'll be consistent or as we leave, as we wrap this up, or it's gotta be truthful. And I've seen this a lot. You're not consistent because it don't mean that much to you. You might have a dream that's been influenced. You say, oh, I wanna do it because somebody else is doing, that's a great reason, but sometimes that reason doesn't hold weight. I'm doing this because I know I'm called to do it. I couldn't stop this if I wanted to. I can't turn this off if I want to. Consistency will change your life. Consistency will make you a go-to person. Y'all get that, say let's get it. Let's get it. And last but not least in this, in the whole process is that once you consistently execute, you know what they call you? They call you a legend. They call you legendary. Call you lucky. It's like, yeah, if 15 years of work is lucky, sign me up. When you consistently execute people, it's not about people, because you're already a legend. They recognize you as that. And it becomes your life. I don't know, I would ask you to raise your hands, but I know this is true for all of you sitting here. Some of you might be already in this place, but I know a lot of you wanted to be your life. I know a lot of you wanna wake up and be able to live in purpose, and breathe purpose, and do purpose. And every single day you wake up and trust, I'm telling you right now, it is phenomenal. It gets heavy, it gets stressful, but at the same time, it's phenomenal. But you gotta be able to go through everything we talked about today to live that legendary life. We can cue the music as we leave here today. I wanna just speak some words to you. Before we get into the words, I just want you to think about just one thing. One self-imposed limitation that you've been putting on your life. Maybe it's an unfair judgment. Maybe it's something in your past that is controlling your self-esteem. I want you to break those cycles and let go of that. Because sometimes your next level, and listen to me when I say this, your next level for some of us in here, it's not upward. Some of you think you're missing something. It might be true for some of us, some skills setting. How many of y'all learned something while you've been here? Absolutely, phenomenal speakers. I know a lot of them, amazing. But also for some of you, it's not about upward. For most of us in here, your next level was inward. It's diving deeper in what you truly want. It's diving deeper on what your mission really is. Because when the mission is deep enough, the failure, the fear, the doubt, the criticism, the bankruptcy, you can go on, we'll never be strong enough. Because you got a solid anchor that's gonna keep you pushing through. I want you to think about that. Can we get the music, are we good? We can cue it. Everybody on your feet real quick. Y'all get something today? Y'all get something today? I know I talked about it a lot. But I told Russell, I told the team, man, I wanted to just pour. You know what I mean? I didn't want to have a scripted speech. I wanted to just pour it to y'all. So I know I went all over the place, but hopefully you got something. Honestly, as long as you take one thing, maybe I said something, you took nothing. That's fine with me too. But as long as I impacted one life, here or there, my job is done. These are the words I want to tell you. Never back down, even when your back's against the wall. It matters how many times you give back to me. It matters how many times you give back up. Not how many times you fall. It's about your mentality. What's the point of dreaming a dream if you're not working to turn that dream into reality? So funnel hackers, speak life into your life. Be your own motivation. You see a legend is just an ordinary person. But extraordinary determination. So find a way to make one. Because at the end, you just regret the chances you didn't take. So find the courage to take one. You see, you're only living as you. Don't surrender to your struggle. Make that struggle surrender to you. You see, pain is temporary. But giving up is forever. Never be good when good enough, when you know inside you live something better. You didn't come this far just to settle. You didn't come this far just to accept whatever. You came this far to take it to your next level. You came this far to become something greater. What makes it even more special? That you didn't depend on favors. You probably did it with plenty haters. But as you can see, it doesn't matter who doubts your life. It's your life. When your life is highly favored. For fun or happiness. For your dream. For your purpose. For your family. For your friends. For your mission. For this world. For your community. For whatever it is that you're fighting for. Make this promise. I will never stop working. Say it. I will never stop working. I said make this promise. Say it. I will never stop working. I will never stop working. I need you to fill in your soul. Say it in your heart. Your soul. Your being. Say I will never stop working. I will never stop working. One more time. Say I will never stop working. I will never stop working. I will never stop working. You guys will never stop working. But remember this. When the destination is worth reaching. The path. The path. Won't always be perfect. But I will tell you this. It will be worth it. You're going to live your legendary life. You're going to meet the greatest you don't live with potential. Live in your potential. You give your greatness to the world. You make the world respect your greatness. You live it. You breathe it. You be it. Like I always tell you. It all starts with you. It's rehab time. Let's get it. I appreciate y'all. Thank you so much. Thank you. Who's your answer for Trash out there? Trash out there. You guys are amazing. That was amazing. That was an awesome way to end funnel hacking live. That was insane. Love it. All right you guys. Before we wrap a couple things. First off I want to thank Todd and the ClickFunnels team. You guys saw the updates they put together in the last 12 months for you guys to side of ClickFunnels which is insane. Thank you Todd and the entire development team for all you guys have done. That was amazing. Thank you Bruce. Thank you Russell for an amazing past couple days. This has been insane. Thank you to all the speakers. Thank you to everybody at home. This has just been insane. I love it. So awesome. I also want to thank all the people that make an event like this happen. As you guys know to get 10,000 people virtually around the world. Intel studio audience, all the chaos and the people and the speakers. Everything is not a small task. I want to thank the entire ClickFunnels team. I want to thank the Eric Warrie Studios team. I want to thank Davon Brown for keeping the energy going for the last couple of days. Come on around and applause. I think last off I want to thank all of you guys for participating full out. You guys are still here after four days of insanity. Congratulations. Now real quick our team over the last couple of days has been filming and capturing and editing the whole team back there editing. They wanted to create a really special video for all of you guys. Like a thank you video to thank you guys for participating, for playing full out, for being here for the last couple of days. And I can't believe the video is done and it's ready. And we're all going to have a chance to watch it here together here in about five seconds. But before we do, we just want to thank you guys again one more time for being here and participating. Again, we're going to be hanging out together as funnel hackers in like five months. Funnel Hacking Live 10. Funnel Hacking Live 10. We got some crazy new updates for you there too. If you noticed, typically Funnel Hacking Live, we share all the stuff that we got done, everything that's coming. We didn't talk about anything that's coming because we wanted to just deliver what's done and finished. But what's happening at Funnel Hacking Live 10 is going to blow your minds. So there's a little hint. So that's why I got it. I want to tell you guys so bad you're going to freak out. Don't tell Russell a secret. I'm going to write a book about it. I'll send it to you all. It would be awesome. No. Anyway, so make sure you take your tickets to Funnel Hacking Live.com. We'll see you at Funnel Hacking Live 10. The last dance with that said is push the thank you video. The people that are going to change the world are us. It's the entrepreneurs. It's the people that are actually out there creating things that they love, that they believe in, that they want to do. It's people like us that the ripple effect is going to reach out into the world demonstrating and modeling what life can really be. The desire in you to care for other people and to help them have their impossible story, that makes you. You get the drive from attending Funnel Hacking Live and seeing what is possible. It has actually changed my life. Your dreams must be greater than your doubt. Start valuing the dream. I've been dreaming of being an entrepreneur, of having a massive impact in the world. The bigger the dream, the bigger the resistance. Be open, listen, wonder. You don't have to guess what to do. You just got to do it. If you do it right, something magical happens. The reality of what makes this group so powerful is just all of you guys. And it's been a really just amazing experience to watch that happen over the last decade. Thank you again for what you're bringing to our world.