All right, the last funnel I have here is kind of a core one, is the product launch funnel. And this is one that Jeff Walker, Frank Kerr, and some of these guys, really, really, really made famous. And the process basically is you've got a funnel that looks kind of like this, and you're sending out, and this doesn't really work to like new traffic. This is when you've got an email list. This process works really, really good. So basically you come in, and day number one, you say, hey, I got this really cool video that's going to teach you a process, right? And so you have the first video. We call the first video the wow and how. My goal is to show you, wow, like, open your mind to this big, you're saying, wow. For example, if I was going to be doing a product launch around our high ticket, our high ticket Seeker's product, my wow and how would be something like, did you know that you can sell high ticket stuff without using a phone, and you do that by just using a simple two pages you add to any funnel, something like that, right? So this becomes my big wow, and I'm like, wow, that's really cool. Let me show you how it works, okay? So that's video number one. It's just a free video, and then you get them to subscribe and get ready for the products that's coming in the future. And video number two is the transformational education, okay? So now you learned about what this is. Now let's take you through some education to transform. Let me show you how exactly I do this. This is the video. It's usually more of the teaching piece. Let me show you how this whole thing works, and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Okay? This is like the how to video in this launch sequence. Video number three is the ownership experience. Now you're trying to take it from, let me show you how to do it to, let me show you how this is going to work in your life. Can you imagine if you did this, and how you did this, and how you did this, and I start pushing this ownership experience, now you start being like, this is me. I can sell high ticket stuff. That would be really cool to have somebody on the phone sell expensive stuff for me. How cool would that be? You're making that ownership experience, now it's turning them like, this would be really, really awesome to do. And then the last one is, boom, here's the offer, here's what you're going to buy. Who here has seen this process in action a lot? In the internet marketing world for about four years, this happened every single week with a new person's product launch over and over and over and over again. And eventually it became the pattern, right? Everyone was doing it and it became the pattern and it kind of died away. But what's interesting is you see now people in other markets doing this and they're killing it with it. Going through this process, doing four videos, video number one is wow and how, transmission education, ownership, and then the offer. Each video usually is released three to five days after each other and it's just a process that's proven to work over and over and over again. And it's a really cool promotion you can run to your internal list. Or if you want to do a real product launch, we get a whole bunch of partners all to promote, it works awesome as well. It builds up all the hype and the buzz. It's kind of like, it's kind of like when they launch movies the right way and they release the first trailer. And then the second trailer, excuse me, then the third trailer and then everyone gets excited and literally think about the movie The Hobbit. When the first one came out, when the offer date came out, I remember when it's the movie is the opening night because I love opening nights of movies. They're like the most fun thing. We showed up in the movie theater and half of the people walking around were dressed like hobbits. Do you guys see that? I got pictures of all these people. I get a picture of you like you're a hobbit and everyone shows up dressed like hobbits. Now that's weird that happens in the movie world. When Star Wars came out, we were dressed like Darth Vader. When the new Star Wars comes out, you know that half the freaking audience is going to be Yoda, Darth Vader, all the weird people that are the first night. That's the best that you have to go. What's happens in these things right here? You build the hype, you build the hype, you build the hype and then boom, here's the offer. You see people. Last month some of our friends did $16 million in a week by going through this process. Build the hype, build the hype, build the hype, open the doors, shut it down, go cash your check. It's a big check to cash. Anyway, I've never done $16 million on a product launch but they crushed it. Who here saw that product launch? The Amazon selling system one? $16 million. It's the biggest internet marketing launch in our space ever. I got a $300 million email from them. They did a good job blanketing the world. So those are the core funnels.