The worst thing that has happened to us in terms of being able to resolve problems, deal with crises and act on opportunities, the worst thing that has happened to us is voicemail. It is the ban of modern civilization. It is just awful because you can't get to anybody even when they're supposed to be there. See, I understand, obviously I'm biased, but I understand like not being able to get to me because I ain't there. But I'm not there. I understand not getting to him. See, I know Steve ain't there. He's in an airplane. He's in a hotel. He's standing in front of an audience talking. I understand not getting to him. What I don't understand is not getting to the secretary of the vice president. She is supposed to be in a cubicle. In fact, she probably is in the cubicle. I know she's in the cubicle. So why doesn't she answer her phone? Why doesn't she at least check her messages and call me? And so voicemail is in the way, but you can't let that dictate how you respond to things. And in case you don't know, almost every company has the ability to page somebody in case you don't know. And the bigger the company, the more likely they can go find somebody if you force them. And in yourself and in the people who work with you, you must somehow instill the idea of urgency that this must be handled now. I was at one of the reasons that the guy that used to run the product deal at the Peter Low events, many of you raise your hands, you've been to those events. So you understand those things are giant, the giant Tupperware parties, but we sell tapes around sell Tupperware. But the product like is real important. And if the product's not there, this is like fatal, you know, because that's the whole point. Obviously, the attendees, some of them think the point is that they get to hear Colin Powell, but see that that's not the point. The point is, sell as much stuff as we can. And it's harder to sell from an empty wagon than from a full wagon. In fact, in that environment, it's almost impossible. So not too many cities ago, the guy that runs the product area, the afternoon before the event, three of the speakers products, none of it is there. Ziggs, Peters, and Dr. Brower's. No product. Now, I've had days when mine hasn't been there, and I immediately go into the massive action mode. I'm on the phone screaming at Carla. I'm on the phone screaming at the guy. I'm on the phone screaming at UPS. I'm finding the guy at seven o'clock at night. I don't see. I don't care that he went home. I don't know that. Boxes. Boxes. Real single-minded. Boxes. I'll find the box. So this guy, the next day now, I happen to be standing there at two o'clock in the afternoon, and there's still no product. And the guy, the president company says to the guy who's supposed to be handling this, you know, what's the deal? Here's his answer. I don't know. I left messages, and they haven't called me back. But see, that's normal. See, he thinks he did something, but he doesn't understand urgency. He did nothing, because he's exactly where he was as if he didn't make any calls. He might as well have said, I didn't make any calls, because the outcome's the same. I don't know nothing. And the end outcome's the same. We had no boxes. And his job is to get the box, not make the call. Get the box. And he didn't get it, so he's gone. And now hopefully somebody's there who gets it. The guy before him, who left of his own rollish, and see, he really got it. The one time we had the situation with mine, he was in his own rented car in the UPS terminal at 11 o'clock at night looking for the boxes. That's the correct response. Now he ain't supposed to be there, and they're not supposed to let him in, and all, but that's the right thing. The wrong thing is, well, I left messages and called me back. And well, it's only been a few hours. No, no, no, minutes. Minutes, seconds. This. Not this. Here. If you do, three minutes, boom. That's urgency. But people don't get it. Successful people get it. Real successful people get it. There's a famous Donald Trump story. Donald Trump and Leona Helmsley both take a lot of flack, but they really are great hotel people. I don't have time to tell it. I have a favoritly Leona Helmsley story. But this is a great Trump story. Supposedly true, I have no reason to doubt it. Trump's inspecting his hotel in Atlantic City. He's going through, you know, with a couple of vice presidents and clipboards, and he's walking through the hotel, and they go in the men's room. And there's, you know, stuff that's, I mean, there's tiles laying on the floor, and there's a pool of water, one of the toilets is leaking or something. And he says, fix it. Get this fixed. And one guy with a clipboard scurries off. They go to wherever they go next, the restaurant or whatever, and then Trump turns around. They're supposed to be heading that way and heads back to the restroom. And walks in the restroom. And there's a puddle, and there's stuff in the car. And he blows, you know. And the other guy that's with them with the clipboard says, well, but it's only been 10 minutes. And Trump says, well, you got 10 minutes to go fire the other guy and find somebody to clean this up. I'll be back in 11. See, Trump gets it. See, one guy goes in there in the 10 minutes and slips on the puddle. You've got yourself a million dollar lawsuit. And a high roller goes in there in the 10 minutes and gets his $2,000 pair of shoes wet and decides to go to another hotel next time and lose a million dollars. You lost a million. See, minutes matter. And a lot of people don't get it. Successful people do. In being effective with your time, Broke is saying already, just bought it. By the way, you can buy these things in the spy shops. Just don't take them in your carry-on baggage. It's a very bad idea. Schwarzkopf uses a word regimen. Regimen means like disciplining yourself to do the same thing the same way at the same time every day. Like people who have AIDS, the medical stuff, which setting aside all the debate of whether it works or not, like the stuff they're all supposed to take, it's like a full-time job. I mean, they've got to take these two pills precisely this time of the day and you've got to take this with food and this not with food and you can't take this pill at the same time because this pill, I mean, it's unbelievable. And there's a thing called, do you guys know what a bi-adical settlement is? It's a way to invest. You buy insurance policy, somebody that's terminally ill. When the latest advancements came in the so-called drug cocktails for the AIDS people, there was a lot of conversation in financial circles about, oh my god, the bi-adical settlement business is going to collapse now because all these people go live longer and all the numbers have gone to crap. And of course, it proves that that's not the case at all because hardly anybody has the discipline to take the stuff the way it has to be taken in order to prolong their life. And they do it for a little while, but they won't stick to it. Now, I have sympathy for them. I mean, I saw the regimen. It's like I'm having trouble sticking to my vitamin one and it's like nothing like that. But successful people have certain regimens about what they do. Like, for example, people say, how do you write so much? Well, my deal is 5 a.m. That's my deal. And so I write for an hour, two hours before there's any interruption, before anything's happening, before I got to go anywhere, before anybody's calling me. And I do it virtually every morning. Very rare is there an exception. Too many exceptions, you don't have a regimen anymore. And different people may not need to do that, but you need to put yourself, the more regimented is the use of your time, the less flexible time you have, the more you get done. See, we people don't get a lot done is because actually they're busy making choices about how they're going to use the time when they should be using the time. I mean, a lot of people actually go to work and then think about, well, what am I going to do? I'm here. I got here. Try that on people that work in an office. Ask them, when you get to the office tomorrow morning, what's the first thing you're going to do? And what's its intended outcome and when do you plan on having it done? Most people won't be able to give you an answer. They haven't thought past get to the office. Then they get there and say, I don't know what to do. Got me six piles here. Wonder which pile I should work. Have you ever done that? You got so many things to do you can't decide which to do. And so you just kind of stand there. I don't know what I'm going to do. And before you know it, a half an hour is gone and you're still not doing nothing. It wouldn't have mattered which one you started with. You'd have been better off. You'd have to flip a coin, throw a dart, start. But it's best to like, no. That's best is to know. Salespeople, honest to God, salespeople get up in the morning and don't know who they're going to call. Try that if you've got a salesperson that's working for you. Let me see the list of everybody you're going to call. See if they're numbered. Who's the first one they're going to call? Who's the second one they're going to call? Who's the third one they're going to call? If they're not, guess what? They don't know. So now they're going to sit down at the desk with the phone, open up their call list, and then they're going to sit there for a while in prime selling time thinking about who they're going to call. And after they call one person, they're going to sit there for another 10 minutes and ponder who they're going to call next. In prime time, there should be no pondering. There should be doing. You can ponder, drive it home. Ponder while you're on the pot. But you don't ponder while you're supposed to be calling. I don't say. But people don't get that. So when you regiment your time, see, like, I don't have to make a decision about the first two hours of the day. I'm going to get up and I'm going to go right. The only decision I've got to make is, what am I going to write? That's why I make that before I go to bed at night. If I'm going to write, boom, put it right there. That's the only way to ask. Go write that. Now, that decision is done. So I sit down and I start writing. Now, you know ponder and no shuffling. I start writing. And therefore, that's a pretty productive hour or a pretty productive two hours. And so this idea of, you could call it time blocking. You can call it appointments with yourself. You can call it regimentation. It all helps you be more successful. Here's something that gets preached against. The chin get preached against. Some people are ingrained that this is a bad thing. Who said to me the other day, oh, Reed Hoisin can said to me the other day, my whole life is about finding shortcuts. Not bad. It was a big deal to me to discover that they don't give you more money for doing it the longer or harder way. It seems like you should get extra. But you don't. They do not add to the deposit when you take it to the bank. If you say, I did this the hard way. I figured this all out for myself. I didn't go buy a book. I didn't go listen to anybody. I didn't go check with anybody who's ever done it before. I didn't do any of that. I'm real proud of myself. I started by inventing fire. I figured out how to make fire from rocks and sunlight. That's where I started. They don't give you any more money. Just take the deposit, put it in the bank, and it'll start. So you might as well have used a lighter. But a lot of people do that. Shortcuts. Shortcuts are what other people know through experience. Now that's important because it's different than what other people know. It's what other people know through experience. We're just great story. Let me see if I, this is one I haven't done. Let me see if I can get this right. You should never test them in front of an audience. But there's a lion, a lion, a donkey, and a fox. And they're all out rabbit hunting. And at the end of the day, they got this big pile of rabbits. And they're all caught. And the lion says to the donkey, why don't you go divide up the rabbits fairly among us. And so the donkey goes and he makes three piles of rabbits. At which point the lion kills the donkey, eats some of the donkey, and throws him up on the pile of rabbits. And now he says to the fox, why don't you divide the rabbits up fairly amongst the two of us. The fox goes and makes a big pile of rabbits on one hand and takes one scrawny little rabbit for himself and goes off over on his farm. And the lion says, how did you learn to count so well? And he says, I learned from the donkey. See, that's knowledge from experience. That's not knowledge from somebody that sat in a college somewhere and wrote a book. Or knowledge from somebody who went and got it from four other people and just rewrote it. There's a lot of that going around. That's knowledge from somebody that actually had some experience, usually successful and unsuccessful, and now synthesized it and is willing to share it in one way, shape, or form. A lot of people ask about this. It is what I call compartmentalization. And people who work with me often talk about the surprise that I can instantly stop one thing and go to another thing and do it over and over again. And the illustration that Maltz used to use is now antiquated. He used to talk about clearing the calculator and a visualization of that you had to clear the thing before you could do the next problem. You either stored it in memory. Stephen, people are fussing. Can you give me some more sound? I don't know why this is, but... I might be able to see this. I can do this, but we're going to pop peas. See, we're going to get echo if we do this. His illustration was clearing the calculator. It's actually wildly outdated now. A better illustration is the computer of closing a file, opening another file, closing a file, opening another file. That's literally what you train yourself to do mentally. And if you have multiple responsibilities, multiple tasks, multiple projects, or multiple clients, it's a pretty important thing to train yourself to do. And it's not an accidental. I mean, I've worked at it, but I can... This summer, I was at one of the fairs, and we had a... I think we had a platinum conference call. If I'm not mistaken, it was either a client conference call, a Guthy Raker conference call, or a platinum conference call. But I went from a seat of the Salkie crossing the finish line into a little office in the barn and onto the phone to do the conference call in under five minutes. And I was fine. I was totally focused. You close that thing and you open up the next and go to work. And it's an important thing to learn how to do if you have problems with it. It's really a matter of concentration. But the best example to look at, and we have a couple athletes in the room, the example for me that has always sort of motivated me to work on this is the coach. Because they've got to do these two things. They've got to be able to compartmentalize and they've got to be able to shift from one thing to the other. They've got to hit their reset button between plays. So think about when it goes bad on the football field. I've always said the worst job would be coaching pro basketball, because I think that's the fastest game and there's no built-in break between the plays. A good friend of mine, Coach Foster, a college coach, heart attack on top of heart attack and it doesn't surprise me in the least. But think about football and so a play goes bad. Your quarterback goes out there and does a stupid play and throws an interception. If that coach behaves like most people does and stays upset and mired in all of the emotional reactions to the stupid thing that just happened and all of the horrible things that can now happen as a result of what that happened, six plays go by and he's still in a funk. Well, he can't be. He's got to reset instantly. And you see stuff happen on sidelines in games that they've got to set that aside and not think about it and move on to the next thing. And they're able to do it minute by minute by minute by minute. So we ought to be able to do it maybe not at that level, but at some level. Really, a football game is like maybe a corporate quarter condensed to an hour and a season might be a corporate lifetime condensed to a season. So I've always looked at those guys and said, you know, it's amazing that they can do it. Certainly most people thrust into the situation wouldn't the game would get away from them. They would still be emotionally reacting to something that happened five, ten, fifteen, twenty minutes ago. Has the game escaped them? And it's a real important skill or talent or ability, I think, to develop. There's two things linked here that I want to talk about. A lot of what we've been talking about this morning has to do with how independent you can be. And in terms of money, in terms of client selection, customer selection, in terms of the way you do business, who you wish to do business with, how you wish to charge for doing business with the people that you do business with, right now in healthcare. And Dr. Willis is here somewhere, there you are, in dentistry. I don't know if we have a chiropractic consultant type person here or not, but we do have a dental chiropractic. You know, one big issue is, is the practice going to participate or opt out of managed care and be a true cash for service practice? And in all probability, by the way, if our healthcare system is good, we're going to have two healthcare systems. We're going to have those of us who pay and get what we want and everybody else who stands in a bread line somewhere and gets abused by doctors who function like postal workers. And it's going to be a big separation in between. And so what's going on in dentistry and what's going on in chiropractic, to some degree, are practices that literally are completely opting out of the insurance system. And they are saying to their patients, here's how you do business here. You pay us. And if you can get reimbursed more power to you, but we're not going to participate in that part of the process, your problem, not ours. Radical, but great independence if you can do it. Well, the bottom line secret which kind of segues us into marketing to having great independence is simply having enough deal flow. That's it. If you have your marketing act together and you have enough prospective customers, clients, patients flowing towards you, you can be very, very independent. You know, as I said, it takes a different mindset to be viciously independent when you have no customers. But if you want to enjoy that attitude, it's easy to have it when you have more customers than you need. And you have to winnow somehow anyway. So you might as well winnow out those who will not do business precisely and exactly and totally the way you would love to do business. And the secret is to crank up the deal flow. Now there's a couple things about that, two corollaries. One is that a lot of people, particularly in service businesses, get caught into the trap of securing a certain amount of business and then having to go produce or service that business. And they don't do any or they do very little marketing while they're doing that. And one day they wake up to discover that they've done a great job, but they've also put themselves out of business. The solution to that is you never turn off the marketing machine. My rule is every day. Every single day we've got to do something to keep new blood flowing into the pipeline that is going to evolve and turn into business. And if you let a day go by because you're too busy doing this or too busy doing that, then it's easy to let two days go by and then let three days go by and pretty soon you've established a new and different pattern that is not productive for you. And so my rule is every day there's got to be some mail going out or I've got to be on the phone with some person who is ready to do business. Somehow we've got to be keeping the pump running that brings new blood into the business. In many service businesses the choice you have is feast or famine. You either have too much or you have too little. Better to have too much than it is to have too little. So you keep, Confucius said many things, but one of the good things he said was dig the well before you thirst. So you keep your systems running that are bringing in new business even when you don't need it. You don't turn that down, you just get pickier about what you take, but you keep the systems running. The second thing is diversity in the way you get business. A lot of people get lazy and rely on one or two or three productive ways. When I first started to do consulting in chiropractic I was working with a practice management guy and he had built three consecutive single doctor million dollar a year practices in rapid periods of time. So he would go into a town, build one, sell it, move someplace else, start another one, build it, move someplace else, start another one. And he'd become kind of famous in the profession for having done this. And he said the number one question that he always got from everybody, didn't matter who they were, the number changed but the question never changed. His basic number was 72 new patients a month. And so they would come to him and they would want to know how do you do that. But specifically what they would ask is tell me the thing, what do I do, what's the one thing I do is what they either said or meant to get 72 new patients a month or the number might change to get 30 new patients a month or to get 12 new patients a month. What do I do? And what they really wanted is what everybody wants. I mean they want to be handed one magic pill that solves that problem. And his answer was I don't know anything to do to get 72 new patients a month. But I know 72 things to do to get a new patient a month. And I do all 72 of them. Some of the best marketing advice I ever heard is having lots of open doors, lots of funnels, lots of methods bringing you new business so that if they cycle and one's down and another one's up, if you get a slump at one place it doesn't translate to all places. And you don't need to depend on this one or two or three things to keep you alive. You don't need great results from any one thing, you just need okay results from a lot of things. And sometimes one of the ways people get lazy is by what I call bad economics. Michael and I were talking yesterday, we had this conversation about some things. Here's one method of bringing in business and let's say that it works reliably and productively and it's very profitable. Maybe it brings in new customers at a 2 to 1 or 3 to 1 or 4 to 1 front end profit. Every dollar you spend you get 4 back and you get a new customer. And over here's a method that brings in new customers pretty reliably but it only brings them in at break even. Every dollar you spend you get a buck but you get a new customer. The temptation is to only do this one and drop that one. But dangerous temptation, not a very smart temptation. Anytime you can acquire new customers at break even or better you should dance in the streets. And so any method that gives you a new customer at break even or better you should keep doing it. As long as it's not cannibalizing the better one, as long as they can coexist without any trade off, without any cannibalization, you should do them all and you should do as many of them as you can find. I talked to another client this week and he's using broadcast fax to generate all his leads and his lead cost is way, way, way down. And he's very excited about all that so he stopped doing his trade journal ads. Because it costs 4 times as much to get a lead from the trade journal as it does from the broadcast fax. But it's profitable running the trade journal ads. I said no, no, no, no, no, no. Keep doing that. Do this as much as you can but you don't stop that because this works better. This works okay. Keep it working too. And if you can have 10 things with varying degrees of profitability but all acceptable, do all 10. What does the example of cannibalization mean? Well, if the higher cost method stole prospects from the low cost method, then you'd have to think twice about doing them both. But if one is not treading on the other one's territory, they're bringing you two completely different sets of prospects, then you want to do both. Even if there's little cannibalization. And then there's also the issue of whether you want to buy speed. I mean, you and I have had this conversation. You know, I had a client for years that ran full page ads in a collection of about a dozen magazines a month. And what we discovered is you could put two full page ads in the same magazine separated by pages that looked different and you didn't get double the response but you got almost double the response. Both were profitable and the cannibalization factor, in this case duplication, same person answering both ads, was under 10% of the total prospect base. So under those circumstances, would you do it or not do it? Well, you'd do it. And the next thing you test is what happens if we do three ads? Because you're not stealing money from yourself. Now if you're stealing money from yourself, then you got to think twice about that. Does that, okay. A lot of people, you guys are probably all be honest, but there's just massive confusion about positive thinking. And I wrote about it and wrote on my books. A lot of people think that if I'm going to be a positive thinker, I can't acknowledge anything that goes wrong or anything that will go wrong. And so the, here's the answer to the incongruity of being both an optimist and a pessimist. Smart entrepreneurs are big picture optimists, but they are detailed pessimists. They think they're going to get there. It's like, I fly a lot. I don't know how many days a year I'm up there, but I'm up there a lot. I pretty much, I don't have any fear of flying. I think the plane's going to get there. I don't really give it a thought. I assume that we're going to take off when we're going to land safely. We may not get there when we're supposed to get there, but we'll get there. I don't have much worry about the pilot flying to the wrong city by accident. I don't worry about the plane coming apart. None of that bothers me. In general, I'm an optimist about air travel, but I'm a pessimist about all the details. I assume the plane's going to leave late. I assume they're going to lie to me about what's going on. I assume they're going to try and poison me with the food. I assume they're going to lose my baggage. I assume they're going to be nasty and abusive to me. I assume I'm going to get there late. I'm pessimistic about the details, and therefore I've got little plans for how to deal with all of that when those bad things happen. A smart entrepreneur approaches business the same way. Plan a project, plan a campaign, set a goal. You're generally optimistic about getting there, but you have to be detailed, pessimistic about all of the things that can go wrong in the process and what you're going to do about them. You can simultaneously be a believer in Norman Vincent Peel and Murphy's Law. One does not void the other. A lot of people think it does. You've got to be all one way or all the other way. No, no, no. There's a point where they're okay. You can believe in both and in fact should believe in both. Thank you.