In television, in the infomercial industry, for the four-year period of time that I was most active, my record was one winner for every eight. And in the industry, that's like terrific. If you're funding the other seven shows, it ain't so spectacular. But yet, if you funded all eight of them, it's fine, because one in eight, you wind up making a lot of money. But if you looked at that like success or failure, you'd eventually quit, wouldn't you? I mean, if whatever you were doing, if seven out of every eight times, you bungled it, and you look at it as success or failure, you'd probably go find something else to do. But that's not what it really is. What it really is, is an ongoing process of testing. And the challenge is, A, not to worry about what succeeds and what fails. The big challenge is, to determine what's not going to work as quick and cheap as you possibly can, so you can stop doing it, and concentrate on the things you find that do work. And you've got to do a lot of stuff that doesn't work in order to keep finding winners. If you've got an ad that worked for you, and now it's starting to sag, and you're going to put new headlines on it, the chances of just writing one and testing that and having it win are not very good. You may have to test six, seven, eight, nine, ten of them before you've got yourself another winner that you can live with for six months or eight months or twelve months or a year. And it's very hard to bypass that process. But if you think in terms of success or failure, I did five ads, none of them work. You get depressed, you beat yourself up, you get frustrated, you quit. So seeing this in the frame of testing, rather than success or failure, is important. The other corollary to this comes from Malz. And basically what he discovered, and he used the analogy of guided missile technology, but what he discovered is something that everybody knows if they stop to think about it, and that is that very few people get from where they are to where they want to be in a straight line. But an enormous amount of unnecessary frustration develops by thinking that you should. You cause yourself a lot of pain by thinking or feeling that you should be able to set this goal and move towards it in a perfect straight line and get there in a straight line. That's not how anybody gets anywhere. People get places most found with one or two patterns. Most ordinary people get there kind of like that. And some people get there with tight little zigs and zags. This process is faster just because it's tighter, but nobody gets there that way. The difference between those two is clarity, knowing what you're trying to accomplish. That's the difference between loose, sloppy, and tight zigzags, but nobody gets there straight. So if you don't expect to get there straight, that opens up a lot of options for you with alternative plans. And if this doesn't work, I'm going to try that, and I'm going to test this. And if that doesn't work, I'm going to do this without being annoyed or frustrated or aggravated about it. Just as there's 100 success factors we can talk about, you can reverse them and there's 100 failure factors. But most pure marketing failures, not business failures, but pure marketing failures, are largely the result of missing one of the key bases. You either identify an unresponsive market or you got a bad message slash offer. You're trying to sell something that people don't want, or trying to sell something to the wrong people, or trying to do it by the wrong mechanism. So it comes back to the message market media. Most of the failures come from that. Even people get themselves in trouble doing stuff like that. You take a guy like Peterman right now, who I'll mention a couple times during the day, but you've probably all seen the news, the J. Peterman clothing guy who they made fun of on Seinfeld. But you know, he's a real guy, real business. I've told people for years to get his catalogs and study his copy, because his copy writing is phenomenal. He's, I don't know, maybe out of business by now. I think on Wednesday he had 72 hours or something to find a buyer or new financing, so the bankruptcy court was going to liquidate him. And this is a company that went from $10 million in profits to serious deficits in a one-year period of time, and maybe three or four reasons for it. But the main reason is that the numnut with a fabulously successful mail order business decided to go open up a bunch of retail stores. Now, that's called wrong media. He's got funky, weird oddball products, or the mundane products he sells. He changes them into funky, weird oddball products with the copy. So now you put it on a shelf for people to look at it. It's no wonder they don't buy it. You know, I mean, when I heard he's going to open stores, I thought, well, there's a guy about to put himself out of business. I mean, Paul Heimer almost did it with Sharper Image, but Peter Minut's even more. Because like, you're buying, I mean, the example I always use is I bought two Navy Blazers for the same Navy Blazer twice. I mean, he got me twice. And I think this thing is $300 bucks or 400, but it's more than I would ever pay for just a sport jacket. And it's a blue Navy Blazer. It's always blue blazer, three brass buttons, end of story. But, yeah, I mean, you buy one anywhere in town you want for $175. It's either $395 or $495. I don't know what it is. But you buy it because it's the David Niven Blazer and the story of, you know, walking out of the bomb crater perfectly pressed. Everybody else, wreckage all around you, ready for your martini. That's why you buy, well, you can't do that in a, a guy walks into the store and says, blue blazer. Right? I mean, what are you going to do? It just made no sense whatsoever. So the guy put, shifted himself into the wrong media and killed himself. So most marketing mistakes are not this kind of stuff. They are their core marketing mistakes. Now, how do people put themselves out of bigger issues in business? It's all this kind of stuff. But the marketing stuff is usually actually pretty simple. I mean, you can look at just about every either successful business that turned around and failed or a business that didn't make it and you can find the problem in one of those three places. Sometimes all of them, but at least in one of them. There's Burger King. Burger King is a fabulous example. They got a, they got a core message problem that they refused to fix. See, Burger King, they've been through every ad agency in New York now three times. They fire them higher than the next one and now they've got to go back to one and say, fire it because they used them all up. They keep thinking they'll go fix this with advertising. And what they continue to stubbornly try and advertise, which is why McDonald's kicks their butt, Wendy's kicks their butt. They're like fifth now in areas where there's Jack in a Box, Jack in a Box kicks their butt. They're, see, but what they don't get, they can't figure out why they can't eat McDonald's, but look at all their advertising. The message they rely on most is that our food's better. They always want to tell you about the latest thing was the French fry taste test and how their French fries are better than McDonald's. And the burger is framed, well, we all know it's a better burger. We already know that and that ain't working. See, they forgot they were in the fast food business, keyword fast. And what people go to those places for is fast, not good. If you want good, you don't go to any of them. If you want good, you go like to a restaurant, you know, but they go there because they want fast. And see, McDonald's wins the battle because they're fastest and they get your butt in and out of there. I mean, you can be in order, stuff it down your throat and leave in three minutes. Burger King, you're still standing at the counter. There's chaos everywhere. They can't, nobody's, there's no system. There's no, it's just chaotic. They need to fix their system. So they got a message problem. They're all hung up trying to sell something that is not what the consumer, not what their consumer wants. So they got a message problem, core marketing problem. And they've never fixed it. But the bottom line is in the fast food wars, quality never wins. It never has and it never will. Because you sacrifice speed to deliver quality and what the consumer wants most from fast food is fast. That's why Arby's is never, they got the same, they got the Burger King part. They got the same problem Burger King got. They can't get the food out fast. Their system is just horrendous. And they've never fixed it. Now the idiots at Taco Bell are about to, you know, they've now added more menu items than we got people in the room. You know? I mean, so their pace is slowing. It's taking longer and if you read the food industry magazines, they're starting to get in trouble. And the reason they're in trouble, they're losing customers is because it takes too long to get to damn food. And, you know, they got that old dog. They do have that dog, yep. His question is, there's millions of books. How do you figure out what to read? You buy and read the ones I tell you to buy and read. That's how you, that's how you, that's how, huh? That's how, oh, what's my system? I read a lot, yeah. And I was going to talk about this later too, but, and I speed read, so I am able to read a lot. And I think you should read a lot. And if you don't read a lot, you fix that. And if one of the problems is you read slow, you fix that. And the speed reader guy is over here, Howard Berg, who you've seen on TV. You might not recognize him because he's dressed like a farmer or something here. He's slupping around in these cobbles. But Howard's like the number one speed reading guy in the country. I mean, if you read slow, go get his course and then read fast. But, I mean, there's stuff you can do. You know, there's executive book summaries. There's a company out there that condenses business books into one page summaries and sends you 50 of them a month or something. There's one that puts them on tape. You can do the books on tape deal. If you've got time in your car, when you can't read, you can listen. But the only way you find stuff like this is going through a lot of stuff. I didn't find it by reading an article about it. I didn't read a review about it. Nobody told me about it. It's just because I read 50 books in that category that month and found a good one. And I don't have a better answer for you. Man, you did mention 10 books. Yeah, I mean, I wasn't really serious about the 10. I mean, it's like an arbitrary pull it out of my butt number. It's not a... I mean, you know, but... You would certainly read the personal development classic. I mean, if you're starting from scratch, like if you got some new salesperson in your company or your kid is finally ready to pay attention to you and maybe do something you want to tell them to do. If you're starting somebody from scratch, you certainly haven't read the personal development classic. I mean, think and grow rich, magic of thinking big, how to win friends and influence people. You know, that stuff. In marketing, you would go read the equivalent, the old stuff. Robert Collier's stuff, James Kennedy's stuff. You know, so if you've got a big used bookstore in your town, that's a nifty place to go start. And I would put Ringer's book on the list as a must. I would put Psycho-Cybernetics as a must. Again, that's all classic. You know, it's largely classic stuff. I guess you could call Ringer classic by now. At least it's old. The numbers of people eager to tell you how you ought to do things in your business or in your life is almost endless, often repetitive. And the bad news about all that is, is that ultimately they all go away. And you're still stuck with you. So my idea is that you move ever closer to engineering things to be the way you want them to be, regardless of what anybody else thinks. And if that means you want to dress like a farmer, then you dress like, you know, you dress like a farmer. And if you want to wear your baseball cap backwards everywhere you go, like, you know, you've got a headband on. I thought it was a baseball cap. But I mean, if that's what you want to do, then that's what you want to do. And you can do about anything you want to do and get the marketplace to accept it. The first Gary Halbert seminar I spoke at, how many of you get Gary's stuff? You may? The first Halbert seminar I spoke at, $7,000 per person seminar. I mean, you want to talk about brass? You know, I don't know about a hundred people there. They've each paid $7,000 a piece. And Halbert comes strolling in in shorts, a t-shirt with a fish on it, and head and shave. And he's got a baseball cap on that says, clients suck on the front of them. And I'm thinking, I'll be damned. You know? He'd probably go to a fan in somebody. But positioned properly, the bottom line is they'll tolerate anything from them. You know, the joke was the seminar in Key West. I mean, you can't pick a place harder to get to than Key West, Florida, from most places in the United States. I mean, it's horrendous. So Logic says, I have this with boot camp clients all the time. You know, let's put, we should put the thing in Atlanta so it's easy to get to. No, don't matter. You can put it, have it at home. Where do you live? Well, I live in this place that it's four puddle jumps to get to. And yeah, fine. Have it there. Don't make any difference. If you position you and it properly and you market properly, they'll tolerate anything. So you can do anything you want to do, any damn way you want to do it, and figure out how to sell it to the marketplace. And so your personal satisfaction ought to come first. Nothing is worse than winding up with a success you don't like. Pretty early in my speaking career, I was at a rally. I liked these Peter Lowe events, but it wasn't a Peter Lowe event, but it was, you know, 10, 12 speakers. We were in the San Diego Sports Coliseum. Big event. And a very successful speaker, big name in the business, was on right before me. And so we're standing in the back. And as he goes up the ladder to go to the stage, he turns to me sort of with a disgusted look on his face and says, I'd sure as shit rather be out playing golf today. And I thought to myself, not good. Not good for the audience, but really not good for him. Now one day, if it's an aberrant day, we all have him, you know? But if that's the feeling every day, what a horrible thing he has crafted for himself. Because he has got himself trapped in a success he don't like. So when I talked to speakers today, I talked to them about, you know, the first thing I just figured out, who the hell you want to speak to and what do you want to talk about? And how are you going to get there? You may not be able to start there, but how do you want to get there? Because you don't want to wind up spending your life talking to people you don't like or talking about a subject you're not interested in. You make money that way, that's easy. The older I get, the more profound it becomes to me. If all you want to do is make money, that's easy. But if you want to make money in a way that is enjoyable and exciting and gets, you got to attach a lot of parameters to it, it gets more difficult. But if you don't attach the parameters to it, you're not going to be particularly, you're going to become miserable, regardless of how much money you make. And so you begin to understand, sometimes I say to myself, you see these people who are, like I often joke, if I was fly, fly, stomp, stomp, stomp, stomp, I'd be making Rocky 412, you know? They'd be, we'll, for $10 million a picture, put the boxing gloves on, in the wheelchair, wheel them into the ring, you know? Good hit, the dentures go flying, you know? You say to yourself, why would anybody walk away from that? You know, you got, every year people leave, hit television shows, where they're making 50 grand a week, 100 grand a week, 200 grand a week, and they walk away. And most of them walk away into oblivion, whether they think that's where they're going or not. And you say to yourself, why they, you know, Seinfeld? I mean, everybody said, and I said it, you know, one side of me said it too. Why they, you know, would you walk away from this? You know, you get a seat, I mean, you get a seat anywhere, you get a seat in any restaurant you want, you know, you get anything you want. And now you're going to risk oblivion, and paying you all this money to show up, to not probably work very hard, and how you're going to replicate that. But the other side of me understands it. Because to do it, that person has to have reached a point where they build a success they no longer like. And no amount of money is worth it for that person to come in and do that thing that no longer interests them. I understand that. So I think it's important to build an enormous amount of personal satisfaction into what you do, and to think of how you're going to feel about what you do now, and next year, and five years from now, when you do it and engineer where you're going to go. Along those same lines, there's what I call the trade-off factor. You know, everything has pluses and minuses, everything you get, you lose something in order to get it, everything's got a price tag. I have some profound personal preferences that make it impossible for me to say yes to certain financial opportunities. And like number one on my list is, no employees. But that's just me. That doesn't necessarily need to be you, but that's me. And so there are people right here in the room who do things that are very lucrative and profitable that I know how to do, and in some cases help them do, that I don't do purely because I refuse the staff to do it. And like right up on my list of things that under no circumstances am I willing to do is have staff. I mean, I'd rather have a root canal without anesthesia, and my nails pulled out with pliers, than you know, interview, hire, and manage a staff person. The whole thing just turns my stomach. And I've been able to engineer a successful business without it, but I sure have passed up on a lot of stuff in order to have that. Some years ago, I added a telemarketing room, added telemarketing to his business, and the first year quadrupled the profits, and then he closed down the whole telemarketing operation. And a lot of people thought he was nuts, but I understood. He just said, it wouldn't matter if it multiplied the profits by 500 times, I ain't gonna deal with that anymore. It's just not worth it to me. And so I think you have to, and I believe that ultimately you ought to put your personal and your lifestyle preferences ahead of profit and figure out a way to engineer your business to meet your preferences, not tolerate stuff that you don't like or don't want to do, or that you find unethical, or whatever in order to get the dough. There's so many different ways to make money that you don't need to do things you don't want to do, which brings us to clarity. When you do a lot of consulting, and I do a lot of consulting, and some people in the room do consulting, what you discover is it's really easy to stump people with like the first three questions. It don't take much. Every once in a while, somebody comes into a consulting session who's given it a lot of thought beforehand, but for the most part, you pretty much get into a question like, describe in detail for me exactly what you want your business to look like in three years, and that's it. Now the day's over, because they can't do it. Years ago, we used to do multi-day personal development seminars. We spent a whole first day on goals, and written goals, and all the stuff you've heard seven million times. And then the second day, we would offer $100 bills to everybody that had written goals with them. And we'd do it for the audience, the size. Here's hundreds. How many of them got them? Rarely. I'm not going to give away three, four hundred bucks in the whole room, because people don't take the time to get clear on what it is that they want. The flip side of that is, which a lot of people talk about this, don't either talk about it or don't agree with it, but I believe it's just as important, just as useful, maybe even more useful, and certainly easier to figure out what you definitely don't want. And that's an okay place to start. Jeff Paul, who's going to talk to you a little later this afternoon for a while, I mean, Jeff started there with being profoundly certain of a handful of things that he did not want in his life, and did not want to do under any circumstances for any amount of money, and that a business had to be built that did not acquire those things. That's as good a path to a clear vision as is trying to figure out what it is that you do want. And sometimes it's a lot easier. And a really nifty exercise, if you haven't done it, is the top ten list of things that you absolutely do not want in your life no matter what. That can get you to clarity pretty quick. You know, the Robert Redford movie that was out a while ago, would you sleep with him for a million dollars deal? Remember that movie? A lot of people sagely said, you know, the response to that would be different if it wasn't Redford. You know, I mean, well, think about it, you know, it's a little easier to say yes than if it's some, you know, fat, ugly, giant toad, you know, when Warts Allerum would just sleep with him for a million dollars. I mean, but, and it would have been a more interesting movie had it been that. But nevertheless, there's an interesting question. I mean, what will you do and what won't you do for a million bucks? You'd be amazed at what some people will do. But what are these things that you don't want in your life no matter what? And then you engineer the business to match those things. In my case, as employees, one of the things on Jeff's list was no time. Never, ever under any circumstances. So I'll never wear him again, refuse. And I doubt. I don't know. Have you gone to a meeting since? Do you own one? Frunels and weddings. Frunels and weddings, yeah. Not to some people, that may seem stupid. Well, so the question is, if there was a meeting with a hundred thousand dollars at stake and it was being held at some place, you absolutely had to have a coat of tie when he refused to go. I don't know what his answer is, but his answer, if he really is, his answer ought to be, yeah, I wouldn't go. They either move the meeting or I don't show up, but I'm not wearing no tie, if that's really important to him. And you can do that and get it the way you want it. The Hollywood stars, you know. I just read an article, I forget where I read it, but premier, I guess yesterday, I was getting haircut. The list of things that Kevin Costner must have on set for him to agree to do a movie adds like millions of dollars to the budget. And they had a bunch of it in there. It's all got to be part of the contract. He's a nutrition counselor with no credentials, by the way, forty-five hundred bucks a week. And most of the time she sits in a hotel room and watches TV until every once in a while he wants to call her and ask her something. And she's got to be there, or he don't do the deal. Well, you want Kevin Costner, you may, mm-hmm, sure, but you, yep, I'm San Barbara, you know, and the window's got to face east. And then, well, see, if they can get away with that, we can all get away with that. Now, I don't think you want to be goofy about it. I mean, you know, Robin Leach, you know, does a lot of infomercial work. In fact, you know, he would do an infomercial, there's a term for Robin in the industry, but, um, but you know, one of his deals is he has to have a dressing room with a window. That's the deal. You can't put in, I'm going to tell you, there's a lot of sound stages in this country where there ain't no windows that look out anywhere. So you've got to go, you've got to find, or you've got to put a window in if you're going to have him come work. Well, yeah, so we can do the same thing. And speaking business, in 1980s when I first started, say, first class, I only fly first class. I'll fly college. Hugely rare and controversial at the time. Today it's becoming more and more commonplace because travel's so ugly that more and more speakers are insisting on it. But at the time, everybody looked at me like I was nuts. You're going to lose a lot of business, clients aren't going to put up. The first class airfare could be as much as half your fee. I mean, it's, the whole thing's ridiculous. Associations won't do that. Corporations won't do that. I never lost a gig. Not all the years I'm speaking have I lost a gig because of that demand. If you've probably marketed yourself and they've decided they want you, yeah, they may bitch and moan and whine and bite their tongue, but they'll go pay it. And so you can get clear and do this the way you want to do it. Your earlier question, here would be the biggest single, I think, determinant of overall individual success or failure, would be the way, two things, the way you value and use your time. Time is everything. And the world is in a giant conspiracy to screw you out of yours. Everybody gets up in the morning trying to figure out how to suck up your time. Not literally, of course, but figuratively. I mean, that's the end result of what happens. In my time management book, I talk about time vampires. Well, the truth of the matter is everybody's one of them things. And in every environment, it's different. When I was briefly, for a few years in an office environment with a lot of people, I mean, they will interrupt you every second of the day if you will let them with trivia. That's one of the reasons, even with the small staff that we've had recently, it's one of the reasons I don't like going to the office at all. First of all, it disturbs the people that are there when you show up. But then what happens is everybody feels compelled to ask you questions and if you weren't there, they'd handle on their own. And a lot of people invite this from their employees by schlepping around these damn cell phones because that's what happens with the cell phone now. You might as well be there. Is they call you with 56 million questions that if they couldn't get you, they would handle somehow. And more often than not, they would handle it fine. Maybe not exactly the way you would, but it would get handled. I watch these guys on airplanes. That's what they're doing. Half the time, they're taking calls back from the office answering dumb questions. Turn the phone off, get somewhere. If you can't be in an airplane for three hours without everybody having to talk to you, things are out of control, man. Watch the movie. So people will take your time if you let them. And they'll take as much of it as you will let them take. Nobody will have a short conversation when they have an opportunity to have a long conversation. Everybody wants to tell you the whole story. We joke about it's the conversation starts, they're going to tell you about the problem they got in production, but the conversation starts with, I had two eggs and wheat toast for breakfast. And you got to listen to everything from breakfast to here to get to the problem that you really could hear about in 30 seconds. And so I think you have to be ruthless about safeguarding your time. And just little shifts of minutes. There was a study done, Fortune magazine, and some I forget who the other player was, but they did a big survey a few years ago, Fortune 500 CEOs. And I think the average, when you average back the feedback, the CEO said that they got in less than 30 productive minutes a day. Think about that. Some of these guys are getting paid by their stockholders, umpteen millions of dollars, if you didn't, by the way, Parade magazine last week did their annual deal where they show what different people get paid. They do it every year. And I think like Spielberg was $41.7 million this year in compensation. Some executive, Carla, who is the one that was $100 and some odd million in salaries? Oh, it's the CEO of Prudential, which here's a great argument right there for not buying insurance. The guy's personal tax compensation was like $100 million. And this guy's getting in 30 productive minutes a day. Do the math. You think Michael Jordan was getting overpaid by the basket. Do the math. You talk about somebody getting overpaid, but then do the math if he's able to go to 33 minutes a day. And see what it would mean in dollar value? It's enormous. And that's what the whole game is. The truth of the matter is we're all woefully unproductive, but little shifts towards productivity can give enormous payoffs. I just, somebody yesterday said to me, they're fairly new in the corporate environments about their second year. They said, how does anybody get anything done? I've been in meetings all day. Well, that's what happens in the corporate environment. Now, everybody's in meetings. They're all hiding out in there together. And no, nobody does get anything done. My biggest corporate client, we actually have telephone conferences, sometimes with as many as eight people on the telephone conference, to schedule a telephone conference. I'm saying this is nuts. Now, I don't care. I'm billin' it. But so fine, if you want to spend a half, you know, $450, if you want to spend a half an hour a phone talking about when we're going to talk on the phone, it's okay by me, but this is nuts. But that's what's happened in big court. And you can't let it happen to you. So you got to be really, really, first of all, you got to place a high value on your time. Everybody should go through the exercise. There's various formulas. There's one in my book. Everybody should go through the exercise of trying to actually calculate what your minutes should be worth. If you haven't done it, you should do the math and figure out what your minutes and your hours need to be worth in order for you to have the income you want. That's like square one, so you begin to get more PO'd when people use up those minutes. Because if you don't get mad about this, you don't fix it. I mean, you've got to be kind of aggravated about it. And figuring out what the minutes have to be worth will help do that. And then you need to begin to adopt processes, procedures. Different ones work for different people, but you need to begin building your time protection system so you can preserve the value of your time. In the corporate environment, for example, it's putting an end to the dropping by and asking a question and forcing each person that you deal with to make a list and only talk to you once a day in a certain designated time. That works in a corporate environment. It doesn't work out in the field and it doesn't work in the entrepreneurial environment. And there's little things and big things, but even little things. If you work in your office and that's where you work, then you, for example, adopt the policy of never meeting anybody in a restaurant for a meal. You make them come to your office and then you go from there to the restaurant. Because so when they're 30 minutes late, you can be doing something other than reading a magazine. And will they be? Yeah, of course they'll all be late. So rather than sitting at the restaurant for 15 minutes, you can be on the phone making a phone call and then when they get there, let their ass sit in your waiting room and wait for 10 minutes while you finish the phone call. You win, they lose. It's the way it's supposed to be. So you adopt all these processes to safeguard your time and improve your personal productivity. Here are a few of my best ideas. Number one, limit access to you in general. Limit access. And pretty much people should not be getting to you unless they are either already giving you money or are virtually certain to give you money. Now let me tell you something about that. If you have people now getting to you in sizable numbers who are not yet ready to give you money, who you have to sell from like square A, you don't have a time management problem, you've got a marketing problem. But you definitely have a marketing problem. You should not be on the phone, and I don't care if you sell industrial chemicals or you don't care what you do. You should not be on the phone or face to face with somebody who on a 1 to 10 scale of readiness to write a check is less than an 8. If you're spending time talking to 2s, 3s and 4s, you can never be a high performer in terms of making money. You've got to only talk to 7s, 8s and 9s, preferably 8s and 9s. And then if you get really good at this, you only talk to 10s. You only get on the phone to work out the details. Or you only go see them in person to pick up the money. And in many cases, that's what FedEx is for. If you don't have people complaining about how hard it is to get to you, you're not doing this right. And from a marketing standpoint, here's why it's very important. There's no long line to talk to the wise man at the bottom of the mountain. They want to get to the wise man on the top of the mountain, which they must claw and climb and bloody themselves in order to do. And their level of appreciation, their level of respect, their level of compliance, the amount of money they are willing to give is in direct proportion to how high the mountain is and how scarred they get climbing it. Your wisdom is largely measured by how easy or difficult it is to get to you.