All right, next one. So after I've recapped three secret show, they can work for them even if they completely fail. Then what I do, I learned this from Armand Moore and I ask a question. And this one, since I learned this, because I used to all get nervous on stage, I'm like, here comes the pitch, here it comes, I get so scared. And Armand said, all you got to do is do this, ask him, hey, can I ask you a question real quick? You just okay if I ask you a quick question? That's the transition, that's it. And then what I use, and now everybody I know now uses an image like this, they all knock me off, so I get it, but what I do is I'm like, how many of you guys got a lot of good info out of this? Like yeah, it was amazing. And I know I talked really fast because I had a lot to share with you, I only had about an hour to share it with you. And so some of you guys probably feel like this, and I would show this picture and everyone laughs. And I'm like, one time I was speaking at an event and this guy ran out afterwards and was like, Russell, that was amazing, I felt like I had a fire hose in my mouth the whole time. And the next day I saw this picture and I was laughing, how many of you guys feel this way? Everyone's like, oh, I feel, yes, I feel overwhelmed, which I mean you guys probably feel that right now for the last few days. How many of you guys feel like that right now? I'm like, I totally get that, and I apologize, but I had to do that to be able to give you all this information, and I knew that you were gonna feel that way, so I asked, if someone's hosting me on the webinar, I asked Tony Robb, I asked someone, so whoever's doing the webinar, I asked them if it'd be okay if I spent about 10 minutes with you really quick and share with you a special offer that'll actually help you to take all this cool stuff and share it and implement it. Are you guys okay if I spend 10 minutes really quick, kind of go through that with you guys? Are you guys? Yeah. Okay, and then I think, I can't remember where I learned it from, but I always ask permission before I transition to close. I don't just always go to the close, because this is a weird, awkward thing, I always ask my, are you guys okay if I spend 10 minutes really quick and show you how I can help you implement this and how to get click phones for free, are you guys okay with that? And everybody's like, yeah, and I wait. Like if I'm on stage too, I stop and I ask them, are you guys okay with that? And I wait. And then everyone's head's starting to nodding, they're like, yes, and more people say, more, it's okay. If you guys don't want it, I can skip it, but if you guys want my help in implementing it, you'll find how to get click phones for free, you'll be okay if I spend 10 minutes? And eventually they end up in the chat box, everybody's like, yes, please, tell me more, are they freaking out? Because they want it, right? But I always ask permission before I go into the cell. And then that's the transition, is I'm basically, you feel overwhelmed, I understand that, I went through a lot of stuff I had, it was the only time I had, so I had to cram the stuff in, you feel overwhelmed, but the good news is I got a way to get that overwhelmed, I'm gonna help implement this with you, you guys okay if I spend 10 minutes going through that real quick? All right, cool, I'm gonna do that then. And also you're not like the jerky dirty sales guy, you're like, please, I need help implementing this. All right, cool, we create this really cool thing, and I say, we create this cool package, that we call Funnel Hacks, and I'm right into the cell. Super easy, right? Cool, most of you guys are knocking on my side, if you're gonna do the host thing, at least get a different picture, you type host in your mouth, there's a ton of, there's videos, it doesn't have to be, I used to always use this now every user, so I only use it on this one presentation, because I've been using it forever, but a lot of times I figure out some other different ways, like how do you guys feel like this, not the picture of like Mike Tyson knocking some guy down, like oh how do you guys feel like that, yeah I feel like that, or whatever it is for you, but they're feeling overwhelmed, like we always do, and they've had all these life changing things happen, also like the world as I know it has shifted, they're gonna feel overwhelmed, and you're coming in like let me help you with that, it's really easy, and I'll help you with it, and they'll want it after that point. Okay I'm gonna keep moving forward because that slide is pretty simple, there's not much to edit, other than the image please, and then put in an image of whatever you're selling, come on there, all right, so then I transition to say, cool, so when you invest in my funnel hack system, let me show you everything you're gonna get, and I use the word gonna, even though it's not proper English I don't think, at least in most of the states, some states I think it is, so this is what you're gonna get, okay, and then I transition to me, so for my real click funnels presentation, I go straight to click funnels, but I switched it based on like the template, so if I was gonna start now I would jump right into the course, which is okay, first thing you're gonna get, you get a six week funnel hacks masterclass, okay, so this is the training, now a couple things that you guys, all as educators, what you're gonna wanna do, because you spent your time and energy and so much of your love and passion going into the creation of this program, you're gonna wanna tell them every single thing that's inside that, because you're so proud of it, and they just knew what you put in their heart and soul, if they just knew what was in there, they're gonna sign up, right, that's what we all think, because we love our babies that we created, we spent days recording videos and writing books, right, that's not true, it's gonna overwhelm us, I show them real quick, this is a six week funnel hacks masterclass, in the masterclass I'm gonna cover, we're Optin Funnels, Cells Funnels, Webinar Funnels, Automated Webinar Funnels, Product Launch Funnels, Membership Funnels, and a whole bunch more, and that's as deep as I go into what's actually in the content, if you go any deeper than that, people are gonna get gloss over and like, whew, that sounds like work, I just wanna lose weight, I don't wanna do work, like they need that, but don't go deep into it, you're just gonna be like your sin, I've had people spend 15 minutes trying to explain, week number one, we're gonna cover this, and inside here I read this really cool video about, they started going with this huge thing, it's a quick, high level look at the deliverables, and I transitioned quickly to the next slide, which is testimonies of people who actually went through this, but I'm literally spending, what's that, 20 seconds on that, okay, so if I come back to here, the first one is just an image of my thing, digital image of the masterclass, whatever it is I'm selling, and then this is a real quick glimpse of what's inside of it, and that's it, do you guys want to time to edit those slides, or there's kind of pictures? You get on those ones? Keep moving forward, cool, okay, so then I transitioned immediately into case studies, now on these ones I did not put videos, cause I don't want to slow down the pace, you notice it's a nice transition from teaching to selling, I pick up the pace, I talk faster, and there's a pacing to it, and I don't want to slow down by showing videos, unless it's the right video, I show one video on my clothes, but it's Drew Canole, and he's got good pacing as well, so I don't want to slow down, so instead of what I'm doing is I'm gonna show testimonial, a picture, and a testimonial, and a couple things I do testimonials, first off, I have them for very specific reasons, it's not just a random testimonial, okay, I'm sharing Liz's for a reason, next slide I share Stan's for a reason, cause he was a beginner, I'm showing different ones because there's a specific reason why I shared that one specifically, okay, so if I was doing Liz's as I say, this is Liz Benny, she had a chance to go through our funnel hack system, and this was what she said, with my, with your new funnel, oh I think Steven changed the text, that's not the way I've read it every single time, it lasts 80 times, so I used to say with, he edited it from images to text, in any way, so I used to say with my new funnel, so with my new funnel, which is the webinar funnel, this month we got 35 new clients, $997 each, now that we have the funnel perfected, we're trying to get 100 new clients this month alone, is that amazing, I'm not that good at math, but 100 people in 997, that's a lot of money, right? Now I'm sure some of you guys are thinking like, I'm not Liz, there's no way I'm gonna make $100,000 next month, but if you would've asked Liz that four months ago before she created this, she wouldn't have believed you either, so you can't discount it, because it's happening to people just like you right now, and then move on, is that amazing, you guys imagine them, be like Liz, try her clothes, so see I did, I didn't just, Sarah's testing when I move on, like I emphasize what I want them to get from that, that it happened to Liz and it can happen to them as well, okay notice how I do the same thing when I move to Stanzix, so on Stanzix thing, this is testimonial speaking to the beginners, okay so Stanzix was the greenest newbie I'd ever met before he came on this training, he didn't even know what a funnel was, I don't think he knew what a website was, but he went through the system, this is what he said, he said, I've never had an actual funnel before, click funnels, I followed Russell's instructions, I said it on my first sell, it's fun to watch my very first app, and on my very first try, sold eight people in my front end, and two people in my 190, some dollars upsell, isn't that awesome? Now I know some of you guys are looking at that thinking, dude he made 400 bucks, Russell, that's not that big of a deal, right? But I wanna stress what he said, he said, on my first try, I'm curious, how many of you guys have been trying this marketing game for more than a month, more than six months, more than a year, more than two years or beyond? What would have been worth to you to be successful like Mike when your first try? Yeah, that's what happens when you use the funnel hack system, you don't have to go through six months of trial and error, you model someone who's successful today, and you can be successful now, boom, then I move on, I spoke to the Greenies, and the thing I wanted to emphasize was the first try, that's what's powerful at testimonial, all the other stuff doesn't matter, most people just read it and move on, spend time on that piece. Then I move over here to Simon's, the reason why I talk about Simon's, is because one of the concerns I get every single time is like, well my funnel's done, how much money should I budget for ads? And I hate that, because I'm like, why are you worrying about that? So that's why I have Simon's testimonial here. So Simon's has said, I follow the funnel hack system, I found a funnel I liked, I modeled it, on my first test we doubled over our ads, then we put $1 in, $2 back out. Now I love sharing Simon's story, because every single time I talk about this funnel, so people always ask me, well how much should I invest? And so with Simon, he put $1 in, he got $2 back out. So I always ask people, I said, well, if you follow the funnel hack system, and you created a funnel the way that we teach you, and you had a funnel where you put $1 advertising in on Monday, and Tuesday you got $2 back out, how much do you think you should spend in advertising? And they say, well, if I put $1 on Monday, and I got $2 back out on Tuesday, I'll spend a million dollars a day, Russell. I'm like, exactly, when we had an ursil, I could tell my guys, spend as much money, because every dollar I put in, I got $2 back out. And that's the power, when you have a funnel the right way that we're teaching you, you no longer have an advertising budget. It's like printing cash, you guys imagine that? Like that's the power I'm talking about. So all these objections that I've had that I know people are asking, I'm finding testimonials that destroy those objections, and I'm plugging those things in. Any questions about that? This is coming down to, as you're getting all these testimonials, we have tons of these things, and I'm always looking, which ones can I use, and where can I plug them in? How do these testimonials differ from the testimonials that you're using to break beliefs on the switch one, two, three, four years? Just different points. When I was pulling questions out of my webinar, there are time banks, this is when these questions are coming, and about this time is where these questions are coming, and like, well, if I do get this, how much money do I have to set aside for funnels? Like, well, I'm a newbie, this isn't gonna work for me, or, yeah, these people sound great, but I can do all those questions, I mean, what I'm seeing, so I'm like, okay, cool. Who's got a story that can help destroy those things? And that's kind of how we get them. Yeah? One thing that I've seen Russell do many times, is I should download all the questions. And then as it's been, that's the webinar, and you now have exactly what those questions are, and then you just go into this inventory of stories, and it says, okay, this is where we'll take a great result, this is where, all you're doing is you're solving concerns, and you're getting into the staff. You already know what it's like, you already know what's coming, and so just the better you can resolve the concern before you can get to the offer. Yeah. So you guys are wondering maybe like, how do I get then these testimonies to say that? So part of me is like, I know Simon's story, I know what's happening for him, so I messed up, I'm like, hey man, I'm doing a slide, and are you cool if I put in your story here? He's like, yeah, cool, and I'm like, cool, I wanted to say something like this, and I write something, and I make, is this true? And he says, yeah, are you cool if I use this as a testimony? And I was like, yeah man, that's completely true. Cause I want to make, I mean it's copywriting, right? But it's his story, it's his system, he approved it, and I plugged it in, but I worded it in the way that serves me. Send me a list, I was like, Liz, I know Liz's story, and the funny thing about Liz's too, if you come back to this, like, cause now like fast forward a year later, like that webinar did over a million dollars that first year, so I say, this testimony I actually got from Liz, I think it was like 14 months ago, and that webinar went on to make a million dollars the first 12 months it was live, and it gets even cooler, but like, I got this literally after she did the first month of the webinar, she made 35K, and I was like, that was the story, and I said, Liz, can I use that in a thing? She said yes, and then I crafted, got her approval, everything's true, boom, then we used it. Sometimes we rely on people giving us good testimonials, and a lot of times they don't. That's why if you look at the way that we do our video testimonials, it's not me, like so many people, it's edit an event room with the microphone on a white wall, like, hey, I went to Alex's event, and it was awesome, you guys should all be here. You can't use that stuff, you gotta throw it away. Like, if you look at your testimonials, we get the person, we put them on a chair, and make it look nice, and I ask them questions to get them to respond back stuff that, it's all true, but if I don't coach somebody through it, they're gonna give you crap that you can't actually use. Right, and some of you, I'm happy it's probably been interviewed by us, if not hopefully either Dan or Brandon will get your stuff throughout this week, we could be using some of the things, but you'll see, like, watch how they do it, it's not just like, here's Mike, what do you think? Like, they're asked very specific questions to get the right answers, and so it's like, that's kind of the things I'm looking at. Does that help a little bit? Yeah. Cool. And I throw in Drew's, this is the only video I haven't closed because Drew does a really good job of it, and his fast pace, and so, again, it took a four or five minute thing that he saw on stage, and I shrunk it down to like a minute and a half, just like the key points, to keep it moving forward, and then I move on. So that's kind of my plugging in the testimony. So I spend three times, four times more on the testimonials about the masterclass than I ever do about the masterclass. I don't want to get in the weeds of it, I just want them to understand the result they can get by having that thing, whatever it is. Cool?