Hey everyone, this is Russell. Welcome to mission number five. Now this is kind of a fun mission and it's going to be taking you through the rest of this week where you're going to be focusing on getting all of the products actually created. Now hopefully if you did yesterday's project you got the e-covers designed. I like doing the e-covers first because for some reason when I see the e-cover I'm like, oh my gosh that looks beautiful. I get more inspired to actually finish the projects and finish the products that are going to be bundled into the offer. So hopefully you got those ordered. Maybe they're back already. Maybe they're coming back in a day or so from now but you should have the tangible visual looking representations of all this stuff you're going to create. So now we just got to go and actually create it. And so again I want to stress back to what we talked about during the pre-training about the who not the how. I don't want to go deep into like how do you produce an e-book Russell because guess what? I don't know how to do that. Okay. All I know is I found someone who knew how to do that and I gave it to them for a couple hundred bucks they created the e-book for me. Okay. I don't know how to edit audio. I really have no idea. I don't know how to edit video or how to do these things. I just recorded it and then I sent it to somebody. Like literally somebody has asked me how to do my podcast. I have a little recorder app. I click record. I talk in the phone and I email it to my who who then edits it and somehow gets it magically on iTunes. Okay. That's the same place I want you guys being as well. You don't need to know how to like edit PDFs and do graphic design and layout and in design and audio editing and how to add bumpers and footers and tracks and I ah if you do that you're going to start procrastinating. None of this will get done. Okay. So you need to go to the role of X-Vac. Okay. I need to go straight and help me bust out this. This I want a 30 page report on whatever I need to go straight. Help me out. Find a go straight. I bust it out. Then I need to find somebody who can actually design this and put it into an e-book. Okay. What do you look for? I don't know. I need to go to e-book design and find somebody to design the e-book for you. Okay. I need somebody to edit audio or whatever those things are like go and find those people to go and actually finish creating all these different little products inside of it. Okay. That's what we are doing over from now to the end of the week because next week we're going to start moving into story. Okay. And then the story part we're going to start publishing, start getting your message out there. Start telling stories. Start practicing different hooks. A whole bunch of stuff is going to be happening next week. Um, but I want all of these products being developed and designed during that process. Okay. Because this is probably going to take more than a week. There are a lot of times for a lot of you guys. So start immediately. Get the process started. Get the things putting in motion. And so as they're getting put in motion, they will start having all these assets in time for the last week when we need them for the funnel. Okay. But now it starts. Now you need to start getting all these pieces done. So leverage the funnel, roll the X, go in there, start getting all these pieces created. And when it's done, guess what you've got? You've got a bunch of amazing things. You have the e-cover and the actual physical, like the actual digital product that's going to be given away on the squeeze page. You have the e-covers and the products are going to be given away on the sales page. Getting the e-covers and things for there. Now you have the core aspects we need. Now we got to go into story, how we tell the stories to sell, the hooks to get them to come in and then we just like slap everything together in the funnel. And that's where we're going. And we're, you guys are doing a great job so far. This is covering a lot of stuff in a short period of time, but it's really not that difficult. Hopefully you guys see that. It's just kind of brainstorming ideas, putting it together, plugging it all in and boom, you've got something you've created at the end of it. So that's the game plan for the rest of this week, getting your products created. Don't get stuck. Keep working on live Q and A calls. Get on things. Make sure that you get unstuck because we need to make sure you keep moving forward on this so you don't fall behind in the training. So make sure you get everything done before this 30 days is over. Thanks again you guys and I will see you on the training starting again next week.