Issue 1 | 1
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 1 of 20 --

2 | Funnel University
By Russell Brunson, the Overnight Success Maker
Welcome to this month's issue of Funnel University. The
funnel I'm going to be breaking apart for you today is one
that I'm really excited about. It's called The Self Made Man.
If you've been following me for any amount of time, especially
recently, you know I've been talking a lot about the fact that
all of us need to be creating content. You can use Periscope,
blogging, podcasts or another channel – but no matter what
you use, you need to be getting your message out more. A
lot of us are doing that. The problem is, sometimes we don't
see any immediate money coming back in. I like this funnel
because it shows you a way to self-liquidate all of your
content marketing in a really fun and exciting way.
I'm going to start by breaking down each key step in this
funnel. I'll show you what I like about it, things I think are
kind of weird - I'm going to share everything with you.
Create more Content
First, make sure you are putting out content. You don't need
Self Liquidating Content
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 2 of 20 --

Issue 1 | 3
to be doing three or four things. Pick a channel that you like
the best and focus on that.
If you're someone who likes to write, you should be blogging.
If you like being on video do Periscope. If you like audio,
you should be doing a podcast. Right now I do a podcast. I
don't blog - I keep trying to, but it's too hard. I also like to use
Periscope. You don't need to do all of them, but figure out
which one you like the best and do something.
It's funny, every time I talk about this, people get excited, and
they go out and they try it, but after about a week they just
give up. They always tell me, "Russell, I did Periscopes for a
week, and nobody showed up. I had three people watching
each time."
Two Reasons to create content
Let's get something straight - you're not going to make any
money right away, and you've got to be okay with that. The
real purpose behind publishing your own content is two-fold:
1. 	You need to learn your voice. Every time you put content
out there, you become more comfortable. It doesn't
matter if nobody's reading your blog posts or watching
your videos yet. Use this time to become better at what
you do.
2. 	As your audience starts growing, you will find out that
people respond to different things. The reason why I
do a daily Periscope is because nobody shows up to
half of them. But the other half, guess what? I get tons
of viewers and interaction. This tells you what people
are interested in, what you should be doing more of
and what you should be doing less of. It gives you the
ability to start learning and really figuring out what your
audience cares about.
Now that you're creating content (because I've hopefully
convinced you to), the next step is figuring out how to
monetize it. Remember, the goal isn't to make a bunch of
Self Made Man Blog
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 3 of 20 --

4 | Funnel University
money right away. You have other funnels to do that. Your first
goal is figuring out how to self-liquidate all your hard work.
Self-Liquidating Content
You're going to be spending money to get people to listen,
read or watch your content. That's just kind of how the process
works. You have to spend some money, but the goal is to self-
liquidate. If you spend a dollar, you make a dollar. That way you
can grow your audience and it doesn't cost you any money.
I'm going to walk you through what I believe is Mike Dillard's
model on the self-made man. These are the pages I got from
his core funnel. First is his blog SelfMadeMan.com (shown
on cover and page 3). If you scroll down you'll see he's
interviewed tons of people. It looks nice, and I really like this
page a lot. He also has separate pages for his iTunes content
(shown below), and Stitcher for Android (shown right). This is
the lead generation part of it.
If you guys have gone through any of the Funnel University
training or any of my training at all, you've probably heard of
the Dream 100. If not, go find it – I talk about it all the time
and it's very important for this process.
You can see Mike is identifying people on his Dream 100 list,
right? These are people he wants to have on his podcast. If
you look closely, there are a couple of really important things
about all the people in his Dream 100. First off, they've got to
be people who are awesome, otherwise it's not that fun to
interview them.
Self Made Man itunes page
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 4 of 20 --

Issue 1 | 5
Facebook post pushing to Interview
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 5 of 20 --

6 | Funnel University
Second, most of these people have something really powerful
that is actually going to be a huge benefit to Mike and to you.
Can you guess what it is? He interviewed Drew Canole, Tucker
Max, Joel Marion, and several other people who all have this
same thing in common - they've got huge audiences.
Outside of interviewing these people because they're
awesome, he wants to be able to market to their audiences.
For example, Drew Canole has something like 2.5 million
fans on Facebook. There was a strategic reason why Mike
interviewed Drew outside of Drew just being cool. The
reason why, is because after he interviews Drew, he's able to
create a really cool page with Drew's picture saying, "Click
here to listen to Drew's podcast...”
He does the same thing for every interview he creates, and
for each one he's got a new front end offer and a new kind of
bait he can throw out into this pond of potential customers.
Drew will also probably send this out to his millions of
Facebook followers. Let's say you're following Drew and you
go to listen to his interview... What happens? You immediately
subscribe to Mike's podcast! Then from there you are taken to
the blog where some amazing things happen...
The first thing you'll see on the blog is a form to enter your
name and email address to join Mike's community for free.
You join for free, boom, you're added to his email list. You're
going to start getting emails for all of the future episodes.
Then it takes you to a page with the headline, "An important
message for men who want to become self-entrepreneurs”
Self Made Man Sales page
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 6 of 20 --

Issue 1 | 7
and a video from Mike (shown below left). When you first
come to this page, all you see is this top bar in the video.
There's nothing else happening down below. It's just Mike
talking to you one-on-one saying, "Hey thanks for subscribing,
this is what to look forward to, this is what's going to be
happening..." Then he starts sharing some of his experiences.
He goes into a very well-crafted sales pitch, but you don't feel
like he's selling you at all. He just tells you a story and talks
about some stuff. By the time he's done, he has convinced you
that you need to join his club. At the end of it, he's basically
pitching a membership site where you can join for $47.
My Feedback
There are a few things I want to point out about this funnel.
For me, when I came to this page, this video was playing and
it was kind of long. I didn't know that there was a point to it.
I thought it was the thank you page video and I almost left.
Then all of a sudden an order form popped up and I was like,
"Oh cool. What is this?"
If I was split testing for Mike, or if I was consulting for him,
the first thing I would say is, "Don't hide that order form
because people want to join." There was a time when hiding
it and all of a sudden it magically appearing was awesome,
but I haven't seen a test in a long time where hiding the
order form wins.
The next thing I want to point out was cool. If you click on
the join now button a pop up appears. It asks for name,
email and credit card, followed with the “buy” button. That's
it! It feels like an optin form with the addition of a credit card
and then you have the product. It's really simple.
The buying process was so easy - I loved it. It is one of my
favorite order forms I think I’ve ever seen in my life. I'm going
to see if we can figure out how to hack that and make it an
order form in ClickFunnels because it was so simple.
As I was going through Mike's funnel I was thinking, "Okay,
what are the upsells and downsells going to be, and what's
the rest of the sales process?" Guess what? He didn't have one!
There are a couple lessons here. First off, I think Mike should
have some upsells. I'll talk to him and let him know. The
second lesson is this. A lot of us don't get our funnels live
because we think we need to have this huge, elaborate thing.
A good funnel has to have up-sells, and down-sells, and
cross-sells, and exit pops and all this stuff that just stresses us
all out, right? Yeah, ideally you want that, and you can add
those things later, but right now you don't need that.
All you need is a simple process like this one. Mike's goal here
is not to make a million dollars. My belief is that his goal is to
be able to break even so that the money he's spending on ads
Pop up order form
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 7 of 20 --

8 | Funnel University
to acquire an audience doesn't actually cost him anything.
That's why it's called a self-liquidating offer. It makes it so
that all his content marketing is free.
Imagine if all of the marketing you did to get people to your
podcast, or your Periscopes, or your blogs didn't actually cost
you any money! For every penny you put in, you get a penny
back almost immediately. That's why I wanted to share this
funnel with you.
I look at the future of where traffic's going and more and
more, networks don't want us advertising squeeze pages
and sales pages. They want us advertising content.
We need to be willing to create content and pay money to
show that content. We also need to have a plan for where
that content is going to take people, and how we're going to
monetize it. I think that Mike's doing an amazing job of this.
The other cool thing about this funnel is that the $47
product wasn't super complex. In the member's area, there's
a video of Mike sitting on a desk and some links to resources
that go along with the content. In the video, he's just talking
to the audience and I think it's only three or four hours long.
That's it. That's what I paid $47 for is just the chance to hear
him talk for a little bit. Again, it wasn't super complex.
Mike's been a friend for over a decade, but I haven't talked to
him about this funnel. I just found this podcast recently, so I
started listening to it, and I really liked it.
I might be wrong, but my guess is that his goal right now
is to use his content strategy to build up an audience
and subscribers for free. That's what this looks like on the
outside for me.
As this audience starts growing, he's going to have 100,000,
500,000, a million people or more following him. Now it
makes sense for him to launch a new product or a webinar or
whatever that next piece of the puzzle is for him.
I'm a big fan and believer in us, as experts and teachers
spending a lot of time giving value and building up a
following first. It makes it so much easier to sell things later
down the road.
Mike is using a really cool strategy to do that. Get some
money up front just so it doesn't cost you anything. Then
you're building so much value, that when you are ready to
launch your next product your audience is there, and they're
ready to give you money.
I hope you enjoy the simplicity behind this month's funnel.
It's a great example of how to take all of your content
marketing plans and very quickly get to break even so you
can start building an audience for free. As soon as you can do
that, the sky is the limit!
Self Made Man thank you page
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 8 of 20 --

Issue 1 | 9
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 9 of 20 --

10 | Funnel University
By Russell Brunson, the Overnight Success Maker
The next funnel I want to break down for you today is one
that gets me really excited. It might be kind of weird for you,
but if you understand the context, I think you're going to get
really excited too. I was looking at the places where we've
bought most of our ads over the last two or three years and
what's interesting is that most of them are conservative,
republican news sites. It is what it is. It's kind of funny - but
this is true for our email ads, banner ads, across the board.
Because we have the election coming up, political stuff is
going to be crazy over the next few months - especially with
Trump and Hillary. It's going to be nuts. I feel like there's a
window now of about 12 months or so when people are
going to have a chance to capitalize on this. People like me,
and hopefully you, and so I want to share this with you now.
We did an event a little while ago called The Funnel Catcher,
and it was all about how we can convert cold traffic. You may
have seen the recordings as an upsell for Funnel University.
If you bought that upsell, you can see what we talked
about. If not, you should figure out how to buy it because it
covers two days on getting your cold traffic to start buying
whatever it is you're selling.
This funnel ties right into those concepts. We buy ads from
political sites, but someone who fills out a quiz saying that
they want to impeach Obama isn't necessarily going to sign
up for a trial to ClickFunnels. They are coming to our sites as
cold traffic. So we have create a bridge to convert that traffic
into buyers. I'm going to show you how this company has
done just that.
2 Million+ free leads
When I started researching this I saw these political quiz
funnels. I started asking around and finally met some guys
who were doing one of these funnels (it's not one I'm going
to show you, but one that's similar). These guys were able to
guide over two million opt ins last year, pretty much for free!
Survey page: Should obama be impeached?
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 10 of 20 --

Issue 1 | 11
Here's how it works:
You've probably seen ads on Facebook or a news site asking,
“Should Obama be impeached?” If you click on the ad, it
takes you to a survey like the one shown on the left.
Now, the key with all of these surveys I've seen that are
successful is that they're very controversial. Either you're
on one side or the other. There's very little middle ground,
which is why these do really well.
For example, right now you're probably in one of two camps
- you either love Obama or you hate him. There's no middle
ground with Obama and so it causes an emotional response.
So you go through the quick survey, “Should we impeach
the president?” put in your name, email address, zip code,
country and submit the vote. The next step takes you to a
page that says, "Thanks so much for voting. Your vote may
still be registered, but you need to confirm your email by
checking now."
Survey thank you page
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 11 of 20 --

12 | Funnel University
Email Sent after submitting survey
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 12 of 20 --

Issue 1 | 13
What's cool is that this forces you to go into a double opt
in to make sure that your vote counts - because my guess
is, if you've gone through the process to fill everything out,
you're very passionate about this survey. So you're likelihood
of double opting in is pretty high. That's one of the cool
things about this funnel.
I also want you to notice the sponsor ad, “IRS Loophole
Allows You To Store Your Gold IRA At Home” running
throughout the different pages of this funnel. This is how
NewsMax is liquidating their leads.
On the left you can see the email they send. It basically
thanks you for voting and asks you to click to confirm your
vote and find out what the stats are.
If you click on the link in the email, it takes you to a page that
shows all of the results. You can see in the screenshot that
most people say Obama should be impeached - obviously,
this is running from a republican site, so take it for what it's
Survey Results
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 13 of 20 --

14 | Funnel University
worth. But there you are – those are the stats.
Monetizing the lead
Now, if you're not paying close attention, you're probably
thinking, "Why did they just pay money to get somebody to
fill in the survey, click on an email, and come to a page with
the results?" They haven't made any money yet, right?
A couple things, first off, if you go to NewsMax.com and you
scroll to the bottom, click on the advertise link, you'll notice
they have tons of different newsletters you can buy ads in.
That is how they build their email newsletters.
We're spending anywhere from $10,000 to $20,000 a week
buying ads in their email newsletters and we're one of
probably 100 people doing it. They make tens of millions
of dollars selling ads to these lists - so there's a hint on one
way to monetize this, because sometimes it's going to be
hard for you to figure out how to sell your product to this
audience.
What I typically do, and one way we're looking at it is, if
someone comes into this funnel, the first thing I'm going to
try and do is sell my product to them. After that, I'm going to
monetize it by selling ads to other people's lists. There are a
whole bunch of ways to monetize the list.
The Bridge Process
If you go back to the sponsor ad, “IRS Loophole allows you to
store your Gold IRA at home,” it takes you to the page shown
on the right.
This is a bridge page. The one thing they know about you
so far is that you probably don't like Obama, and now they
need to take you across a bridge to give them money. So
what's that process?
This page their ad takes you to is just a mini five paragraph
article. Then there's a link that says, “If you want to control
your own retirement, click here.” Again, this is a bridge page.
This is the secret. How do I get someone who just told me
they hate Obama to sign up for ClickFunnels? It's not going
to happen. There's nothing bridging those two topics, right?
I have to bridge a gap in between there.
This is how they're doing it with what they're going to be
selling. I'll show you the rest of their funnel here in a minute,
but for me, if I was doing something like this, I would say
something like, "Thanks so much for voting, how would you
like to have your very own free money making website?"
People would be like, "Sweet, I love free money ..."
That would be my bridge page. When they click on that link,
I'd explain the benefits of the free website, and then if they
click on the next link, they move closer to buying and now
we've bridged that gap between where they came from and
where I need to take them.
My Feedback
So that is a multi-million dollar funnel based off of politics. It
gets me really, really excited! There are a couple of things I
would change (and will change when I do mine):
1.	
I will have a quiz almost identical to this. After they opt
in I will take a shortcut by going straight to a bridge
page, because this is when you have their attention the
most. They just said they want to impeach Obama. Right
here it'd say, "Thanks for voting, we have your survey
results. While you are waiting for these to show up in
your email inbox, I have a question for you," and then
this is where I would start transitioning, trying to warm
them up to buying what I want them to buy.
2.	
I already have their email address, so I don't think I
would take them to a squeeze page. What I would do is
go directly to a video sales letter page selling them on
the product or service.
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 14 of 20 --

Issue 1 | 15
The Bridge Page - from political survey to gold IRa
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 15 of 20 --

16 | Funnel University
The reason why I think their process is so long is because
there are two different advertisers. There's News Max, who's
paying money to build a list, and then there's this Fortress
Gold group who's buying this spot inside News Max. In fact,
you can buy the sponsorship spot inside of News Max and
push them to your own bridge if you wanted to.
But that's why they have two optin forms - News Max got
the name on their email list first, so Fortress Gold does not
have that name on their email list yet. They have to re-opt in
to get on their list.
Fortress gold optin page
Who does this funnel work for?
Fortress Gold isn’t even selling anything off their website.
They're just generating leads. I got two calls from them
within the first hour trying to sell me the Gold IRA.
So if you're trying to generate leads for whatever it is you
sell, this is a great way to generate leads at very little cost, or
even for free. If you're selling physical products, instead of
just getting a phone number, you can move them to a video
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 16 of 20 --

Issue 1 | 17
Fortress Gold Thank you page
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 17 of 20 --

18 | Funnel University
sales page. There are a lot of different ways you can use this.
You can see the process mapped out in the “Political Bridge.”
It starts with an ad. I called it Impeach Obama, but it could
be a lot of things, like, “Does Trump Have Funny Hair,” or
whatever political topic is currently hot. From there, you take
them to a survey where they put in their email address. Next
is a bridge page. The goal of this bridge page is to move the
customer from the topic they started with to whatever it
is you're going to be selling. Then there is a second bridge
page that moves them over to our actual sales page. That's
the basic concept.
Now, one of the things I want to make sure you understand
because this is where people always get stuck – is that
this is not warm traffic. This is cold traffic. We don't know if
these people are interested in our topic, or our industry, or
anything. All we know is that they're interested in a topic
that's currently hot.
Imagine you go down to the food court at the mall, there
are 500 people sitting there eating lunch, and you stand up
and ask, "How many of you here want to learn how to build
a funnel?" What are most of them going to say? No one's
going to say anything. It's going to be quiet.
That's the audience I'm pitching to with the political bridge
funnel. I need to think about what I'd say to get someone at
the food court to actually raise their hand and be like, "Yes,
I want it." They don't care about funnels. That's something
your warm market wants, but not cold traffic. What cold
traffic wants is something like, "Who here wants a free
money making website?" You need to think like that. When
you walk into the food court and you're yelling, what would
make those people raise their hands? That's what is going to
get the cold traffic excited. And that is what you have to sell.
I wasn't sure if I should share this because it is our secret,
but I'm going to tell you anyway. If you look at what our
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 18 of 20 --

Issue 1 | 19
bridge page is for our political funnels right now, we have a
program called List Hacking. List Hacking is a program where
we teach people how to make money by building a list. If I
went to the food court and asked, "How many of you guys
want to learn how to build a list?" nobody would care.
But something cool happens when they go through a survey,
and then a bridge page. I have a video of me basically saying
how many of you guys would like a free money making
website? When they say yes, I explain that we have these cool
websites we call funnels and the way you make money in a
funnel is by building an email list. I tell them right now we
average $1 for each name on our email list, and so if you had
100 people on your list, you make $100 a month. If you have
1,000 people on your list, you make $1,000 a month, If you
have 10,000 people, you make $10,000 a month and so on...
Some people will then realize, "Wow, I wish I had an email
list." Then I say, "Okay, cool. If you're interested in building
your own email list, click here to go to a video that's going to
show you our secrets for building an email list."
They click there, and it takes them to the List Hacking video.
Now they're interested in the whole concept of building a
list because this bridge page took them from the topic they
started at to where I needed them to be. That, my friends is
the secret of cold traffic.
I know this is kind of deep. Those of you who are more
advanced are probably freaking out thinking it's amazing.
If you're more of a beginners and are thinking, "Russel, I
have no idea what you're talking about at all." That's cool.
Don't worry. This is definitely a much more advanced funnel.
Wait until you are prepared and ready for it, but when
you do reach that point, this is a process you can use to
dramatically scale up any of your businesses.
This newsletter is for research purposes only. All of the
webpages and advertising is copyrighted by the original owners.
You may borrow the ‘ideas’ in these ads and pages, but you may
NOT use any of the actual advertising copy or designs.
You do not have resell rights or giveaway rights to any portion
of this Publication. Only customers that have purchased this
publication are authorized to view it. This publication contains
material protected under International and Federal Copyright
Laws and Treaties. No part of this publication may be transmitted
or reproduced in any way without the prior written permission of
the author. Violations of this copyright will be enforced to the full
extent of the law.
The information services and resources provided in this book
are based upon the current internet marketing environment. The
techniques presented have been extraordinarily lucrative and
rewarding. Because the internet is constantly changing, the sites
and services presented in this book may change, cease or expand
with time. We hope that the skills and knowledge acquired from
this course will provide you with the ability to adapt to inevitable
internet evolution. However, we cannot be held responsible for
changes that may affect the applicability of these techniques.
Any earnings, income statements or other results, are based
on our own testing and are only estimates of what we think you
could earn. There is no assurance you will do as well as stated in any
examples. If you rely upon any figures provided, you must accept
the entire risk of not doing as well as the information provided.
Screenshots in this book are from publicly accessible field
archives. All product names, logos and artwork are copyrights of
their respective owners. None of the owners have sponsored or
endorsed this publication. While all attempts have been made to
verify information provided, the author assumes no responsibility
for errors, omissions, or contrary interpretation on the subject
matter herein. Any perceived slights of peoples or organizations are
unintentional. The purchaser or reader of this publication assumes
responsibility for the use of these materials and information. No
guarantees of income are made. The author reserves the right to
make changes and assumes no responsibility or liability whatsoever
on behalf of any purchaser or reader of these materials.
Legal Disclaimer And Terms Of Use
Copyright 2016 © SuccessEtc.com, LLC
All Rights Reserved
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 19 of 20 --

20 | Funnel University
www.getwsodownload.com	www.getwsodownload.com

-- 20 of 20 --

