Hey everyone, this is Russell again.
Welcome to day number eight.
That's day, we're gonna talk about starting your very own soap opera, which I'm sure most of you guys are super excited about.
But what I mean by that is not so much writing on soap opera, but we're gonna be introducing a soap opera with your audience and the attractive character, okay?
And the first time I learned this concept, I learned it from a guy named Andre Chaperone.
He's got a really good product called Autoresponse Madness, which I recommend.
He goes into a lot more detail, and shows tons of examples of this in action that you can model.
But the overall philosophy is not too difficult to understand, and I wanna show you guys how to implement this because if you do it the right way, it'll make this attractive character stuff we talked about yesterday actually makes sense.
So when somebody comes in and they fill out your squeeze page, then they start getting your emails, it'll instantly bond that person with the attractive character, okay?
So what happens is, because typically what can happen is the first email that they get, they're gonna read.
And if you leave something memorable with them, something that's exciting, something that kind of hooks them, then guess what?
They're gonna suddenly open email number two because they wanna find out what's happening next, and what's happening next.
Whereas if your first email's boring, you completely lost that person, they're never coming back, okay?
And so these first few emails, our goal with that is to introduce the attractive character and to hook them into your story as quick as possible, okay?
So I'm gonna kinda walk you through this.
Basically, you can do this soap opera sequence over a lot longer period of time.
You can do over five emails or 10 emails, or I've seen people do it over like 30 or 40 emails.
But the reality is I think that you can do a very good job in just three emails.
So I'm gonna show you guys kinda how to do that.
And then after we've written these soap opera sequences, then you're gonna be able to go back and plug them back into your auto responder that we set up on day number six, okay?
So that's kinda game plan right now.
So basically I'm gonna show you, first off, there's my awesome comic I found about soap operas.
It makes you laugh just a little bit.
All right, now what I'm gonna do is basically, in this process, again, my goal is somebody's gonna come, they're gonna fill out my squeeze page, right?
Put their name and email address in, they click submit, and now they're usually taking something right here that I'm gonna be selling them, right?
Some kind of sales video or sales letter or webinar, something that I'm gonna try to make some money from.
But simultaneously at the same time, they're being added to this email auto responder sequence.
Instead of getting an email right here, it's gonna tell them something.
An email right here, it's gonna tell them something.
And then email right here, it's gonna tell them something.
Now the goal of these three emails, again, is to introduce them to the attractive character and to get them interested and engaged in your story, but also is to push people back here to this primary offer.
Okay, so that's kinda one of the sub goals.
So what I'm gonna do is somebody stopped in, they saw this thing that I got introduced to, and now I'm gonna get this email sent to them.
Now my very first email, the goal of this very first email is to, I'm gonna write these right here, HD Hydrama, okay?
Your first email, it needs to start your story at the peak of Hydrama.
I learned this originally from one of my friends and business partners and mentors, his name's Dagen Smith, and he really spent like a whole, almost like two year studying storytelling.
And he introduced me to some amazing storytellers, some amazing books, and one of the big takeaways I got from him after kinda learning all this stuff was you always wanna start a story at the point of Hydrama.
He says, if you start a story boring, guess what?
People aren't gonna listen very long, right?
So you gotta find the peak of Hydrama and that's where you start the story, okay?
So I was thinking about different movies, and one of the movies that pops out to me, can I remember watching this when I was younger, this movie called Cliffhanger, Sylvester Stallone, if you remember this movie, if you saw it, it starts, the movie starts where they're basically these guys that have over a big huge canyon, they have a big huge zip line across the top, and they go out there and they're going across the zip line trying to get to the side of the canyon, and they're all on this thing, and all of a sudden one of the girls, her harness sort of breaks, and it starts falling, and they try to capture, and they grab her hand, and they're fighting to hold her on, and this whole intense scene's going on for about a minute or two, and all of a sudden she slips out of their hands, and she falls to her death.
And I remember watching that when I was younger, and my hands were sweating, I was freaked out, and that scene kind of ends, and then boom, it starts the next scene, and you're just like, what in the world just happened, and you're so sucked into it now because they started at a point of high drama.
You know those movies you watch, it takes a while to get into, and if you're watching at home, you just sort of turned it off, but you're sitting in the movie theater, and eventually it gets good.
I'm not talking about that kind of thing, I'm talking about the thing when you walk in the theater, the first thing happens, when you're done, you're like, wow, what in the world just happened?
So the first email, you gotta figure out your story, remember we talked about your backstory?
What point of this backstory is the point of high drama?
The part that's most exciting, the most interesting, it's gonna grab people and just suck them in very, very quickly.
I found this email from one of my friends, his name's Greg Davis, and this was his soap opera sequence, and I just want you to, I'm gonna read to you guys day number one of his email, and tell me if this doesn't, just doesn't evoke some emotion, okay, the point of high drama.
So email subject line was betrayal, the day I hurt my wife.
Okay, just isn't that just first off, like that subject line, or you're like, wow, what just happened?
And here's the email.
My wife was looking at me with tears streaming down her face.
I had never seen her this angry.
How could you do this to me?
She screamed as she waved the evidence in my face.
There was a huge lump in my throat.
There's nothing I could say.
We had gone through our shares ups and downs in our marriage, but I had never seen her so hurt and so angry.
The evidence was a Citibank credit card statement.
I knew that if she saw it, it was game over.
So I had to be, I had been racing to the mailbox every day to get to the bill before she did, but on the way, but on this day, she beat me to the mailbox.
And of all days, this was the day when the bill came.
Dang, when I walked through the door and saw the open Citibank's envelope on my table, my heart sank.
She had seen it.
She knew the secret had been desperately trying to keep for almost two months.
I trusted you, she said softly as she walked into the room.
And you betrayed me.
You betrayed my trust.
How could you do this to me?
Her voice started getting louder.
She was shaking.
How could you do this to me?
I dreaded her finding out.
I knew that she would be very upset, but I never thought it would hit her this hard.
No, I didn't cheat on her, at least not in the adulterous sense.
In my desperation to make money online, I had intercepted a new credit card sent to my wife.
The card had a $25,000 limit and less than two months, I maxed it out buying traffic.
And I already maxed out all my other cards, trying to make AdWords work.
And I knew that if I asked her, she would have said no.
And I worked for a huge financial services company.
Don't you know they check your credit?
She was yelling now.
I have to maintain good credit to maintain my job.
We don't have the money to pay this.
I had the best intentions.
I knew that if I struck, stuck them in a market, I'd make my family financially free.
Anyway, I'm not gonna keep reading, but you see how that like, this is the point of emotional drama, walking in and seeing your wife tears down her face.
When you tell a story, you don't start with, hey, so I found this credit card statement for my wife, I hid it, and I started going and buying AdWords.
And after two or three months, I maxed out the credit cards.
And then one day I came home and boom, my wife was there with tears.
That's the place of hydrangea.
So you start with that.
So you start that part of your story, and then you kind of go back through and you tell the rest of the story.
And again, I'm not gonna be the whole thing, if you pause the video, I'm sure you can go read it if you want.
But notice one thing down here.
Notice right when the story starts ending, he says, basically, hopefully I can get some help out there much quicker.
And then he stops and says, stay tuned tomorrow for chapter two, Mr.
Negative $500 per day.
Boom, what did he just do right here?
This is what soap operas do.
If you guys watch soap operas, or you watch reality shows, or you watch TV shows before the news, what is this thing right here?
This is a hook, right?
They say, wait, tonight at News at 10, learn about the three-headed dog that can backflip off diving boards, right?
And you're like, what, a three-headed dog?
I need to watch the news now.
Or right before the soap opera, right before commercials, they cut to some big thing.
Or the reality show, you know?
Our favorite show, unfortunately, is The Bachelorette.
And every single time before commercial, Chris Harrison comes up and says, up next, and shows something like the most exciting part of the next segment, and then it cuts to commercial, and you're like, oh, I have to watch through the commercial because I need to find out this next thing, right?
That's what we're doing here in this email.
We're setting a soap opera sequence.
We're dragging them to day number two, okay?
So day number one is I'm starting my story, and again, I'm telling it from the point of high drama.
I get them excited, I'm getting hooked, and I stop and say, hey, so tomorrow I'll tell you the rest of the story.
And they're like, what's the next day?
What's the next thing?
And you don't let them know.
You wait till tomorrow, okay?
So that's day number one, you guys, the point of high drama.
Does that make sense?
Okay, now day number two, this is where we come back to your BS, not really your BS.
This is your backstory.
Okay, so again, you told them the point of high drama, you got them hooked, now you come back.
Okay, now let me tell you a high story, the backstory.
How I got to the point of high drama.
Okay, now I start coming back and say, okay, I got to this point because I did this, I did this, and I kind of start filling in the gaps of how I got to that point, okay?
If you guys have seen the episode of Seinfeld, where basically the very opening scene was the end of the show, it was really kind of brilliantly done.
And the second scene was the second to last show.
And so you start seeing the scene, and by the end of the movie, all of a sudden, it all makes sense, and the show, because you've seen the very opening scene, and it was kind of a really cool thing, but this is kind of the same thing, like they've seen now the point of high drama.
They saw, you know, with Greg, they saw his wife crying, all this kind of stuff.
And now it's like, how did I get there?
Let me tell you the backstory about how I got here.
Okay, if you remember what we talked about with the attractive character, this is really where you're basically meeting them where they're at.
You're saying, look, I was just like you, same situation you were in, and this is the path I took, and I went along this path right here, and all these things were happening, and boom, here's where I hit the point of high drama.
You guys saw this, you share this stuff with them, and you're going through, and so you're telling your backstory, and your goal of your backstory is to walk yourselves, walk you into a wall.
Okay, again, this process, I'm gonna give Dagen 100% credit, I learned this stuff all from Dagen, but your backstory should lead to some kind of wall.
Okay, so your wall is like, what's the wall?
Like, I run out of money, or I couldn't lose weight, I tried everything, or I couldn't, whatever, there's some wall you hit right here, okay?
So in email number two, you're telling your backstory, and boom, you hit this wall.
Okay, now after you hit this wall, somehow you've gotta break free and get to email number three, which is your epiphany.
Okay, I'll just put E for epiphany.
So email number two, again, it's your backstory that leads them to the wall, and the wall, you start talking about, like, I hit this wall, I couldn't, I couldn't, you know, I couldn't get past this wall, I was blocked, I couldn't figure the next step, and that's what it hit me, that's when I realized this, or that's the day I got the email that changed my life, or that's the day that something happened, right?
Something you elude, so you tell your backstory, you hit this wall, then you elude to this epiphany, but you don't tell them what it is, and that's where, that's where you set your next hook.
Tomorrow I'm gonna tell you what was in that email.
Tomorrow I'm gonna tell you what it was my friend told me that helped me understand how this whole thing worked.
Tomorrow I'm gonna tell you what my wife said that changed everything, whatever it is.
Okay, your epiphany, and that's how you set email number two, okay?
Do you see how now this process, someone opens email number one, and they get sucked into this drama, then they hear the backstory, now they're best friends with the attractive character, and they, the attractive character has met them where they're at, has taken through this path all the way up to, boom, they've hit this wall, and they've eluded to the fact that they had this epiphany that changed everything for them, and then they wait till day number three, now let me share through the epiphany.
The epiphany is this, boom, the email number three is the epiphany, and usually the epiphany, just so you guys know, 99% of the time your epiphany is leading back to whatever this is back here.
The epiphany it has that I needed to build a list, and that's what I learned inside dot com, Secret Sex.
My epiphany was I needed my own high-end ticket product that I could sell, and that's how I found the Empower Network.
My big epiphany was I needed to figure out how I could work, I could replace myself, and that's what I found, outsource, replaceyourself.com, or whatever it is.
So your big epiphany is somehow tying back to whatever your ultimate solution is, which is the product you're selling right here.
Okay, and that's kind of how we set the soap opera worksheet, guys.
Email one pulls the email in two, email number two pulls the email number three, email number three is leading people back to the ultimate solution, okay?
And that's how we structure our soap opera sequence.
This right here, you guys, is called the soap, soap opera.
And now again, you guys, some people, and sometimes you can take this, instead of three emails, you can do over 10 emails, you can stretch these stories out and really break them out, but I think for most of you guys, I really focus on three right now, just because that's how many you need to really capture them, okay?
And get them to reintroduce back to this thing right here.
Now we see these emails out day after day one, this one's out day one, this is day two, this one's day three, you don't gap them and wait, you need to get people interested while they're still there, okay?
Usually my subject lines of these is like, whatever the story is, so whatever chapter one of three, then chapter two of three, chapter three of three, so they know that it's part of a series, part one, two, and three, so they start looking anxiously for the next email, because if they just read two, they wanna find one, and they wanna find three, if they just read three, they need one and two.
So we're keeping this until like a closed circuit.
So email the subject line again, day one of three, day two of three, day three of three, whatever it might be.
And that's kinda how it works, okay?
Now this is the first part of the email process, you guys, the next part of the email process, I'm gonna be showing you guys on day number 12, but this is a soap opera sequence part of the process, okay?
Now I'm gonna show you guys how I write this, because I think this is really one of the biggest of all the I have is, as I try to, I'd write the first email, and then I'm like, how do I hook this to the next email?
How do I make this whole thing make sense?
So what I started doing was I started going like this, and I opened up Notepad, that's how I write my emails.
I start over here, and I start day number one.
Okay, that's how I start my first one, then I'll have day two, day three, okay?
And I have them all open at the same time, because again, if I'm gonna be hooking people and bringing them from this to this, like that, I wanna be able to kind of, to be able to know what things I need to pull them over here.
So I'm gonna start my story.
So again, my story is starting to point of hydrama.
So it starts with subject line.
Subject line could be, you know, whatever, let's see what's my subject line.
It's gonna be, I don't know, let's just like, cool stuff, day one of three, okay?
And then my body, hydrama.
So I start telling story, story, story.
And you guys, when you're writing your emails, make sure that you're like, never more than like one sentence at a time, always having a lot of space.
You need a lot of space in email.
If there's any big paragraphs, people get overwhelmed.
Everything should be very short and very fast.
Like if you look back at Greg's notes, like each one's one sentence, like nothing more than that, just very short.
You don't want them to be longer than that, okay?
You tell a story, tell a story, story, story, whatever it is.
And then down here, you have your hook to day two of three.
Something like to lose that, thanks from Russell Brunson.
If you want, you can have something like p.s.
Don't forget to check out blah, okay?
So like if you, let's say for example, you wanted to promote this in each email, you don't have to, I like to wait until email number three to kind of reintroduce it, but you can't.
I've seen people successfully do it where in each email they kind of push people back to here.
Just kind of up to you.
So if you do do that though, the reason I'm showing you that is because if you do do that, then you come back in a click tracker.
And that click tracker link you set up, remember that one that was, we set up on day number four.
You take that click tracker link to your product and boom, you put it in right here. yarr.com slash whatever it is, cool product.
And that way you can track what links, what clicks came from this email, okay?
Then that email number two over here, so I do subject line, cool stuff, day two of three, okay?
And then boom, same thing.
Now this is back story, story hit wall, elude, I suppose elude, elude, I think I saw elude wrong, I have no idea.
Then I hook them, hook to day three, thanks Russell, boom.
And then day number four is I show epiphany, his big epiphany I had, tell the story, show results, anything you want to show is kind of about the epiphany, how cool it was.
Can't spell right.
And then push to call the action URL.
So then boom, this is like your click tracker link again.
We're pushing people back to buy your primary product, okay?
So boom, I create email number one, email number two, email number three.
And then you go after you've written it out like this, you guys, and you perfect them, you make sure it's all good, and you say okay email number one's cool here, hook to day number two, and I answer that question over here, the hook day three, and I get my whole thing written out.
Then I go back to my order responder, peer leverage or Aweber, or whatever order responder you choose, you go back in there, you just copy this, paste it, copy it, paste it, copy it, paste it, and after you've done that you can just go to those emails, copy and paste it in, and saved, because remember if you remember back in day, number six you guys, we set the order responder, we left open three days for your three soap opera sequences.
Then you say go back and copy this in, copy the subject line in, copy the body, subject line body, subject line body, boom, you saved that, and now your email is set to go out.
Soon as some subscribe, they get this email day one, this email day two, and this email day three.
Okay, does that make sense you guys?
So that is how you set up your soap opera, okay?
And I hope you guys enjoy this, this is a fun process.
Writing your own soap opera can be a lot of fun, and that's kind of game plan for you guys right now.
So that's the next step in the plan you guys, take your attractive character, take your story, everything you've been developing, and boom, email number one is your point of high drama, email number two is your backstory, email number three is your epiphany.
Sounds good?
Thanks you guys, and I will talk to you all again tomorrow, and tomorrow we're gonna be talking about testing your funnel to make sure this whole thing is actually working, so it'll be exciting.
Thank you.