There came a point when I just knew that I needed to go from good to great and in order to get me there I needed some help. And so the person I turned to was Russell Brunson. Russell Brunson is the man. He is the greatest coach for helping people, taking online business, whether it's your home or whether you have a brick and mortar business and really making it happen. How can a stay-at-home mom as three kids make $13,000 a month on the internet? It finally was possible for me. Guess what? We made a lot of money. How much was that? 260 grand. Yeah, in two months. Thanks to Russell Brunson, I make about $50,000 a month consistently. The reality is there's a system out there that works. Cookie cutter, super simple. Russell Brunson's got it all done for you from A to Z. All you have to do is plug and play step by step and you can turn a hobby into a multi-million dollar business. Because of what Russell's taught me, I'm now doing $10,000 a month and I've done $15,000 in one day. The day I got the check for $15,000. My dad hugged me and cried. He was so proud. And how much did you guys do the first week after you launched it? The first week we launched it, we made over $3,000. We made almost $90,000 in eight months. This year in the past four months, we've already made over $50,000. This is it. The time is now. I mean, coming from a year ago as a single mom with three kids and being able to now know for sure that I was going to be able to provide for them and never have to put them in daycare. It's one of the most rewarding things that could have ever happened to me. I have to do stuff out of my home. I want to be a stay-at-home mom and it's something that is really important to me. And so for Russell to give me this kind of success out of my home where I can stay with my kids and I can do a home business, it's like a dream come true. I'm really excited today to share with you and interview and spend some time with a really special young man who has been extraordinarily successful in helping people to figure out new ways in this new economy to really do well. I mean, most people right now are scared, they're concerned, they're frustrated with what's happened to their economic well-being and they're looking for opportunities. And a lot of businesses are out there saying the old tools really aren't working. So I thought wouldn't it be great to be able to bring somebody that makes it so darn simple that you know there's no hype in it, you know it's real. And the man I'm about to introduce you to, you know, there's so many people in internet marketing and there's so much hype and so much BS. It was just, he was a breath of fresh air for me. I just felt like it's so rare to find somebody that's truly authentic that isn't playing genuine but is genuine and Russell Brunson is that man. You know, I guess if I could say anything, just listen to every single word that he says. I mean, take notes and get ready for your life and change because that's exactly what's about to happen. Please stand up and give a big hand to Russell Brunson, ladies and gentlemen. Alright, so give him a hand for God's sake. Alright well thank you guys so much for being here. I am so excited for this event. Who here knew that the actual hotel was inside the airport? So last night I got here, I landed and my flight was delayed so I got here really late and I get off the airport, I get off the airplane, get my bags, I walk over to the taxi, I sit down and I was like, I'm going to the Hyatt Regency airport in and Lay looks back and he said, third floor. I was like, what are you talking about? She said, third floor. I don't get, I don't understand the reference. What are you talking about? Third floor, she said, the hotel's actually on the third floor. I'm like, oh right here. So anyway, came back in and went upstairs. So I was pretty excited. It was here this morning. I jumped out of bed, went down, I saw where my airplane's going to be in the morning. Pretty exciting. So anyway, I'm excited to be here. Glad to have you guys here as well. This is something that I am really excited for, this entire event. We've been talking about this for probably six months or so, putting something together like this. And the reason why, for anyone who's been around my company or seen what we do, we spend a lot of time teaching people how to start businesses online. A lot of times we spend with beginners, helping them get started. And I love that part of business. I love that part of teaching. But it's been difficult for me because there's a lot of other stuff I've always wanted to teach and wanted to share with people that we just can't because most people are at the beginner stage. And so we spend so much time with the beginner stage. And this is like one of the first events we've had a chance to really sit down and talk about some of the more advanced, more exciting stuff. That's why we called the whole event the seven figure shortcut because it's about how to get to seven figures very, very quickly. So we got a lot of really cool presentations over the next three days. My opening presentation right now, I just kind of want to walk you guys through my story about how I got started. But then more importantly, the shift I made in my business. I went from making a pretty good six figure business to almost overnight going to seven figures. And there really is like a shortcut. There's this little gap. And if you can learn that gap, it can get you there really, really quickly. And so that's kind of my goal for this whole weekend is to show you guys how to fill that gap, how to get that shortcut really, really quickly. And we've got some really amazing presenters as well that are going to be sharing you guys some cool stuff. Okay. First off, also I want to make sure you guys, I want to thank Dustin and Dianna. And Dave and their entire team. They put this entire event together. I basically said I want to do an event and they did all the other work. They're going to be speaking to you guys over the next two days as well. So just make sure that when you talk to those guys, let them know that you really appreciate it. They put a lot of work into this behind the scenes, making sure that it all could happen and all be put together. Okay. So like I said, what the whole plan is to go through the seven figure shortcut. So when I got started in this business, I still remember my entire goal was to make a thousand dollars a month. That was my big, hairy audacious goal when I first got started in this business. I said, at the time I was wrestling at Boise State University. My wife was supporting us and she was only making about a thousand dollars a month, which barely covered, I think our rent was 450 bucks a month at the time that we had enough to cover our food. So I was like, if I can make a thousand dollars a month, she'll be able to quit and kind of retire. That was my whole first goal. And I was like, if I get a thousand bucks a month and then that's it, then I've pretty much figured out this whole game. So that was my first goal getting out here. And I didn't even realize any of the possibilities, what's possible in this business or in this industry until quite a few years later and I started realizing the power of it. In fact, I still remember the very first event I actually went to. It was an event that Mike Filseim and Sean Casey put on and they asked me to speak at it. It was my first time ever speaking. I was scared to death. And so I invited my dad to come with me because I wanted my dad to see this whole world of things that I was learning about and that we were doing. And I remember he sat in the audience listening to all the presentations and he said, at the end of it, he said, Russell, I've been in business for the last 30 years of my life and done all sorts of different things. He's like, but I've never been in a business or in an event like that where everyone throws around numbers like becoming a millionaire, seven figures. It's just not even that big of a deal. And we said that really kind of struck me because in this business, everyone just assumes that you can get to seven figures. That's kind of like just the mindset that you're going to become a millionaire because it's really possible. And I remember the first time that it was really like a real thing for me was when John Reese had his million dollar day. Who heard about that or remembers that experience? I still remember he'd been doing this whole product launch stuff. I remember I was kind of watching it. I was really excited. And I remember someone saying that his goal was to make a million dollars in a day. And I was just like, that's not even possible. That's not those numbers that aren't even realistic. And I remember I went on a family trip. I went with my family to Bear Lake and went down there and there's no internet access in Bear Lake at the time, like anywhere. And so it was like three or four days in the trip. And finally, I had just an email with someone who went and found this little library and got online and had dial-up mode. It was so slow. And I was checking my email. And I remember I got a bunch of emails coming through from the whole product launch. I was looking at them. I remember sitting there. And again, I'm in this little tiny library in Bear Lake, Idaho, sitting there. And I'm reading this email. And the email comes through saying that they had sold a thousand copies of a thousand dollar course in 18 hours. And I remember sitting back and just thinking, that's a million dollars and 18 hours. And I was like, that's not that difficult when you think about the numbers behind it. It's a thousand dollar course. You sell a thousand copies of it. If you take that over a year, that's three copies of your product a day if you're doing a thousand dollar course. And I was just like, that's not an impossible goal or impossible dream. And that's when I started looking bigger and started thinking, how do I get the seven figure thing? How can we get there as quick as possible? Now, at the time of my business, I was spending a lot of time selling info products, like $27, $37 type products. And again, that's what primarily my company right now, what we teach most people is how to create ebooks or e-products or things like that and start selling them and make money with that. And that's what I was doing at the time. And a little while later, I launched a membership site called the Lost Files. I still remember right before that, I'd seen Ryan Dice and Jimmy Brown launched a site called Nitchology. Anyone here has seen Nitchology or anyone a member of Nitchology? They launched a site and it was just the most brilliant I had ever seen. It was $27 a month to have access to the site. And they sent about two or three thousand people and I was looking at the numbers behind that. I was just like, this is pretty exciting. You look at the numbers, how much money they're making, residually. So I wanted to make a membership site too. So I made a membership site called the Lost Files and I launched it and I got about 300 people to sign up. I think paying $27 a month during the first month. I was just ecstatic. I was so excited. What started happening was people were dropping off. They kept kind of, they were in there for a while and then they would drop off and I had asked them, why are you dropping off? And I go, I get all this stuff but I just don't know what to do with it. And I kept thinking, I'm like, oh, all these people, everyone that's canceling, they're not canceling because they're upset, they're not canceling because they don't like the service. They're canceling because they don't know what to do next. I thought there's got to be something I can do. And I was like, I don't, you know, at the time I was going to school, I was wrestling, I didn't have a lot of time. But I was like, I'm going to put together something to see if anyone's interested. So I just sent an email out to this list of about 300 people and all I asked them was, I said a lot of people are confused. They don't know what to do next. So I decided I'm going to put together kind of a coaching group. I'm just curious if any of you guys are interested. And if I did a coaching group, it would be like a telephone coaching group. You could log in. I'd teach you and walk you through the steps of how to make money with this stuff if you're interested. I sent that email out and I got a flood of emails coming back saying, yes, we're interested. Yes, we're interested. And I was like, oh, okay, let's get a little people are interested. And I said, okay, well, I'm going to, you know, I got the feedback I want. And I was like, I don't know how to sell something like this. So I just went to like our little members form and I put a PayPal button in the members area that was for $500 and just said, lost files coaching program and PayPal buttons. That was my entire, the copy on the page was lost files coaching program and a PayPal button. I sent an email back out to those 300 people and said, a lot of you guys are interested. So I'm putting together a coaching program. It's going to be $500. It's going to be six weeks. This is what I'm going to teach you over six weeks. If you're interested, there's a PayPal button inside the members area. And that was the extent of how I sold this coaching program. Sent the email out, woke up the next morning and found over $30,000 in orders in my PayPal account. And I was just like blown away. I mean, for me to make $30,000, typically selling like a $30 product, I saw a thousand copies of those things. I made $30,000 overnight with this coaching program for $500. And I was just so excited by that. So I got on the calls. I did, you know, six weeks with the training calls and, and fulfilled on it. I didn't have any refunds and it was just so ecstatic and so excited that, that I had sold my first high ticket thing. Who here sold a high ticket thing in the past? Okay. It's pretty exciting when you get those big payments coming through, right? So I was so excited. So that's the first thing. And then, so a couple months later, I got, I came back and at the time we had an affiliate program. I think we had about 18,000 affiliates at the time that we had, that sent for affiliate program and very few of them were making any money. Most of them were making no money at all. And so I was like, well, I got to figure out how to get these guys to actually make some money for me. I want to make some money. So I did the exact same process. I sent an email out and I said, Hey, you know, we've got about 18,000 affiliates. We're only sending checks out to like 30 of you. So the other 17,997 people, we'd love to send you some checks, but you just don't know what you're doing, obviously. So we're going to put together a coaching program and just want to see if you want to be part of it. I sent an email out and got a whole bunch of floods of people. Yes, I think heavens, we want to do this. We just don't know what to do. Please let us know. And so this time I got kind of a little daring. I said, okay, I'm going to try, you know, instead of $500, I'm going to see if I can, if I can charge a little bit more. I want to see like what people are actually willing to pay for a coaching program. So this time I went and I put up a $1,000 PayPal button in the members area. I sent an email back out, said a lot of you guys are interested. So this is what it's going to be. It's going to be, I think it'll be a 12 week coaching program. I sent out the email and in about five days we had 79 people sign up for our coaching program at $1,000 apiece. $79,000. Okay. And again, I was just like, this is the greatest thing in the world. Now for you what happened, the next step was kind of a scary thing because I started doing the training program. What I would do is I would send out an email the week before I said, okay, week number one, this is what we're going to be talking about is this. I sent out an email. I said, let me know what your number one question is about this topic. I want to know what it is so that when I'm teaching on it, I make sure I cover all of your questions. So I sent out that email and get a big flood of responses. And the first two or three modules, I knew the content really good. Like so I got the feedback, I started, I taught on it and just did a really good job. And then by the third module, I said it was about search engine stuff and I sent out the email and started getting all these questions coming back that I didn't know the answers to. I was like, oh my gosh, all these people want to know stuff that this is way over my head. I don't even understand this stuff. And so I got all these questions and figured them out and I was like, I don't know what to do because I don't know how to coach on this stuff. I don't have time to go and learn all of it. So I started calling up some friends I knew that did search engine stuff and got a hold of a guy named Brad Fallon. Some of you guys may have heard of him. I said, hey Brad, I'm doing this coaching program. All these guys are asking these questions. I don't really know the answers to them. Would you please come on and just answer these questions for me? He said, sure I left him. He came on and got on the phone and I answered all the questions, did Q&A for people and just helped everyone understand that session. I didn't have to do anything. No preparation, no anything. I was like, this is really nice. So module four came back, same thing, questions came back in and I knew the answers to most of those ones but I was like, I bet you can find someone who knows more than me about this. So I called that person up. He came on the call, did a whole training call and the next like nine modules, I didn't even teach any of it. I just sat back and let these experts go and teach all the content, answer all the questions our members had and at the end of it we ended up, I think we ended up going like an extra five or six weeks afterwards because it was so much fun and some people were asking all these questions. We built this huge training program and it was called our affiliate boot camp and it did great. It made $79,000 up front. Then we took that program, repackaged it, started selling it for $1,000 a piece as a physical product for a long time. Then we sold it later on as a digital product and from that coaching program we made hundreds and hundreds of thousands of dollars. But that for me was like really when I started getting the difference. I can make a lot of sales at $30 or $40 but I think you got to make a lot of sales consistently to make $79,000 or I can make 79 sales at $1,000 and suddenly I'm making a lot of money really, really quickly. So I started getting into this whole back end high ticket stuff and trying to figure out how can I make more and more and more of that. So after we did that webinar at the affiliate boot camp, we started, or it was getting people on there, we started doing some more tele seminars. At the time I bought Alex Mendoza who's got a course called Tele Seminar Secrets. Who has ever gone through that course? Awesome course. So what I did was a tele seminar secrets course and started learning how to do tele seminars and so what I started doing was going out there and just finding other people that had big ticket stuff because I didn't want to keep creating all this big ticket stuff and I find someone that had a really good product. I get them on a phone call, I bring my list to it and we'd sell stuff on their tele seminars and we did great with it. In fact, my first million dollars I made was right after my college. I was in this, it was right when my wife was pregnant and we were in our house and I just moved this little tiny office and all I was doing all day long is once a week I do a tele seminar with some person that had a high end product and I would just promote the tele seminar, get people on tele seminars, at the end of the tele seminar I'd sell something and we make a bunch of money and that's how I made my first million dollars which is every single week, every Thursday night we did a tele seminar and so I'm going to kind of wrap you through the initial sales process we would do with these tele seminars and later webinars and this whole presentation I'm going to be showing you guys kind of evolution of my business. I'm going to be showing you what we're doing tele seminars first. I'm going to show you some of our scripts. I think he has a lot of copy of our scripts. I'm going to go through these right now as well in a second but this is kind of the evolution and each of these steps, again we're not using all these things entirely right now but each of them have really good points and really good pieces to pull out of them so if you're taking notes, start taking some of these things, some of these concepts I'm going to share with you and Mike said there's some good little nuggets throughout. So what we would do is we'd get people on a tele seminar or on a webinar, it wasn't webinars at the time they weren't really a thing that people were doing but it was tele seminars and eventually turned into webinars. We basically, we'd create a timeline so every single speaker I'd get on I'd say okay we have a 60 minute slot, we have a 60 minute timeline, we're going to timeline out this entire presentation. This is exactly what we do so I come right here, can I zoom out a little bit? There we go. So there's our timeline and this is before again before the tele seminar I sit down with whoever the speaker was and said okay we're going to map this whole thing out so here is a 60 minute tele seminar. I said okay now what we noticed when we started watching the progress of these tele seminars is about the 10 minute mark or so people are dropping off, we're seeing a huge drop off okay and we see a big drop off over here about the 50 minute mark, we see a drop and then in the middle there are people there. So I said okay here's kind of the drop off points, here's the timeline, we got to figure out a way to maximize these 60 minutes to figure out how we can make the most money possible. So the first thing we do is first it all comes down to like how you get someone onto a tele seminar, what's the story you're telling them okay, the better the story you're going to tell someone, the better hook, the better angle, the more likely you are going to be able to get that person on the webinar or the tele seminar. So the very first one we did, probably the first one I did that made me the most money I did an interview with Vince James and this guy he had made $100 million in 23 months. Everyone who hears that story wanted who made $100 million in 23 months and so to get people on the tele seminar I didn't tell him who he was I didn't tell him anything about him, I just said there's this guy who made $100 million in 23 months, he has this book I read, it was so great, I went out there I wanted to find out more about it, I was able to get him to sit on the call for an hour to answer a bunch of questions for me, if you want to find out who this guy is and answer any of your questions please show up on this tele seminar okay, I cannot tell you how many people had to show up on the tele seminar because everyone wanted to know who is this guy, how did he make $100 million in 23 months, what's he doing and it's such like a secretive type thing without them knowing exactly what it was, we got a ton of people to show up on the call. Curiosity is one of the best ways to get someone to actually show up, so we had a very good curiosity piece, so what we did is when we started Timelining this thing out in the first 10 minutes you said we knew people were going to show up and so for the first 10 minutes we want to focus really on retelling that story that got him on the tele seminar okay, they came on for a reason, we want to retell that story before I even introduce the person, so I brought him on and I started retelling this story, I'm going to introduce you guys to this person, I'm not going to tell you his name yet but this is what he did, he made $100 million in 23 months, he did this, he did this, he started telling all these stories because the stories are just going to hook that person and get him excited okay, now before I even introduce the person, because I know as soon as I introduce the person that's when your drop off starts happening because now they see what's behind the magic curtain right, so as soon as I introduce that person I'm going to lose them, so before I introduce that person, before they know who that person is or what the big thing is, I need to set a hook, so our goal in that first 10 minutes was to retell the story and then to set a hook, okay, and the hook could be a lot of different things, so for me what the hook was for this tele seminar and again this is one of the ones that made me the most amount of money, they said you know right now we've got an hour dedicated to this where I've been talking to this guy but I've actually, he's agreed to me that we're going to do a six hour training call later where I'm going to go through step by step, page by page of his book with him and figure out every single thing he knows, it's going to be six hours long and so at the end of this call there's going to be a few of you guys that are going to be allowed to be on that call with me and at the end of the call you're going to find out how to do that but make sure you're on this entire call because at the end of it you're going to find out how to be on that call with me for six hours with this guy, because I set that hook and all of a sudden they're like okay at the end of the call I'm going to find out about this, I need to make sure I'm on this call for the entire thing or I'm going to lose them so the big thing for us was setting that hook as quick as we can and then that point is when I introduce them, when I did that we started seeing our drop off start declining dramatically because they were so good to be such a good job of hooking them to the end okay so that's what we did and then for basically from minute ten to minute fifty all we do is teach, we didn't have any kind of script or anything we would just teach and this weekend we learned a lot about scripting some stuff that's a lot more advanced and works a lot better than what we were doing here by the time we didn't know anything like that we just would teach for about forty minute or from minute ten to minute fifty we would just teach as much content, as much good stuff as we can and then down here at the fifty minute part this is where we start focusing on our close. Now this is before I knew any closing techniques or anything at all we were still going to make a million dollars and all we did was coming in and basically saying okay here is the offer we tried to create an irresistible offer. He goes, is laughing on the next door over? Man, so you create an irresistible offer so for this one basically this is the product it's a three hundred dollar product if you sign up through my affiliate link right now what you're going to get is you're going to get the six hour recording or you're going to be able to be on the consulting call with me for six hours with Vince James at the end of the call we're doing this call in about a week from now so if you're interested make sure to sign up right now in a week from now you're going to have access to this private call. So an irresistible offer, huge value add and we close like crazy on that call. Okay so this is our first script this is the script that we just use over and over and over again. It's a 60 minute timeline set a hook pick your drop off points irresistible offer at the end and we close. Now one other thing we would do is we know ahead of time that people are going to have certain concerns right? And this is something I learned from a guy named Mike Chen when I did the telestem with him he said Russell when people buy my products I know exactly what their concerns are. These are the five concerns they don't have time they don't have money they don't have boom boom boom boom so he dressed those those concerns so he said during our content section here in the middle he's like what I want you to do is I want you to feed me questions they're going to so I can answer those questions ahead of time I want to take those doubts out of their minds when they get to the close it's going to be much easier. So he said I know a lot of people are going to think that my product his product was $300 at the time so a lot of people are going to think $300 might be too much money for this product. So he's like what I want you to do is I want you to phrase a question like this and basically say hey Mike now one thing that I noticed is that I'm still shocked that you only charged $300 for the software program because most people were expecting to charge $1000 or more I'm just curious how you're able to pack in so much value for such a low price. Okay see I set up that question so anyone who at the end is going to be like $300 is too much money. Also they know it's $300 and that whole thing went away because man it should be $1000 most people would pay $1000 only $300. Okay now next thing is he said I know a lot of people have a question with time because they're not going to be concerned they don't have time to do this so make sure you ask me a question that's related to time. So I'd say okay hey Mike you know one of the coolest things about software is how fast you can create them you know I was able to create my first program in under an hour with it. You know a lot of people are concerned because they're not software developers and I think it's going to take them years and years and years to make this thing but I was able to do it in just 60 minutes. How are you going to make it so people can create these projects so quickly? Okay now all the concern they had about time is gone. Okay so you know any product you're about to pitch on a tele-seminar like this you know that people are going to have three to five different concerns. So if you can address those concerns ahead of time during the content piece when you get to the close all the walls all the barriers are down it's very easy now to close the sale. That make sense? Okay so that's how we were doing that was our initial script and that's basically how we that's all I was doing was just tele-seminars once a week and I would do it basically I would Tuesday and Wednesday I would promote a tele-seminar Thursday we would do a tele-seminar Friday and Saturday I would follow up and try to close sales from people who would listen to the tele-seminar who would missed it we do replays and things like that. And so that was how we did it. Now one thing that this kind of goes into the evolution of this whole system we're talking about one time Mike Phil Semini did a tele-seminar and it was kind of an interesting process we did this tele-seminar it was on a Thursday and when the tele-seminar was over we made $5,000 really quick and afterwards we got the phone we were talking about we said man I mean five grand already let's do a replay tomorrow and then Mike's like I got an idea instead of just doing a replay tomorrow because a replay you kind of lose the whole like this is an event I need to be on this thing right it's like oh it's a replay I'll see if I can try to watch it he's like let's let's structure it's like we're going to do a replay but instead of doing a replay let's let's email our listen say because it was so great we had so much good feedback and so much stuff we decided to do this calling in three times live tomorrow and let's do one in the morning one in the afternoon one at night he's like we'll just replay the call but let's let's this kind of pitch it as as this is a this is a cool thing we never said it was a live event we said the call was so important that we did um we had so much you know people want to know about it we're doing we're going to do the same call in three times tomorrow on Friday so we did that exact same thing three times on Friday we did once in the morning once in the afternoon and once at night and every time it replayed we made immediately made an extra 5k reach those replays so we had to take it from 5k to 20k and then after that on on Saturday then we sent out the replaying for people to miss it okay there's something powerful about about an event being or seeming or or or having it be live and I'm going to talk a lot about this weekend okay because one of the problems that happen traditionally with webinars is you've got the live event you get all this excitement all this this emotion all this stuff that's happening and people miss it and they have the replay and they lose all the sense of urgency to lose all that kind of stuff so we want to try to simulate as much as possible a live experience because a live experience when people show up they're going to be there they can be focused and your closing ratios will go up through the roof if it if it seems like a live event so that's what we were talking about a little bit more later on okay so that was kind of the next evolution for us was was doing those tell seminars we're doing great with them now about that time I joined a guy's mastermind group a really great marketer he ended up kicking me out after the second month I'm not sure she's not sure why but I was paying him great money to be part of this mastermind group anyway the the first month I'm sitting there on a call and under the call he says he basically told he's he told people said you know what I did when I first got started is I did these high-end boot camps for five grand people pay five grand to come to my house and he was doing fitness stuff he's like we just work out together they pay me five grand I was like people pay you five grand to come work out with you and that's what he's telling people and then some other guy got a phone well this is my business how much I do he's like you should charge five grand have people come to your house and and and do that thing with you and then the next day it's on the call ask the question hey he's like well what I would do is I would just pay people pay you five grand come to your house and do that thing with you so I heard this like three or four times in a row I'm like huh that's a good idea I had I have a great idea I think I'm gonna charge people five K to come over here and hang out with me I'm gonna teach him what I do so that's kind of my epiphany it took me three or four times hearing all these other people before I like I got it and so the next morning I woke up and and again I I'm kind of guy like I don't I don't know I Joe Vitale when my first mentors he said money follows speed so I'm just like I'm that guy's just like okay I'm gonna try to figure this thing out so the next morning I woke up and I had three four people to work for me off as the time and again I didn't have any like really good results for people I never really taught internet marketing before I just had done stuff for myself that was about it but I wanted to do an event teaching all this cool stuff I was doing that I learned so I had three or four people are working for me at time and and I had one person that I had explained the process to and she got really excited about it and so that was like the extent of my testimonials and so we got on this phone call and we got our conference I recorded like pre-record this call and basically I got on the call I said hey this is Russell blah blah blah this is what I've been doing I'm making some good money having some fun with it I've got a couple of my friends here I want them to go on the call so I got one of my friends on there he's just like yeah I've been watching Russell's business grow it's really cool I'm excited I want to be part of it I think you should be part of it too and the next person yeah I see Russell does it's really exciting so my testimonials are just people basically saying well Russell does looks really cool you guys should be part of it too that was the extent of what we were doing and so anyway at the end of I said in the end of this call that we recorded I basically said in a month now we're going to be doing a workshop in our offices in Boise Idaho I'm going to sit down for three days and show you everything I'm doing the price is $5,000 there's a PayPal button on I think it's like go see Russell.com or something like that so that was the extent of my sales pitch was like a 30 excuse me 30 to 40 minute recorded message of me just kind of talking about this cool thing we were going to do and my testimonials of people just telling me they thought they're telling people that they thought I was cool and so I sent the email out and said hey call this number we're doing this really cool thing I want to make sure you're on it so this is so that night it was like seven o'clock at night that I heard the phone call next morning by ten o'clock we had pre-recorded this this little voice message by eleven o'clock I sent an email out to my list basically saying go call this number and just check it out and by midnight that night we had made two sales of five grand a piece with $10,000 in my in my account I was just like this is the coolest thing I had two people pay me $5,000 to come to our office to try to figure out figure out what we're doing so I kept promoting that call we ended up selling I think about five seats or so it wasn't I think yeah I think only sold about five seats so we made about $25,000 off of this deal I was so excited now what the problem was the next hurdle I ran into was realizing that I was about to an event and there were only going to be five people showing up to this event can you imagine if you guys came to this room there were only like five people here and I was just like hey guys like it would have been kind of like disappointing so I'm like I got to figure out how to get more people in this room so like I called my dad up and I called my brother I called my friends I'm getting like 30 of my friends to come show up and and hang out for the weekend and sit in this room so look like we had a big event we had like 30 people there and we did this event it was great we recorded the whole event and we turned that into a thousand dollar home study program that ended up becoming our first like home study course in fact if any of you guys who here joined the Illuminati who here saw my Illuminati email is that an exciting video or what so anyway the Illuminati is like our new membership site and the recording is that very first event are inside the Illuminati's members area so if you have login you can go and find those and the funniest thing I want to tell you to notice is we were so ghetto like we didn't know anything we were doing we had this video guy who was filming stuff and he starts filming and he's in the middle of the stops he's like I can't see anything on the camera because the window behind you is too bright and there are no blinds of course in this hotel so he gets and so Lindsay who was my assistant at the time she runs home and grabs a bed sheet brings it back and then we didn't have any tape so the hotel gave us electrical tape so we electrical taped up a blanket over the window that you can see the entire seminar in the background so if you guys log in the Illuminati members area you'll see how quality our first event was. We made $25,000 off it created a product we sold for $1,000 and made a bunch of money off that as well okay so I started getting this now like this new level of like $5,000 things and got really excited by that because that's a much cooler price point obviously okay okay now a little while later so fast forward it now probably another six months six months in in the future we're doing our business and this time I was doing the mistake a lot of entrepreneurs make and I made this multiple times in my business so if you're gonna make this mistake let me save you the headaches of this right now I started hiring staff okay you haven't heard done that yet okay this is my warning to you don't do that it's bad it's evil nothing good will ever happen from staff so I started hiring all these staff members right and I was really excited because all these people are working for me they all thought I was cool they all looked up to me and I like felt like I was this cool guy the problem with staff is some of you know and some of you will learn because you're probably still gonna make the same mistake because there's something that comes with like being the entrepreneur and the significance that comes from look at my staff I've got a team of blah blah blah you know there's something weird that all of this will go through so I promise I'm you guys gonna jump into that the problem with staff members is that every two weeks they want to get paid whether they've made any money for you or not it's just really weird thing that just keeps happening over and over and over again okay as the entrepreneur we know we get paid when when we sell something right but people who aren't entrepreneurs they get paid every two weeks like clockwork and they're pissed if they are if you're a second late on the check so I hired all the staff every two weeks they're wanting to get paid so I'm paying them I'm paying them after about two weeks I'm like we haven't made any money yet and they're like well paydays tomorrow what are you gonna do so I'm like trying to figure out ways to make more money and and kind of got in the cycle of like we got some debt because I was trying to pay all these employees and I was too busy trying to make money to teach them how to do anything so they're all sitting around like goofing off while I'm trying to make money in the back room and horrible horrible down almost downward spiral and I made that mistake more than once in my career just you guys are all familiar are all aware so we had this thing going on and we got a point where I was just like I'm stuck like I need to shut this whole thing down like it's not working you know we're making good money but every penny of it and more is going out and we're not making any profit I just like we got to figure out a new way to fix this and so about that time was Christmas time and I was hanging up Christmas lights just like stressed out like I don't know what I'm gonna do like I can't laugh all these people during Christmas time I like you know but I'm out of money what should I be doing so I'm hanging up these Christmas lights and I'm listening to this this this seminar that I'd got the the audio is for and listening to seminar and this guy just told us process where he's like what I do is I give away free CD and then after him gets a free CD I call him on the phone and I sell him $5,000 coaching I was like that's a pretty good idea I think I could do that doesn't sound that hard and and so that night is against like 10 o'clock and I hang up these Christmas lights and this is kind of me this is you guys will learn this how I work I'm just like hey next morning I call meeting okay everyone I listen this call this is a really good idea this we're gonna try to do we're gonna take a CD we're gonna put up online people are gonna buy it and then we're gonna call them on the phone and try to sell them stuff afterwards you guys all in like four or five guys sitting around there just like I'm gonna pay tomorrow right like fine well pay tomorrow but we gotta call these people and sell them stuff okay and so I put up the CD I sent a bunch of emails my list we end up selling we ended up giving away about 800 copies of CD it was amazing like it was one of the first like free plus shipping things that we had ever done at the time we didn't have continuity to it at first we just kind of like give away this free CD so we find out some people's phone numbers because we didn't have any phone numbers so they bought we kind of got a phone number so that was the first thing we did is kind of send that out and then we have these guys had four guys on my team they started calling people on the phone and we didn't have any idea what to say we didn't have anything so we kind of had a basic script we put together if you open up your your your scripts thing right here you'll see the very first script in here this is a script we ran off of now the the first five days we sold 10 or 11 people at $5,000 went for refunding one person so we made $5,000 or $50,000 in our first week of doing this just by calling people and these were untrained sales people these were just a bunch of my buddies on the phone trying to figure out how to sell stuff now one thing we had that was really going for us and then one thing that if you use this script if you guys ever want to use this script in future every all the guys that worked with me they kind of understood internet marketing they've been around for four or five months they'd seen the process they understood squeeze page they understood a list they had a good understanding of the nuts and bolts and this script is really focused on if you've got a sales person who understands your business really really well okay next week I'm gonna be showing you is more focused on if you are trying to scale up and build a big company with lots of sales people and and it's a little bit different so this is this is the original sales script we used and this this script right here made us over a million dollars before we switched off it okay it works very very well I still know a couple guys that use this script to a tee in fact one of our one of our friends he he's in the UK some of you guys have probably heard of him his name is Lee McIntyre but he was doing the same thing that we're talking about before he's so much of info products making good money making good six figure your income off it he got a hold of this script right here he trained three or four of his buddies they started calling all the people they're selling ebooks to start offering a $5,000 coaching program and anyway month one they hit $100,000 a month in phone sales and they've been there ever since they've gone up you know they've been going up from there but they make $100,000 a month in phone sales just by following this exact script right here in fact he's he he offered to pay $25,000 to come out so I can show him the second script which you guys all have right here so don't let him know about this event because I want his $25,000 investment to come to my office for like so I can teach him the script number two okay so this is the basic script so the script is it's very simple okay we're getting on the phone they we're calling that person and our first goal is to get their trust as quick as possible okay and because everyone knows that feeling when when someone calls you it's a telemarketer you you're kind of like ah so how do you get your their trust really really quickly and one of the best ways to do it if you're if if you are someone's calling for you on behalf of you if they just purchased one of your products there's some kind of there's some kind of relationship there as well okay so they're calling basically hey this is so and so I'm from Russell Brunson's office he just gave me your phone number wanted me to give you a call so they're trying to like to build that that that report as quick as possible now if you're calling a customer and they don't like you they had a bad experience this doesn't work very good at all but they had a great experience with you and you call them on the phone you get them on the phone really quickly and you start building that report people okay so that's the very first thing now one of the the things we did in the script which I really liked a lot is we basically there's two outcomes of this call outcome number one is you learn a couple things be able to benefit from an outcome number two is we're gonna figure out a way we can work together sound good and one of my favorite things about this script is the fact that people whether they buy or whether they don't buy they're gonna get a lot of value from the script just from this from this their experience on the phone okay script number two is a lot less teaching and coaching this one gives a lot more coaching a lot more I'm up front value okay in fact we should we should like sell this phone call just buy itself for $27 like hey we'll get on the phone we're gonna do a strategy session with you for $27 and people pay for it because at the end of it they thought they got a lot of value out of it okay so this is more like a coaching script with that with the sell at the end of it so again that the very beginning thing we're doing is we're building that trust try to connect them as quick as possible and tell them there's two basic outcomes in this call outcome number one is you're gonna learn a bunch stuff for your business it's gonna go apply it and you make a bunch of money outcome number two is we're gonna figure out a way we can work together and help you on your business personally that's not good people say yes of course they jump into the probing questions now every business that you're in you're gonna find there are there are basically a set of problems that people have okay and then in a marketing business I know the exact problems that almost every one of our customers are always gonna have okay the first problem they're gonna have is their website is horrible okay so in two seconds I'll give you a website and that okay my first question for you is are you gathering are you gathering people's names email addresses right now on your website the answer is either yes or no okay if it's no then I sit down I say okay what you need to do that you understand the most important part of internet marketing is having a squeeze page or having a way to gather leads and I coach them through that process of gathering leads okay if they say yes yes I got a squeeze page up everything's looking good awesome now how much are there yeah people opting into your list right now no I don't okay the problem is you're not getting any traffic let me talk about traffic and also I can dive into traffic okay so it's very quick coaching consulting process for internet marketing space look at their site they've got a way to build a list then then focus on how you get in traffic okay and so that's kind of what it would be we just look at that and our goal was just to kind of share one or two really good ideas with that person okay so if they're just beginning just getting started usually it was the website understanding the power and importance of a list that's what we'd coach them through okay and if they'd understand that then we talk a little about traffic and then from there we drive into next part of the script okay so for you guys whatever business that is whatever you're selling on the phone if you're gonna be doing phone sales think about that like what are the typical questions the typical problems most people are gonna have okay because they're probably almost identical and everyone's what's interesting is everyone in their business they think that the problems they have are unique to them okay but I can tell you from from doing this internet marketing training stuff for for the last seven or eight years how long I've been doing this now and working with thousands of entrepreneurs from all around the world the problems are identical every single person's got almost the exact same problems exact same issues every single time and so I can sit down in two minutes with someone be like these are your problems change this tweak this add this and boom now it's start working and I promise you whenever business you're in this is exact same thing and I'm sure most you guys know exactly those questions are right now don't you okay you already know those questions are you're gonna know those problems are what people are gonna be having so figure out those questions you want to create probing questions they're gonna match this gonna help set up the the the the responses that you want back okay so for us at the time it was obviously very easy do you have a website do you have a squeeze page kind of see your squeeze page and when our guy jump on the computer with him and it's kind of critique yeah well you need a headline you some kind of copy just having an opt-in box it's not gonna help people opt in okay we start coaching that process and so again the reason why this works so good for us that time is because the four guys we had on the phones all new internet marketing they could coach people to that process really really well okay this is almost a blend of a coach and a salesperson that was the first step now now after you kind of help them you've served them and and you've gotten through where they have an aha moment they've seen some value from that that's when you start shifting into the clothes now the clothes on this is very simple basically you're shifting from from them them them them to now let me tell you about us what we do as a company okay shift that thing over here now at this point you're saying okay this is what we do as a company we come through we help people just like you you know all this if we talked about we help people actually implement that so we help people to get their squeeze page up we help people we help people when we start sharing all the things about how what you do matches all the problems they have the one thing if you've done this right if you done this script correctly and you gone through these the probing questions right you know exactly what those that person's pain points are you know exactly what they're struggling they're struggling because they can't get traffic they're struggling because they can't they can't design a website they're struggling because they can't find someone to do this they're you know exactly what their pain points are exactly where they're struggling case now I shifted this I start telling about my company it's very easy for me to ask them my company does and then boom if you start solving the problems that they already have you know they have you see how why that's such an easy sales transition okay if you look at we're doing a work with Brett Curry here on the local program where we're launching dot com secrets local things around around the country one thing we were doing a lot with our people is is they're going into to like a dentist or chiropractor and same time he asks us probing questions finding out the problem is and then they come back and now our our company is a solution it's not hard to design the solution around the pain points and the problems they're already having in their business okay it's a very simple very simple sales process works offline works online okay and then the script from there basically transitions one thing you want to do is you want to have these people talking a lot when you start transitioning into this you're trying to find out about their problems one them talking a lot the more they're talking the more they feel important the more likely they are to actually purchase from you and if they're you transition into the close here okay so again this script is very basic only a page and a half long I recommend you guys to look through tonight read through it read through all the different questions we have here and then if you look interested in this kind of a of a sales script just model it tweak it make it fit for whatever business whatever industry you're in but it works very very well I'm gonna spend more time on the two-step script because that's when we've we've been a lot more we haven't actually used this script in our company for probably five years but like I said we made our first million dollars on the phones with this script exactly okay now again like the biggest benefit of this script is just if your guys the people around the phone can coach people through the process they understand your business they understand those things I think it's one of the better scripts for that purpose okay so that was the first one all right now after that we had some success ran out for about a year we had a lot of success with that script and then we had went from four guys to about six or seven guys and it was going good but the problem is we started getting more and more people to bring in sales it was difficult because we were trying to excuse me we're trying to coach them and teach them and train them on the sales process but we also have to coach and teach and train on the internet marketing process okay so we brought a new hire and it was a long process for them to be able to to start getting on the phone and start selling right out of the gate okay because you understand why they had to come in and learn internet marketing first and then learn the sales process so it was taking us a month or a month or more to get someone up to speed the point where they could actually get on the phone and start selling people okay and that obviously there's a big cost associated with that so because of that we started looking you know how are ways we can we can change the script and tweak this script so that we can make it more scalable so we started looking at some of the big call center companies at the time and in Utah there's a lot of big call centers and other floors and we knew people who worked on those floors we looked at their scripts and we kind of look what they were doing to be able to make something that's expandable it can grow really really rapidly and so that's when we kind of developed this this next script now this next script we were personally making almost ten million dollars a year with this script right here okay now the other thing that's cool about this is this is very similar to the to the script that people use in Utah and some other sales floors one of our friends they run a floor there's two million dollars a week with a variation of this script two million dollars a week okay off a variation of this script to any infomercial look at Anthony Morrison you look at all those guys the back-end phone script off all those is very similar to this can we model it very very very close so let me explain you how this process works is there's a process and a script so make sure you how it works there's basically and again the reason why I use this is to be able to scale quickly if you want to grow up a sales team things like that we have two different people we'd have what we call a setter and we have a closer okay so the center and the closer now this script right here is the setter script okay 95% of work is done by a setter the closer's job is really easy if the center does it correctly so when I walk into the script realize that it's the setter script okay now what the center does the basic the center is the person that's on the phone and they're dialing a whole bunch of people they got you know a hundred a hundred leads a week or 200 how many they're going through they're dialing dialing dialing and trying to find qualified people people who are interested people who have money people who want to be part of the program and that's the goal the setter okay and then the setters they they after they set the person then they had them off to the closer and it closes the person who closes that person on the phone now in an ideal situation what's going to happen if you if you're trying to build this up is normally you're going to have anywhere from six to ten setters all feeding up to one closer that makes sense so one closer can handle six to ten setters so setters going through dialing dialing dialing dialing dialing and they pass the person up to this to the closer the closer then then closes them now what we would do is on average we would one of the biggest mistakes that we did and a lot of people I know do is we'd get all these customers all these leads and we just start dumping them on the setters okay and what happened is we give the setters we give them anywhere from 200 to 500 buyers a week okay without well you know with they if we have 200 buyers they keep dialing and dialing and dialing and what happened though when we're doing that is the people to start dialing through they burn through all these people really really quickly okay and people weren't actually pulling money out so one of the experience we had a guy who came to work for us he used to work at Robert Allen sales floor when he came up with the very first things that he implemented in our company was changing how we distribute the leads went from 200 to 500 leads a week per salesperson to 50 leads okay and I'm everything 50 leads that's crazy if it's only at 50 leads how is he gonna work out those for six days in a row okay and the reason why they did we did that is what happens it's kind of like well yeah it's kind of like what do they call it like if you if you overfeed a cow too much they just like they they just kind of sit around they get fatter and fatter nothing happens the same thing we're like giving these these setters so many leads they just burn through them they had no you know like they weren't precious to them at all so we switched it to this but he only at 50 leads this week you know do really well if they stay start shifting their process they wouldn't just like hang up on you know just like burn through people really quick they spend more time with something because they knew that I only got 50 these people and so the quality of what we got out of them was amazing how much it increased as one of the best things we did is by shifting just lead flow now what we do a lot of times is we have different leads we have like a leads b leads and c leads so when we were doing like free plus shipping things or things like that some of the bought like a free CD that person would be a b lead okay because they paid maybe five dollars now someone bought one of the upsells and they paid $97 for an upsell or they bought something like that now they become an a leak they spent they spent more it's a nice $7 and our c leads are people who who these are usually like older leads maybe so it leads that we called six months ago so what we do is usually we come back we give someone maybe 30 a leads 20 b leads and then here's here here's 20 or 30 c leads you can dial through if you run if you run out of time okay so that's what we started doing like that and what's interesting if you look at like the the metric that we were always looking for in this is called the DPL dollar per lead so if I give this person 50 leads what's my dollar per lead I'm going to average from this salesperson okay so dollar per lead now what we would hope to do on average for for like for like a b lead for like a free plus shipping lead our goal is to get about $150 DPL so if I gave this person 10 leads I'm hoping to make $1500 I give him 100 leads $15,000 that makes sense that's what we're looking for is the DPL and you can tell kind of how good a salesperson is by what their DPL is like what they're averaging on on the phones okay so DPL we're looking for on an a lead we might get anywhere from like $150 to $200 or more depending on on what the lead is okay now I'll give you some other process we did increase that here in a second but that's basically kind of what we're looking for and the other thing you look at is a lot of people probably gonna ask me this is how did you compensate salespeople okay so let me come back to the set or closer the way we compensate people because this is all commission based how we how we would do something we do all commission based so someone would come in and there'd be a setter and the setter would go through all the set script and there'd be the closer on the other side on tip on average we were selling a $5,000 package and the way that it works when they come through here and again the also explain how the volume changes but on average it would go about 20% would go to this to the salesperson to the salespeople split between the setter and the closer so if it went through the setter get 10% and the closer get 10% okay that makes sense so if they close the $5,000 deal this you just made 500 bucks and this you just made 500 bucks okay now it wasn't exactly 20% the way we would do it really motivates salespeople if you're trying to build a sales team is we would structure that this on the sliding scale so what happened is it would reset every night every Saturday at midnight actually I think we should we shift it to Monday but anyway it goes over a seven day period of time so what happens you come in initially and your percentage would be at 14% and then we jump to like 16% and 18% and 20% based on the volume that you did here so if you come in you make one sale boom you're right here at 5k now you're gonna get 14% off those leads you get to two cells now you're at 10k now you're 16 get three cells it jumps up here so that it was a sliding scale and so and it was retroactive throughout or I think that's right we're retroactive throughout the week so if Saturday night I close my third deal and I just made $15,000 now I get 20% of all the deals that happen that week that makes sense okay so if I made if I close the deal on Monday one on Wednesday and I don't close anything else I'm only gonna get you know 16% through the whole week if I can get one more deal I close that boom also in all my volume everything increases up 20% of that entire week in the midnight it starts over on Saturday and boom they're back down to 14% okay so what happens is you get people the sales guys come in there and they're working on money so they go one set they get excited they do another one another one and by Saturday Saturdays are great paydays usually in the sales in the sales business because that's the numbers hustling and they're making a whole bunch of money and they get the big ticket sales okay so that's kind of the way that the set or closer process works okay and so I'll walk you the set script right now that's kind of the the basic understanding of how our sales floor and how most sales floors run okay so this is a set script again this thing right here was averaging us about 10 million bucks a year other companies are doing you know two million bucks a week or more and this is one of the most the best written things in the world if you're gonna use something like this don't don't change it a lot it works great okay so the beginning of this here is the intro this is similar to the other one the intro is is basically that person just purchased a product from you okay a lot of this has to do with timing I'll be talking tonight later on tonight I'm talking about like timelines of stuff so for example I'm gonna show you guys tonight here's our sales here's the sales process like you know someone comes in the funnel this we're doing this step this step I'm showing this whole process for an automated webinar tonight you guys are gonna love the whole the whole thing we kind of map out for you but what's important is this whole thing is timing we found that about 28 days after somebody purchased one of our products was a sweet spot to call them on the phone okay so I'm buys a product from you let's say they just bought a DVD or a book or something got that book you call the next day you're like hey how's it going I want to have I want to you want to be a coach you want to coach you through something maybe like I just bought this product you just told me in your sales letter your sales message this was the greatest thing in the world you can solve all my problems now you're trying to sell me coaching like I don't get that that isn't it's not it's not congruent with what's happening okay so we call people right immediately afterwards it just bombed it didn't do well at all before we time it for three weeks or so at that point they've gotten the product sitting on the shelf is still sitting there still sitting there they see it every time they see they feel guilty for two reasons first off I know they made an investment second off they know what will work if they actually just did something with it so we call them after three weeks now they feel a little bit of pain again okay they feel that pain again they still have their goals had not been been met yet unfortunately 99% of people never go through your products you know 99% of people need help and so what we do on the phone is basically the sales pitch is very simple that point is not hey this is the greatest thing in the world it's hey this thing's still sitting on your desk you want to coach to help hold you accountable kick you in the butt and make sure you actually finish this at that point they're like yeah I really do need someone to help me okay so you look at that it's all about timing and understanding the sell the process of what you're doing here okay you're not going from selling here's a box at home study course here's another home study course you're like you bought the home study course let me now help you implement this so you can make more money with it so you can change your life so you can change your business on and on and on okay all right so this is the set script so first thing again I'm calling hey hello this is this is Russell I'm calling from Russell Brunson's office I'm calling in regards to the internet marketing information you just purchased Russell assigned me a few files this week and I want to touch with you see what I can do for you and to find out what is what is your looking to accomplish online so let me ask you a question why did you order that in the first place okay so I'm trying to find out really quick why did they order that thing what what was the purpose why did someone at three o'clock in the morning buy that product on the infomercial okay why that person going on website yesterday afternoon or three weeks so why did they purchase that thing okay they had some kind of pain there's something they're not happy with that's why they bought it right okay purchasing and sales is all about understanding pain and trying to provide solutions to that okay so I'm trying to find out what's that person's pain why did they buy that thing yeah I bought it because you know I was I was online and and it looks really cool that's why I bought it okay do you think that's really why they bought it no it's not why they bought it they bought it because something they're not happy with something in life they want to change okay so I'm gonna dig a little bit like you know what's the reason why you bought it okay that's what's happening in the in the intro okay the next thing here is I'm asking is now I mean what is it you're looking to accomplish online right now well I'm trying to start a business because blah blah blah blah so I'm trying to find out why they bought it and what they look what were you looking to accomplish by purchasing that product okay you can answer that who here who here watches the office do you guys see this the season finale of it when they're interviewing for a new sales manager okay this is your guys homework time tonight go on youtube and find the the thing anyway there's a little scene there where Darrell Hammond is being interviewed for the sales position and it's like I was dying just understanding the sales process I was dying because he comes in and starts interviewing him and basically says you know you're used to selling $50,000 things how can you come sell paper he's like I'm not selling paper he's like you think I'm really selling paper here he's like what I'm selling is sex this is what people want then he starts going on this big explanation about what people actually want and it's kind of like this funny little skit but the reality is it's true okay people don't want paper they don't want a DVD on how to make money on the internet they don't care about that what they want is they want respect they want power they want change they want happiness they want something else and that's this whole script is about is find out what it is that they actually want okay it was interesting if you look at the script we'd never talk about the product okay most time people buy our stuff they don't really at this point they don't really know what they're buying now selling stuff online people are buying stuff based on a feature or something like that but when you're looking at you look at like this like an actual sell script it's not it's not the the tangible thing they're buying okay now later on you have to explain that because obviously logically they're they're gonna they're gonna justify what they're trying to purchase they want to be able to say well I'm getting eight weeks of this I'm getting this and this and this what people are buying is they're buying that they're playing they're buying the change they're buying emotional type things okay for those of you who watch the Illuminati sells there that thing is one of the best converting videos we have ever done to date it never once mentions what you're gonna get do you guys notice that okay who always says who saw it and signed up from it you didn't even notice that but you the way you felt the power the excitement the mode that's what made you guys buy later on you log in the members are you looking around make sure you can justify the investment the reason you bought is because of that okay now understand that sells the biggest mistake most people make in sales is they're trying to sell this thing I'm trying to sell you know it's got 18 it's got these features and God does this it does this does this people don't buy based on logic they buy based on emotion now they rationalize things later logically but they're not buying things logically okay we all buy things motion emotionally very important understand you look at people that have nice like 30,000 or excuse me 300,000 dollar cars and the first thing they're gonna tell you when you ask them about like yeah well it gets good gas mileage like are you serious you bought that because it gets good gas mileage you're lying that's how you're logically doing it you're bought it because when you sit in that car you feel like a better person okay that's the reason why people buy high ticket stuff is because they want to change something that's the emotion okay so that's my goal my my intro my first thing is find out why do they buy that and what goals will you try and accomplish for that okay well I want to change some things okay now we shift into the question thing this is where you're trying to find out a little bit more about about them okay there's some good a lot of good books out there about sales my favorite one's called question based selling it's all about this this process like asking questions to try to figure out exactly what their pain points are now if you look at the sales process you're gonna it was kind of interesting you're gonna see you're gonna see if you look at the emotional state that someone's gonna be going through they're gonna be going like this very excited and then down and then very excited and very down okay when you talk about their goals and about their dreams are very excited they talk about the current situation it drops them back down you talk about what we can help them do get some excited again and drop them down okay so it's kind of like an emotional roller coaster you're taking people on through the sales script but it's very important when you do that because no one's going to make a decision to get them right here unless they feel the pain from down here does that make sense have you ever been to Tony Robbins event okay who has been to UPW do you remember the Dickens process he puts everyone through okay he's actually make huge radical changes in your life and if you just came in like hey guys we're gonna make some changes get excited you're not gonna make changes he drives you down the deepest most painful spot you can possibly be in in the world and from there he can now now get you to change okay so the script the same thing is taking you through emotional roller coaster because if they don't fill the lows they're not going to come in and have the dream the goals for the highs okay so here are the questions here's and these are some some example questions and your goal with these questions is to really get them talking get them talking about themselves to get them talking about things here's some examples so is this something you're serious about learning and you see excuse me so is this something you're serious about learning and using to make money with so if you're remembering with an online business before you're still on ebay or set up a website how long have you been thinking about making money online for what are you hoping for that you can do in this business are you hoping you can replace your income maybe supplement it pay off some debts build a better retirement well obviously you can't walk away from his pain and bills right now but if this business were to take off for you and you can replace your income i'm sure you wouldn't mind excuse me working from home working in internet business from home right now right you've been thinking about doing something online for the last how many months 12 months 15 months okay and what do you feel has held you back from making money online okay now if i um so if you knew what you were doing was building all in business something you would be serious about doing right now okay so i'm asking these questions to try to get them talking about themselves about their experiences their frustrations their pain points okay again this is what we talked about before um uh with the last script as well with this uh with this script was interesting the more they're talking about themselves the more they're gonna like you want this person talking a lot about themselves um you got to relate to someone during this process okay if you can't get someone to relate to you during this process they're never going to step into their wallet okay you got to get in someone's heart before they're ever going to come into your hall to their wallet that makes sense it's very important that they're asking these questions to get to know them you're building your relationship to trust try and find out how you can help them how you can serve them okay and you want to if you get this person laughing during this point if you can you know relate to that person whatever you can do to get that person to like that's the most important thing that's going to be happening to this question section okay our best sales guys would get people laughing on the phone okay so this is the the question-based thing now next step here is called the blast now it's interesting if you look at all the guys who are best sales guys they'd be sitting on the phone doing the question-based the question-based stuff as soon as they transition to the blast you'd all see one common thing would happen anyone guess what it would be they might tag or know who's in our sales for a long time so they get to the blast whom they stand up and they start walking around okay the blast now is where over here as you're talking about them and try to figure them out the blasts we're saying now let me tell you who I am this is where you're stepping up and you're saying okay this is what's going to happen right now my company this is what we do this is how we change people's lives you're blasting through this you're trying to become this is who I am this is where the excitement comes off in your voice this is where the emotion this is where you start showing how I believe in what I do I know this is going to change change me okay this is where it's you're trying to stand up on a pedestal and basically tell people who you are and how you can change them okay you read through the script right here see how we how we normally do the blast okay so for example well joe maybe I can help I work in the business uh department of business development I um it's hard to read the scripts after you have to just read them straight um in the innovation refer to our success team we're a group in charge of generating success stories and testimonials like you saw in the infomercial like you saw on the website you saw xanogen story you saw so-and-so story side of people's story we're the teams in charge of those results okay those people came through our programs we help them they're the ones having the excitement right now okay do you want to be like xanogen do you want to be like this person well we're the team that made that responsible we're the ones that helped them get to that point okay now what I do is I go through and I qualify a few people to work with Russell Brunson and his team directly okay now anyone know here know what a what a takeaway takeaway sales is okay well the worst thing in sales you can do is be like hey I got a product available for everyone in the world who wants to buy it okay takeaway sales is basically say this is something that's not for everyone there's something that only a few qualified people will be part of and you need to explain to me why you think you're qualified to be part of it so I'm kind of setting that in the tone of that right here okay you know setting the tone of how this whole thing works so basically I work with Russell Brunson and his group of experts in the next 12 months we're looking to you know Russell's got new information coming out new product we're trying to find more success stories we want to take a group of people and help them get to the next level okay and all this stuff is true it's not like we're lying all these things are true we're trying to find success stories all the time we're trying to help cultivate people okay the more success stories we have obviously more products we can sell as well so that's the whole thing through the blast is really stepping up on your pedestal saying this is who I am okay building your own credibility if you guys have ever been through any of my other like internet marketing trading we spent a lot of time talking about like building your own attractive character who has ever heard me talk about that before okay building your attractive character like when you go out there and in on internet marketing your email in your list and things like that you need to build an attractive character now for your salesperson or for you or whoever's doing the phone sales this is the exact same thing this is the point where they're building their character this is there this is who I am this is how I help people how I change people's lives the more the more convinced the more they understand that part of it the more they believe in your service your product the better they're going to be at selling that for you okay it's very important okay now next thing is the posture this is kind of going back to the takeaway sell as well and I need to understand we have 8,000 12,000 people every month that work this program obviously we can't create that many success stories that's why I have a group that has to go through qualification process because we only have a limited amount of people we can help we can really give them what they need to make sure they're going to make money okay so this is again this is the process of kind of qualify them a little bit now the way they qualify someone's by filling out a profile that you and your spouse it's very important as well to get any of these sales things if you if you're on the phone with someone for like two hours selling something and they go and buy it and their spouse is not there on the phone with you guess what happens the next morning you get a phone call saying uh yeah so I told my wife and she's pissed and I need my money back okay that's what happens so um you want to try to involve the husband and wife you want that dream happening in fact this is interesting who here came here from the from the Dan Kennedy seminar no bunch you guys came from there um I don't know if I'm allowed to tell you this but I'm gonna tell you anyway so don't tell Bill um do you notice that the recently they've had a big push trying to bring wives and kids and spouses to their events okay the reason why they found on average if the spouse was at the event sitting next to the the husband it added it was like it was like a 60 or 70 percent increase in uh how much money they made if the spouse was sitting right there next to them okay the reason why is because the spouse is sitting there listening to this thing and be looking at the husband like you keep telling me you're gonna do this crap when you're gonna do it and you got the person out on the same side as them okay it's much better much better positioning than calling that night hey honey so I bought this thing again okay hold different positioning okay so that's why they always try to bring wives and kids to these events it's very smart uh from them same thing on these phone calls if you can bring a spouse on because you if you can sell this the couple together it's thousand more powerful than by yourself you're gonna save yourself refunds headaches all the other problems that come with it okay very important okay um all right so anyway this I qualify you go through this thing um now one thing that's important understand is that the setter the setter is becoming this person's best friend okay the setter is not the person that lets them know if they qualify or not when the setter's goal is is to go through this process say I'm gonna I'm gonna help um take you through this application process get you help you understand the whole process and then I'm gonna if if it's gonna be a fit for you I'm gonna hand you off to the director of coaching and he's gonna let you know if if uh if you're a fit for this program okay the director of the closing is is the the closer it's very important because uh the setter's gotta find out if this person first off they can even forward this is the right thing for them can we actually help them or not okay if it does it's a good fit then they pass them off so the setter again is becoming your friend like I I'm not gonna be asking for any money that's not my goal here um in fact I don't really have the ability to ask you for any money my goal is just to find out if you're right fit for our program so I'm gonna take this process find out and if you are right fit I'm gonna help give you the the tools you need to go to kind of pitch yourself to the closer to the the director of coaching okay again it all comes back to takeaway sales okay so basically at this point the the the the end of this thing is get your pen and paper out because we're gonna get started with with some stuff so get a pen and paper out and then you're ready to start um answering some questions the next step comes into the probe this is where we start probing into who they are now if you have another first two or three steps correctly this probe will not work okay then the probe you're asking personal questions that people aren't necessarily just by default gonna come and ask and and give you okay if I come to you or off the street and make hey what's your credit score how much how much available money you have on your credit cards what do you say like what what who are you what are you talking about right most of yous aren't gonna just give me that information if I just come up and ask you okay that's why the script's very important because it builds a relationship with trust understands why I need those type of things uh to be able to find out how much money they actually do have so the probe now comes through um and trying to figure out uh what people's problems are excuse me trying to figure out what what exactly they need um so you ask a bunch of different probing questions now some of these questions um are you you ask for very certain reasons some of them you don't ask for like some of them are just kind of there just to get just to get the process um going you know um so okay uh for example let's say so what's the highest level of vacation you've you've ever been able to complete something to tell you that now what you're trying to do is if someone said um you know you asked them an education question like well I went to high school and that's about it okay you probably know that person may you know financially you may you may look at hey they only graduated high school they probably have a good job or to say you know graduate of high school went through through college I got a great job as a dentist I've been doing dental work for the last six years now I know this person's got some money he's a dentist so I asked a question like that like what's your education level because it's going to lead help me understand get a better picture of this person's finances okay um um anyway I'm not going to go through word for word on this whole script around time for that if you read through the probe you see some of the questions rancid and again the goal of the question is to try to get a good glimpse of what this person's financial situation looks like whether it's good whether it's bad those type of things okay now this is the next transition this is where a lot of people get nervous you're trying to find out if this person can even afford what it is you're offering okay this doesn't make sense to spend like three hours on the phone with someone trying to sell them coaching if at the end of the day they don't have any money now um and so it's very important to kind of figure out and that's what when the goals of the setter obviously is trying to figure these things out see if they're qualified see if they if they can afford it if they can be part of the program and those type of things before they ever get to the closer okay by time by time they've gone through this entire script and gets the closer the closer's got a really good idea they know exactly how much money this person has they know exactly um their interests they know exactly like all the elements about this person's life to be able to say okay this is the package we recommend for you because someone's only got if someone only has um you know three thousand dollars of available credit you're not going to sell them a twenty five thousand dollar coaching program but if they've got fifty thousand dollar in code in package or in money you might sell them fifty thousand dollar coaching program and fifty thousand dollar coaching program is going to serve someone a lot more than a three thousand okay so it's all about kind of find out what what is possible for that person um this is me as I've seen my presentation before I talk about the value ladder but this is something that's really important to understand this whole process okay if you look at uh if you look at the value ladder so the value ladder basically is is you look at um you look at um where well let's see this is this is how much money this is what they're what they're getting out here so for example in my this is my value ladder someone comes into my sales funnel they buy a book for twenty dollars they they're the bottom of this value ladder they pay twenty dollars they got they got a book now if they read that book and they receive value from it what's going to happen they're going to want more information they want more things they receive value one point they're going to send out to the next level maybe I'll sell them out a three hundred dollar home study course and if they receive value there then they're going to want the live event and then the the one-on-one coaching program and all these type of things right so if you look at like my sales funnel like our stuff up here that we sell for insane amounts of money we have programs we sell for twenty five thousand dollars for thirty thousand dollars like if I could come to all you guys off the street and say hey this is the best thing I have in the world you pay thirty thousand dollar investment I'm going to build this whole thing out for you we're going to launch it we're going to make you a ton of money this is the best thing in the world for you if I came in like pitch you guys that most you guys rather get you say thirty thousand dollars that's that's more than I could ever afford or you say I would love that rustle but I'm thirty thousand dollars okay so for me I'm looking at I'm looking at this section the the probing and the finding credit just trying to figure out you know obviously if they have thirty thousand dollars I'm going to give them the most value possible I'm going to sell them something up here but they only have five thousand let's sell them something out here that's going to give them as much values we can possibly give for five thousand dollars okay so for my business for all your business you should have some type of value ladder set up so you have all these things in here and you can kind of figure out you know this person what's the best fit for them okay if they if they have five thousand dollars but not thirty it's probably not going to make sense for me to try to pitch them I'm going to come fly to feed you with me for a week and a half we're going to hang out we're going to build out your whole thing that's not a good pitch for someone it doesn't make fit so that's the goal the setter again is to find who where the where the fit is for that person okay so there's your probe there's your finding questions um or finding credit now what's happening when you start going through the credit again talk about emotional roller coaster most people can say yeah I got credit card debt or I've got whatever and so they're kind of kind of get down on the emotional roller coaster so you switch back over here to um to to the goals because what we want to do now is we want to bring back up again okay you brought them down below they understand the situation they're in is not good they understand that hey I've got a job making eight fifteen hour Walmart I'm greeting people every day Walmart I've got fifteen thousand dollars in credit card debt that's not paying me anything I spent that on a vacation just kind of sitting there I realized it's going to take me 25 years or more to pay off that fifteen thousand dollars in credit card debt because I'm making eight fifteen an hour so now do you think you know are you doing anything else besides this or is this kind of that's your that's your game plan that's your goal that's your goal you got 15 20 years to pay off the fifteen thousand dollars uh credit card debt you're never getting out of that okay we need to change that and what are your goals now you're shifting back to you know you're painting a pretty realistic picture this is where you're at you're not making any money right now you got no ability to pay off this debt your your situation getting worse and worse and worse um was the Einstein said the definition of insanity and the same thing hoping to get different result like that's the situation you're in right now you're getting the exact you're doing the exact same thing you get a horrible result so let's help shift that focus now you're gonna come back and start getting their goals now what is it that you do want though I want more time with my family I want to be able to to put my kids in the nice school I want to get out of debt I want to do those other type of things start bringing them up again they start seeing the vision okay start seeing exactly what it is that they want okay so the goal process is very important and then um and then one of the questions here this this is one of my favorite questions and uh one of the best things the question is this what is going to make you or excuse me what's going to make a success story to you so for me to consider you a success what needs to happen and then so here it says click your mute switch and keep quiet while they talk okay this is one of the most powerful points okay and sales a lot of times uh silence is one of the best tools you have so my question is for you to be for you to consider this a success and use success story what is it that needs to happen click and you just sit there and wait and you want to hear what they're gonna say okay and you want to just what the the the thing that most of you guys are gonna want to do is jump back on back because you're gonna feel that awkward silence they're gonna feel you're gonna feel it and the worst thing you can do is start talking to that awkward silence you want to sit back and just wait and just listen to them and they're gonna well you know if i was able to to make uh you know five thousand dollars a month then that'd be a success you just go mm-hmm you just wait again and you know if i could spend more time with my family that that'd make more successful mm-hmm you just wait what's gonna happen is two things are gonna happen one those people kind of rattling off things second one they're gonna be like are you still there hello and your response to that is very simple it's like yep i'm taking notes right here i want to make sure i get everything just keep going keep going then mm-hmm if you want that person to tell you their dreams okay you just wait silence is like the silence is the best thing for you uh in the step of the process okay okay so after they've listed out their goals they're back on the high they're very excited about this point um now it comes down to commitments okay you got to get this person to make commitments well we've always found it doesn't matter what you're selling you know i i served two years as a missionary for my church commitments are the most important thing if i can get someone to make a little commitment they're gonna make a bigger commitment and a bigger commitment if i can't get someone to make a commitment at this level they're never gonna make commitment at any other level so my goal now in the next section is to get people to make commitments okay so there's basically um when it comes down to sales process again you know i've never talked about the product yet at all we just trying to figure out what situation they're in where they're at there's three important elements here so if you're taking notes write these down there's time there's education and there's money okay time education and money so the time and this is all part of the clothes part of this whole thing is the time is what they have okay they had to put in some time they're willing to put in the time that's step number one okay number two is the education now we are the best company in the world teaching someone how to do you've seen that success you see how we did for this person and this person this person okay so um we're the one's going to bring the education table you got to put in the time we're going to bring the education and then the money will figure yourself out does that make sense the time um time teaching and money those are the three elements so you look at the commitments here that's what's going to go through so first off first commitment is um if you're going to be successful this you need to be able to open seven to ten hours of time are you willing to do that that's the first question I'm asking him you have the time that you'll put aside if they're not willing to put in put in seven to ten hours a month excuse me a week to change their their situation that person's not going to buy coaching from they're not going to buy whatever you're selling they don't want to put in some time so first commitment is do you have um are you able right now to set aside seven to ten hours will you do that that's the first commitment second commitment now is um is is uh teachable okay we know how this stuff works we've done it for thousands of students over the years we know how it works now my my my commitment to you is um is is you need to be open minded and teachable so that's what I'm trying to do like are you gonna teach me you're coachable you're the kind of person that we can mold even person that fights us every step along the way okay no I'm teachable I'm definitely you know I'm the guy that wants to help okay so they start kind of selling themselves back to you yeah I'm teachable okay good that's the second commitment now the third commitment is an investment okay now it's interesting is this is again everyone's big big um concerns obviously is is uh is how much this is going to cost that's what always comes down to you and what we try to help people understand is the concept of OPM who has ever heard of OPM before other people's money okay you say look right now you got $15,000 in credit card debt that you bought uh you bought your boat on you went on a trip with your wife why how much money is that making you right now well it's not making any money okay so it's costing you money every single month yeah okay well as you know in business it takes money to make money is that correct you guys understand it takes money to make money in business so what we're gonna do is this investment's gonna cost you $10,000 we're gonna put on your credit card dollar credit card now at a you know three percent or whatever percent interest rate your monthly payment on that is going to be $250 a month okay you guys understand $250 a month so this business can make you $250 a month now you're break even you know how many businesses never make it to break even take amazon how many years before they've got to break even all you do is making $250 a month in this business and then you're breaking do you think you can make $250 a month in this business oh yeah something's really easy okay so if you can put $10,000 down on credit it's only costing $250 a month okay you get a point you're making $300 a month now you're making $100 a month a profit out of your business you get the point you're making $500 a month all else makes profit you can go you know and in the $250 a month is just paying down the interest on everything on the credit card okay when you can explain something like that you understand it's an investment every business takes on investments they're gonna franchise on McDonald's someone puts in a million dollars to buy the McDonald's franchise but the money that this is generating pays back the debt pays back everything else like that so you're explaining how opm how other people's money works if you can get them to understand that and and and that makes sense to them the sales process now becomes very simple because it's it's an investment it's not something like their their wife's trip to to beliefs that you had to put in a credit card there's something that's actually going to be able to change your life okay so that's the commitment section and then oh then the fourth commitment here is decision makers we want to make sure that you are the decision maker in in the relationship you don't want to get to the setter and they're like well I got to talk to my wife I got to talk to my son so I gotta you know whatever you want to make sure that that person's decision maker okay so that's how we go through the commitments now at this point the the setter is going to be is going to be coaching someone now on basically okay a few minutes from now I'm going to be handing you off to to the head of coaching and he's gonna see if you're if you're gonna be someone's qualified now I really want you to be on the team so I want to make sure I prepare you as much as possible for this for this kind of interview now these are the questions he's going to be asking you he's going to ask you this now we've talked about that before you told me that you're you're teachable okay he's going to ask you if you're teachable so make sure when you do when when he tells you when he asks you that question make sure to let him know that blah blah blah blah blah blah okay some coach this person now through the the interview process that they're about to go through okay now there's this and there's this as I coach them through the whole thing and it was all done it's okay I'm gonna have I'm gonna have the head of coaching call you back here 15 minutes or or maybe I'm gonna call you in an hour whatever it might be at that point now the setter who's been sitting on the phone with that person for the last hour has a whole list of things he knows what this person's pain points are what their goals are knows what their financial forecasting looks like you know all this information about the person he answers them to the closer the closer gets on the phone hey bob yeah I see that you work at Walmart I see you're struggling right here you know the my only concern with you are you're gonna be coachable is something that you can actually work oh yeah I'm coachable because I can do this this this and this person now starts selling you on why they should join your program okay you see how much of a better sales process that is when they're selling you versus you trying to sell them okay and then and this person starts selling selling them back to the closer okay and the closure goes on sells and sells and sells and then the end of it it's very simple it's a it's a lay down sell that point okay so that's kind of the that's the the coaching process that that we take people through with the script do you see the power behind it though they said you there there sells for in two million bucks a week on on that script alone we were doing about 10 million bucks a year off it it's a very simple process it's not difficult but it's all about figuring out what that person's pain points are what it what's keeping them from what they want and then basically step it up saying we've got something that's going to change life we have something that's going to help you to get to be on where you're stuck right now okay and that's the way it works so that is this that is the script so a lot of people when we were when we were talking about this event that was those are two that the really important things I wanted to share with you guys was the script we used initially get from zero to a million dollars and then from million to 10 million dollars and those are the two scripts you guys can literally use those in pretty much any business any industry you want to see people tweak them and change them for all sorts of things I don't care if you're an offline business an online and info marketer or someone else those scripts will work for you I've seen I have a friend she's uh she's a she's a mom of three or four kids and she did this exact same process all she does on her website she has a free CD she gives away completely free it doesn't charge shipping anything they ask for the name email shipping and phone number she sends out that she personally calls everyone on the phone and she walks them through a very variation in the script she just calls them all and closes them uh $5,000 a piece and she has two or three cells a month and she takes the rest of the month off okay it's a very simple easy process uh you look right now at like uh well I'm not gonna talk about who's using stuff like this but anyway it it works very very well um you can do it by yourself or you can build out a whole staff or a team or you know there's a lot of ways to do it one nice thing about is because the way this whole thing works is uh you know with ours the the sales people are all commission based you can't work from home you can have them working in an office but you don't pay people unless they make unless they make sales unless they make money which is uh always a great way to do it okay all right okay so that's kind of the next evolution now some of you guys know that in the last six months we actually shut down our sales floor we had six about uh between 40 and 60 sales guys on average it kind of always fluctuated about 10 coaches in january we actually shut down our sales floor and i'm sure some of you guys are wondering why would you shut down your sales floor Russell if you're making that amount of money every single week for me there are a couple reasons one um sales floors are kind of a scary thing nowadays just because of fcc regulations and stuff like that and I don't want to be in the business of running whole sales for anymore that on top of management headaches costs all those reasons we decided to kind of pull away from it but I didn't do it until we consciously made a decision what's the next move what's the next big phase what's the where's the future of the internet right now and where we want to be at and um and so that's what a lot of this event's actually you know this event wasn't wasn't planned as well an event was not teach you guys how to do back in phone sales although it's part of it the focus of the event is showing you what's the future where are we trying to go to where uh where are we shifting all of our efforts in as a company where most people who are who are making a lot of money where they're shifting all their time their money their efforts where are we going with stuff that's what i want to talk about right now is it's kind of the next evolution what i think is really the future of of making money online okay now um the future is what some of you guys know is uh what i what i feel is like the biggest thing right now is automated webinars i'm gonna talk about some of that stuff and then we'll do some some more cool things but uh the first thing right first kind of thoughts a lot of people doing webinars we were doing webinars as well we started doing them after tell seminars and uh they're more effective in tell seminars we made more money with them than tell seminars um i said we're the first webinar series we did this was a nightmare don't ever do this by the way we did something it's called the online marketer of the year anyone remember this like four three or four years ago and so we got like i don't know 60 gurus all be part of this right and uh all the gurus had a protest contest and then we did this stuff and then we did a webinar every day for like three or four months it was a nightmare can you imagine a webinar every day for three or four months it was bad so we did this thing though but it was amazing so we everyone's time for this contest and then day number one i did a webinar at the end of the webinar i made 80 000 in sales next day we did another webinar the next day i made 60 000 in sales we split 50 50 day number three another one and over like you know over 90 days they went like this because by like you know day 45 people were like okay so they're gonna tell me something in this webinar and they kind of get the they kind of get the gist um and so we you know it became less and less effective by the end i was so burned out like i didn't even do the webinars last like month and half i don't know my employees do them and i was like if i did another webinar i'm gonna kill myself so i got really burned out of webinars but when all of a sudden that 98 cycle was done we made over a million bucks it was just fantastic like it was it was great so we started webinars and had a lot of success with them and then we started webinars um you know we started a bunch you know just one off webinars we webinar here we make a bunch of money move on next to another webinar make a bunch of money and that was kind of the process we were going through um and then it's kind of funny like maybe i'm slow or something like but so a year and a half about a year and a half ago we developed the software called live webinar replay it was one of the it was actually it was the second i'd ever seen but the first one was that an actual service of like a webinar software that you create an automated webinar with you should run these webinars so we made the service we sold it and it sold all right but it didn't sell great i think it was like a little like premature for its time and so i kind of stopped focusing energy on it i'm like no one really wanted right now i'm not going to focus a lot of energy on it and uh but i i went and i used that webinar i set up this automated webinars happening every hour on the hour selling people into my one of my network marketing programs which um one of my programs is called send out cards and so it was happening every single month every single hour on the hour this live automated webinars happening so we were generating leads and then um our our down line would call them up and say okay we're wrestling in the webinar and oh my gosh in 15 minutes you need to be on it every hour on the hour this new webinar is happening it doesn't matter what time of the day it was and we send people to when we build a whole down line to send out cards i became an executive made a bunch of money with standout cards i haven't this live webinar happening 24 hours a day okay it was really really good um and then it was just been happening back it's still running right now like he doesn't want to go see it i can send you the url it's going to be starting here in about 30 minutes um it's a really great presentation but uh uh anyway it works great and then i just kind of like stopped focusing on it because i was like on the next thing and um in the next 18 months if you look back in the last 18 months um there are people that have developed some amazing software that runs these things and i just kind of like stopped focusing on doing all this other stuff we're doing webinars after webinars and then um about man about it was last summer last summer we have a high in mastermind group people pay 18 000 should be part of and uh somebody has no kevin wilkie kevin wilkie's in my mastermind group we're at a place called pirates cove down in vegas which is uh the guys that own new skin have this huge pirate house they built down there in vegas it's amazing it's it's like over 100 000 square feet of home and then it's on it's on side of a mountain there's waterfall it's like heaven on earth um if you're you've been there it's it's amazing the greatest place on earth um my kids still like every night we go to pirates house again dad they love it um greatest place in the world so we have our mastermind groups down there because they're really just fun and exotic and everything and so um i sit in the hot tub with kevin wilkie and if you guys know his business model he basically has a webinar it's not like a true automated webinar but it kind of is like when we promoted it he basically said sent me an email and said k russell i need you to record these five sentences so i recorded hey kevin thanks so much for being on the webinar let's get started and then oh kevin that's a great idea and then there's like five or six lines i recorded the audio for him and i sent it back to him and he took that took his webinar he spliced in my little audio clips in the webinar and set it up live and it's okay these days promote it and then it was this webinar that was it wasn't like a real automated webinar but kind of was okay and it went on and it sold a bunch of things and um anyway we promoted at the end of the webinar we ended up making like 30 grand on it he made 30 which made like 60 000 and sales we pocketed 30 grand off it and i was like that's a pretty sweet deal and then he basically said hey in six months now let's try let's do the webinar again i'm like okay so we made a bunch of money but it was like again a one-time thing and kind of we got the cash and then we left and disappeared again so i'm sitting there talking to kevin and uh and i'm talking about his webinar he should tell me the numbers behind the whole thing i'm just like blown away he's making so much money with this stupid webinar um just crazy money and it was interesting he told me a time this is actually how i met dustin and davie because um we'll meet them soon um i'm sitting the hot tub with him and he said yeah i just hired these guys named dustin and davie they run a company in fact uh their pictures are on there but seven figures speaking empire he's like these guys are the best um um webinar scriptures in the world he said uh davie again you guys meet davie either today or tomorrow uh he's still in a company called foreclosures daily and they were doing i think he said 200 seminars a month he was like doing 10 or 15 seminars a day he was like on the stage boom and closing go next stage boom and closing so he started building this whole huge company doing these seminars and he got so good he was just closing people like him like a machine and they wanted to grow the company obviously and to grow a company like that you can't be on the stage 10 you know 10 12 15 times a day so we ended up building a whole presentation that was just like clockwork like he could give to any dude train him on the script and then gotta get there and boom same closing percentages so he got a whole team of people he just perfected this this uh this pitch with in the system they went out there and made million like tens of millions of dollars uh with this one pitch okay and had it perfected like word for every word was scripted out perfectly okay and so what kevin did basically said so these guys what they do is they come in and you bring in your webinar they take your entire webinar they delete the whole thing and they start over slide by slide and they write your entire presentation scripted word for word for word out and he's like the average person will have a good webinar making like a hundred dollars per attendee he's like bill re-scripted and he'll come back with a webinar making you 200 to 250 dollars per attendee and he's like i'm flying down there next next week i'm gonna have these guys build out my whole presentation i was like holy crap so i called up like kevin i was at pirate's cove in the hot tip he got on his cell phone he emailed uh dustin and dave and me connected us i got on the phone i'm like hey i want to fly down i want you guys to rebuild one of my webinars and like okay uh this is in august it's the k our first thoughts our first openings in december i say what he's like yeah our first openings in december i'm like are you kidding me in december like this is august i can't get in next week or you know months from now and first opening was in december they were so booked out right in all the time they had uh last year they they had rebuilt like a hundred different speakers presentations and all of them just like amazing results from it so so i got excited about this because willky went through had had them rebuild the webinar so i ended going out in december they rebuilt the whole webinar for me um we launched it had some just amazing results with it and so um so that's kind of goes back into like the webinar thing i started getting more and more excited about these webinars now who here knows rich cheffrin okay rich cheffrin was also in in our mastermind group and um the year prior and the year prior we're sitting in pyrus co and i remember um brian his uh his partner in the time got up and he has this huge white board of stuff he's like we're building out this automated webinar and this is how it's going to work and he's like builds it is like all these trees and this big huge graph it's like if they sign up through here they're gonna go and this they're gonna get this email sequence and they leave here when you get this email sequence and mapped out this it was amazing but i was just like holy crap mike that's just weird that's that's way too much work for me to ever want to do so i kind of just discounted it as like this kind of annoying thing right so this is uh so this is um so this is all kind of a process of things that are happening so then i go down to dust and day if i spend the day down there and then uh i see cheffrin this event just a little while ago and i was like i was like i hadn't seen you like two years dude what happened to you like you just just if you guys know it's like he's just disappeared like he's behavior he's just gone and uh and i'm like so what what's happening and you know like what he's been doing he's kind of laughs and he's just like they're also laid off most of my staff he's like that one automated webinar he's like changed my whole business he said that at the time he was doing had big business you're doing launches all the time he's like they they were got a point similar to the same situation i've been in like two or three times now we had too much staff it's cost too much money he's like we're just good point where it's just too much so he's like we sat down and said we want to build something simple it's automated it always works doesn't require us to do stuff it's just it the whole process just works so we mapped it out we built the whole thing out we launched it he's like it just works he's like they sell a three thousand dollar product on the webinar i said they're averaging three and ten sales a day and what's amazing about is they're not getting insane amounts of of traffic to me it's like we're out on average we're getting about two to three hundred people to register for the event today not that much okay i started doing the numbers i'm like hey three thousand dollars times three that's that's how much is that who knows math nine grand a day up to thirty grand a day off of this automated webinar okay so then i started talking to brian who was his partner at the time he just left rich is off he started working for another company and i was asking him like i'm like so you know webinars doing good he's like yeah he's like we haven't seen rich in months he's like he may he may swing in once i want to say hi and then leaves he's like we're just here at the office we don't do a lot either it just works we used to come in every day and look at the process like how can we make it a little better let's try to change out that headline they'll tweak a headline like okay we're done let's go back to the beach and they're they're done for the day but that was their whole business was having this webinar just tweaking things and changing things and making it better and better and better and a year and a half two years later that whole webinar is running their entire business okay so i was like i got really excited so i called him up and i was like after that i said rich i want to fly down into your office to see what you're doing so i flew down there and sent these show me the whole business is all mapped out just beautiful he's about that time i'm like calling my buddy's like yes see what rich is doing like he's not talking about it but this is amazing what he's doing and i called up called up uh mike philson i was talking about it and mike just kind of laughed he's like russ i laid off like 30 staff members last week i'm like you did i didn't know you laid off 30 people so i laid off 30 people he's like i went down to cheffron's office we built uh we mapped up my whole webinar we launched the whole thing and he's like he's like that's on my whole business he like he had all this like side business if you guys know mike philson he had like 50 000 side businesses all these partners they have they're doing this and this and he just like went back to partners that i'm making good money with this but i'm done just take it back you can keep all the money you shut off all these other things shut down almost his entire business laid off most of his staff he's got one webinar right now that's all he does it's all he focuses on okay and uh the thing is making the same amount of money so i kind of got sold in this thing like okay i've got a webinar that's amazing i've got the best guys world scripting it out now i'm just going to figure out how to build this whole process because that's what i want my life to i'm tired of having 60 sales guys selling high and stuff i don't have one webinar it does the whole process for me okay so we started going out there and that's uh that's where the gist of this whole event came from is we wanted to kind of share this whole this whole process with you guys now it's interesting you look at the numbers like um the numbers on this whole business are really exciting we've had a chance to work behind the scenes on a lot of people that are doing these right now uh we've been promoting a lot of them as affiliate we're rolling out our first new one in this whole system in about two weeks from now which is just going to be the most amazing thing in the world but you look at right now look at these automated webinars um someone's coming in and on average on the low end we're getting about 50 dollars for each person who registers for a webinar okay and then they show up for the for the event and people who actually show up were averaging 150 to 200 dollars for actually show up okay so it means 50 dollars for every person that registers okay let me say again 50 dollars for every person who registers for an event okay now look at a typical internet marketing business who here drives traffic like ppc through facebook or something like that okay how much do you guys on average spend to get an opt-in to like to through a squeeze page who here would know some of their metrics their numbers about a dollar for an opt-in that's a great cost actually um some niches you're paying five 10 15 bucks an opt-in now in any other business model that is very difficult sustained okay if i'm paying five bucks for an opt-in okay and i sell the 27 product on the next page i guess a lot of them or if i'm selling continuity program free plus shipping type thing i gotta have that person off for three or four months before i'm gonna make my money back or i'm gonna have a big call center all these different things that happening okay you come back to this and you're getting 50 dollars per register that means i can spend up to 49 dollars to acquire one person to register for my webinar okay how does that change the metrics of your business okay change them dramatically now you can spend a lot more money to acquire a customer because you've got no overhead no staff plus this thing's converting great it's making a lot of money okay so this is the process i'm gonna be taking you guys through over the next um the next couple days is how to create this this process so that you can you can build something like this when you plug someone in you're averaging 30 40 50 60 100 dollars for every person registered so you can do that this whole game this whole business changes now it just comes back to okay i can spend 10 dollars per opt-in on facebook okay you look at like if you go to facebook right now you want to know why every single if you type if you ever typed in the internet marketing your entire life i'm guessing most of you guys probably have if you notice that rich shifrin's ads on every page of everything you've ever been to frank cernes ads on every page of everything you ever go to facebook okay the reason why is because they're making so much money on this they can drop 10 20 30 dollars for one opt-in and and get it and they're paying a lot less than that by by the way so they are keeping a lot of profit as well okay um okay so basically that again that's that's the the process this week and we're going to be focusing on a lot with you guys um tonight i have a session i think at five o'clock tonight where i'm actually going to be mapping out here's the whole process the same thing that brian mapped out on the whiteboard for us a pirate scope i'm mapping out exactly what our new one looks like um all the process where people go to step in one step number two all the trees all the thing that's all tonight's presentation gonna be that um that alone that should give you guys enough um ideas and and content to make the whole trip worthwhile for you guys that's gonna be the focus of my my presentation tonight is building out this whole thing building out the webinar okay now what we want to do is i i structure this whole week and when i first came down with the idea and i bought the domain name seven figure shortcut i got so excited i'm like that's such a cool domain name and then i decided whole event based on that that concept um i said okay if i can map out like my dream team of like people who speak this event um who would those people be and i'm listening on a whiteboard exactly who all those people would be start calling them and the best thing about every single person i called said yes you guys have like my dream team of people who i'd want this event people who i invited um first off i want to make a good experience for you but second off because i wanted to take notes on what they're talking about uh that's who we brought in to be part of this so let me show you kind of what the process is going to be this weekend um what's going to be happening um first off today dustin's going to be speaking to you guys twice today dustin's one of my my partners we did a whole event like a month ago together great guy great marketer he's going to be talking a lot about like building building the brand of you building like your info process i kind of understand that whole part so you've got something you've got kind of the stuff that goes into this whole thing okay tomorrow uh his partner dave the guy who's doing 200 seminars a month he's going to be spending two whole sessions with you guys mapping out your webinar presentation slide by side helping us understand exactly what to put in there and why make sure you're here taking insane notes because there's no one better in the world than dave at that at scripting out presentations they stripped out over 100 people's last year all those people are guys like this robert alan okay kelly will nail me um this guy here greg davis is one of our mastermind groups gray came these guys they mapped out a presentation form they threw the presentation up he only got 155 people that to attend his webinar and from that if you look at the testimony here they they sold um 14 people at 15 grand a piece from at the event okay who thinks that you could get 155 people to show up to a webinar okay if you have a script like this you can close something like that imagine that's that's uh what's the math on that 210 000 bucks from one webinar from 155 attendees okay that's the kind of crap these guys are going to teach you that's not cool okay i hope so because i paid him $10 000 of fly to their office to do it and it's worth every penny and more okay so they're going to be focusing on on the scripting so after you've got this thing built you've got you've got kind of created your info price you've created um you've created the entire webinar script you've got the whole webinar built out the next thing is you need to have a back end thing that's actually you can actually sell okay it's great having a webinar where you're selling $10 000 thing on the back end but if you don't have $10 000 thing on the back end you're kind of stuck so one of my friends name's pete he's going to be here i think tonight or tomorrow he's going to be speaking i think on saturday actually speaking about how to build out your high-end coaching program he's built out if you look at any of the back end coaching programs a lot of the big markers a lot of the big online launches right now he built out the entire like training curriculum for those guys so he's ensuring that's how to build out the whole curriculum all the back end stuff so there's going to be really cool presentation right there so actually you've got that whole thing built now the only thing you know this something you guys can build out next week two weeks have it all done and finished after that all you sit back in your business becomes how can i drive traffic to fill in this funnel for my automated webinar so sat back and said enough who if i could have the best um people in the world come speak here who would it be so the first person uh is going to be speaking to you he's going to be speaking tonight his name's scott rewick and i think i saw him poking his head in here a minute ago scott is um this dude knows more about driving traffic online than anyone i've ever met in my life he spent over a hundred million dollars in his own driving ads online doing huge huge huge media buys so i've put in the together i'm like if i can get scott to come speak this would be the most amazing thing in the world there's no one in the world better than him they're driving mass insane amounts of traffic like talking about billions and billions of impressions and click-throughs uh he's the best in the world so he's going to be speaking later on tonight about how he does it with mass traffic so don't miss that session because again he's going to be just focusing on how to blow one of these things up okay if you want to get 100 registrants a day or thousand or 2000 or 5000 he's going to show you how to scale that very very rapidly he's got a very powerful systematic process so that's what scott's going to be talking about let's see and then tomorrow afternoon one of my really close friends her name is rachel jackson she's going she's going to be flying in and she um she's like the social um social queen like she is a whole program called social list building she's been going through with you guys um i met her actually she was in my network marketing pro company but i didn't know who she was at the time i know as i've seen her ads all over on facebook she's a really pretty girl i get seen those ads you know so the ones like just pops out you always see her face everywhere she's like the pretty girl on every page you go to anyway and i was in an event she walks up to me i'm like you look really familiar how do i know you she's like if you're on facebook you've seen my face everywhere i'm like that's how i know you anyway she's great at building up these huge uh lists using facebook using youtube using all the social media stuff to drive people into events and stuff like she's been talking about that whole process so she's coming tomorrow afternoon um after that uh one of my main man's mike taggart who's right here in the audience he's gonna be speaking about um if you guys ever if anybody's bought the darksided.com secrets he's the man behind the the scenes that runs all that he's one of the most fascinating guys you'll meet uh great teachers i'm showing you all like the the the the cool ways to get traffic from the search engines that aren't like your typical let's get a bunch of backlinks it's more like the the more fun uh aggressive hyper growth type stuff to get traffic from the search engines can we talk about tomorrow and then on uh on saturday one of my buddies luke jaden who i've actually never met in person yet i've talked on the phone a bunch of times he's the postcard king i met him because i bought his product on how to do postcard marketing um just amazing product um anyway he he uh he drives these little tiny postcards drops in the mail and drives insane amounts of leads um we're starting to do a bunch of postcard mail right now for all of our um automated webinars things like that because they just work so great you buy a list of buyers who've already bought something similar in the last 30 days drop some postcards you get just amazing uh registrants and attendees so he's gonna be showing his whole postcard system which is just gonna be that's one of the session i'm really excited for i'm gonna be taking notes like crazy um after that patrick coffee patrick sessions really cool anyone here ever heard of agora publishing okay you guys probably heard and they did early to rise your bunch of other stuff michael masterson's the the owner of the company uh they they are on track to do a billion dollars in sales of info products this year a billion with the b okay just crazy numbers and patrick used to be the media buyer for their company that's why i met him he actually came to an event um as an attendee and i met him and uh at the time he was buying all the online email ads for these guys buying ads in in uh in big online newsletters like fox news and and all these publishing companies and he showed me he was doing it was just i was blown away so i actually hired him the time i paid him five thousand dollars he flew out for it in my office and sat down with me and showed me everything they were doing and um that was one of the that's right now my my number two personal traffic strategy we drive the second most amount of traffic is by doing this patrick's guy taught it to me so i was like patrick can you please come to vent i want you guys to i want you guys to kind of show him now patrick's not like a public speaker he doesn't sell anything he doesn't he's just kind of a guy that does it so he's gonna be showing exactly how he does it i'm excited to have him here he's a he's a stud you guys are gonna love him so that's patrick um and then and then fred katona i thought saw in the back there fred's down here in the back fred is the guy that drives more um radio ads i think anyone i've ever met in the history of the world um he's right now driving driving ads like mike philson's web and our bunch so um when i was first talking to him on the phone he was telling me said this is i'm probably going to ruin your thunder this is like the greatest thing i got so excited he's talking he said rustle this is how it works we take your ad and run it in a local marketplace and we're going to run it and do some tests and tweak it as soon as it works you're going to get a phone call from me the next day basically telling you that you're rich beyond your wildest dreams i was like i want to do that sounds really really good because the nice thing about radio that's different than the online like you get you take something local and you test it locally till it starts working and soon it works like let's say in boy's the idaho and i'm getting i'm making you know thousand bucks a day in boy's the idaho i can get that out and i can run it across the whole country across the whole world and he's gonna show you exactly how he does that and it's it's just fascinating all the guys who do automated webinars now are going to frank he's building out the the radio campaigns for him now um which is really nice he brings brand new blood into all of your funnels that you're not going to get online uh so really powerful stuff as well so that is kind of the the lineup over the next three days um all of us everyone that's that's here is i've been is putting in a thousand percent because we want to make sure this is going to be the greatest event in the world for you guys make sure you're you're here and you're participating actively as well make sure you're taking notes make sure you're talking to speakers just make sure you're here in the room um the more you are the the better value you're obviously going to get out of this but this is the kind of stuff that can literally change life who here right now um is doing some kind of webinars okay um i want to ask one gets i want to get like some social proof so you guys get a little more excited so everyone who's doing a webinar now stand up i'm i'm going to ask you on your last or how about this the best webinar you've ever done how much money did you make on that webinar okay how are you well i'm actually great davis's partner i was a guy from the city so we actually got a couple more sales this happened just like two weeks ago oh yeah should i edit on the poster i can change the numbers on awesome two hundred ten thousand dollars give him a round of applause that's nice awesome here wants to webinar makes two hundred ten thousand dollars awesome hey michael um from about twenty thousand on the webinar but then i utilized awesome give him a round of applause here eight thousand eight thousand bucks give him a round of applause eight thousand dollars tonight here that's your best that's it i'm joking if you guys know dav davis uh david's like a broker of webinars he goes out there because it's not your webinar right you're doing this with yeah so he goes finds people the webinar sets the whole thing up and starts brokering it he's getting cut off the middle of all these different webinars sixty thousand bucks a night not too bad give him a round of applause okay back here twelve thousand dollars round of applause if so makes twelve thousand dollars a night how can you not give him a round of applause seriously that's awesome okay back here five thousand dollars give him a round of applause alex i did for a client uh new speaker i was on point five dollars did a hundred fifty five thousand dollars he fell fifty four awesome round of applause for alex back here i would give you more information but just as it was the greatest number we've heard so far had five hundred eight people all these webinars sold twenty two set up for two hundred dollars uh this is one five hundred it's only twenty five grand in a night come on give him a round of applause that's awesome back here awesome give him a round of applause for that awesome round of applause for that okay we did four that is awesome okay twelve thousand bucks give him a hand that's here awesome okay good good okay my goal for you guys over the next three days is make these eight thousand dollars twenty thousand two hundred that all these big payday thing happening systematically all the time twenty four hours a day whether you're there or not my whole thing i spent the last probably you know three or four years trying to build a big use company i had over a hundred employees at one time we had this big use thing it was great from a significant standpoint overhead standpoint was a nightmare my whole new philosophy in life is how can we build something that doesn't require people doesn't require time doesn't require anything outside just a couple hours a day to make to make happen to drive new new uh new blood into the top of the funnel that's really my goal from this event if i can leave giving you guys that information those tools um then i'll think it's been a success um i think the biggest thing you know if you if you guys can can follow this this step by step system talking about build that one webinar you can get a use folks on the hundred subscribers or hundred opted hundred registrants a day i mean it's crazy but rich cheffron now is getting um three percent of people registered for this webinar to pay him three thousand dollars so hundred hundred registrants a day is not hard to get okay i don't care how bad you are internet marketing or driving traffic you get a hundred people to register for your event a day and you make nine thousand dollars for that um you can do that all day long if you're bad at ppc if you're bad at facebook if you're bad at those ads if you blow money because you're an idiot you can still make money with it which is great for all of us people like me it gets up um so that's the game plan anyway um we're going to take a quick break right now and then i think uh dustin's going to be talking as afterwards but i just want to have everyone give yourselves a round of applause for being here besides this event