Russell Brunson and Dotcom Secrets present Affiliate Evolution. Alright, so where do we want to go first? Do you want to kind of go with the basic outline that you gave me or? Yeah, definitely. We're trying to make sure we covered everything. Yeah, I mean, we'll be able to do that. Do you want to talk about the airplane for real quick? Yeah. Okay. I mean, it really depends. The one thing is, is only to get your license, to kind of go from there, and in order to get your license, you have to get about 40 hours of flight time. The average individual gets about 65. But if you did, you went two or three times a week, and you can have your license in less than six months. Yeah, you go in for a couple of hours. You'll be good on that. And then regarding depending on how much it costs, it really depends because if you're going to fly it yourself, there's only certain planes that you can really, there's certain planes you can fly just because based on your ratings and your, I mean, the hours you have and stuff like that. So, you know, the planes that, like, especially when you have your private and you don't have anything else, you're really looking at the planes that you're going to probably be looking at are going to cost between, depending, and it's going to cost between like, $35,000 to about $200,000. Just so you know, now if you, that's if you want to get a used one, a new one can go up to about a half a million dollars once you can fly. But just so you know, I mean, just tell you when it comes to planes, new plane, there's really, a new plane is like, it's not like a car. Planes are not like cars at all. They actually are like more like a home, like the way, or like I would kind of do it in a sense that when you get a plane, it actually, it doesn't, you know, as soon as you fly it off, it doesn't decrease the, you know, you don't lose any value in it. And actually every two years, I think mine goes up about 20%. So yeah, I mean, it's really, it's a good investment. I mean, you can get, you can get a loan on one, and there's something to think about. Now I pay cash for mine, but you can get a loan on one, and really you get a loan on one, and it's just like a house loan. You get a 30 year, like a mortgage on it pretty much. 30 years, you won't be paying much, maybe $1,000 a month, or not even that. I mean, maybe like $500 a month just to have it. And then, you know, of course, when you sell it, then you just kind of like just sell your house. So, I mean, there's, you know, different financing stuff like that, and they're really good. If you are interested in financing stuff like that, I got some guys that I've talked to that are really good that, you know, they understand entrepreneurs, and so it's not like, you don't have to have a W-2 with them. They'll go in, they'll look at, they know what to look at in your books to, you know, know you have money, especially like with me. Like I play, I have all of their companies. I mean, I have more, well, I have three companies that I kind of mainly run off of, but we really have like 10 different entities. So, we're moving money back and forth, and he kind of, he like went through there, and he figured out what the hell we're really doing, because we don't want to kill in taxes. So, they understand that kind of stuff, and I know who to talk to, and stuff like that if you need it. Okay. Do you fly yourself then everywhere? You're on the pilot? Yep. I fly myself and actually have my pilot. Actually, my pilot went to one of your classes, Matt Tanner, I don't know if you know him. Which one of our things did he go to? Oh, did he come to our, yeah, the affiliate thing. Okay, cool. Matt Tanner, and he has an e-book, and actually he said if you just, if you email him, he'll email you his e-book, and it talks about all the things you need to do for flying. He sells like, you know that on there. Yeah, he's the one, he actually did all the negotiations and got my plane. He did everything for me now, but I've hired him, like he was my flight instructor, and then I just hired him full-time. I said, you know, because he was only making, you know, they don't make much money. Just so you know, flight instructors make nothing. We're talking about maybe $20 per flight, and that's how many ever they get. So, I mean, I think like two years ago, he only made like $14,000. So, Armand and I were talking, and Armand was like, well, you just put him on your payroll and pay him more than that, and have him work for you. And I was like, oh, that's a great idea. So now we fly together everywhere we go. So I fly to like Vegas, and I'll fly to, I fly to LA, fly to Vegas, and fly all over. Now, mine's not, you know, my plane, the one I got is a little more complex. It's more of a complex airplane. It's a lot faster. And, you know, just because I have him with me, I can do that. And plus, he signed me off, and he's my flight instructor too, so he just signed me off until I can fly it, because it's just a lot more complex than, you know, instead of four cylinders or six, mine's eight. So, and it's, yeah, it's really nice because, you know, you want to get some of that extra airspeed. When you're going, it's really nice, because I can get, I can leave here. Like, if you were at my office right now, and you, and both of us said, okay, you're going to fly commercial to LA, and I'm going to fly my plane, I would beat you, just because you have to go through, you know, all the security and all that shit. So I would still beat you, just because I don't have to go through that stuff. And they treat you like, like one thing I'll just let you know when you're flying around, I mean, do that at different airports, they treat you like gold, and you, like, they'll come over, they'll, they'll, like, try to, you know, a golf cart over, pick you up, pick you up in a car, if you rented it from there, they'll bring their car over there under your baggage and stuff, they'll move your plane for you, they'll fill it up, and they won't even accept, I try to, like, tip them, and they never want to get tips. They say, that's our service, that's what we do for you. So it's really cool, and you get to meet some amazing people when you're flying, they're a really cool community. How much does it cost to go to fly from, like, from your office to LA? Is it pretty expensive? Pretty much it costs me, I mean, I look at more, I mean, that's one thing you'll realize, especially when you have a plane, that's more than just fuel costs. I actually, I look at fuel plus, you look at maintenance, because you kind of want to add all that in there, it costs you about maybe about $80, $90 an hour to fly it. But depending on the, yeah, depending on your plane, you can look at, you know, $40 to $100 an hour of fuel costs. You know, it's not too bad. I mean, think about it, I can get, I have, Drew and I have an office down in Florida, I'll fly down there, it takes me about 45 minutes to an hour to get down to them, and, you know, that's $100. So it's $200, and I'm going down there and meet with them, meet with my team, and then fly back, and, you know, I do it once a month. And the same thing, like, Armand and I are starting, I'm actually starting a wholesale floor for Armand, and, you know, Armand, I fly, I'm flying to Raleigh to go meet Armand, and then I'm flying over to, you know, Stephen Pierce has an airport right next to him, you know, so you can go, I mean, really the cool thing is you go anywhere you want, you can't land at, like, three airports you can't land at, it's LAX, you can't land at Atlanta, there might be another one, but there's an airport right next to it that you can land at, so it doesn't matter. So, it's really cool, I mean, it's a really fun thing if you ever want to do it. That's awesome. Well, cool. When you started selling floor for Armand? For his new Freedom Factor. Okay. Yeah, actually I got ads on the paper right now, I got three interviews next week. For, uh, callers? Yeah, for, uh, for, well I call them strategists or, you know, basically closers, that's all they are to me, is closers, so internally we call them closers, but to the world they're called strategists, you know, from there. Well, we'll get that, I mean, start back in the beginning before we get in the call center stuff so we can, you know, kind of go through everything, but, um, cool, well that's getting, I was wondering about that, because we, I have a buddy who flies planes here right now, so I was just curious about the same kind of thing he is doing, but that's pretty cool. Alright, first thing I was going to talk about was just the traffic you're getting to your free CD pages and stuff. Yep. You talk about pay per click and press releases a little bit, like how many, how much a month are you actually getting from those two sources? Like, which are our goals, I guess? Well, typically we're getting about, um, about 119 a week from pay per click, 19 CDs. So these are, these are paid, and you know, I don't know, when you're sending out DVDs and stuff like that, are they paying for me to shipping them out for free? It's free with like $5 shipping or $290 shipping. Okay, so yeah, we pretty much have, I mean, if we're not doing a promotion, like we're doing a, you know, a typical promotion of everything that's running in, typically from just pay per clicks alone, we're getting about 119 CDs a week through there. And let me tell you actually what we're doing just so that you kind of see how this is even happening. Where I drive all my traffic to from my pay per click, I don't drive them to the free CD page. I drive them straight to just a squeeze page to my newsletter, and then behind the squeeze page to my newsletter, they're signing up there. I'm just, they're just landing on the CD page. So how many are actually, how many are signed into newsletter versus the pay per click then? Yeah, we'll have, yeah, we typically have about 500, 500 a week on average, about 500 people a week coming through pay per click, signing up for the newsletter. And then 119 of them will convert. We have, our seller we're using right now is converting at 28%. Awesome. And then that's the seller for the CD or for the squeeze page? What do you mean? The, no, that's for the CD page. Okay. Yeah, so 500 people go, 500 people land on it, and then 28% of them will convert. So like they go in, they sign up, and then as soon as they sign up, they're going straight, they're landing straight on the CD page. Instead of going to like, thank you very much for signing up for my newsletter or whatever, they're going straight to the page. Okay, cool. Now, you know, Adam does your, I don't know if he does all your press releases, he's trying to sell me on his press release service. Yeah. He's throwing your name around. So he's like, we're doing two a day for, for you. Is that we really doing two press releases a day? Yeah, my, our thing now, and we're doing our big goal, we used to do one a week, and then we got to, we're doing, well, we started off doing one a month, then we did, started doing one a week. Now we're doing, yeah, two a day. And the reason, or the reason for that is I had a guy that came to my class, listen to one of my CDs, and he said that he took my article strategy, just turned, you know, because we submit two articles a day. And so he did the same thing with press releases. And all of a sudden he said, within 30 days, for every single keyword that he focused on, he's, you know, in the front page of all the search engines. So just through press releases alone. So, you know, from that, I was like, well, okay, I mean, I'm, I think it's like $1,800 or whatever I'm paying him, to do it for me, but it's well worth, you know, getting him out there, let's just see what happens. And I'll just tell you, I just had, actually, Dana, just go look, see if he is submitting him, because I don't know what the deal was, but he hasn't started submitting him yet. So he might have just started today or yesterday, but I haven't seen anything coming off of what he's doing. The problem with it is though, with the press releases, you really can't track the results. And we're not really looking at, you know, we're not tracking the CD, because we're really looking at more from the search engine perspective, because we're taking the words, you know, turning, you know, some of the keywords on the press releases and turning them to hyperlinks and having come back to our pages. You drive people from your press release to your newsletter sign up or to the CD pages? Most of them, pretty much, my most strategy and the whole thing is getting one of the newsletter sign up. And then from there, they automatically bounce to the CD page. So you're not even selling the CD in the press release at all, or? No, no. No, because what we're doing, I mean, now to tell you exactly what we're doing is we submit two articles a day. So two articles a day are getting submitted. We're taking those same articles, they're having them turning those articles into press releases, and then submitting them out there. You rewrite them at all or just convert them a little bit? Well, they're rewriting them for us. Yeah, well, we got in trouble. Well, we just started doing it, and we got, you know, banned, well, not really banned. They just stopped us and said, you can't say you, I, this, all this crap in there. So they stopped us multiple different times. So you got, yeah, PRWeb, PRWeb. They're submitting at PRWeb. They're showing two a day at PRWeb, and plus they got like 10 locations, free locations they're submitting to too. Okay. Besides press releases articles and paper click, how else do you drive in traffic to those exact kinds of main strategy? No, I mean, a lot of things that we're doing, I mean, the main strategy is for the CD itself, the one thing that we're doing, I mean, there's three biggest ways that we're doing it, and if we kind of, you know, looked at for all three of my companies, the three biggest ways we're getting traffic to the sites, articles, Google, and joint ventures. And then the big thing is, and here's the trick to it all. This is where we really get a lot, but nobody knows we're even doing it this way, so it's kind of like one of those hidden things. But if you notice, I do tele-seminar pretty much every single week, and behind the tele-seminar sign-up page, so when they go to the page, they sign up for the tele-seminar, I have them land on the CD page. So every, like for example, we're doing a tele-seminar this week. I had, we had 200 CDs just from the tele-seminar sign-ups. So it's... That's from your own list or from your partner's list? From my own list, and from partners too, because if they're driving them to our page, then we always put it behind there too. Huh. Okay. We did that with the tele-seminar through our DVD on the Zanky page, and it gave about 150 or so of ours, so that works good. Yeah, it works really good. But do you know what your profit per person who's buying a CD is about? Yeah. If you look at it, well, okay, here's the thing. If we're doing... I used to have a fulfillment company that does it for me. When I was doing them, I had about $1.27 left over. They were charging about $4.50 per thing getting out there, and that's basically their tail-in shipping, their handling everything. You know, confirmation, putting all the stuff in there, putting the labeling and putting in the bag or whatever, putting in the package and all that stuff. Now we're down to... Now pretty much it costs us about $1.73 to get it out. So I mean, typically, if we're selling it for $5.77, you know, what is that? We're making $4 bucks or whatever off it. But let me tell you something that we've been testing, and it really has been working a lot. Now, I usually don't tell this to my clients just because they're using our fulfillment company. I'll say this to you, but what we did is we dropped down... we dropped our shipping and handling down to $2.95, and it's really... Well, one, of course, we got an increase in the conversion, and that's why I think we just seem to jump up to about 28%, because typically we're seeing about $17.18. And so that jumped it up, but here's the other thing, too, is another pain in the ass problem we used to have as people would start griping, like, well, why would it pay $5.77, and I thought, you know, it's like, I know it only costs $0.39 to put a stamp on it. You know, that kind of bull crap that you dealt with. Now, so dropping it down to $2.95 or $2.97, we don't have any complaints whatsoever. See, I think we actually talked about that when we were setting ours up, because we were like, I wonder why you're not charging $5.00, and yours is $2.97, and so we did ours the same way, just because of that. Yeah, but that's why we did it, just because you get rid of it. I mean, because, you know, a lot of the good buyers are always bitching it anyway. So, I mean, the big thing is, is just we wanted to get that hit. One, we didn't want to deal with the complaining, and two, they couldn't understand. You know, it does cost, you know, I said, look, you know, I'm going to pay the girl to do it, you know, she gets $10 an hour, it does it all, plus, you know, all the other stuff. I mean, there's shipping and handling, you know, you have to get it out the door. So, yeah. But it costs us about, with postage and stuff like that, it costs, you know, like I said, $1.73, about a dollar to get, that's the dollar for the CD, to burn the CD, the packaging, all the bonuses that we add in it, and then also about $0.73 is what we're paying on domestic postage. And that's not only just, that's just postage, that's also email confirmation. So, we get confirmation to know where, we know, or tracking, I'm sorry, but tracking. So, we actually send them an email saying that it has been shipped and then it also lets us, gives us, you know, lets us know where it's at so we can track that it has been delivered and stuff like that. Cool. Do you know your, like your lifetime value, or your average lifetime value of a customer who buys a CD? Well, I will, I haven't really looked into that. The reason being is we've been doing it for about two years and I should really look at it, but I do, I mean, I want numbers, I do know, for every person, for every CD that we sell, we typically get about 70% of the people signed up for a strategy session. All of those will get about 80 to 90% of the people show up for the strategy session. Once we get them on the phone, we're selling one, we used to sell one out of every 16. We started adding in a direct mail campaign afterwards if they said no and it jumped us up to one out of every eight. So, one out of every eight sale, or one out of every eight people that we get on the phone with, we're closing between $5,500 and $3,500. Really? Wow. Because actually the numbers that you heard on that thing, that was one out of 16. I think it was right after that campaign I sat down and I was like, you know, this is kind of ridiculous. How can we, the biggest problem that you're going to find is when you get on the phone with them and they're talking to them on the phone and they say no, then what is the reason you can get back in front of them? And you know, what do you do to call up, say, oh, you know, I just want to see if you change your mind. You know, that doesn't really work all the time. So, what we did is we sat down and actually I sat down and I said, okay, how in the hell can I get back in front of these people that will be a great way to do it? So, what we did was, and what we did was we took, we got a postcard and I put my saying I always use as you rock, so the front of the postcard says you rock and on the back of it, we took a picture of each of our, it's your guys on the floor, so we have each guy on our floor has their own postcard that goes out the door. And what it says is hey, you know, in handwriting, now in handwriting, but it's not like we don't handwrite it every time, but it looks like it's handwriting when they get it. It says, hey, I really enjoy talking to you on the phone. Please check the mailbox. In the next few days, get your free gift in a big envelope with an eagle on it. And then it says like to Vaughan or whoever it is. And then it says Matt Bay Sacks, Internet Millionaire Intensive where they get the domain again. We'll ship that to them and then two days later, they're going to receive a package. It's a big package with the, you know, the red with an eagle on it. Inside there is a copy, what we did is we put a copy of my book. You know, my book in there. And then also we put, the next thing that goes in there is the sales letter of the actual thing that we're offering them. And then after that we have, you know, testimonials, just the snack testimonials. Then we put in the land attractions. So we went and said, you know, what are all the attractions in the land that people, you know, why would somebody else want to come here besides that? We put in a nice little land attractions and then we put the order form. And the order form is at the highest ticket price that we offer. But when they're on the phone, usually what we find is once they read the book or once they get that, sometimes it triggers people to call us back. But now we've got a reason to call back. And what we do is call back and we say, hey, look, did you get the, you know, package with an eagle on it? No, yeah, I did. You get time to look at the book. Oh, yeah, happened. And then it's opening up the conversation back again. And now they can get back into closing them again. As your strategist or whatever they call that quote, to close that one back? Or is it the schedulers? No, no, no, no, no, no, no. They, the strategist have to call and try to close that one again. Because if the scheduler, it won't make sense for the scheduler to do it. Okay. Now you get people that order straight off the order forms in the back or usually the guy calling back in that closes them? Yeah, they're going to eat the, well, actually 99.9% of the time. I think I had one person that actually went to the website. Well, we had a couple of people that went to the website and actually signed up to the website, which I mean, I couldn't believe it because it just was crazy that they did that because they had to pay $5,500. But if they would have called in and just said, hey, look, I know you offered me at a lower price. Can I get it for that? Still get up at a lower price? I mean, of course we're going to take their money. So, you know, they couldn't have done that. So you start at $55, but you lower it and pay? Yeah, they have a $2,000 window. They're not allowed to sell it below $3,500. And the reason being is so when I'm on stage, I can sell it for $3,497 and say that nobody else can get a price this much. So they can't go $3 low. They can't go to my price because I go at $3,497, but they can go to $35. And that's where it is. Now, the one thing a lot of people, a few experiences, but a lot of people, you know, worry about, well, you know, like, especially sales guys, well, what happens to somebody sitting in the room and they talk? Nobody's talking. And nobody, you know, nobody talks from, oh, you know, I paid $5,500 to get here and the other guy says I paid $3,497. Another guy says I paid $35. Another guy, you know, might pay $4,000. Another guy might pay $4,500 because what we do is when we're on the phone with them, the one thing that we say to them on the phone, like, let's say we get them on the phone and we're talking to them, the beginning of the call will always, we'll say something like this and say, you know, hey, I, well, there's two outcomes for this call. The first outcome of this call is I'm going to give you some amazing information that will help change your life or your business. The second thing I'm going to do on this call is talk about how we can move, how you can work with Matt after this call is over with. And then is that okay with you? They'll answer yes. Great. No problem. They go in to start talking about strategies. Okay. Well, remember, did I, you know, in the last call, did I answer all your questions, right? Did you get all the information you needed from me? Yes. Okay. So let's talk about how, you know, we can move forward from the call from now. And then we go right into that. Now, one of the things when they're in the close, they'll say Matt likes to have, Matt likes people that take immediate action. Matt loves action takers. So you can get an action, you know, this action taking bonus. If you take action right now and pay, you know, you pay in full right now, I have the ability to, you know, give you a travel or take action discount, and they'll give them a discount right at that moment. But it's only for today. It's only for right now. Now, if you decide that you don't want to do that, you want to just put a deposit down, I'll have to give it to you for a little higher price. So you can go to about $4,500 and give you $500 off the original price. But if you pay in full right now, I get it to you for $3,500. What would you like to do? I have a question. Matt, this is Garrett. How are you doing? Yep. Are most of your seats that you're selling, are they all for $5,500 or what's the average? Is the average about $3,500 on everyone's coming through? No, the average ticket's about $4,000. Okay. Yeah. So some of you are getting $5,500, some of you are getting for $35,000. Yeah, some of you are getting, like, I just got one, we just got one yesterday for 38, we got one yesterday for 55, and we got one for 35. So it pretty much averages out to be about $4,000 average head. So you guys qualify them right away. As soon as you get on the phone, are you trying to qualify them to see what ability they have to spend and then going into your consulting with them or are you going through your consulting and then trying to qualify them and then trying to close them? A lot of times, a lot of times, a lot of things we'll ask the questions we ask throughout there. We'll discover, I mean, we'll hear, we're really listening and we'll know where they're at. Because if they start saying, I've been on all these things, I'm going, you know, they're the first question. And, you know, I'll tell you what I can do is I can give you one of our scripts. I would like to be on. As long as you don't hand it out. I'll give you one of our scripts because we do probe. I'm willing to give you guys whatever it takes, but here's the deal is please don't teach it. We're like, you know, like handed out as like it's yours. Because I paid like three grand for it to get somebody to write that script for me. But the big thing is, the big thing that we do, especially in the beginning, we always say, we always start off like this, you know, after we get them to confirm, like yes, I, you know, I understand the two outcomes. Then the next thing we do is, okay, give me a reader digest of your business. When, as soon as they start seeing that, we know exactly where they're at. They say, oh, I've been trying this. I'm just, I'm from failure. I'm not making any money. I'm poor, you know, piss broke, you know, whatever the hell they say. And then we'll say, you know, like, we'll know if they, if they, if they come across like they don't have any money, then, you know, we'll try to get off phone. We're not trying to get off phone with them. We want to give them the one thing that I tell the guys all the time is, listen, your job is to also make me look good. And now I know, you know, so if you, if it takes a half an hour to get off phone with somebody, you know, give them, give them some meat. So that, you know, they'll get mad at me. I think that I'm the biggest butt head in the world. The only reason for the call is just to sell, although it really is. But I just, you know, I need to look good too. So they understand that. And they understand that. And they, you know, they'll get on the phone. Now they'll get off the phone with them as quickly as they can. But if they're in, if they got somebody they know they can close and they're sitting there, I mean, they'll take an hour with them. I mean, whatever it takes to get the money. So, you know, some of the 30 minute sessions or 45 minute sessions will turn into an hour, especially if it's going to be closed. And, you know, to make that happen. Okay, so that's a lot of my questions. Yeah, I'd love to see that script. Yeah, I'll give you this. I'll give you that script. Another script I'll give you is the same or straight or appointment centers used to. So get both of those scripts. One will be the script of the sales guys. Now it's a little older one, but it'll kind of make sense. Actually, it'll fit more into you guys because it is my internet script. And then we have one for each company. And then also the scheduler script. And then the scheduling script is basically just scheduling the appointment to make that happen. So you get to see those. And your sales reps, your status and your closers, are you getting, are you finding guys who are familiar with the internet marketing industry? Are you kind of finding anyone in a boiler room setting in a call center where they can come in? Yeah. Yeah. Well, let me tell you what I found because that's a great question because when I first started, I thought, and this is actually a learning lesson that I had, when I first started I thought that salesmen could be trained. And I realized that no, salesmen are born. Not really born, but they come in, they must be already a salesman. With that being said, the people that I look for, like for example the guys that I'm interviewing this week, two of them worked at a car lot. I want guys that understand, now it's not about working at call centers or it's not about working at anything. It's people that understand how to understand the one call close. You don't want to have anybody that comes in that has been through a longer sales cycle. You want to have somebody that knows what the short sales cycle is, like getting the money right there on the call. Anybody that's been in software that takes 30, 60 days or 120 days or two years to get a contract, those guys just throw them out there waste your time. The people I found that worked the best are car salesmen, encyclopedia salesmen, vacuum cleaner salesmen, people that have sold door to door. If they've sold door to door where they have to walk into either a business, open the door, go back, talk to the person that closed the sale right there in the spot, or go to a house, open the door and sit on their couch and close the deal, those are your best people. That's Garrett's background. I enjoyed ourselves for the last four years. That's cool. Now, are you training these guys? What they're doing, they're consulting. How are you training these guys like what's looked for in a site and how to do like their actual consulting part? No, they don't. Well, you'll kind of see it on there, but the training that I give them, honestly, is I give them two things. You like to read or you like to listen. So they get my book. Basically, the same presentation that I, well, the first CD, well, actually the second CD that I came out with, we have multiple different free CDs that we're using, but the second free CD that I came out with is actually my presentation that I do on stage. Like I did at the big seminar, the same one I do, I'm going to go to, you know, I'm speaking with Dan Kennedy and Ron the Grand and all those guys. I'll use the same presentation there. I mean, I've been using pretty much, it's been tweaked a little bit, but it's the same presentation I've been using for the last two years. Now, that same presentation is the same as my book, that same presentation is the same as my CD. That same presentation is the same presentation or same thing that they talk to the guys on the phone with. So, or the people on the phone with. So when they're on the phone, like I'll see guys and I print it off my PowerPoint, they'll see them, they'll kind of go through there. Now, what they'll do is they'll adapt the PowerPoint to that individual. So like, let's say they're in dog training. So we'll just imagine, you know, what you want to do is you want to create some articles, let's say, and, you know, they have to do with dog training. Like maybe how to take your dog, how to make sure your dog never poops in the house, you know, or something like that. You know, they'll kind of make up something, not only make up something, but kind of help them give them some ideas of what kind of press release. They'll say, well, here's two places you can go right now to submit your, I mean, sorry, submit your articles. And then, you know, they'll say, okay, you know, they'll go, okay, another strategy that Matt uses, so they're going to, then they'll go, press releases, when, you know, Matt does, you know, peer-to-peer and peer-to-peer direct or something like that. So they've got to go through multiple different things. But the whole presentation is something I created from the stage that actually always ends up with that one result on there. But the CD is my offer. The book is the same thing. The presentation is the same thing. And like, it was so funny. This guy, the one of the guys that one of my sales guys come over to me and he just closed this guy. He said, yeah, I saw Matt speak for about an hour and a half, and I got more information from you in the last 45 minutes on this call than I did from Matt in two hours. But he closed the guy. Now, the guy, I overheard Mark in my office say that, and I was like, but Mark looked at me and he goes, Matt, he goes, but I realized that I told him the same exact thing that you said. He just got it at that point. And that's what it is, is, you know, I'm hitting with the same information from different modalities. Like, you're getting it from, you know, a book, they're getting it from a CD, they're getting it from, you know, the phone call. And they're even getting it from my newsletter. So what's happening is when they get on the phone with them, and this is one thing that we hear a lot in our office, you know, they might have bought my book, then they might have bought my CD, and then they, you know, might have saw me present on stage or heard me on a tele-seminar, you know, they might not have took action on all three of those times. When they're on the phone with the guys, they'll say, you know what, I heard this all before, it must be true. Now, they forgot that I told it to them like four times. But that's one of the things that we hear a lot. Interesting. I have a quick question. How many, so for each industry you have, I realize you're dabbling in three industries, but let's just, for the seminar that you're teaching on internet marketing, how many sales reps, how many sales enclosures do you have in that, I mean, are there four setters, four closers, per bill's office, or how is that working? No, typically, I can fill up a room, I can fill up a room with 50 people. I can fill up a room with 50 people at 50 people every single month, or for 12 months, with three people. Now, for every two, here's one thing just so you know too, and I heard you say three and three. For what I found the best dynamics is for every two people that you have on the floor, you have one scheduler. Okay, so the scheduler, I've worked with a couple of sales floors, just to show you in real estate, and we worked with a setter and a closer. We called up as a setter, set the, you know, sold them right there on the spot, and then handed them off to a closer to finish the deal off, you know. So you guys aren't using that format there. You guys are just, you know, you have an appointment setter, the girl who calls up sets the appointment, and then when that appointment's done, that customer stays with that one sales rep the whole process through. That sales rep is not handing them off to another closer. Right. No, he's not. Okay. No, that's kind of like their account, like I guess you'd look at it from a sales perspective, that's their account or their person. Okay. And how much commission do you pay those guys when they make a sale? That's a great question. Now, two of my offices, we do it one way and another office, we do it a different way. It's just because of the structure of the company. But the way that I found that works the best is what we do is if they're at goal, and goal is dependent, now this is how I see things, goals are dependent upon the individual, because I mean, I have some guys that have been with me, you know, they're averaging about 30 grand a month. I have another guy that's with me, he averaged about 80 grand a month. So each guy is going to have their own different, I don't know what you call it, but their own cap on where they're going to be. So I set goals, personally, well, either I or I have a salesman or sometimes just fired my last one a couple days ago. But what we'll do is we'll sit down and we'll set individual goals. Now, whatever the individual goal is, and the average individual goal on my floor is 30 grand, which isn't much. But I look at each business unit or each person as a business unit, so they have to be producing me at least 30 grand, and they have to do it real quickly. I'll kind of go through the whole process. But if they sell, let's say that they hit their goal, then they make 20% of the sale. If they go below their goal, if they don't hit their goal, then they're at 17% of the sale. If they go 150% above the goal, so let's say that their goal was 30,000, 150% of 30,000 is 45 grand, if they pull in 45 grand or more, then it's retroactive back to what they did for the month and they get 25%. So they get an extra 5% on everything that they sold for the month. Okay. So how much volume they put on the board then? Meaning, so if they sell $5,000 with the product, they're taking the percentage of that $5,000 product. Meaning how much they put on the board and then it goes retroactive from that? Correct. Okay. Is there 100% commission that you're not paying any salaries at all, just commission? No, there's 100% commission. 100% commission, I don't pay anything. I want them hungry. Now, when I'm putting an ad in the paper, just so you guys are aware of this, when I'm putting an ad in the paper, what I say is that this, you know, draw plus commission, draw plus commission. If somebody comes in and say, hey, look, I need a draw, at the beginning what I used to do is I'd give them $2,000 a month, draw. And I found that they would, then after the first month, then they would be gone and then, you know, then the draw would be gone and then they start over straight commission. That strategy didn't work very well because they put the footage around until the next month and then they decided they're going to start selling. So what I do now is, we do still put that in the paper just to get people to, you know, apply. But if somebody comes in here and says, hey, I need a draw, then I don't hire them. But if somebody comes in, the guy I like is when he says, you know what, I don't even want the draw. I know I can sell the crap out of this and I'm going to, I don't want it. I mean, I'll say, you're hired, you know, if they're that confident in themselves, then I want them. So are you going, I mean, you're hiring about, what's your turn through rate? If you're hiring about two guys or ten guys a month that you're keeping two, getting ready to the other eight, what's kind of going on as far as turnover? Well, turnover, the one thing that I learned in the beginning is, you know, we had a wholesale floor. You know, I had, what, 16 guys on the floor once. No, I'm sorry, 12 guys on the floor. And we went after quantity. You know, the big thing is we used to do ads in the paper. We'd have all these people come into a room. I don't know if you've been to those training or this kind of interviews, bring them all in and say, okay, and we'd talk about the things we're going to do. And then, you know, whoever was kind of left over after it was done, we'd hire them all and throw them on the floor. We ended up getting a bunch of crap. So now what we do is, is a little bit longer sales process, you know, with it. And we're finding is we're getting a lot and plus I'm being more pickier on who I'm choosing. And, you know, if they've, they got, you know, that kind of experience, like I said, like they've sold those things. They understand it. You know, we're, I mean, my guys pretty much they stay. I mean, I haven't, the last, you know, the last guy I did, you know, first month, he did $54,000. So I was like, holy shit, you know, so, you know, pretty much I can get a team. You know, I'll have what we got, we got five guys on the floor that are kicking the ass of my, you know, 12-man floor. And so it's just, what I did was I weeded it back to the best guys. I mean, I took the best guys and let them play with each other, you know, play because they're very competitive against each other. And on the floor, one thing we do is we have teams, we have them divided up in teams. So you have like one team versus another team. And then whenever we have a bell in there, so whenever a team, whoever team is out selling the other team, then they'll go, well, every time you sell, you ring the bell. But what we do is on the one floor, outside of the floor, if your team's winning, then the bell is closer to you. So then the other team has to walk farther across the floor to go bring the bell. And one thing I found that worked really well with the sales team too is giving them their own theme songs. So like each guy gets picked their own theme song, whenever they would sell, then all of a sudden their song would, they get to blast their song across the floor so everybody knew who it was. And then we, the whole office, when the bell rings or when the song goes off, the whole office claps. Because they know they're adding it to the, they know they're adding to our bottom line. Because we do, in our office, we're doing, which is, I haven't really heard the eminy guy doing this, but we do, we're open book management style. And basically what that means, everybody in my office knows exactly where we're spending money, where everything's going, how much money we're bringing in. And they get profit sharing. For example, at the Christmas party, I handed out checks to everybody. They hit it, we had a certain criteria we want to be in our profit. We ended up hitting that number and over exceeded that number. And what ended up happening was, some people, I mean, everybody got six months worth of pay. What they made, basically, six months worth of pay. So they're really, I mean, it's just one thing we're doing, is because the problem is, they see me making all this, like I'll go to a seminar, I'll make 70 grand, or I'll go to a seminar, I'm going to bring home like half a million dollars, quarter of a million dollars, and they're like, oh well, God, that's rich. And so now I let them realize, like yeah, that half a million dollars, quarter of a million dollars, half that goes to the person I spoke to, and then the rest goes to pay for all the Alex expenses and all those stuff, then they start to really see, oh wow, pay roll and all those other things. I'll do that up. But, um... Sure, that makes it more loyal, doesn't it? Oh, well, it turns them all into entrepreneurs. And actually, there's a great book, if you guys ever want to read it, it's called The Great Game of Business. Excellent book. And if you like it and you want to learn that whole thing, they're coached, they don't understand how to price their coaching. I think I paid the guy like three grand for basically going through all my books, setting up the whole profit sharing program, where he made all the numbers and figured out all the numbers for me, and gave me a spreadsheet so we can run off it, and the guy spent a lot of time. He made all the graphics, he did everything, and then now he ongoing coaches us on our profit sharing for 300 dollars a month, and he does it not only for us, he does it for Harley Davidson, and he also works with Southwest Airlines. So he works with big companies, he just doesn't make, you know, he doesn't realize how valuable his information is. Is that a book like an Amazon, or is that a website? Yeah, he's putting Amazon to grab it. Yeah, you can actually get it off Amazon, just get it to the used one, it doesn't matter. That's an idea, I think it was like two bucks. So with your teams, do you have team leaders getting overrides off everyone's cells, more of a push more product? No, actually what it is, and what we've done is this, well for every two cells people we have one scheduler, and hold on about the sneeze, sorry, for every two cells people we have, we have one scheduler. That one scheduler makes, she not only makes $10 an hour for scheduling, but she also gets 1% override on all the cells they make. So she's not only focusing on scheduling the appointments, but also scheduling good quality appointments, and making sure that the schedule, that the appointment sticks. We found that just motivating them that way, we used to give them $10 per held appointment, we found that they would just call, they'd get an appointment, they'd make sure they get on the phone, it could be like, oh crap, you know, so a lot of it, what we found is, if they get that 1% override on everything that gets sold, you know, on that, I think if they hit their goal, they get like another, they get a point, 1.5% or whatever, if their sales team hits their goal, well the two guys hit their goal. So, they're nice little bonus, I mean they'll get like, you know, $500 to $1,000 an extra month, but that's really nice for them, and it's good for us, because there are, one thing I noticed is that, when we made that switch over to that, the sales, the schedulers will be on the ass of the sales guys, like hey look, you need to call that person back, I thought you said that you're going to close them, call them back right now, you know, like I just, I went back there, and then what they'll do too, because we have our fulfillment in-house, so we'll run back there and make sure that all that we call them, you know, or the follow-up package, or whatever you call them, or you know, our packages, they'll go and make sure that those, you know, direct mail pieces are getting sent out, like, you know, hey, you know, I know it's already hit, I went and checked with the, you know, the thing, I looked and noticed that, you know, all these people have it, you need to call these people and follow up with them, so they're riding their ass to get that extra money. That's really cool. So they're almost doing a screen process and setting up appointments, they're making sure that they're somewhat qualified leads, more qualified than what you've already qualified, than before they schedule them with the rest, and is that kind of what I'm saying? Yeah, I mean, but they're not doing, I mean, you know, if it's somebody that totally needs, you know, a lot, you know, it's one person, yeah, I mean, it's kind of, you'll see, it's like, you know, this is what we're calling about, we're calling this and this and this, and if you have somebody saying, oh, I thought this was something about something else, I mean, I swear we had girls that were, well, usually girls that are schedulers for us, we had girls that are scheduling, I mean, they would schedule anything, I mean, if somebody, you know, they can breathe, they don't know where they're getting these names, and I don't even know how half the people even, you know, bought something online, you know, they didn't know how to open up a laptop. So, you know, it's really interesting, but they would schedule them, you know, to get them a phone and it's just kind of crazy, but we found that, you know, that works, is the two and the one, and then giving the extra, you know, the bonuses, you know, for the office overriding sales. Now, do you, if the person is horrible and they know they're at the bat, there's not going to be any money, they still set the console or whatever or not? Yeah, they're going to do it just because, but they'll kind of pre-worn them, just because that we did promise them that, if we did talk to them, but they don't totally go after them, it's like, they're not going to be as aggressive to get them on the phone, as in scheduling the appointment. But, yeah, they do, and the reason I make them do that, that's a personal decision. I make them do that because, you know, I told them when they bought it, they do get that, and I said, that was one of your bonuses when you buy my CD, therefore, I want to honor my commitment to them. And that's my personal issue, you know, I'll tell you, now that's the other office down in Florida, you know, with you, I know they're not doing that, they're kind of pre-screening them a little bit more, and I just think that, you know, because, you know, my big thing is, you don't know who the heck they know and who they're talking to and where they're going and stuff like that. They could have a neighbor that you just talk to one of our guys and, you know, and then I don't want that, you know, negativity spread around. Especially with the internet marketing industry, where, you know, it's always the zone, post it on the inter-form or bash someone where, you know, they don't really know how to do all that stuff. My next question is, like, how many appointments is an average guy going to have a day? Yeah, that's a great question. Our guys average about four to five appointments a day, each guy. About four to five appointments a day, I mean, that's if we schedule them, it doesn't mean they depend. I mean, like, there's times they get seven and it's just dependent on them. I mean, one thing we found is that, typically what we'll do is we'll have scheduled, there are scheduled, we'll be blocked off for an hour for every single appointment that's scheduled, so if they got four, they block off for an hour, so that's four hours, they'll put another half an hour in between and they have lunch. But, you know, we found that works fine and plus they have, and one big thing that we found is that they need to have time to follow up. See, that's one of the biggest problems. Like, especially one thing we did was we would book them like six, like, had one guy that he wanted, he was like, I want seven a day. Now, we'd book them seven a day, but the problem was he never had the ability to follow up, and, you know, as you guys, we all know, is, you know, the fortune and the follow up. You know, we're not always going to get our one call closes. You know, the one guy that I have on the floor the first month, I mean, his first appointment, actually, his first appointment he ever did, he closed her two weeks later because he kept, he followed up with her, you know? I mean, the same thing I'm finding is if they have the ability to follow up, you know, and they have the ability to follow up with people and give them that ability, you know, having the time to do it, they will do it, and if they do do it, you'll start seeing the prophets are coming in even more. Because with the follow up, I mean, I've got, I mean, the one guy I got, Mark, I bet you he's closing one out of every five. So he might, you know, and then the thing is, is some of those, he gets, like, you know, he might go on a streak where he's not getting a couple for a couple of days, but then the guys, he talked to a couple of days before all of a sudden they're coming in, so I'll have a whole, like, the whole day, he's just ringing the bell all day long because he's following up with them. The following, the following made me through the postcard and the red letter, and then him calling afterwards, right? When I look at follow, when I say follow up, just so you're clear, when I say follow up, I see I'm doing the follow up with a direct mail. When I say follow up for them, it's them getting on the phone, calling them and saying, hey look, I just want to touch base with you, did you get that? I didn't meant by follow up. Like them keeping track of all their leads and after they spend time qualifying, you know, making sure, pushing them, pushing them, pushing them, and keeping them. Right. Okay. Is Mark one of your better ones? Well, Mark Devon, well, I got Mark Devon and Craig are probably the best. Because we actually ordered, Devon even had people call and Mark's the guy that did mine, and I don't know if he knew how it was ahead of time or whatever, but he was not as good as the other one. Oh, seriously? Yeah, like, it was, I was kind of surprised to me at first. Oh, Mark? Mark's one of the top sales guys. Really? I think it's because he knew who you were. Okay. I think you were talking, you were emailing me at the same time, I was like, what the hell are you doing talking to a ruffle? And I saw you printing off, that's probably what it was, he might have been a little intimidated. I was playing dumb, so. But I was wondering, because he was just like, he was very excited and just kind of like, I don't know, then another guy called, they called Garrett and did a really good job, so then we got excited about it again. Oh, no, I think he got it, he got it. Yeah, he probably got it. I feel stupid about to call up you, Matt, and try to go through, I feel really stupid. He got a little intimidated probably. Because I remember seeing that, because he printed off your thing and I was like, what the hell are you doing talking to him? I'm talking to him in a couple of days or whatever it was. Okay, that's funny. Cool. Let me see what else we got here. Okay. Oh, the next thing is going on like live seminars. Are you doing live seminars for each, all three of your industries, or just, I mean, is that always your back end that you're selling, is the live program? In the real estate, in the real estate side, yes we are. In the real estate side, we're doing a three-day boot camp in the real estate company. In this company, we're doing the three-day, we actually, we sell two things. We sell a three-day intensive and we also sell coaching, especially if they're in, because we have to have something for people in like Australia, people in Singapore, people in UK. So what we do, some of them will come over here. I mean, they had a guy from Switzerland last week, had a guy from Germany and all this other stuff, but not all of them can really just make it. So what they'll do is we'll get our homestead course, or well homestead slash coaching. But we still sell that for 35, you know, four grand, whatever we can kind of get out of it. What do you do with the coach? Does someone just call them or how does that work? Yeah, we got, I got two coaches that work for me. And they just get on the phone and coach them. It's basically off the kind of dumb down version of what we're teaching at at the event. And how much time do they spend doing that? I mean, is that long term or is it just... No, it's eight hours. We sell eight, well it depends on the person. Typically they're charging $400, you know, they'll charge about $400 per hour. Some people will say, well I want to do one of them. We've got people that only want to do one a month, you know, so it's $400 a month and we just make them for $400 a month. You know, we got people say, hey look, I want six seconds, that's all I can afford. So whatever we can do to, you know, it's like find out how much money they got, how much money they will spend. We'll say, okay, well that only buy you four sessions. Okay, let's just make it four sessions. Now those guys are, I guess you trade more in a marketing, right? To be able to do that or is that still people usually? Oh yeah, no, no, no, no. So those guys are trained. Those guys have, well, the people that I have actually, this was about two years ago, I coached them on the phone. Like that coaching session that they have, they're modeling what I actually did when I coached them. They started doing it, they went out there and, you know, they built their list to make it money. But they're not, you know, they're just not where they want to be. And the big thing is they want to get closer to me. That's really the big thing is, like the benefit for them is not just, is not doing it and making the money, because I only pay them like 30, 40 bucks an hour to coach. And that's per session actually. They only make, I'm sorry, 30, 40 dollars a session. So some sessions go over an hour, you know, like we tell them, look, it's supposed to be an hour. If you go anywhere over, that's on your dime, not online. So just because they don't have a set boundary. If you don't have a set of boundaries, that's not my fault. It's yours. So, you know, those guys work, I mean, you keep them busy enough that they're working full time in coaching, or they do other stuff when they're on their down times. Oh yeah, they're mean. I got one guy that's running eBay, all my eBay stuff for me. And that's another thing for you. Selling your CDs through eBay is freaking awesome. Any product that you have, and I'll tell you, one of the best, two best buyers that we have, or the two best, well, the numbers I gave you are an average. Now, I said one out of, you know, one out of every eight people that get on the phone. Listen to this, one out of every two people that got my book, we convert into a sale. One out of two, well, actually, people that get, not get my book, but one out of two people that got my book, and then scheduled an appointment, got on the phone. So there's a little bit more things that happen with that. But we're converting one out of every two. Now, eBay is about one out of every three. If somebody bought a CD, a book, an e-book, anything from us from there, we have found these people, I mean, I don't know what the hell is going on, but they're just hungry for buying more things. And you'll notice, like, especially if we see a guy that gets on eBay, he'll go buy, like, my book, then he'll go buy my CD, and then he'll go buy, like, you know, my home sale, he'll get everything on discount. I tell everybody, do you want to get my stuff cheap? Just go to eBay and get it cheaper. But they'll get it on, you'll see them, they'll buy a slew of it. Those guys upsell like crazy. So that's why we're running eBay. But another thing we're doing off eBay is if you notice down the bottom of the page on the listing, what we'll do is we'll put a listing, so we'll take the CD page, like, let's say we'll take the CD page, we'll put the CD, the CD sales letter that we have, take out everything that references free CD, keep the bonuses and everything on there, throw that same exact sales letter on eBay. And then down the bottom we'll say, if you want free information just like this, then go to our About Us page, they go to our About Us page, and then we're collecting leads off eBay. So from that, so then when they come from eBay, they're going to, you know, they'll squeeze page after they go to squeeze, then they're going straight to the CD page, and we're capturing it from there, too. Wow. Now, Matt, I'm guessing these people that are buying off eBay, and maybe the majority of people are coming through, they don't have a relationship with you already, they may not have heard of you already, you're just kind of building that relationship with them along the way, is that right, Matt? Yeah, pretty, well, you know, I don't, and I need to look at that, but I have a feeling, actually a couple of guys that actually been through, that came from eBay, because we're starting to see it a lot more now, just because when we started eBay, just now it's really, really, we're starting to see the people that we've sold. But yeah, a couple of them said, you know, I've never heard of you before, but this is absolutely amazing. But a couple of people said, you know, I've been out there, I mean, I'm either on my list, they see me around, they just went, they were searching for something on eBay, like maybe Mike Stewart or Mike Littman or something like that, and then they saw my thing, they said, well, I'll just get it, because they know how much money they're actually selling for, like the only thing that's different is funny, because you can buy anything that I have, any product that I have, for cheaper than I sell it for on the Internet or on anywhere else, and when I say Internet, eBay, I'm kind of putting it in a little category. But the interesting thing is, the CDs sell for more on eBay than they do, because people, I already put the shipping and handling, the price that we have there, so people will bid it up to, like, I mean, I have people that have people that pay $27 for my free CD, plus pay for the shipping and handling. That's crazy. Yeah, it's insane. See, we're getting close to the time, and a couple more we want to get off before we're done. At the live seminar, you're selling something there also, or is that the end? Absolutely. The way it kind of works, and let me kind of walk you through from a direct mail perspective, or anything, but basically, they go to my squeeze page, or they go to my page, they go by the CD, they go on and follow them, they say, yes, we're sending them straight to, we're sending them, pretty much, a majority of them, we're sending to the intensive. If they go to the intensive, and I will, yes, I will, I'll pitch a $12,500 seminar. Actually, I pitched it on that CD, that kind of the presentation that I did from there, was pieces of my presentation that I do from, pieces of my presentation I do at the workshop. So I'll sell what's called the Big Boy, Big Girl Boot Camp, and that's where people get to, you know, I take them to the thing where there's 50 people, and I bring them in my office where it's 12 people. I sell between $12,500, and I sell between $12,500, or I'll sell that $7,000. Now, this doesn't kind of leave the conversation, but basically what I do is I'll present the offer at the event at $12,500. If I don't get people starting running in the back of the room, which, like, there was one event, I had six guys all in the back of the room, and I said, you know what, I'm not dropping it, because if I drop it, then I just lost a lot of money. So if I don't get a rush, then what I do is I'll drop it down and say, okay, you know, the average person in this room paid $5,500, I said, you guys paid $5,500 to be here. What I want to do is I want to give you a discount, $5,500 credit, which you paid with me already. I want to credit to this, and what you're going to do is you're going to get it for $7,000. So for $7,000, you guys will be able to come to my boot camp, you can come to my office, spend three days, and then they come to my office, and they get to see the whole operation, so they'll see basically what we're talking about. They go by, they get to see my wholesale team, they get to meet my sales team, I give them the scripts, I let them see my film company, how I built the film company, how we have all our stuff that we use for film it. They can take pictures of anything they want to take, keep everything on the board. So we're running numbers, we track what our total revenue is. I mean, there's some critical numbers that we're focusing on in our office from a marketing perspective and from a total business perspective, and they see all the numbers sitting around. So we're tracking our Google links, we're tracking our backlinks, we're tracking, you know, Yahoo backlinks, we're tracking our sign-ups, we're tracking our sales here, we're tracking every little thing that's on this big old white board in my office. Now I have a 6,800 square foot location, which I'm standing at right now, and so I mean I have a sales floor, I have a sales floor, I have kind of coaches, I have, you know, a tech team, I also have a hosting company that's in here, I have the film company that's in here, and then I have more of my support team around, and then they get to go through, I show everybody in my office, show everything that's going on in my office, you know, you can see everything, but then when they leave, we're setting up, we're creating the CD, so the goal, I actually have a studio here, they'll come in, we'll create the CD while we're sitting here at the studio, me and them together, so we'll create the CD, we'll get the CD up-line, we'll have the graphics created for them, we'll put up the page, we'll create the sales letter, and then we'll also rate emails for their campaign to sell the CD. So that's what I'm offering at the Big Boy Big Girl Bootcamp. Now if they take advantage of it, and then of course they're going to the Big Boy Big Girl Bootcamp, if they say no, then what they're doing, the next thing we do is we send them all a thank you postcard, everybody's going to get a thank you postcard, but a few of them, the people that say no, then what they're doing, actually, the presentation that I actually did to do the offer, they're actually getting that on DVD sent to them automatically. So they're going to do that, and then my sales guys are following up with the people that they sold to call them and say, hey, try to get them to the Big Boy. So they're going to go sell them into the Big Boy for me, so they get two sales throughout the whole process. Awesome. Okay, next question, you have your freaking last question called, you've picked up a lot of people through those also? Is that kind of the goal of those? Is that more information? No, that's more of, well, it's more of kind of, you know, I do them once a week, the Q&A, it's Q&A and joint venture calls. Basically I set it up because everybody could try to come to me to try to join ventures, and everybody I have, I mean everybody I work with, I mean the average person after a year, their list size is, you know, I've had my, well, the big clients, most of the people that are mature clients, they've been with me for a year, I mean they'll be at 15, 30,000 people on their list by the end of the year, so the one thing is, even if they have a couple thousand people, I want to have an ability where they can get on the phone, network with each other and then be able to sell each other's products and services, and instead of just coming to me, so, you know, for it, because everybody wants to, you know, me to join ventures with them and I don't have time. So now they have access to multiple different lists in order to make that happen, and not only that, it's time for, they get ongoing support from my office, but actually not from my office, from my hosting company, so they get technical support, but what they don't get is marketing support, so the one thing that I've done is I utilize that, that call for two purposes, one, so they can do, you know, network and join ventures, two, so I can kind of stay in touch with them, so they know what's going on, also so I can hear the heartbeat of the market, and that's really what I'm doing, it's really my focus group, or my focus group, because I'll get questions in, like, I don't have to be on anybody's list, I can tell you exactly what everybody's selling, where the whole mindset of everybody's going, because I'll get 40 questions, or 30 questions about, you know, membership sites, and it's like, what the hell, I don't talk about membership sites, why the hell are you guys all asking me about membership sites, and then I realize Sean Casey's doing a big promotion, and everybody's sending out emails about membership sites, so they think that's the next, you know, the best thing since sliced bread. So I'll start hearing the marketplace, and one of the things I'll start doing is that actually gives me my idea for what is my next tele-seminar going to be. So those guys are going to tell me, you know, I'll start listening, I really listen to the feed, you know, they're not really saying what they want, but I'll hear in the questions, so what I'll do, like, if they ask questions about Google AdWords, I mean, that's why I had Perry Marshall speak at my last marketing madness event, which I do, I do these madness events four times a year, or three times a year actually, but in the madness event, they tell me what they want to learn more of. They want to learn about copyright and they want to learn about this, so what I do is I stick the line up the way that, the questions everybody keeps on asking me about, I make sure there's other guys there so they can go buy their products when they come back to my event and do that. We just did an event, you know, like, we did this event two weeks ago, and all my clients have been through my training, they get to go to my madness events for free, so on that call I get to pitch my, you know, madness event, but they get to come back and then not only come back, they also get to, you know, they go and buy. I mean, I think, you know, just for my clients alone, we sold a half a million dollars stuff to them, and of course I only make, you know, half that, but, you know, at that event, it means really nice having all those people coming in, and put like, you know, put a couple hundred people in the room, you know, and 80% of them were all my clients, because I've been constantly touching base with them. You give them that as a bonus or you charge them for that? No, I'm giving it to them as a bonus for coming to that, and how I get them to come is not necessarily the three days, because all of them, you know, they all, you know, the problem I actually made up, made for myself was I was trying to be the answer for everybody, and then I realized that I can't be, I don't know everything, but I told them I did, you know, and they believed it. So now I'm retraining them all to realize that, you know, you need to learn from multiple different resources other than myself, because my list is very, very, I mean, the people that I have come through, they're so loyal to me, but they don't, you know, it's weird, they don't want to go learn from other things, so, which is a good thing, but also the bad thing from trying to get me out of the business. But what we've done is we just added on another day, on the event, the day after, just for my clients, and they come in, they bring their laptops back in, we do things, we answer all the questions they have, at the end of the thing, so what that does, that's just the incentive to get them all come through to the event, and then, you know, of course, we get to sell them the whole time, and those clients love to buy, because they're my big ticket buyers. That's awesome. Wow, anything else before we go? Oh, one thing I was going to ask, after you order your DVD, it goes straight to the sales page for the seminar, is there a reason why you do that? Like, you pick up people out there? Yeah, well actually, the reason for that initially was, as soon as you buy the CD, then you go straight to the sales letter, and the sales letter, the thing we're going to be offering on the phone, I wanted, there was two reasons why I initially did it. The first reason I initially did it, because I just wanted people to see the opportunity before it happened. I mean, I wanted it to be, one, to see the opportunity, and two, I wanted it to be easier on my salespeople, so that, you know, when they get on the phone, the people already know about it. But what we started discovering, what happened as soon as we started doing it, was this. People would act like, these are the best calls. Hey, you know, after I bought the CD, I noticed there was a page about this workshop, and you tell me more about it, so they don't talk about the name, you know, strategy, you know, let's go straight into the sale. That was the one big benefit of doing it. The other thing is, and I'll tell you, we saw three to four a month just through that. Now, I never, I mean, the first time it happened, actually it's funny, we put it up, you know, and two minutes later, we ended up having somebody go buy the CD, we actually did a one-time offer, and they went and bought the whole thing. They went through the whole system, and it was in two minutes. I did it while I was sitting in Raleigh at Arman's, and I was like, what the hell just happened? Like, throw off my first experience. So I've always kept it there. Now, we've thought about putting, like, where they go to the CD, and after they go to the CD, they go to a little, you know, a little bit higher ticket product. But what we found is, I like having those, having the people ready, because, you know, when the guys get on the phone and say, hey, I heard about this event, I like to know more about it. I mean, that's what I'm trying to do, is educating before it even happens about it, so they know what they're about to get into. That's awesome. One thing we did, we saw, like, a survey up on the Thank You pages to give our callers some feedback, information about them ahead of time. I was wondering why you'd done that as opposed to, I guess you're getting your scheduler to get all the information about that person, huh? Well, the scheduler, well, they're going to get, see, that's the thing. Well, let me tell you another thing. We don't really, we're not really getting that much. We just want to get them on the phone. The scheduler's not really getting that much for them, I don't think. You know, there's basically getting, finding out what time it's worked for them, making sure that we have the right, you know, contact information in there for them, the best numbers and stuff like that. Now, sometimes, and I'll tell you, here's where you guys are going to really explode things. Some of the best leads you're ever going to get aren't really just CDs for this whole strategy, because, you know, I know you want to talk about the CD strategy, but let me tell you something that's even better than the CD strategy. If, let's say, you do a call to your list, or you do a call to somebody's list. When you're on the phone, instead of selling that product, you're going to sell, like, the big, back-end product, like, you know, let's say, my Intensive, for example. When I spoke at a virtual seminar week for Alex and I, or Alex, I'm sorry, you know, I said to him, I said, here's the deal. There's two different kind of offers, because you want to meet offer something. I said, well, here's the deal. I'll go and I'll sell my program for $3,497. I'll go with $5,500. I'll drop it down to $3,497. Whoever I get from that, it's $5,5,000 split. We can do it that way, and that'll be immediate sales. We'll see the results right then. Or we can do it another way. And the other way is, what I'm going to do is I'm going to send them not to buy that product, but I'm going to send them to an Action Strategy Session form. And it's going to be a form that basically where they're going to fill out, put their name, their information, what their most biggest problems are, what kind of websites they have, how much money, here's the biggest question to ask them, how much money have you set aside to invest in yourself or your business? And if someone's going to ask them, you know, are you looking for a coach, you're looking for mentoring, and what's the best time to call you? And they submit the button. If we get those, if those strategy sessions come in, if we close any of them, that's what I told Alex or I tell anybody, if we close any of them, then what it's going to be is, because see, I pay my guys $20, there's $50 split, I need to make my $50. You know, it just doesn't make sense for me to do it if I don't make my $50%. But I've got guys that will follow up with their people, take care of them, and talk to them on the phone. So there's $50 left over. Now, they get paid $20% for every sale, so that means it leaves you $30%. So you can make, you know, it'll be ongoing, and you'll get, you know, it'll be yours for as long as they're in there, but you'll get ongoing checks coming to you. And plus, I have a feeling we're going to be able to close a lot more than I could on the phone. And then 99% of the time, or, you know, 80% of the time, they'll pretty much say, I want to do this strategy session. So I send them to, you know, like, mine's actionsstrategyassistion.com. So I send dry people to actionsstrategyassistion.com, use urgency, basically tell them, hey, listen, you know, because of the time restraints, there's only so many people that we can get on the phone with. But if you'd like to, go to actionsstrategyassistion.com right now. Sign up for a strategy session, fill out the whole form, kind of like an application. We'll get on the phone with people, schedule, talk to you, and it could be one of the best, you know, 45 minutes you can ever invest in your business. And then from that strategy session, those leads are hot because you're not, because what you're doing is saying, hey, listen, folks, I do have this opportunity, but I want to kind of pre-qualify you before you even come to it. So they already kind of know, like, you are pitching it, but you're not selling it. And then you're sending it straight to the actionsstrategyassistion to get them to basically kind of qualify, quote, unquote, to come to your event or whatever it is you're offering. Okay. Cool. Well, thank you very much for your time. It's been great. Talk to you soon. Bye.