Next one is Fiverr.com. This lets you get your website set up, lets you get videos created, you get articles written here, basically anything that you could possibly get stuck on, you can go to Fiverr.com and someone will do it for you. If you can't figure out how to buy a domain, go to Fiverr.com. I guarantee there's someone on there that for $5 will help you buy a domain. Just come inside right here, search for help me buy a domain. If not, come here to request gigs and request. I need someone to help me buy a domain and you'll get a flood of people for $5 will help you buy a domain. Don't let any of these technical things get you guys stuck in the way. I see so many people who get caught up in that technical part and they can't figure out how to break through that barrier. There's so many tools and resources nowadays you don't need to worry about that. Fiverr will get you through 90% of any technical issue you could dream of for $5. Don't let that ever be something that keeps you from success again. IWriter.com is an amazing tool if you don't like writing. If you do like writing but you need a lot of articles, IWriter.com for $3 or $4 an article. You can get people writing articles for you 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Really good articles you can use for all your feeder sites. Again, each feeder site you don't need a ton of articles. You just need 3 for each of them. I need 3 for this one. I don't need any for my YouTube video. I need 3 for this one over here. Each one you set up is going to be, you need 3 articles for. So, looking at $15 investment total for your articles. That's about it so far for the creating pages. Is that pretty simple? You guys get that so far? Again, the other thing is that there are other places you can create. If you get past, if you've done this work, the first 3 I focus on again are setting up a keyword domain, a YouTube video, and then on your own blog. Those will be the first 3 I focus on. If you get really intense, I got 3. I want 10 listings. There are a lot of places you can go to do that. Like I said, some of them are craigslist.org. Craigslist pages rank great. It's a little tricky. You've got to make sure the page stays there. They rank great. ArticleBase.com, squadoo.com, easyarticles.com, hubpages.com, USfreeads.com, buzzle.com, goarticles.com. There's always new sites popping up that allow you to create pages on them. For every reason, Google goes through these love-hate relationships. For a while, for like 2 years, squadoo was the most amazing thing in the world. It was as powerful as YouTube. All you do is create a page in here. It takes you 15 minutes to create a page, and boom, you've got a new page you created in there. Let's see. Where am I? That was my thing. Okay, that one closed. Let me reopen this. Yeah, squadoo is the biggest one. Squadoo still works. It doesn't rank as high as it used to, but it still ranks high, and people aren't using it as much, so it's a good place to go back to. Easyarticles.com, again, they let you create a page on their site. Hubpages.com, USfreeads.com, buzzle.com, goarticles.com. All these sites are places you can be adding content to that create a page. When you have a page, now you can go and rank that page. When that page is ranked, you can start getting a piece of that traffic. If you're just getting started again, do the easy ones, but when you're ready to do more, you really want to dominate. There's a lot of other ones you can go and add to the pipeline. All right. Now we're going to be shifting over to the back linking part of it, but I want us to take a break. We're a little over an hour into this right now. I want to take a break and let you guys ask me some questions before we move on to the linking. The creating the page is one thing, but the page is not going to rank until you do the next step. Let's take a few minutes and answer any questions you guys have about this really quick. We'll move into the back linking strategy, how we get back links very simply and very easily. All right. We have a bunch of questions in here. Let me pull them up for me myself really quick. Okay. Someone said, how much does Jaxi cost? I think the first 30 or 40 searches are free. I've never paid for Jaxi to this day. They always give me free searches. I don't know why, but it keeps getting bigger. You can get all your stuff up for Jaxi for free pretty much. Someone says, why don't you use Google AdWords? We do, but I think you're asking for the keyword tool. I just like Jaxi's keyword tool. I like the red light green light. I can go and try to look at all the competitive research and all that kind of stuff and try to figure it out on my own, or I just look ahead and I just fast. Red light green light. Do I go after it or do I not? Okay. If you're more advanced, you can go into Google and figure out all the AdWords stuff, but I don't do it yet. If you want to, you can. Someone said, you talk slower. I'm going really slow too. I'm doing my best. Someone says, you have your own servers. Where can the rest of us get our... Okay. If you don't have your own server, where can you host your site? Again, hosting, it doesn't really matter. All hosts are pretty much the same. Some have better support, things like that, but for most part, they're pretty much the same. You can use GoDaddy.com has got hosting. Brainhost.com has really good hosting. GoGVO.com has got good hosting. Any hosting companies, they're charging them more than five to ten dollars a month. They're probably ripping you off, but most sites, five to ten dollars a month, you can host unlimited sites on them. Just find any hosting companies. There's none that are really that big of a deal. Someone said, what's the reason why you have different hosting companies? We start going to more competitive niches with stuff like this. If all your feeder sites are on the exact same site as your golden sequence site, and again, it's only if you're going for really competitive stuff, sometimes they'll look at and say, these sites are all this... It's probably owned by the same person. If I have this one on one server and this one on different servers, then the thought process is that they're not going to know it's the same person. Therefore, they're more likely to rank multiple pages here because they're all different sites. If they think you're all the same person, they may go and not rank one or two of your pages. Again, that's why we're using YouTube and things like that. They're already separate hosting. They're already separate IPs, all that kind of stuff. That's the psychology behind that. Okay. Okay. Okay, so funny comments in here. Good, good. Okay. Someone said, would you leave a date posted on your blog too? Great question. Okay, so what they're asking is back here on my blog post. It says, posted on May 25th, 2012. Yes, I will go back and pull the dates off because after I make my three blog posts, I'm never posting this blog again. If someone comes in 10 years from now, I don't want to say, oh, this post is 10 years old. We do usually remove the dates. I personally don't know how to do that, so I'm probably going to go to fiverr.com and say, hey, can somebody come and remove the dates off my blog? Because I don't know how to do that. But yeah, typically, with things like this, you don't want the date on there because then it doesn't seem evergreen. You know what I mean? Good question. Someone said, should you put AdSense or something else on your feeder site? Yeah, you can. What I typically do is while I'm ranking the site, I don't worry about putting anything else on it. Okay, because if I put AdSense on there, I put banner ads, but much stuff right now, if I get a manual review of people like, oh, this is the site that they're trying to just rate to make money on. So I usually wait until about the 30-day mark before I go and start adding things on. And actually, the very last step here that we're going to be covering today is what I add on these sites. So right now, if you want to put AdSense on there, but I wouldn't worry about it, the amount of money you're going to make at first is so little that it's not even worth it. But yeah, after it starts ranking, they come back, add AdSense on there, throw all these other things on there that will show you, add those things on there for sure. Start monetizing then. Okay, someone said, do we post two additional pages or just add the first post? Great question. Yes, you are going to create two additional pages. Each article is going to be a brand new blog post. Good question. Someone said, can you use a spin version? I would not use a spin version. We'll be using a spin version for the next step in this process. I personally would do it on my Fierce site. You can. I like having three unique articles written. Good question. Okay. Okay. Someone said, how do you get over 150 free searches on JAXI? I've been using it for like five months and they just keep, every month they just give me, I think it'd be maybe 20 free searches a month. That might be it. It keeps getting bigger and bigger. Who knows? Okay. Someone said, how long is this webinar? We've been going for an hour and 11 minutes. We're about a third of the way through stuff. Someone said, how would you do Craigslist? I go to Craigslist and just make a post. Obviously, Craigslist is going to be buying or selling or doing something. I just find a category that made sense for whatever my offer was. I would post in there saying, hey, free. It might be the free section. Here's a free video about blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Something like that. Okay. Good question. Someone said, how do you check with duplicate content with iRider? When you do an article in iRider, they use something called copy scrape, which means they're basically going and they make sure that nobody else is scraped that article. They make sure it's a unique article just to you, which is nice. Oh yeah. Don Jordan said weebly.com is great. He's right. Weebly.com is a great site that you can create pages on. So that's a great one. I'll put that up real quick, because I've never seen it. It was just weebly.com. Weebly is like a website building site. So you go in here, create a website for free, and then boom, post your article on there. Now you got another page. Good, good. Okay. Someone said, an iRider, will they sell the same articles or what do you have for someone else? No, every article they write is unique. And again, like I said, they use copy scrape to, after they write the article, it goes through copy scrape to see if those words have ever been used on the internet anywhere else in that format. If it has, it kicks the article out. So the article will be unique to you and nobody else can ever use that again. Okay. Let's see. Does WordPress collect the money? WordPress, I don't know how they make their money, but it's not off of us. Okay. Someone said, what are the tricky parts with other sites like Craig's List and US Free Ads? There's nothing tricky. You just got to go and do it. We could, I could go and do it on every single site, but we'd be here for two hours. You know what I mean? Like, go to, you know, everyone's going to be different. So if I click on screw.com, again, I'm going to come here and just play with it. Like, do I have for free? I grabbed my account. After I grabbed my account, it's going to tell me what to do. I just do it. Like, I mean, all these things just follow simple instructions. So I just go to each one of them and just follow the instructions that each of these sites give you. Okay. Okay. Good. Someone said, are we going after one keyword or are we going after, okay, good, good question. So what I typically do, so here's my, here's my layout here. I'm going to focus, usually what I'm going to do, let me get another color here so you can see what I'm talking about. Okay. So this is in purple now. So I'm going to pick one keyword, right? And then from that one keyword, I'm usually going to do, if the keyword is high enough, okay. So again, like this one right here, how to invest in gold, that's a big keyword, right? So I'm going to do a lot of stuff. I'm going to do a feeder site. I'm going to do a blog post here. I'm going to do a YouTube video. I'm probably going to do a Squidoo, I'm going to do four or five things because that keyword's huge. Okay. For investing gold, silver, it's a lot smaller. So I might just do a YouTube video for that one because it's a little bit smaller. Okay. Investing gold coins is 4,000 searches. I may do a YouTube video and I may create a unique site with that as well. So it just depends. So the bigger the keyword, the more pages I'm going to create. The smaller the keyword, I may just create a YouTube video. That's the easiest and fastest for me. So I might just do a YouTube video and try to get that right for that keyword. Okay. So that's a really good question. And then basically, I pick each site I'm focusing on one or two or three little, three keywords. Okay. So for example, when I came back here, this blog post, you know, my keyword, the core keyword is how to invest in gold, but then I also have investing gold coins. I have a couple of other keywords in there and I'm probably going to rank those other keywords as well, even though I'm not really trying to. And a lot of those ones are like the really, the small ones that only get like 200 searches a day. The best way to invest in gold, the searches are tiny on that thing. So I may have that phrase somewhere in here. I'll probably rank for it just because it's so small and nobody really cares about it. No one else is fighting for it. You know. Someone said, this is fast-paced. They're going to be a replay. Yes, there's a replay. That'll be up either tonight or tomorrow or hopefully that's we can have a replay for sure. Someone said, satellite pages and theater sites are the same thing. Yes, it's just different ways to tomato tomorrow. Okay. Someone said, will I cover how to get backlinks? Yes, that's the whole next section. We're talking about backlinks. Okay. Someone said, don't I use an outmarket samurai? There's so many keyword tools out there. I could spend a year trying to learn them all. I personally don't. I use jaxie.com. The only one I use, I don't use ad words. I don't use market samurai. I just use jaxie. That's how, again, most of us guys, we're getting too complicated and we're using too many tools to get a process done. All we need to know is which ones to go after. Jaxie gives me everything I personally need to know. Okay. What do you recommend for gold? Okay. It's my golden sequence site. Goldsilversecrets.com. They're asking who built that. If you watched the last webinar, I built it where the guys were there. I built it WordPress. It cost me nothing. It was free. This is the default WordPress installation for my golden sequence site. Again, if you guys missed the golden sequence training last time, go back to philipbookcamp.com and sign up for it because it's obviously a big piece of this. It will help you a lot. Someone said they came in late and they want me to explain everything. I can't show everything now, but there's a replay that will give you access to everything, so I apologize for that. Someone, okay, good question. Someone said, do I post the same articles from iRiders, those article directories? Will they create duplicate content? I typically don't use the same. I wouldn't go post the jaxie mark everywhere. I usually get a new unique article written for each page I'm going to be focusing on. Some people who do just spin them or things like that, you can. For me, this is an investment. If I want this page right here, I'm going to pay $5 to get an article written. I'm going to pay some money to drive backlinks. This is an investment, but look, the investment may be $15, $20 for this whole thing, what all said and done, and I may get $500 a month from it. That's an amazing investment. That's way better than PPC or Facebook ads or anything else. I want to get this page right. I'm going to write a unique article personally. There are shortcuts, so you can definitely shortcut it, get it spun, things like that, and you'll see how to do that here in a little bit, but anyway. Troy's asked a couple times, did I link the first page back to my squeeze page? So he's asking back here, do I link this back to my squeeze page? I will, I don't yet. I haven't yet. Again, I usually wait until this page is ranking before I start adding in all the elements to drive them back to my money site. I'll show you guys that here at the very end. Right now, I'm just trying to get this page ranked. I'm going to make it as clean and as white hat and legitimate looking as possible because I don't want to think I'm trying to sell something. You can, though, you can definitely put a link back to your squeeze page, but I usually do that after I've posted a couple articles and then I come back and I add in banner ads and bunch of stuff that I'll show you at the end of the presentation. Someone said, is having different hosts really that important? No, it's not. It used to be back in the day, it's less important now than it used to be, my opinions. Okay, these questions are the same ones a couple times. Okay, I'm going to keep going. Good question. Someone said, do you use blog networks to rank your sites anymore? Yes and no. Blog networks have changed a lot in the last couple weeks. I'll talk about that here in a minute. Anyway, I'll show you guys what we're talking about. Someone says, where were the replay be at? This is where the replay will be at, phillybootcamp.com slash redgreen123.html. I'll also send you an email to replay. The replay as soon as we get live, this is where the replay will be posted. Don't worry guys, we'll take care of you. We're here to make sure you are successful. Okay, all right. I'm going to jump in. A lot of questions are very similar or they're completely off topic. I don't want to be here for 40 hours. I have my kids tonight, so I'm going to keep moving. We'll do some more questions after the next section. All right, so man, here's my scribble board. Here's everything we covered so far. If you guys have been stuck or confused at all, watch the replay. But this is kind of everything we've covered so far. Now, the next step in this, because you can create a page, but it's kind of like they say in fill the dreams. They always say if you build it, they will come. That's not how it works online. You have to build it and then you have to promote it to get people to come to it. So I'm going to give you guys, I'm going to clear this page out and start going into some SEO 101 so you guys understand how this whole process works. We're talking about how to rank each one of these pages. So first off, do you guys remember where you were when you first heard about Google for the very first time? I always think about stuff like these big huge things that are like amazing. Where was the first time you ever heard about it? So for me, I was in a little town in New Jersey at a local library and some lady sitting in the computer next to me said, I found out this new site named Google.com. It's the best search engine I can actually find I'm looking for. So I went to Google.com and lo and behold, I could find what I was looking for. It was the greatest thing in the world. Changed my whole computer experience after that. So let me explain how Google became Google. So pre-Google, they were search engines. The search engines were really different. They were categorizing things based on all sorts of weird stuff like people that would pay them or they just found sites they liked. There's just a bunch of weird ways and it was hard to find things. You guys remember that? It was hard to find things you actually wanted. So Google came around and they came up with this algorithm and this algorithm is why they're Google right now. It was very, very simple. They said, look, what we're going to do is we're going to base how high this site right here, how it ranks in our listings. Here's Google over here. Here's our top 10. We're going to base how high this person is based on how many other people like the site. How many other sites are linking to this site? And that's how Google became Google. That was their big aha. That was the whole algorithm change. So what happened is if this guy right here had 100 sites linking to him, all he had to do is get 101 sites and move might be in front of him. That's how it basically was. Now, unfortunately, for Google and for the world, is it marketers like us that said, wow, that's all this. They started building sites where they just get a billion links in like 50 seconds. They ranked for everything. So people like us manipulated it, abused the systems. So Google came back and said, look, we got to change this. So they had one of their very first updates. And the first update is, a lot of links is really good, but instead of just a lot of links, let's make sure these links are actually relevant. So this is the sites about birds. Let's make sure that these links are coming from bird sites. And so they can link for some other sites. That's okay, but we're going to wait each of these links. This link, we're going to give it 10% weight. And this link's bird site is 10%. This link's from Craigslist, so we're going to give it 1%. This site's from his mom's blog, so we're going to give it 0.5%. As they started waiting links, so links became more valuable. Links from relevant sites worth more than links from crappy sites. Links from high authority sites, had high pay drink, they called it. They would rank it more. So now, you get an algorithm where you know you just want a lot of links, you want a good links. So that made it a little harder for marketers at first. We came back and figured out other ways around that. And so things came out with new updates. And every single, every four or five months came out with new updates. You probably heard about Panda, and then just recently there's Penguin, and all these different updates that change. And most people look at these updates and they freak out. But if you look at, what's the underlying thing that Google's trying to do? They're trying to make a good searching experience for their end user. That's what they're looking for. And so all you do is when the new update comes out and things change, you look at it and say, okay, what were the changes? Luckily for all of us, there are some brilliant people out there who watch these changes like crazy, and they're monitoring hundreds of thousands of sites. They say, based on my network of 100,000 sites, this is what Google's last update did. I spent like two hours last night just reading on Google Penguin Update. We've done a lot of things that tweaked some things and changed some things and got our sites ranking even better now than before, but all came back just understanding what was the algorithm change? What did Google change to make things increase better? But still, the core of search engines are all back links. So you have a page and there's, let me step back. There's kind of two things. The first one is called on-site SEO. SEO stands for search engine optimization. So on-site. So things you do actually on your website. So you come back here, again, here, this nice thing about WordPress, WordPress does all the on-site stuff for you primarily. So like for example, they want your H1 tag to have your keyword in it. So you notice this, I'm in my blog post, it says, invest in gold is my keyword, guess what, or how to invest in gold is my keyword, and guess what? Because I made it my title, WordPress automatically made that my H1 tag. Okay, it wants to have the keywords in your article and things like that. Basically, it's nice because on-site WordPress and writing articles where I just showed you will take care of most of that for you. So you don't have to worry too much about it. The second aspect is called off-site. These are all the things that are happening off of your website that are pointing back into your website. These are all links basically. So who's linking to you? How are they linking to you? So that's kind of the process. So if you're down here on page three in Google, and you want to get up here to page number one, really the key is you got to get links to your page. The more links you get, the higher you're going to rank. Like that's literally like that's the SEO game. Like I said, there's nuances. There's things that tweak, there's things that change. How you get links, the type of links, all those kind of things change, but the goal is really use the links. So I know a lot of you right now who are on this webinar, either have heard about like the most recent update or they're nervous about it or some of you guys have no idea about. So I'm going to share with you really quick just so you know kind of what's happening in the SEO world right now because when you're aware of it, it's nothing to be afraid of. So the newest update that came out was called Panda. Panda was looking, Panda did a couple things. The first thing is it made, they've had this before, but this one became even more important, is they wanted to make sure it was coming from relevant, your links were from relevant sites. Relevant sites, okay. So that's the key. The more relevant sites linking to you, the better. I'm going to show you how to get relevant links very, very easily. The second thing is they changed how the anchor text is supposed to work. Anchor text. So I know I don't anchor text this, let me explain that. You know you go to website and you see something that says, click here, click here, and it's like a blue underlined text and if you click there, it takes you to the website, right? So that's kind of what, that's what anchor text is. So let me show you, for example, I go to Google right now. Click here. Guess what pops up first. Guess how funny, Adobe Acrobat pops up first because everyone always says, and this is on like a million web pages, it says, if you don't have, if you don't have Adobe or if you can't read this PDF, click here to download Adobe Acrobat Reader. Okay, so the keyword says, click here, and they click on it and it takes them to the page. So that's what anchor text is. Okay, now back in the day, pre-Penguin, what you wanted is you wanted like 90% of your links to have that anchor text. So if this page, if I was trying to rank this page for gold investing, gold investing, and I wanted to link on some other pages, say, gold investing, gold investing. I want that to be the blue underlined link. So I clicked on it, I wanted to take it to the page. Okay, so that was a big thing. So when we should do back linking, 90% of our links said that gold investing in it, right? Whatever the keyword I was focusing on. Does that make sense, you guys? It's a little technical for some, you know, for some of the beginners. If it's technical, don't worry about it. I'm just explaining kind of the philosophy of having a new update. With the new update, what they found is Google-sided, that's not natural. It's not natural to have 90% of your links to have the hypertext or you have the anchor text in it. Okay, because think about natural again. When you guys post on your blog, do you ever use anchor text? You know, I don't think rarely we ever really do that. So it wasn't natural to Google. So before they rewarded you with your 90%. Now they want your anchor text at 50%. Okay, so if 50% of your links can or should have your actual keyword in them. Okay, so if you come back here to the handouts, go to our handouts right here. We're down here now on number, page 10. Again, only 50% of your text should be anchor links. Okay, and again, that used to be like, we used to want 90% of that. So we want 50% of our links, anchor links. So what's interesting is all of our sites that got hurt during the Penguin Update, we started slamming a bunch of links that weren't anchor text at it and boom, it offset that ratio and boom, our ranking started rising again. Is that interesting? So what do you do with the other links? The other links, and again, if you don't know how this linking thing works yet, well, I'll show you guys in a minute, so don't stress out about it. I'll show you this, but just keep some back your heads. The other 50% of links should be other things, like just a direct link to your domain name. Okay, most people linking to you are just going to put a direct link. So some links that are just www, some that are HTTP, www, some that are click here, some that are other keywords. Okay, so you're buying links, you're getting links, you're doing links, you just want to be more diverse. Okay, using a lot of different anchor text when you're getting your links. Okay, that was a huge one with the Penguin Update. Okay, and there's a couple other ones. Blog networks got hit. It was more of a manual thing, so you still use blog networks if you do them correctly. I'm not going to show you some other stuff that's different than blog networks, but folks who are asking that question. The other big one that was kind of a hit is they used to give you a lot of relevancy if you had the keywords in the domain, like I showed you earlier. Keywords in domain. That used to be a huge huge deal, and they didn't penalize you for that, but they took away the benefit of that. So if you had like, if your keyword was make money, you want to make money.com, they'd rank you high because of that. Now, they just kind of took away that benefit so your site would have dropped. It didn't hurt you, but it wasn't like you got penalized, you just lost the benefit of that. So there's kind of linking, that's the Penguin Update was. So as long as you understand that, you understand, hey, when I link, I want to make sure I'm linking from relevant sites, I want to make sure only half of my keywords have the actual keyword, of other things. Those are the kind of core things. If you're doing those things, you're going to be fine. All right, and then the last big one, and this is something that's very, very important to understand, Google started giving huge, huge, huge, huge benefit to people that are using social media, but like social sites. For example, if you have a page and somebody gives you a Facebook like, or a Google Plus like, or they tweet about things like that, that relevancy is just shot up dramatically. And so we want people liking our pages, because if they like our pages, guess what? Google awards you for that, you're going to rank higher now. We want people to Google Plus our pages, because if we do, Google's going to award us. That was the other really, really big one. In fact, I had this whole section last night, as you guys will see down here. Step number seven, this is going to show you how to get tons of people liking your pages. Okay, in a very organic, very clean, very white hat way. So that's important. Okay, so there's kind of, again, for those of you who never wanted to learn SEO, that's more than you ever want to know. It's not important. That's what that's, I shared all that for the technical people who want to know it. Those who are beginners, all you need to know is we just created some pages, right? We got to slam some backlinks into those pages. I'm going to show you guys the right way to get those backlinks. Okay, and again, the more backlinks you get, the higher you're going to raise in the rankings. Okay, all right, so let me dive back in over here. Okay, so we get backlinks. Okay, step number four is how to get the backlinks. Again, one big key of this is that if I just go and I slam a thousand backlinks into my page tomorrow, guess what happens? Google says there's no way you got a thousand backlinks in one day. This is not relevant, or this is not legitimate. This is obviously some marketers trying to do marketing tricks, right? So what you want to do is the very first 30 days, again, this is a slow organic process. The first 30 days, I just want 25 links a day going to this page. Okay, I'm going to start slow so it seems natural. Okay, so for this great page, this great page I just created with you guys right here, How to Invest in Gold. If I click on the blog post, it'll take me to the page. So this is the actual page, How to Invest in Gold, how to invest in gold, x.com slash how to invest in gold. This page right here, I want to start getting 25 links a day to it consistently for the next 30 days. Okay, I'm going to show you guys how to do that here in a second. That's the key, 25 links a day. And then after that, we can start ramping it up. Again, 50% of links should be anchor text links, and 50% should be other things like these. Okay, all right. Okay, step number five now. So back linking tools. Now there's a lot of tools you can use to get back links. Some are better than others. I'm going to show you guys some of the ones that we use the most. But basically, I'm going to give you guys a handful of tools, and from those tools, you have to pick what it is that you guys like the most. Okay, so the tool that I like the most, because it gives me the ability to drip feed my things, is unique article wizard. Okay, if you go to uniquearticlewizard.com, you can get an account, or just go here, and then that way I get a fillet commission. I don't care if I get a commission, or not, it's a great tool. You should all have an account to it. It's kind of funny, we have outsourcers who use it, and I couldn't find our password last night from the outsourcers, for me to play with it, and kind of start using it again. I used to use it back in the day, when I learned how to work, and I gave it to him, handed it off to our outsourcers. And I couldn't find the login, so I actually got a new account, set it up, and so I did this whole process last night, and I'm going to show you guys how it works, because it's very, very, very powerful. So basically the way that unique article wizard works, I take this back. Okay, it's kind of a couple step process. So I have my page I just created over here, right? This can be my YouTube page, it can be my new website set up, it can be a blog post, whatever. Here's the page, right? Unique article wizard is basically it's a software program. I log in to the software, and what I'm going to do is I'm going to create an article. Okay, these articles have, say, three paragraphs, right? Paragraph one, two, and three. Then it takes that article, and it's going to turn it into a lot of different articles, like 20 or 30 or 40 different articles. Actually, I think when it ends up being done, it creates like a thousand different articles, right? Okay, so it creates a whole bunch of unique different articles. Then what it does is it takes those articles, and they have a network of hundreds of thousands of sites, and I say, okay, my site over here that I want to link to is about what? It's about gold and silver investing. It's about weight loss. It's about whatever topic it's about, and then what it does is it comes back, and it finds all the different blogs in their blog network. They're on the same topic as mine. Remember to talk about you want relevant blogs, and it takes one version's article, it posts it here, and it drops back links back to my page. Then it takes a new version of the article, drops it here, takes the next page, and it keeps spinning this article, creating new articles, and it drops on these people's blogs, and then drops links back to my site. Okay, so it's cool. I write one article, and I'm going to spin it three different ways, and I'll show you guys how this whole process works. I then set a timer saying I want 25 links a day, and then I push a button, and I'm done. And then see what we're going here, and boom, it goes, it'll submit 25 links a day and all these different blogs, and I'll keep doing that for the 30 days. Okay, after three days, I can increase that, so I can now want 50 links a day. I want 100 links a day. You can start increasing it, but it's very powerful. Okay, so it's nice about unique article wizard, why it's probably my favorite. As soon as my piece of each page is created, then I go in here, and either I do this, or I hire someone off Iwriter, or I have an outsource worker do it. They come in here, they basically, they fill out the article, the wizard, I'll show you guys the wizard, it's really simple. They fill out the wizard, the type of how my links they want, and then I walk away from it, and I don't think about it again. It starts dropping these links 25 a day, magically without me ever thinking about it, and just works like magic. Is that cool, you guys? So that's how unique article wizard works. So let me actually show you the process you guys see in action. Here's unique article wizard. The one that I did last night, I have to go and actually tweak something. I messed up something, but after you log in, I think it's $67 a month, so it's not cheap, but it's definitely worth it, especially if you want to go out there and get that many links a day, because I got you a lot more money than $67 a month, I promise you that. It's a really cool tool. So you come here to submit articles, and you go to easy wizard, it makes it a little bigger actually. The easy wizard, and what's cool about this is there's a wizard that walks through every single step of it, so you can't get stuck. I literally watched every step last night, I'm like, this is so easy, they give me a video on every one. So step one, I watch this video, it tells me how to use the wizard. When it's done, I click on continue, then it says, create a project name. So now that you have two of the wizard, check out this whole video showing me how to create a project name. So I'm going to do gold, silver, test, so that's my test one. Okay, so I create a name, then I click on step number, click on next step, then boom, it asks me next step. Who's the author's name, and it goes right here, it gives the whole video telling me how to do it. Russell Brunson. Okay, next step. So you use this as guys, like it's so simple. Now it's going to say, okay, so now this is the complicated, not the complicated step, this is the big step. And again, I'm showing you guys this, but you don't need to be doing it. You can have someone off five or do it, you can have someone off Odesk, I'll show you how to get people to do it, but this is the process, you understand it. Again, as the entrepreneur, we want to understand the process, we don't necessarily have to do the process. So watch this video, it explains how the thing works. Basically what I need to do is I'm going to create some articles. If I click here, it shows you what it looks like. So I'm going to create an article, the version one right here, this is an article, this is the title of the article, this is paragraph one, two, three, four, five, six, okay, so it's got six paragraphs in this article. So I'm going to create that one article first, and then watch through the process for me to rewrite each of the paragraphs. So I end up with all of a sudden, then I have three titles I have, what six times three, I have 18 different paragraphs written. For those three articles, those three titles, those 18 paragraphs, it can give you 25 links a day forever. Okay, it's pretty sweet, you guys, you love this. So now I'm going to actually do it. So I'm going to step number one right here. What's going to do is I'm going to have you actually write the article. Okay, and again, if you don't want to write this, you go to irider.com, have someone write it, whatever it is, you write the article, and let's see, I'm going to grab one, so I don't have to write one, we guys are all sitting here. So here's my article. Okay, where are we at? Okay, so post the article right here, it checks out, says there's 507 words and seven paragraphs. So there, my article is finished. Okay, I go to step, go to the next step, because back here it explains how to create your three titles. So make title number one is going to be, I'll come back here, title number one, how to invest in gold, learn, learn, gold, secrets, cool, gold tips. Okay, so I would normally in my titles, I would use my keywords somehow, but that's basically how it works. Again, if you're stuck, watch this video, walk you through it, go to the next step. Okay, now write multiple paragraphs. So now it comes back here, this is paragraph one of my article. Okay, so if you come back here, this is the very first paragraph, my article back here. So here's an article, here's paragraph one, now rewrite this paragraph. So I'm going to sit here, I'll take a little while, but I'll sit here, I'll rewrite the same paragraph, I'll say the exact same thing, just different words. So instead of gold is the ultimate hedge of dollar and investment, I say, did you know that gold is considered the ultimate, oh, okay, and in article three, some people don't know that gold is actually the ultimate oval. Okay, so that's how you write the three paragraphs, the next paragraph, next, oh, I'm going to make me actually write something. Okay, now if I was going to use for real, I would take a little more time on this to make sure that my paragraphs actually made sense. Right now, I just want to show you guys the process. Next paragraph, so I go through this wizard. Next wizard, next step. Paragraph, yeah, I picked a long article, I got like 17 paragraphs. Okay, all right, so because of that way, there's some errors and some problems. So I'm going to actually do this, I'm going to come back here and show you guys the one that I did. Okay, so this is what I did last night. Let's see. Okay, and I just spent some, actually the time I wrote, I wrote these articles all on myself, just so I could show you guys that I can actually do this stuff too. So here's the one I wrote last night, so you can see, it makes a little bigger, just to actually see it. So here's the three tiles I wrote. So first one was, I learned how to invest in gold to sip away without a middleman. Next one's 24 year old, kid discovers how to invest in gold 50 cents on a dollar, third one's discovered how 24 year old kid, old wise kid cracks the secret how to invest in gold 50 cents on a dollar. There's my three titles and then, boom, here's the article I wrote. So the first one right here, and if you notice this article is very similar to like the blog post on my golden sequence site, it says, hey, have you seen companies online or have you seen companies on TV or online who, or when you're walking down the road in your hometown that say they'll pay cash for gold, do you ever wonder why there are so many people begging for your gold? So then that's the first paragraph, the article. Then I had it, they had me rewrite it. So the second one said, have you ever wonder about so many people on TV or online or even, or even when you're walking down the road in your hometown have ads that say they'll pay you cash for your gold or silver? And third time, online, on TV and in your home, your hometown or hundreds of people who want to pay you money for your silver and gold. Have you ever wondered why there are a lot of people who want to buy it from you? Okay, so same exact same thing, just different words. Same, second paragraph, same thing, third paragraph, same, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh. Okay, so I created out, I created those articles. And then I made my resource box, same thing, I made three different resource boxes. Then I picked the categories I wanted to go to, some investment sites, business finance site, and investing sites. So what's cool is it only will submit these articles to investment sites. So again, my links are very relevant. And then I start my submission date, how soon I want to start and then how many submissions I want a day, just 25, we've got submit and boom, it starts happening. Okay, so that's basically how unique article was works guys, it's not super complicated, it's pretty simple to work. Like I said, it does this thing and then boom, it starts to set 25 links a day. Like I said in a month, now I'll come back and check it, I'll increase that to 50 links to 100 links depending on, or if the site's already ranked on where I want it to be, I'll just stop right there. I'll keep it, I'll keep submitting 25 links a day so it's natural, but I'm not going to go and keep driving thousands of links if I'm already on page number one. My goal with this is to get this page ranked on Google. So the first 30 days I'm going to be very kind of passive and cautious and watch as it goes up through the rankings. I go from the 50th page to the 20th to the 10th to the first page and then the second spot, the third spot, the fourth spot and keep going up. Now if you guys have picked the right keywords, if you do these green light keywords that we're talking about here, in 30 days, 25 links a day at 30 days, you're probably going to be on page number one because they're green light keywords, they're simple ones, there's not a lot of competition out there. What else is cool about it is I can do the same process and boom, right here, this is my blog page, but then here is my YouTube video for the same keyword. Then I go into the exact same process over here, the article was here, I submit the same articles, posting out of my YouTube video and now I'm going to watch this YouTube video starts rising up in the rankings. Then I pick my Craigslist page or my Squidu Lens or whatever it is and come in here and get the articles written. I post them to the page and boom, I start watching it rise in the rankings. You see how cool that is? It gives you the ability where you don't have to go and become an SEO nerd, you just have to go and find somebody who can write articles and submit them for you because it's really not more technical than that, you guys. The most technical thing is going to be for you is just finding the right person to have them do this. You can show this webinar and say, watch the thing that Russell talked about, you're a techie guy, can you just do that for me all day long and most of them will say, yep, I'm in. It's seriously a very simple and easy process. Let me show you the next thing then. So that's how unique article was there works. Like I said, guys, their support's amazing, they have online staff, so if you get stuck, click on online support. I was on a flight 20 minutes yesterday with the guy because I got stuck and he's like, yeah, do this, this, and that, so I'm like, oh, sweet. So it's very easy, great support for you or for your outsourcers. Every step they have a little video that walks you through exactly what to do, what to do next. So it's very simple, very easy. Yeah, so that's pretty much it. Again, guys, I don't expect you guys to be writing these articles. I did these ones yesterday just to see the process. It was not fun. I did not enjoy it. It took me a long time, but I did it once and I think all you guys should do it once because then you're going to see the process. After you do it once, it's very easy to now give one of these articles to someone and say, this is the article, I did something similar. I need 25 more links on this page, this page, and this page. Okay, then go on there, do it over and over and over and over again. Okay, all right, so let me show you guys a couple more things then. So there's unique articles here. This is one I recommend. This is one you guys should all become masters at. This is one that's just, it's just, it's a no brainer. You should be doing it. Okay, that's the first one. Next one, and again, there's a lot of ways to get links. Some are shady, some are good. Obviously, I'm going to show you the ones that we're currently using because I know they work. I'm sure there's other ones out there you guys have used that may have success, some that you've heard of. I don't want to comment on them. I'm just going to show you the ones we're using right now. The next one is Link Juicer. This one's similar except you pay for the links. They come from really good quality sites. I think you pay, how much we pay for this one? Okay, so $47 a month and then you have to 1,500 inbound links every single month. Okay, so this one's, if you don't want to do anything, you just pay these guys and boom, you give them all your money pages. Here's, or your feeder sites. Here's my YouTube video. Here's this, here's this, and I'll get how many links you want to go to each one and they'll drive links for you as well. Okay, so some of you guys, this may be a really good option as well. The Link Juicer. Okay, and again, these are all inside of the, all inside of the workbook for you guys here. Okay, Link Juicer. Okay, the next one is, lo and behold, who knew that Fiverr.com could also get links for your site. Okay, now, there's, I want to warn you ahead of time, because there's a lot of linking things on Fiverr. Some are no good. Some are horrible. The ones that I like, I like Link Wheels. Let me show you what a Link Wheel is. Basically, I'll sketch out what I'm waiting for it to load. So this is kind of what, how Link Wheel works. So Link Wheel works like this. You have your, your feeder site here in the middle and when Link Wheel is, they'll go out there and they'll get a page on like hub pages and Squidoo and all these other, these social sites that we're talking about and they build a wheel around. So it's kind of like the feeder thing we're talking about, but they use, like, this site to link to this one, this site to link to this one, this site to link this one, and they kind of link around in a wheel and then all these sites link back to you as well. That's basically how it works. Okay, and Link Wheels are pretty cool. They still work pretty well for us. So I go to Fiverr, type in Link Wheels. Make it bigger, she can see. The idea is I click on Rating because there's a lot of people selling Link Wheels. I've got 541. So like, which one do you use? So I click on Rating. What will happen is people, it'll rate it by which one has the most success that people like. So this later right here, she'll be able to be Link Wheel with six high PR blogs manually and then create 3,000 backlinks on them for five bucks. Okay, pretty sweet deal. I think so. And she's had over 5,000 sales, eight years experience as an SEO consultant. Okay, that's pretty awesome for five bucks. I like this lady a lot. So take her seven days to build the whole thing for you and it costs you five dollars. Okay, and check this out. You got 4,900, 60 people, loved her, 45 didn't like her. So you can look through and see what people like. Well, this guy, 10 hours ago, went from nowhere to page number, ranking number two. There's a main keyword from one Link Wheel. That's awesome. Okay, so I get a lot of Link Wheels. I will probably buy some Link Wheels for this page just because I like Link Wheels. They're great. So that's one thing to do. Another one on Viverlake a lot is Link Pyramids. Okay, Link Pyramids are similar Link Wheels. Instead of like a wheel, it's more like a pyramid. Hence the name, Link Pyramid. Okay, so you have your money slide up here at the top and they get like four or five sites down here, all to link to you. And then they get like, it's kind of like an MLM scheme. Okay, and they get a bunch of sites down here to link to those sites. They get sites down here linking to those sites. Okay, so it makes this big pyramid. So these ones are the only ones linking to you, but then all these ones are linking to these guys, and then all these ones are linking to these guys and just builds the credibility up. Okay, all the way up along the thing. So again, Link Pyramids, boom, there's tons of them. Check this one, this one guy beats Panda and Penguins with the Link Pyramid. Okay, you get to click on ratings, find out who other people had a good success with, so you don't get ripped off. And boom, top rate seller right here. This guy's going to build a huge backlink pyramid of 5000 profile links for $5. Four days will take him to do. He's got 8000 positive reviews, zero negative reviews. Wow, this guy's a rockstar. Okay, so for $5, he will build you this entire huge thing. That awesome, you guys? Okay, so Fiverr's like, you don't use Fiverr's, you're excited by Fiverr after today's webinar, and you're crazy. In fact, I bet you $50, let's try this. Unique article, unique article wizard. I bet there's people here who will submit articles for me through their article wizard account. Yeah, checks out. So this guy right here for $5, he will rewrite your articles using TBS, submit your unique article wizard, submit two unique article wizard for thousands of backlinks. So if you don't even want to get an account unique article wizard, pay this dude $5 and he'll do the whole article for you. 41 positive people, they loved it. Zero negative reviews. Okay, I'm going to go from rating here. I'll see if there's someone really high up there for a unique article wizard. Okay, so most of these tasks, I'm showing you guys the concept behind it, because I really think it's important for the entrepreneur to understand the process. I do not think it's important for the entrepreneur to do the process, maybe once, but the most part, your guys job is to understand the stuff so you can get other people doing these things for you, right? So you can create your own system. Yeah, again, here's the article wizard, $5, you will submit your thing to article wizard, six days. Yeah, that's awesome. Okay, so link pyramids. Let me show them what they're really like. I really like dot edu.gov links. If you ever talked about the quality links, they're very important. So it's not possible for anyone in the world to get a dot edu or dot government dot gov link. And so where are we at? So Google ranks was really high. So type in dot edu. And what happens is people have like blogs on college blogs and stuff like that and the link from their college blog to you. This guy will give you 500 quality edu back links and 1,000 instant back links to your site by posting comments for five bucks. So there's 500 links. Now remember, the one concern I have with some of these things, you guys, remember we talked about you want 25 links a day. I like you, you got a wizard because you'll start slow. But after a month, things are starting to rise in rankings. You're not quite where you want to go yet. That's why you somebody has to really push, you know, give myself a little boost out, you know, boost through the rankings. It's something like this. I wouldn't come out day number one and drop 1,000 links to your site. That's not going to benefit you at all. Coming in, doing the 25 links a day, you know, you get you get pays number one, but your number eight spot or number nine spot and you want to be up higher. You know, I'm going to come in and do a push. I'm going to drive some edu back links. Here's some dot gov. You know, gov are government sites. Again, not easy to get dot gov links, but there are people, I don't know how you guys do it. I really have no idea. But um, but yeah, so they got these dot gov links coming in for here's 10 PR nine do follow government links for five bucks. That crazy, you guys. 10 PR nine links from a dot gov site, five bucks. Okay. There's like I said, there's really, really awesome linking stuff you can do here in Fiverr. Can't you guys heard about traffic geyser or SC nuke, all these are software programs that are hundreds or thousands of dollars to buy? Okay. Check that like by typing traffic geyser. Guess what's going to happen? There will be people somewhere in the world for five bucks who will submit my entire video to all traffic geyser. Okay. That's better than paying 97 bucks a month for traffic geyser, right? You think? Okay. So there's like, there's a lot of different things to do to start getting more and more links. Okay. We can start with the, the slow drip process through the unique article wizard or link juicer. Again, this is this one you're, you're kind of working more. It's when you're just paying to have it happen and then come in here and give yourself boost through five. You're, you do link will do link pyramid. Just dot edu.gov links. Now so you can start really ramping this, these things up. Okay. Now number seven here, this is a, this is the secret that I learned from a guy named Paul Lynch and this has gotten me ranked for the most competitive keywords in the history of the planet. Do you guys want to know what it is? Cause it's really cool. Only a few guys would actually do this though. So maybe I won't share it to you guys. Okay. Fine. I really like you guys want it. Okay. So this is the concept I learned from Paul Lynch. Okay. And it's brilliant. In fact, he's got a whole huge SEO company based off of this, this concept. Okay. So what he does is he goes to Google and he finds the dudes and the ladies who are ranked in the top 10 for the keyword he wishes he was for. Okay. Or a very similar keyword. Okay. Now this guy, Google already ranks a number. Let's say, let's just say it's make money. Okay. That's the one we were doing with. It says make money is the keyword. Okay. So type in like Google boom, here's the top 10 people. Okay. Now what Paul does is he says, this guy Google already ranks number one for what, for the word make money. So if I get a keyword from a guy who's ranked number one for make money, how much does Google value that link for? Okay. They're going to value it for a lot. They're going to say that's an amazing link to have. And they're going to give you tons of credit for that. Okay. So he does, he comes back here to somewhere right here. And then here's his site right here. Okay. So this is like he wants to rank. Actually, let me see if I can draw this better. Okay. So this is Google at the top. So here is, so you pick this guy here. This is his website. And then here is Paul's website. And then here on the side is a, is a dot edu or dot gov link. E-D-U. Okay. So Paul is coming back to say, Hey dude, I want your site. Saw your number four right here for make money. I would love to have you link from your site over back to my site. And the guy says, are you crazy? Why would I do that? It would lose all the credibility because my rate number one for that keyword, I don't want to give that credibility to you. So how about this? I got something you really want. I got a link on edu site or I got 10 links or 50, whatever it is. I give you 15 links on edu site. If you give me one link back to my site. So finally he gets these guys to do it. He links from his edu site to their site. They then link to his site and boom, what happens is almost overnight, he jumps up on like hyper competitive keywords up there with people like that. Does that make sense you guys? So you're using this, we call it link bait. Okay. I see a lot of people that will go and they'll go and buy a site that has like PR seven, PR seven and the link base. They'll like you link to me, I'll link to you link to my site over here. I'll give you the PR seven link and use this link bait. It's a very, very, very powerful strategy. So what we're doing right now, this is my big secret. I shouldn't share with you guys is I'm getting that edu links. I paid five bucks from over here and I can go to someone and say, look, I'll give you 500 quality edu links and a thousand instant back lease your site. If you'll drop a link back to my site. This person's like, that's a sweet deal. Where else do we get 500 edu links for that? So he drops the link back to my site. I go to five or pay five bucks, drop the links back to his site. Everybody wins. We're all happy. Okay. So for the more advanced people, that is a strategy that can and should make you a lot of money. Okay. If you missed that or you're not ready for yet, be sure to watch the webinar as you kind of start getting more into this because that is just what I just gave you guys is, yeah, I see the comments. Yeah. That was pure gold. Okay. That little secret right there. Hope you guys, I hope you loved it. Okay. Let me jump back into this really quick. A couple more things and we're about two hour mark. So a couple more things and we'll take another break. The next thing is a site called dropmylink.com. This is just a really cool site that we use a lot for dropmylink.com. It's basically, it's a site that finds .edu sites, .gov sites, all these sites that allow you to link. So let's say I want to link from, let's say I'm in the weight loss space. I'm typing weight, loss, edu blogs. I click search. Because it pulls up, here's a whole bunch of blogs that are on .edu sites that allow comments. So I, so check this out. I just got 1200 sites that are about weight loss that are .edu sites that I can comment on the blog and drop a blog comment. That makes sense. So you gotta go right here. This is blog.womenshealth.northwestern.edu. I can post a comment on this blog. I come right here. I respond back to the thing. I post a comment. I drop and make sure it's an intelligent comment. It'll be a spammer. Put a good comment in there and drop a link back to your site and boom, I just got a link from a .edu site that's in my niche. Okay. Remember we talked about relevancy, how important that is? Okay. This is perfectly relevant. Okay. It's weight loss, link going on weight loss site. Okay. So for example, if I, if I went back to drop my link again, let me type in gold investing. Like search. Boom. Okay. I'm actually just right out with you guys. This will be fun. Okay. News and events. Okay. So this is a Penn State blog. This is on Penn State site. This is awesome. You guys, Penn State is going to link to me right now. So let me find, let me find a site about gold. Okay. So this was talking about gold. So this one wasn't quite relevant. It's talking about gold silver, like metals. I don't want that. I want gold investing. So you come down here. Investors. Okay. Let's see. Okay. So here's, it's on Stanford site. It's talking about scam artists. So prime target scam artist. Okay. So it should allow me to comment very much. I'm just going to. Okay. I'm going to come back to Penn State one because I think that one had a place. So I come here, find the article. Great. Of course, I'm trying to just lie. I can't find the right one. Okay. We'll find one here in a sec. I have one that I'm supposed to blog comment. Boom. I'm supposed to comment. And these are all do follow comments. They only post sites that do follow. I'm going to leave a comment right here. Boom. So I can say, so, uh, Okay. So Russell, gold, silver guy. About comms, but email. No. Okay. My comment would basically be, again, I wish I would feel bad that my time is relevant. It should be, but I'm sorry that I missed Carol and the RTO guys because this is a post about her speaking. Speaking. Speaking. I heard it was awesome. Um, I'll make sure I get on the calendar to mark for next year. Thanks, Russell, the big, gold, silver secrets.com. Okay. So I'm not going to post this because it's not relevant, but if it was relevant, I post it like that, drop it. Boom. I just got a, you know, a backlink from a, from University of Nebraska's blog. You see how powerful that kind of stuff is. So that's what I love about, uh, drop my link. You can find, um, that you use.gov's, Angela back links, like all these sites and they're very, they're all very, very niche specific to exactly niche your in. So again, when you use those things, it's when you are trying to rise up the rankings. Okay. You're, you're number eight, you're like number seven or six. Okay. Go to do follow drop five or six links coming from these different blogs, you know, and just little things to keep pushing, pushing your ranking up. Okay. All right. Where are we at? I'll drop my link. Okay. Ping farm. Yeah. Okay. So let's see. Actually, don't do that next. Yeah. I'm going to share this on the next one. So, um, we're going to take a quick, because we're, we're two hours smart. I'm going to take a break really quick and then we're going to come back to the ping farm thing right here. So, so we've been going for two hours straight. You know, some of you guys need bathroom breaks. I need a quick bathroom break. So let's take a 10, a seven minute break. So it's four or three my time right now. So four, 10 my time where you get started. I'll probably come back in about five minutes to start answering questions again. Let's take a quick break because I know two hours long time to sit. So go to the bathroom, get everything to that. We're going to come back and we got, um, probably an hour left. I think we should be done. We're going to be covering, uh, linking to link, social linking, uh, and the red light stuff and then how to structure your site after it's been ranked. Um, some really cool exciting things. So go take a quick bathroom break and move back in seven minutes. Okay.