Great question. So how do you know when your sites are getting ranked? Great question. Okay, this is a tool I use called Rankerizer. It's free. It's from Brad Callan, who is an awesome guy. Anyway, you go to Rankerizer.com, fill in the form, and it gives you software you download. You put in your keywords, and then it tells you where you're at. So right now you're at number three, or you're number two, 58, or number billion. And you can track and see as you bring it up and down, stuff like that. So great question. It's free tool, Rankerizer. Great question. Oh, so I'm sending you a countdown timer. Don't worry, we haven't started yet. I'm just kind of answering some questions while we're going. Good questions. Okay. So when you've linked to a site, how does it show up on their site or on yours? When you're putting a link on somebody else's site, when they click on the link, it takes them back to your site. I hope that makes sense. Okay. Someone asked another question about the golden sequence stuff. How it works when you find a product. We spent four hours, like three weeks, we'll talk about that. If you miss that, you want to find out how to build a golden sequence site. Just go to affiliate. Oops. Affiliate Bootcamp.com. Oh, it's like a huge. The training you guys are all in right now is at the top. Scroll down below. This is last training called the golden sequence. It's often here, you can sign up for the golden sequence. It's a four-hour webinar that we did last couple of weeks ago. Okay, rancorizer.com. Some of you guys are asking how you know what your ranking is. Go to rancorizer.com. So it's awesome. Okay, we are two hours and 15 minutes into this. Let's get started again. I don't want to spend more than probably 45 minutes on this. I think we should be able to be done next 45 minutes. So we are just going to dive right in and give you guys some more good stuff. Okay, so. Alright, so now we talk about linking, right? Let me reset this. So we have our feeder site. And it could be a YouTube video, it could be a page. Anything we show you is how to do it right now, right? Our goal is obviously to go find other websites out here. Put links on their websites. Pointing back to ours. Okay, and the more relevant good quality links we get, the higher we will go up inside of good old Google. So that's the first step, is linking to yourself. And the second step, because you want these sites to be good sites, right? The more quality these sites are, the higher you are going to be ranked. That makes sense? So this site sucks. Nobody has ever visited it before. Google is going to be like, there is no one linking the site. It's lame. So that link gets zero value. But let's say there's like 10 or 1000 or 100 people all linking to this page. What would happen? All of a sudden the credibility of this site goes up. So as link value goes up, it's now the link coming to you is worth a lot more weight. So step number one in this process is link to your site. Step number two is link to your links. We call it link to links. L2L. So let me show you how that works. So first thing is, how in the world do I find out who's linking to me? The best one is this opensiteexplore.org. This is a free tool by SEO Moz. I just want to type in dot com secrets dot com. So you type in your feeder site. It's going to show me everybody that's linking to my site. I'll take a second to load here. So now I know who's linking to me. I can go back and start linking to those people. So it shows 1,763 domains are linking to me. So that's one really easy way to do it. All this site's linking to me. So I'm trying to get the way to export this. You can download this CSV. So you export it. Now you have a list of all the people that are linking to you. Another good way is when you go to fiverr.com, after someone gives links to you, they always give you an Excel sheet with here's all the pages we put a link on. Here's a list of 1,000 different places we have links on. Anyway, anytime you get a link, if you can find out where that link's at, and this isn't hugely important if you're going after the green light words. This is like if you're stuck and you can't break onto page one, or you're stuck at nine, you can't break out, you try everything else, this is the next process. So this is something we all do by default. This is like when I'm stuck and I need to get that last big ranking, I need to get the last push we link to our links. This is more of an advanced strategy. So if you're beginning, don't worry about this part, but if you're there and you try to get how to get the next step, it all comes down to linking to your links. So again, OpenSite Explorer is a great place. To find out where your links are, the other one we have here in the workbook is backlinkwatch.com. The same process here basically, type in the domain again. This one's crazy, they try to sell it in a million different places. Even like here's the click button right above, it's like oh buy some visitors, which everything else is crap on here, don't buy anything else, just check it for your links. But boom, here it is, there's how many they find. Found a lot. So you got a thousand sites, oh it's still going. So a thousand thirty sites, all the sites are linking back to my site. So again, if I drive links to any of these pages, it'll increase the links online. So sometimes you say, Russell, a lot of times people are nervous, like here's my money site, I don't want to drive links, some links to the site, some of the spamier ones, not spamier, but some of the more mass ones, right? Some links you can buy, they're like crazy, like Scrapebox, those things, 20,000 links overnight. Now I never do that to my feeder sites or my money sites, but if I know that this site over here is linking to me, maybe I'll drop a whole bunch of links to the site, because if it drops this one's link, it's not my site, I don't lose the benefit of it, but if it does increase the benefit then it helps you even more. So I'm a lot more aggressive and I'm linking to my links. I will go and I'll use blog networks, the ones that have had some of the negative things lately, I'll use the blog networks to link back to my links. I'll use Fiverr to use some of the mass linking things to link back to my links. But again, that's like the strategy when you're trying to get higher in the, you know, when you really hit a plateau and you can't get past it, you can't get past it, that's when you step back and start linking to your links. I don't spend a lot of time on that, because a lot of you guys aren't there yet and you won't be there for a while, but just I wanted to put it in here so you guys understand that's kind of the next phase in the process. Let me pull back up the workbook here. Okay, and this is like, again, there's two core ways that we link to our links, versus using all the strategies above what we showed you. Second way is this RSS feed trick, where basically you turn each of your links into an RSS feed and then you use feed burdens to kind of wrap that RSS feed and then you submit it to these RSS sites, which will get links back to you. That's kind of technical, it's kind of outside the scope of this training, I just wanted to put that in there. So when you're advanced enough to want to do that stuff, there it is for you, that's how we link to our links. Okay, now this part is an important thing and I do want to talk about this for a little bit. This is the social part of it. So remember earlier I was talking about, let's see, I was talking about how Google, how their algorithms have changed recently, right? One of the big things that they're looking for right now is they want to see obviously linking coming to you. This is all based off the Penguin Update case, this is all in the last three weeks, the big shakeup that everyone's freaking out about. Penguin, okay. So if you remember the Penguin Update, the one big change, they want very relevant sites, right? Relevant. Every linking strategy I showed you so far will give you links from relevant sites, so that's, boom, you're good there. So what does it mean? It means they want diversity in your anchor text. Okay, I'll try anchor text. Anchor, anchor text. Okay, like we said, so you don't want 100% of your links having the exact keyword match in there. You want to have some of them coming from click here, some coming from just your website link, things like that. And if you forgot about that part, again, we mentioned that earlier in the webinar. Let's see, the big one I'm talking about now is they have a huge emphasis on social stuff. And it makes a lot of sense. Google owns Google+, right? That's their social network. They want people interacting with social network. They want to reward people who are using their social network. So it's interesting, if you start looking, if you look at the internet in, I say, in a year from now, in five years from now, it's going to be very, very different. This is going to be the big difference. You go to Google, you type in your keyword for whatever you're looking for, right? It's going to start being less off of how many people are linking to the page. And more often, which ones of your friends have looked at similar pages and liked them? Okay, does that make sense? So when I go to Google, I type in something, I type in, you know, work from home, I'm going to see a completely different result than you're going to see. It's going to go through and look at, and it's amazing how Google does this. They reverse engineer it, and it's amazing. But they go through and they can find out, and again, Facebook doesn't give them this action, it's not going to do other means. They go through to see who you're following on Twitter, who's following you on Twitter. They go through every other social network, Facebook. All the social networks you can dream of, they go through, they scrape all the data, they pull all this stuff back, they look at your Google Plus profiles, all this information, and based off of that, is how they deliver your results. So what you see is going to be completely different from what I see, because I'm going to see an aggregate of what my friends like, that's where search is going. That's where it's going to be in a year from now, it's going to be in five years from now, and so knowing that, linking is still important, it will always be important, but what is becoming the most important, and the Penguin Update proved this, is this, the social elements. The reason why, if you guys go to flibubackgroupcamp.com, you know some way of big old Facebook and Twitter and Google Plus on here, I currently am not trying to rank this site for anything, but I know that someday I'm probably going to, and guess what? In fact, that 120 people like this, 88 people tweeted and 47 people Google Plused it, that's going to help my rankings dramatically in a year from now, two years from now, five years from now. I need people interacting with my pages, because if your friends, or your friends, friends, friends, and they can go down through multiple levels, so if your friends, friends, friends, friends like to page on here, and you somehow connect that person to 10 or 12 or 15 levels, you're more likely not to see my pages than one of my competitors. It's hard to even understand how they can do it so fast, but they do, right? And that was a big update, one of the big parts of it, is social is hugely important. So you need people liking your pages and Google Plusing them and tweeting them and all that kind of stuff, okay? Now, typically that's going to be a difficult process, okay? I just made this sweet blog about how to invest in gold, it's awesome, right? I have this awesome article I wrote, but what's the reality that many people are ever going to like this thing, or tweet this thing, okay? I don't even find this article. I mean, in this ranked height, it's not like compelling enough and interesting enough people are going to go out and tweet it and Google Plus at Facebook, right? So how do we get that without having to act, you know, without somehow magically getting this content to do that for us, okay? The way you do that is through some of the social stuff I'm going to show you guys right now, okay? This is how you do it, through using some of these social linking sites, okay? My favorite one is Social Adder, and this is kind of the concept of how Social Adder works. You see, so you go in there, and you log in the members area, and you get a free account, it doesn't cost you anything. Just go to socialadder.com, adr.com. So you log in there, and basically they have like a wizard, and they have like 30 or 40, I can't remember how many social networks you sign up for, and this part sucks, by the way. You sign up for all these different social networks. So here's Twitter, here's Facebook, here's Stumble the Pawn, here's Dig, here's Reddy, all these different social things, right? You go create accounts with all of them. Then you log in here, and what happens is there's a whole bunch of people's content here, based on the category. So if you're interested in internet marketing, or real estate, or whatever, you pick the category, and then I'll show you a whole bunch of articles of that from the members. So I come in there, I say, okay, sweet. Here's this member thing, I'm going to like this one, I'm going to like this one, I'm going to plus one this one, I'm going to tweet this one, I'm going to go through, and it'll go through all your social networks in here, and it'll actually go and interact with that person's page. So that person starts getting all sorts of the good stuff that he wants, right? And what's cool about it is every single time I do that, I earn credits. Okay, and these credits are like cash. What happens is, when I start building these credits up, and I come in here, and I go and I make this blog post, How to Invest in Gold, I then take this URL, and copy, I paste it, I go into social ladder, I submit to members area, and boom, all of a sudden, my page shows up in these results. And suddenly, thousands and thousands and thousands of members are liking my page, and tweeting my page, and Google plusing my page, and getting all the social benefits of a huge mass group of people who are all liking my pages. Okay, you see how that works? It's very powerful, it's very cool, and like I said, it's free to sign up for. Now, if you don't want to go and do the whole credit-based thing, we're working for credits, they have paid ones, we pay, I think you remember, from $20 to $100 a month, where you don't have to like anything, and they will, you still have all these members who still like your stuff, which is actually worth it when you start growing your business. If you're on the low end, you have as much money right now, definitely go and just earn credits, but when you're ready to start growing your business, and you don't want to spend as much time doing it, just pay for the paid one, and you get all this link coming back for free, which is awesome. Okay, so social ladder, so let me pull this slide really quick so you guys can see it. Social ladder. Boom, there it is, like I said, it's free to sign up for, and they give you all this kind of things. Okay, yeah, it's 22, so it's 22 social media sites. So you start getting links coming back from Twitter, from Facebook, and Google Plus, from LinkedIn, from Stumble the Pawn, from Jump Tags, from Friend Fee, from the Top Link, from all these sites I've never heard of, half of them. Okay, these are all social networks that we're linking to, okay, and now you know that the links are all on Facebook, and Facebook, and Facebook, and Facebook, and Facebook, and Facebook, and Facebook, and Facebook, and Facebook, and Facebook are linking to you, okay, and now you know what the reasoning behind it, right? It makes a lot of sense, that's where Search is going, so if I'm gonna make a page right now, all these people are liking them, it's gonna be huge, it's gonna benefit you so much, especially, like I said, last three weeks, the Penguin Update has made this more valuable. I saw people who had insane amounts of backlinks, and no social stuff, losing to people who had no links, but had great social stuff, okay? The web is moving toward social, Search is social coming one right now you understand that you have an interior sequence here uh... becomes very very very powerful and you see that serious social as a great one uh... the other thing like i said he's one of the stuff for the fiber type in social adder and you find people here who will go and create social adder counts for free because i said that the sort of sense holding up nightmare you don't want to do that so uh... that last night about where's persons done you see so if i go to my shopping officer progress so i think it's a five-month last night to go and create me at all thank you did that before training i came next to five bucks but they did not complete it so anyway i told them basically they're creating uh... a social adder count with all the links all connections for just five bucks so again don't go and spend the time and do social adder is hard but boom this guy here five bucks will give you two high quality social adder counts will go through step everyone's accounts for you hook them all together and uh... you probably pay him five other five bucks you know there's like one people stuff starting credits for yourself so that way uh... you start getting credit for your content as well so very simple there uh... so shall is great no one's very similar to try pro i use both of just because they have different periods on access to as many people like my stuff is possible and so try to close the good one i'm sure that was out there as well and we'll be adding more to our fall systems in the game or more i so that's basically the the green light stuff so no as you always kind of a difficult topic to teach because there's a technical part behind it i hope i'm in a way where you can see that there's technical stuff you can understand you don't need to know at all so we recap the green light stuff before we want to red light stuff so green lights here's here's our big our big recap green light case this is basically a process right we start back here we have our we have our uh... here's our golden sequence site for a golden sequence site remember we go back to jackson we find out where are our golden or where are uh... uh... we're agreeing like you were right tennis court or games colors mess up on me apologize me for it case so we come back here we get are are key words now for each keyword were created couple things right we're setting up setting up a blog post or maybe a youtube video or maybe uh... a new website couple of these three pages right so great pages and after these pages we're driving links back these pages right so links are coming from like unique article wizard fiber things like that we drive links back to each these pages each these pages is the star ranking in google to make over here is our buddy google back here uh... our pages are ranking and again we have ten slots right here our goal is to get if we want to get one slot in top ten of the arse with two pages you know you to be a page to get to a three-year multiple pages ranked over here in google the key words we know are strong and we're gold you know how to invest in gold twenty thousand searches a month by get three of these spots as probably fifteen thousand clicks a month and getting for free all into my feeder sites subunit at the recites again redirecting people are are pushing people back into my to my gold sequence so that's the overall process and talk about link building so so i'll link buildings big one obviously and a big one is the social link building which we saw right now uh... doing those back here is is huge so if you guys i i i i want to stress that like this skill set is not something it's hard to do when you learn this it gives you the least are raking for all these are keywords k i don't care what business if you're in a network marketing program if you uh... have a local business here selling these local businesses or whatever it is so you understand a strategy the house power that gives you if you know how to get on page one google for keywords people are actually searching for is that difficult to do now so easy a point is it just becomes a tool that's powerful once again which part of the thing is actually have to do k not much of it we had we showed a fiber how you can well she was lost last night had a good sequence built out we showed you on on fire a people build all the things for you on five years links done for you k also can happen with other people for very very cheap but support you understand here's the process here's all pieces were together here's why he's important on important that's a lot of stress about time for you guys so for us after those process we just got there we created very simple system chemistry as a very rich history the myth by michael gerber uh... one of the best books in the world and uh... as someone right first read at such a big impact on the use talking about at the time was just me right my business i had no employees and uh... i was juggling a a thousand of the balls i should customer support in graphic design web stuff and try to do all the same i felt like i was getting torn in a thousand different ways and uh... and i'm a white worker actually going to like palin family trip and we're leaving i was scared to leave i was like how are you leave i'm gonna be in late for a week like no natural my customer support once driving traffic make we come back will probably broke i was convinced the world's gonna end was gone and so leaving out of ways the uh... we stop by barns no more we're town and i went in there and there's a book called the event i thought also book about internet marketing this week to read so got a book go ten hours south in a car we jump on a house book or the middle the ocean the middle of the lake i thought the books are reading it and i find out about thirty seconds has nothing to do in a market i'm stuck in the middle of this lake which is this one book as i thought great so sorry the book and luckily i did because the book changed my life and changed my perspective forever you start talking about so look at the the amazing business out there look at businesses like mcdonald's or but mcdonald's will when they use the case they said look do you think donald's can charge a million dollars franchise because they've got the best uh... hamburgers in the world the answer obviously no in hamburgers really not the best they're probably the worst like hamburgers are very good alright so the reason why they can charge a million dollars for franchise is because they is re-cropped he built this whole thing they built systems that were perfect you could take any fourteen-year-old kid off the street pay the minimum wage within thirty seconds they could build a big neck perfectly came out system to be built uh... and talk about what's going to go to system now you have a uh... you know a business that actually run by itself and so i'd like to be a big pit between us in while i look at all these things i'm juggling and juggling support juggling traffic juggling all these things but i think i figure out how in the world can i systemize each these things how to systemize my support systemize my traffic things like that now the big all on the big breakthrough for me was the systemizing things and so for you guys i want that to be the big a half you to like this stuff is cool this technical steps you have to be doing all this stuff your job is on to renewers to see the opportunities see the vision come out there and create a system for it system is boom step one go to jackson this i'm looking for okay and again i've given you guys all these steps back here in the in the workbook a subliminal step one is what is re-jackson go jackson you find green light keywords and you have at least what least a thousand searches a month and we know it is senator uh... we've been great pages k if it's making it's getting over x now searches may be a spy thousand searches month on the credit uh... a new domain for it if it's not i'm just gonna make a post on my blog post not the post is there and article so next thing is good article or i write a comment some articles read it's next step in the system they were the articles come back and i post that on my blog post one every three one every three days now that page being created now maybe i'll make a blog post mail blog and make a youtube video on the biggest member five dot com you video created for k-dolce's process and i i build out the system after the pages are created now you go out there and you backlink the page so where the backlink using the unique article is there right on the use link to serve is uh... you're going to find some of five of you you got a closer i'm gonna give him fifty percent of a link so i can be the cure i want to to send me to the random things and i'm gonna do that and i'm gonna keep doing that for first thirty days until that page is on after thirty days then if it's on page number one then i'm not that i was keeping a consistent it's not yet number one there in the increase in a trace i think well in the link period may be seen you links i might use drop my link to start to push a little further uh... you're gonna start some of those things i really stuck in all try to do in some of these leaking other looking strategies plus every time a blog post on social out and drop that link in there so i would people like that page and face book that page google plus in the page that's the kind of stuff i'm talking about it's not difficult to understand here's a piece of it he was step one what's up to what's up to what's up for and now you have to create that you can find people to separate all the long one of my site one of my really close friends he runs this site here's called online jobs dot p h k this site awesome so it's many they have the forty thousand filipinos who have active resumes here uh... see type here if you type in someone like i need someone in sd o link checks out the three sixty five people who are sd only builders who know this stuff probably better than i do right this guy's a wordpress expert the uh... html expert is not a few marketing expert sd o expert uh... scouting here k case that's the sky right now this be a rock star so click on it there's a picture k that's right here how did this guy working for you guess we can charge you we get my calculator out well come on was my calculator opening well i'm going to look at the latest sorry case so this guy wants to charge me fifteen thousand dollars a month just in that's filipino dollars which is equivalent of three hundred thirty three dollars a month full-time forty hours a week so for three hundred thirty three dollars a month i can have a full-time sd o genius doing this for me day in a day out i show this webinar i show him the handout and boom this guy's doing it is that there case i can't is that much this guy's a little more expensive is that's your specialist uh... this guy right here also is really cheap this one is sd o and video specialist and we've been expert and that entry into it in face because that's really good he wants ten thousand dollars a month which is ten thousand by the by forty five equals boom two hundred twenty dollars a month so two hundred twenty dollars month i can have this guy i want to guess how liberated this will be come to you uh... i still remember very first time i hired some of this in fact he still works in the states in doraal was in romania and i was trying to figure out sd i was trying to figure out how to build websites and product also i try to figure out if i had hired this guy help me in internal this guy in doraal in romania and it's not awesome he started all these things for me and uh... i'd hire physical jobs here in there by the state or how much would take for me to hire you full-time he said well they could affect i would need at least i probably need least a hundred dollars a week for four hundred dollars a month i was like the time there are some going to college full-time my wife is making nine fifty now i might have a hundred dollars week to do this by the but i did i have a full-time guys when school days guys building things for me one gone so k i got here to do so i said to do so we hired him and i started selling stuff on ebay my goals make a hundred dollars week on ebay so i could pay for doraal to do stuff and which is two weeks of paying doraal to be made money that made i was just hustling like garbage and by the at thrift store and sell money they that was my whole like might you will see right anyway two weeks after doing that uh... doraal working forty hours weeks eighty hours of work for him while i was going to school wrestling was a things within two weeks i he created up projects as a little to make enough money to more than pay for him so i like all the money i was making a lot of pain for him but i have to keep some stuff on ebay they kept growing and growing and eventually i was making tens of thousands of dollars monthly in one hundred dollars a week it was great and i still work with the state of the people more now but that's how it works so for you guys this should not be like i don't know that you know i understand the concept you see the pieces you see works together you see that it works today even in a post penguin updated world i'll find something to do for you and this is the size of the way online jobs at p h work uh... you find these people here and if you are contacting and he paid fifty dollars a month contact unlimited people so i have one account i wouldn't hire like twenty people right i said message that twenty people i can't so i can't and i got that to workers office just this last week and they're awesome uh... so it away you get for a ceiling building you can do it for uh... graphic design you do programmers you can do customer support anything you can dream of in your business you can get these guys over here most of them are more intelligent than us most of my p h d's and mathematics and crazy stuff like that uh... and they and they can do it all for us this guy at the top he's got a bs in the race technology a major business software development case currently unemployed again he wants three dollars month uh... he's webmaster he's wordpress he's i keep things builder you see panel at the p three marking amazon sio bookmarking submission you're an sd newgex magic submit or market samurai like all the second year everything k here's all the test he's taking a smarty is that's where i understand this is where the real freedom comes with stuff it's finding as like this guys and girls like this and work with us on the other p h is awesome to get full-time workers for dirt sheet odesco com is good for like project based us on you to build this website you get someone here city you post a project you keep you all over the world can be done it so we're going to say all the four thousand bucks all the free hundred bucks all the four two hundred bucks and so it works and uh... i go to ask as well i guess i use right projects and then online jobs up p h is right fine like employees who are actually right my people who are there all the time which is nice to have case that's that's kind of a rent i want to get that out on the green light such as understand that because again as you stuff is is complicated topic and also it's difficult to teach i'm glad we spent three hours hopefully been entertaining outfit wasn't too painful uh... but it's it's not something one full time every day but there people other who do want to and will do it for you use got a sense of mission you know you had often case the last thing we cover two things to last things covered today so one of them is the red light keywords came this is really powerful my first kind of got this uh... it gave me a billy get unlimited traffic so can i hear jacksy obviously there's a lot of things that wish i got like a investing in gold living awesome to get thirty thousand searches a month five thousand things like that the off right this in gold investing well let's pull up real quick there's so many times i think that if i could just have if i could just rank for internet marketing but it just right for real estate if i could just rank for gold investing that i'd be rich right so i say the same thing and i get frustrated i wasn't yet that i saw realizing that i think there's a way that is still benefit from this k other people don't work and if you want to like the typical mindset someone is really good at seo most of them do not like it's just like the analytical like smart people right and so they're they're brilliant but that the reality is they're not like they're not a crave as much k so they're not as good usually go out and create your own products are creating gold sequences always things you guys don't know about it too right this government rate pages and they make the money by selling advertising to people like us so i don't know how hard work they and this one here so gold investing is that many searches a month but look how compared people going crazy for his hyper-competitive so cold-investing is a money keyword people making money off this way so much energy on and i wish i could rate for that the gold investments in getting a lot more searches so super competitive cases that thirty thousand searches super competitive case while it is a good is really one thing that wish i'd go investing so i grab gold investing and uh... i go to google as pretty gold-investing in again and boom i'm sure seeing all the sites here came i was a certain of the sites and i just go on the first page and never go to page number two first was with the pd and what could be the few there they do not sell advertising and believe yes was no ads on the pd so okay and i'm gonna work how to invest in gold the street k so this one right here take a lot of load check this out and a huge banner right here the top the huge banner right here in the huge banner right here so we over the whole bunch of ads right here whole bunch of ads right here the ad right here who is there's a new slatter right here so you can be a newsletter ads we've got places by ads on the site you can in the bottom there's a ad here so what is always called very very bottom usually on the bottom somewhere is going to be a little link that says advertise boom there it is yes it scroll the she's it advertise click on advertise link and here it is here's like their rate car so show you what kind of visitors come to the website uh... how much money have a good portfolios are all sorts of stuff and decision makers i guess all the things that customers how much money out of the make on average i do i want values of the product is makes sense my product k will probably getting nine million unique users month yes a lot of people can i hear you spend request and tell you how to buy ads on the site case of boom there's there's my the first one i can in in an hour from i can be on this on the site these have been millions of dollars to get right here and i can be on that i can be on on the top right here for a couple hundred bucks super easy so i'm going to next one what's next one k market watch cc's guys have ads boom check this out this and that's inside the s from google who let's have a nice to do not even contact uh... the website use go straight to google adwords by the content network to um... do a site targeting we just target aside i can buy a whole block i can my ad be all for these ads a year's a huge ad never talk to the company of you all through google once in a year is more google ads the banner ad scroll the bottom and kid don't see an ad leases advertising so they're not at least advertising is used a cell through third party persons like these lakes that are probably google ads so i think i do i do decide to find one that have uh... so i don't know and i'm by ads on it contest now now we show you one of my favorite ones usually as a site for a long time in the news early stocks and ads they want to be keeping a fifty thousand dollars a month for inventory some crazy like that uh... so i'm no longer currently on the site we drove a lot of traffic a lot of leaps in the site this guy's rate number one for like thousand make money keywords cases of better at right here better at right here and right here you make blog post for you for price better at right here tons of places by banners to collect a purchase checks out is worth pricing back to you so something to us for two hundred fifty dollars a month you get out sixty two thousand page views case that not amazing that's cheap that he's used k for a thousand dollars a month you're gonna get a bigger banner in a better rotation five dollars a month so i think that there five hundred dollars and a blog post on his home page about your thing which by the way blog post are much better than that at least make a blog post about you thousand just f-way uh... anyway so so that's how these kind of things work k there's tons of sites at the one right now we're uh... were in negotiations with with advertising is when w a h m dot work at home bombs dot com uh... were in a go should now be that's my advertising always with your scroll the bottom but on the outside on a wall home to about a contact in the senate media kit shows all the rates but just it's so easy to get traffic from this from from sites are already ranked the keywords you wish you were a four k uh... the next to the camp i talk about we're gonna do a lot of media buying this is kind of precursor to media buying this is i think it's even more because you buy your buying ads on sites you're hoping you know we're gonna get people you want but this one i'm going to go on typing the cure that i wish i was ranked for and buying ads on the site sake it's it's one step removed from sql but it's better than sql because the only people who see my ads of people are highly qualified they came they came to google the scene second find that things they come to google the type of gold investing sas one step then they clicked on this week right here then they went to the site then this time i'm adding click so that person's worth a lot more money than everyone's just clicking out here on on a random ad that person's much more highly qualified so that's what we spend so much time never going after the red light keywords just tons of traffic high quality traffic people actually see your banner ad are like to cream the crop gold like your golden contacts so you know so that's kind of how we do is very it's not very difficult process and one to look and really speed stuff for you uh... it's called uh... it's called placement locator so you're in in that in pdf a step number eight red light keywords you click right there this is a software product arm and more and came out with uh... some working there uh... we find it so good placement locate or yet place locator the armist product this software awesome so what it does is you basically uh... this video he'll show you on this video how it works uh... it's a cheap offer programs totally worth it basically all does is you put your list of keywords you want to make for and this offer goes out to google and it'll scrape all the top ten results all the keywords you have it'll pull back the same boom here's all the sites that google adsense ads on that cool you guys so so so i'm going side after side after side after side spending you know our going to everything i see placement locator i put in there and boom it goes to scrapes all the sites cross all these different uh... all the search engines you can say give me all the sites on the top you talk ten listening to talk twenty to talk thirty indians deep as you want it goes out there finds the sites c's it looks to see this google ad words on it if it doesn't come back to these are ones that ad words these go near google ad words account you buy ads directly on the sites okay just out alcohol that is so this is a tool nine years ago talking on the scene really market before but i thought it's somewhere along the line and i love it and it's awesome it's i can't recalls but it's not it's inexpensive enough it's worth it it's worth saving yourself time for going searching side after side after side after side uh... swear yet it's a place located so that's kind of a red light stuff works like it's not that super complicated alright where we are things we are on page number is a thirteen case actually pays for fourteen case that's the red light keywords any question of the red light here is a fresh and that's the last big the last big uh... the last big secret here since that they're into overwhelm mode now good love your sight good i'm glad you're over on that means i've getting enough stuff k if you're underwhelmed on the means you didn't get anything i think i think i think on college to sit in classes for an hour ninety minutes and get nothing out of it i'm trying to shoves many things israel's brain is possible so you come back and watch three the replay over and over and over again to the master stuff good good okay so that's why the outsourced artist is for himself uh... that's a good question it's interesting like i look at like people work the work of my on my team here in my office like a man teaches stuff all along i think a lot of this people are dip people motivated for a simple really money motivated some are some are too security motivated they want to join the one they want to guarantee page yet so yes it's interesting everyone's got different motivations in life and these five people that the complement your motivations said how official without sourcing counting wise uh... official i just paypal money every month like it's i mean i'm official also like a real ploy so i can be w two's or w nines right you just got there and post it's really simple really easy keep for one last thing i want to ask one though if you have had any uh... all hot moments so far if you have post all all right now the question box but that's all excited once he has had any like well i was cool like why is that the god i like to do this you know if you have no how moments so far please post the question box really quick and it's not that we'll move on to the last last step right here cool cool okay so so the whole system started finishes big awesome said turning everything into systems is good so the whole the whole things about how moment uh... the sites resources to give you the big a haas uh... since they can act out the dots for me and your constant lack implementation uh... the process finally makes sense now back linking is big good good it could k what's the sick details in the book the books called the e-meth by michael gerber e-meth so e hyphen and whitey h did not consider how i've never seen uh... this put together such a cohesive step-by-step process before this is great russle awesome uh... uh... the five is a lot of stuff that's awesome yet is a private rate like reason that so much time money doing things are five bucks now this is i guess that like more money and five nowadays that you have a lot it's a big thing after a while cool cool uh... k since the best when i see all that i've ever been on the god in the u.s. you're for a while is the icing on the cake thanks awesome cool i think you'll some said some of the most money would recommend doing first uh... i mean is what i can now most stuff we talked about see the free or like five bucks and i think it's you're pretty simple rally babies you know get your own sequence i set up and start driving traffic to it uh... we share lost actually that's it good cool so you may feel a bit about google and work with them to fear in a google it's funny how much fear there is an every single time it happens it's like as you stand in the world and site no they're just made they've got a you know that they're trying to make money this is how you do it in and what you can understand their their rea the you know what they're thinking behind things makes a lot sense and so it's like just give them what they want if if you are going to be more spammy and you know if you're more spammy or more like out you know things like that i guess fine just make sure you don't do it on your your course i say if you want you know if you want to do like that that's not to make you nervous like do it on the links link into out here don't do on on the ones that are their pain your bills but so instead there their piss they know about the first one are when it was forty seven dollars well hopefully everyone trade like the get on the things lives more fun with live the last cabinet whether it's people to show up it's also like let's make it work like people are worried who know about it were on it and uh... a way to get to all the as well as make sure that your you know miss it so some said uh... if i don't have a problem on what you have from what you've taught us is this we all would be a fillet everything about the affiliate about your product in one shit uh... so everything about your affiliate your gold sequence like you're setting up around affiliate product k if you remember that the the primary offers like what's the first friend of your promote so if you want to see that you know if you were on it on the on the initial train be one of c with a little also look like to go to go so we're sick is dot com and if you go to four slash go there's a squeeze page you often hear and you be added to all email follow sequence and just watch sequence you happen that's the gold sequence in action and you guys can see that the process but goldsilversecrets dot com slash go cool cool cool uh... i think someone said about like i think it's cool that if you're focused on sio the new year your google's mercy in the red light stuff and green light stuff the rest of go can do whatever they want make that one affect you at all is your buying media from someone else who's out there doing all the work right you're piggybacking up some else's effort who will slap seven drops now someone else at the top so it's fine real to the top by rad there here piggybacking up people's efforts okay uh... goldsilver secrets is my website but none of the products are mine every product i saw here i'm an affiliate for so if you are here like we go to the process that like there's three projects are here never mind so it is my website i want to but it's not my products cool cool cool this list this cover last year now she takes about ten minutes will be finished uh... but this is important to you case we've got a site here right we're ranking it certainly higher the rankings were happy that's all of the thing but how does this use that make this money okay right now it's just an article nothing really doing anything case the next step now there's a lot of people are sure you're not like when we do this like there's not a set time uh... i usually talks so i could got some weeks going started building i come back and i have these things afterwards but basically your goal is to turn the site into a feeder site which is means it's it's used to suck traffic in and push it to the to the direction you want to go to so if you open your handouts again down here on page number nine this is what finished feeders site looks like and this one's like obviously we design this one and that you don't need to have good design that's not important what's important are these elements here k since for elements here we should actually but without the signs that people don't think the designs important designs on port the layouts important k so i have here's my blog right in the middle here i've got my article and i think that the articles nice the words are inside article are gonna get me ranked inside the search engines k sasway this that's why articles important that's the only reason i don't want people do reading the article or carrying about it like the article the only goal of this article is to get the get the page rate that's it other that might it benefits me nothing to have a person that article that's what i'm writing my writer is i don't care the person reads it i don't make money for a person leaves the article so it's almost like it's a bad article almost helps to leave earlier and now this is what makes you the money at the very top i have a huge banner it's pushing him to my call to action a ct a so ct a is pushing to my squeeze page basically it's the space on my gold sequence site pushing so big better talk and then i'm an opt-in box on the side when they fill that out is just like the squeeze page on my on my uh... on my gold sequence site so if you let him go takes me to take my primary offer then i've got a big banner at right here as i call action the banner at and i and the bottom i got a big old banner at the bottom of the old banner at you i don't know if it's square will be better at here at the bottom the a and here so that is someone comes here to the article but look at this is like a big sandwich and wrapping around the article so first he's called action boom opt-in call action boom all action called action you know they really are called but that's not my goal and goes into click click click or opt-in case let me show you this page again no sear the top boom huge banner i click here watch the video articles in there i don't care about it boom opt-in box at the top boom banner at boom better at the bottom can wrapping my content in banner ads on every single page to my goal again is to get them to uh... to go in and uh... do the thing i want to do k-demic sent you guys yes making sense for you guys good so that's a that's that's the process is against the recites the goal of the fetus i says not to get a review article goal is a show appear and when we pass them off to our goal sequence page that's the end goals whole things that's what you have to better at so again this is kind of that's what i was like but this is the way i that's important the banner ad opt-in box banner and banner ad content there in the middle and that's the goal so if you guys come back i see probably in seven or four days in the site you're gonna see it'll look different it'll be the same content but it looked at all the band ad here the banners side the banner at a bottom all pushing to my policy was paid that's it so i said i would maybe if you if you want to back in a week or two go to how to invest or how to invest in gold dot or gold x dot com sorry domain how to invest in gold x dot com but that page except in a week or two from now and you'll see uh... you see a rapid or banner at second week good good good uh... ice some said i said my squeeze page or my money said i'm sending directly to my squeeze page since then i've never had to explain to me before haha awesome else but i can make something like i think a lot of the week we know we could teach it but so important like that's the that's the big the key here since then you get your affiliate price will click make some ideal yes or something products and some summer price like i saw product i love and i usually bought product first like on the ornstead you have a fully program mostly will do if you ask about it uh... well well well well so much that some said the whole moment was uh... social adductor because they're not to be social seem they want to the benefits of it that's awesome k how do you think that i thought that it's so uh... the companies for our banners see if i can find them the question was to things first off by the com let me check it may fit the box people the banners moncomon modern search banners before i'm just guessing yet this twenty three hundred sixty people to build your banner for five bucks so prices fiber i was a show you on banner banners mall dot com these guys have the coolest banners they're my favorite banner designers they're more and more expensive but they're awesome well the twenty five bucks is not bad uh... but yeah i personally banners to banners mall because i love them that they always do amazing job so if you want a little money there not fibers got lots of guys and gals with banners cheap question so they have good squeeze page template yet uh... the one on gold sequence gold silver secret dot com slash i broke out a lot of the training with their days very simple headline and often box you know you do you more fancy than that all the stuff about the server version more than a little k okay all good questions that you have all those elements on all your future sides are just on you to okay so this process this is a wrapping on my on my uh... on my blog the summer api on all these in youtube you have the same you can help with banners to buy that so in in you to just my description uh... the other side to give it a kind of give you but you if you control so sure on blogs are rapid question uh... since i never know find someone to explain this before no jargon lost specific steps did you get closer to squeeze pages was that so there's a example of our squeeze page these gold silver secrets checks that you know if you notice there's our squeeze page headline and then if you go to the school silver secrets dot com it's the same headlines are a lot about right here will probably uh... all probably adding a banner on top of this and also the bottom of this page as well and i just have this sidebar and beyond as my two designers are talented now happen about a week and a half so i'll be updating some of the designs of the ways some those guys back in town k yes so some aspect that so some of the here where's taken yet you just go to spot the fact uh... the product selling uh... i got a program pre-launched if you go now though like they're launching like a week now so pictures and we're paid for spit if you often hear basically that takes you to uh... to the to the primary offer they get three five also the primary offer uh... some said with some your page of legal stuff on some don't which ones i try to legal stuff on all pages uh... to be honest they're not on this means i just forgot about it we find the pager we just missed it which i believe the stuff on all of our all for sites okay anyway i think that covers most of stuff i really want to cover to you guys we've got three hours and so i think we've got a lot of stuff obviously i know some of you guys uh... city i said a little overwhelmed uh... so you guys are excited so this is probably work awesome uh... we'll stuff uh... if you like legal form generator as much as a little forms i can't remember who got ours through uh... because the legal like good google type legal form generator uh... you i said but it's a little like that uh... pizza is the best winners ever listen to i could be like this one better or if you like uh... the first one first was more like more stories of stuff is more like yet i was always i was really nervous with our be honest as sco such a a painful thing to talk about a lot of times i want to make sure so exciting in and you think it lost excited by so hopefully we hopefully delivered on that uh... because it is exciting you start doing it and it's exciting to wake up in morning after a driving traffic is traffic's already coming that's exciting i can't even tell you how great of a feeling that is so good good cool so this is a great stepping stone from the first webinar yet if you guys miss the first webinar yeah it's it's basically so that if you're a field of the camp dot com that's really the first webinar boot camp dot com yes so basically we're posting all these webinars here in the series so this much here are obviously someone is on right now i will be raising the price to this uh... it's not tomorrow depending how soon i get all the way to guys because i'm not smart to do all that uh... and then this one was a couple weeks ago uh... here this one against the dollar trial that after three days i'd build ninety seven dollars uh... so basically that would be a lot of life is forty seven dollars we come on later it's ninety seven dollars the next webinar to be doing to be focusing on media buying so we talk about that the search part next element is like how do you want to buy traffic and buy banner ads will have the next one it'll probably a month or two before we do that one of the schools about to start have some fun for summertime going to kenya and much of a cool thing so help you later he has got enough tools obviously first to really uh... do some do some damage good good and so i can't with the next one out that's awesome very cool case of the re-play be available three play i would say realistically probably tomorrow she had the members area uh... again i do to get the replay good if you can't dot com slash red green one two three html i will be posting the replay for a right here you know what books here uh... bunch of bonuses uh... lastly asked you guys if you had a good time on this training if you learn anything you take two minutes out of life tonight before you forget why she's so excited to have energy career click on the lead on the testimonial button and it's really simple process you basically have your name your contact info and then and next step is a phone a recall you call the number you say had a great time i was a court whatever you want to use call every state records message it gives that me the audio and that we actually use it on next time or more things these events i love it may be possible i think i really feel passionate over doing a report changes people's lives so i get out this message out to many people's possible so if you do along with help uh... the other thing obviously if you hate this webinar it sucks for you i just click on the link right here so i cancel click there to take a quick thank you give information in the refactor that cancel your payment before that the rebuild goes through obviously hopefully deliver a test for a lot of energy tried over deliver i give you ten times a value i think for most you guys obviously i i did i'd not that's fine as well on the way i prove myself better next time around uh... hope you guys had a great time again if you love it please leave testimonial uh... that's only there message out by sharing that results and success will get uh... and what they thought about so very very cool well i hope you have a time that great weekend really good uh... kawson we appreciate you guys appreciate taking three hours on your friday uh... have a great friday great saturday and then i said monday we've got off to so have a have a great weekend we're going to replay out as quick as we can uh... but go out there start implement stuff you guys you've got the you've got the handout you've got steps now without the replay i start going through start going to jack c you know go through this process went through find a major finicky or build a domain start back like you started this stuff this font is exciting we start seeing results as we're really in a flip out that's what it's really really excited so i appreciate you guys uh... other than that i'm signing off have a great weekend and i look for some guys on the next week we can thanks everybody will talk to you