All right, all right, all right. All right. All right. So you know, those who know me, like one of my secret things I do all the time is I get people really, really excited and I tell them everything they need to know except for the thing they actually want to know. And then I like leave them on a cliffhanger and then I leave for a long time. Like I'll message Julie. I'm like, oh my gosh, we forgot things. I'll tell you about tomorrow. I'll put my phone away. And then the rest of the next day she wants to kill me all night long. She's like, what is it? So this session I'm going through right now is actually what I did to Steven Larson. So some of you guys saw Monday night, Steven was in my office till like two in the morning on the floor mapping out all these different doodles and stuff like that. And there was one session seven that we didn't have time to do. And he went home and I did session seven. I'm like, dude, oh freaking out sending everything to him. He's like, what is it? I was like, you'll find out the event. And so that's why he's here today. He wants to find out what's going to happen. Anyway, it's fun. Before we jump into this though, I wanted to, I had a thought during lunch day that I was like, I'll do a disservice. I don't bring this back up. This was one of the things that definitely in the book we should have earlier because it's a big thing. But part of the reason why we talk about documenting the process is because all the stuff you use to document the process later becomes your ads. Okay. So for example, you see my team out here. You see a Blake back here hiding with the camera. He's running around getting pictures, getting videos because in eight months from now, there's going to be an ad that's going to be on stage like this, front of you guys and then it'll be like a video from here and that'll be an ad. And Brandon catch things in the audience and all this stuff we're doing here. The reason why I'm doing this process live, that's one of the other reasons we talked about is because we're capturing all sorts of things that can all become ads for the book when it happens in eight or nine months from now. So part of the documentation, the process is to also be able to have all those things that you can have later on. So as you're doing this stuff, as you're creating your things, like man, document it. We, Tuesday night after we had doodled out all the doodles for every single thing, I went back home with my kids and from five to nine, I played with my kids, put them to bed and they came back afterwards and Blake came to the office. It's been two hours of me redoodling everything just to get B-roll of the doodling that happened in the thing. Because someday when you use that for a video, it's going to sell the book in the future. Right. And so it's like all about that we always joke, it's like all about the B-roll. Like you're capturing these things because all that stuff is going to become assets you need as you're launching your products, you're scaling the things, all the stuff that's happening out there. Right. Like imagine like, let's say you're about to be interviewed by Tony Robbins. You could just like do the interview, I have this interview or what if like five minutes for the interview, you got your phone and you start like, I'm freaking out about to interview Tony. I'm going to be the most amazing thing. This is why I'm nervous, why I'm scared. I'm excited. It's going to be so awesome. I can't wait. It's going to be awesome. All right guys, wish me luck. I'm going to go into it and record that. You capture it, right. And then three months later when you decide to like make a front end funnel to someone to opt in to get your download, to download the video Tony. What if that was your ad? How powerful is that? Right. So capturing these things as you're doing it because those things become such powerful things when you're in the moment of the creation of the thing. That is like some of the best time, best pieces and assets you can use for ads later. These people can plug those things in. It's like they're seeing the excitement level when you're in the peak state of the creation, the excitement of the creation of the thing. Okay. So just another thought for you. All right. With that said, we're going to jump into the final phase of this diagram. And then after with later today, I'm going to go through one cool thing. It's like, how do you take dream 100 and you put it on steroids? How many of you want to learn about that? So excited. We'll talk about that later today, but first talk about this. So this is Julie's life. Welcome to my world. Anyway, it's, it's, I hope all you guys start doing that more often. It makes your lives way more interesting. It makes people around you like listen more. It's like, he's going to say something amazing. If you just tell everything all the time to everybody, then they just like, they have the answer. Right. In NLP, they talk about opening and closing loops. I'm always opening loops so that I can close them later. And usually in the interim where I open loop and I close loop, I've opened a new loop. And that's why you guys are still here today. I'm opening closing loops, opening closing loops and that you can't leave because your brain, our brains have this weird thing where we have to like close loops. We want them to be finished. Like it doesn't end. Um, like how many of you guys watched lost all like 8,000 seasons of it and they're open all these loops, I go, and then I got the final is coming and they're going to close all loops and ended and then the loops closed. And how many of us have a bad taste in your mouth because of lost? You're like angry, right? Cause it's just like, what? I don't know what happened. And it's that same thing except for your open closing loops is you're pulling people up your value ladder. So then, um, it just keeps happening. They keep coming towards you because you're doing that. So there you go. That's happening later on today. All right. Okay. The real quick recap. This is the stack recap. That could be a thing we just make up. All right. So the first thing we learned yesterday, we talked about the dream 100, how we're finding the congregations of the people who have our dream customers, right? We're connecting into the dream 100 to figuring out we're following them. We're watching them. We're subscribing. We're reading the podcast, the podcast, the blogs, like so we can connect them. So we understand number one, the mind of the leader, number two, um, what's being told to the following, right? And after we do that, then we develop our own show. So we have a platform that we can use to leverage dream 100 to build relationships and those type of things. After that, we're going in the dream 100 to figure out who are the people we can, uh, buy our way in, who can we earn our way in and we're going to work and do both those things. We get those people coming to these platforms and push them into front and funnels where we're washing them through this washing machine. They go through this front and funnel. Hopefully we break even or make a profit on all the people coming through outside the backside that we get this act, this black box, the action addicts black box. That's all the data, right? Their pixel data, their emails, their, uh, their credit cards, their buyer information, their text message, their email, their desktop, push like all their notification, all the data, all the stuff we have. Now we've got all this stuff. Now here's where we start the process of like actually making money. We actually growth our business. We provide more value to them and in exchange they become more valuable back to us. So this session we're talking about are these follow up funnels. Okay. And I want to give credit where credit is due. Um, two years ago before fun hacking live, we were trying to think like, what's the cool name for a presentation to start explaining this concept of like back in email and text message and messenger sequences that are going to move people and to send them up and we were like sitting there trying to figure out a name, trying to figure out a name, figure out a name and all of a sudden Mr. Steven Larson was like, I have an idea. What if we call these things follow up funnels? And I was like, and then we all start this race of the computers to buy the domain to pull it's gone. Like, we got it. So that's where follow up funnels came from. And, uh, and, uh, that's what we call funnels. So there you go. There's the story about everything. Is it no, you guys have a story about everything eventually? Anyway, all right. So follow up funnels are the process. These are the funnels that take people. And you think about funnels, right? The process, I'm going to go from page one to page two to page three, right? Follow up funnels is how we go from funnel one to funnel two to funnel three. It's the process. We're moving somebody through the journey with, right? Okay. It's the communication funnels. So you're saying that emails are also like, yes, is it text message Russell? Yes. Is it like what is it? This is all the communication pieces you're using to move them from a funnel to the next funnel to the next funnel, right? Moving them up the value ladder, sending them through the process. Okay. And so, um, I'll be going through a bunch of different, um, things in the process. But where I want to start is here. All right. So look how follow up funnels kind of work. Um, and it's funny because I spent a whole bunch of time trying to figure out the easiest way to explain this in a diagram and map it out. I spent a couple of hours in John's office brainstorming the way he does it because John's the one R team who's, who's coordinating and, and, and figuring out this process and trying to figure out how do we, how do we take what we're doing, but like make it into a process that's simple, that's streamlined and stuff like that. And after a while, we kind of came up with this process. So the first step in a follow up follow up process, follow up funnel is this is like your ad level, right? So you got these ads here. This is your Facebook feed or your Instagram, whatever, right? And the first goal here is to get your audience to engage, right? They're sitting on the pot, scrolling through here, and we're trying to get them to engage and stop them like, what? Boom. Okay. So that's the first phase in the process. After we get them to engage, then we move them down to the second step of the funnel. It goes back similar to the seven steps of the funnel we talked about here. We're trying to find out who are our subscribers. That's right. Headline here. Email. If we have messenger as well. And then they subscribe, right? So they come to this step here and they're subscribing. And then from here, the next step then is our actual buyers. Oops, buyers. So they actually give us money, right? Okay. And then this is the first step of the process. And if you look at how you coordinate these, right? Like someone goes from funnel one to funnel two to funnel three, and I'm going to walk through that in like two diagrams from now. But this is the first funnel, right? They engage, they subscribe, they buy, and then the follow-up is not going to move them to the next step and keep moving through this process. Okay. This will make more sense as I kind of reveal the whole thing. All right. So this is the first phase of it, right? Now as you move over, this is the black box. So this is Actionetics MD. This is what Actionetics is for you guys. That was right. Actionetics MD. This is the black box, right? So this is the black box. So people are coming here, they see your ad, and then what's going to happen is if they engage that, they look at it and they click on it and they move down to the next step, right? But if they don't click on the ad, then it's like, oh, what do we do? How do we follow these people? What do we do, right? And so the first point of data, let me get the smaller markers for this part so I can, there's a point for smaller markers. It's for stuff like this, the fine details, right? So this first step, we have one thing that we're gathering. First point of data that we're getting from people is retargeting, right? The pixel data. Triple the retarget with people, right? Now if you look at like the timeline of how this works, the retargeting, typically what's going to happen, if someone sees this ad, there's a lot of different strategies. I'm not going to go deep into the strategies tonight, but we can brainstorm those. You can think through them. Like for example, one thing, if someone sees your ad, you can do it or they don't watch it, like show it to them again, right? If they don't watch it, show it to them again. Or if they do engage and they watch a certain percentage of it, show them that ad again or show them the next ad. There's a lot of it, if then, you can kind of make up, okay? And I don't want to go through this right now. I'm going to give you guys a framework that you can start thinking through these on your own. But with retargeting, like this is something like we can message them all the time, right? It's not just like once a week or once a month, like retargeting happens all the time. So if someone comes in here and they don't engage with us yet, I have this whole thing where they've seen the ad, I can start engaging with them, right? And so these are representing days. So every day I can have a new ad. I can change things. I can move things. I can do whatever I want. Each day as you're taking them through this process, right? So that's the first day, second day, third day, fourth day, fifth day, sixth day, seventh day. So it might be like the first two days showing the same ad. As soon as they watch a certain percentage and move it in this ad and move it, you can kind of take them through this sequence, okay? But all we have so far, if they've just seen our ad and they haven't like engaged with it, that's all we have. So we're retargeting and trying to get them to actually engage. As soon as they actually engage and then boom, they move down to the next step of the follow-up funnel, right? We're now at the come to the page. Now a couple of things are going to happen, right? They hit this page. They may give us their email address. If they do, it's awesome they jump down here, but they don't. It's like what tools do we have? Like what data are we gathering? Now we can start progressing and moving them through the funnel, right? So you come back here, it's like, okay, with this step, we have retargeting now. So we got pixels from this step right here. So retargeting. If they opt in now, what we've grabbed at this stage, we've grabbed their email. And if they put a messenger, then we've gotten a messenger. So now we've got three things, right? And there could be more. Maybe you have a desktop push notification. Maybe you can add other things, but let's say in this phase of the funnel now, this point we've got one thing here, we've got three things, retargeting, email, and messenger, right? So this phase in the follow-up funnel. So this phase now, again, I can keep doing retargeting. And retargeting is awesome because I can just keep showing new ads every single day and keep that process happening, right? So sequence lets me do as much as often as I want. Okay. Then email. If I email every single day, it depends on your market and your business, your business model. Most people probably don't email every single day, right? But maybe you email like three times a week, right? So the sequence, I'll show you in a second. The psychological sequence stays the same, but the frequency of message delivery is different, right? So email, maybe I can send one every three days. I send down email. Okay? Okay. And then messenger. If I get my Facebook messenger, I don't know about you, but if some message to me on Facebook message every single day, it gets me super, super annoyed. There's something about the intimacy of that channel, like too often drives me crazy. But I feel like once a week for me about is like this time where I don't feel like I'm too over-aggressive and people aren't unsubscribing that crazy. So the message, the timing sequence is like, maybe they opt in, I got one message here and then maybe over here I got a message and maybe over here I got a message, right? So it's like, I've got some, but they're planned out to kind of further spaced out right here, right? Okay. So now we've got this info here. Now a big percentage of people now have dropped through the funnel and they've come down here to the next page, to the landing page and here we get the next level of data, right? So we still get the retargeting. We still get their email. We get their messenger. Now we start picking up some stuff, right? They're giving us their credit card. Maybe we're getting their, their cell phone. Maybe we're getting there to text them, right? Maybe we're getting a cell phone to call them number. Maybe we're getting their address. We can send something in the mail, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, right? We're gathering more bits of data every single piece along the way, right? Now this is the same thing. The frequency is different for every single channel that we're contacting people through, right? You're probably not going to send text messages to somebody every single day if you have their cell phone number, right? How many of you guys have got text messages from me every single day? It might get a little bit annoyed. How many of you guys have I personally called you every single day? You're super annoyed, right? None of you guys are annoyed? Oh, well, thank you. Try it. How many of you guys, if my cell's guy called you every single day, it would be a little bit annoyed. Okay. Sorry, Ravi. Remember you were at. All right. So again, frequency, like retargeting, I got as many as I can do, right? Doesn't shift down. Email, maybe I'm doing every one, every three days, something like that. Text messages, maybe it's like, or Facebook messages, maybe once every seven days. Cell phone text, maybe. I'm not going to do it immediately, but maybe I'm going to text them like once in the middle of the sequence. And I got phone number. Maybe I'm going to call them, but I'm going to call them like over here, right? And I have address. Maybe I send something in the mail. I could do that, but I'm not going to do that every single day because it's expensive. Maybe I'll do that right here in the process, right? So I'm looking at the frequency of how I attack this problem, right? So every channel has its strengths and weaknesses, right? Typically, the channel's like retargeting. No one gets pissed off. They see your ad every single day. Well, sometimes they do. We always go to people that are like, if I see your face again, I'm going to kill you. That happens way too often. Actually, it's funny. Where's Ethan at? So Ethan is awesome. I'm Kenya with him and his wife this summer and super amazing people. And then we got back home and his wife is not so much into like our whole world. I guess she like went to my page and clicked on something and it cracked me up because like a week later, she posted the comment when the comments was like, Russell, ever since we got back from Kenya, I see you at every single like my ads over and over. Can you please stop sending me ads? I was like, I'm so sorry. I already offended her that fast. Anyway, hopefully she forgives me. Tell her I'm sorry. But for most part, that channel of like following people with ads doesn't get people annoyed, right? It's not like it's not intimate. It's like, oh, I'm going to feed anyone. I'm going to see you there. There's Russell again. There's Russell again. It doesn't bother them, right? So you can increase the frequency. Okay. Email is a little bit different. Like if I get the if I get emails every single day, maybe twice, I have some friends email two to three times a day. I have one friend that mails nine times a day, nine times a day, but he's in the dating market. This is what he told me. And this is actually good insight for all of us, right? Like people buy stuff when they're in pain, right? So sometimes you have customers like email my list and they didn't buy it. It's like, they didn't buy it because they weren't in pain right now. So my friend that emails nine times a day, he is in the dating market. And he says, if you look at like this, the lifespan of my customer, who's a man who is trying to learn how to date girls, he's like, for most of their life, they have a girlfriend, right? And so they subscribe to my email newsletter because they want to hear me tell jokes and be funny and like all those kinds of things, but they're not enough pain, right? This is what happens. Those once or so, every single year, something bad is going to happen. They're going to fight. They're going to whatever. So the second they get in a fight, the very first email they open up, mine's on top. Because at that point they're in pain, they're going to buy something. And if mine's the first email, they're going to buy for me. So he justifies sending out 90 emails a day so that the second that person's broken up with, they will buy his thing instantly. And he's made a good business out of it, right? I don't think that's realistic for most of us, but there you go. But email is different intimacy level, right? So you have to kind of find what's your comfort level for you. You know, for me, it might be three times a week, something like that. Okay? Messenger again, like I said, is different intimacy level. More than once a week, I feel really weird. Direct email, phone calls, text messages, you're kind of thinking through those things, right? Like what's the frequency of how you can kind of communicate with those things, right? Okay. That's the first phase in this process. Okay. I'm going to come back to this graphic, but I'm going to do something first and then come back because I need this to set context. Okay. The next thing I want to take you through is the ideal timeline of how you sell somebody something. Okay? These will make more sense here in a second after I introduce both concepts. Okay? So the first one, if you look at the follow-up timeline, it's like the emotional timeline. Okay. The first way that I try to sell somebody, this is them. This is them kind of awkward and this is like tears. They're crying, right? So my very first pass at trying to sell somebody something, that's about right, emotion, emotional, right? Okay. The very first time, like if you come on my webinar, my very first pitch, my very first thing, if you're coming in, you're opting and you're doing whatever, my very first way that I'm going to try to sell you is emotionally, right? Okay. People buy things emotionally, but then they justify them logically. Okay? So I try to get you to buy things emotionally because emotion is a bigger driver than logic. Okay? So my first pass, the best case scenario you guys are signing up is to appeal to your emotion. That's why we tell stories. That's why we do things like that because it appeals to your emotion, right? If I can get you emotionally engaged in the thing, you're more likely to buy it. Okay? That's like, if I was like, if I have one shot at like trying to like sell everyone, I'm going to use emotion every single time. It's the best thing, right? Okay? Now, if you look at all of your sequences, your follow-up funnel, start thinking about this, right? You do a webinar live. How many of you guys have done webinars live? You do the webinar, you tell your stories, you do your thing, you get excited, and how do you buy immediately, right? Those are all of your emotional people who are like so bought in emotionally like, I mean, I'm going to do it. Okay? I'm curious, if I'm not hacking live, when I do the first presentation for this group, how many years bought after my first initial presentation? Okay? So you're all my emotional buyers. We emotionally connected and you're like, I'm in and you ran back to the thing, right? Okay? People buy live on the webinar. They're my emotional people who are buying initially first. Okay? So that's the first pass. That's the best thing you can possibly do. Okay? And you understand that people don't buy things logically, typically. Okay? What happens is they buy them emotionally and then they have to go back and justify them logically. Okay? They buy them emotionally and they justify them logically. Okay? So, for example, let's say you go to the store and you buy a Ferrari and you sit in the Ferrari and you're like, oh my gosh. And then you fill the whole thing and like for the men in the audience, you know what I'm talking about. You feel bad, you're like, oh man, I would look so cool behind this. And you're like, okay, I'm going to buy it. And you buy it and you take home and you see your wife and you're like, why did you buy a Ferrari? Like why would you do that? Like, oh, well, it gets really good gas mileage. It's got a five year bumper to bumper warranty. And you're trying to logically convince her, right? Like that's what happens typically. Like we buy things emotionally and then we try to justify them logically. Okay? But you see, you understand that people buy things emotionally. That's why story is so important. That's why in every single thing I've ever taught in all the different books and everything I do is always story, story, story. Because this is your best shot at convincing someone and change them is through emotion. Like that's the first thing. It's the pitch. Okay? You just do an emotion. Now, after the emotional pitch is done, there's a group of people typically afterwards, they emotionally, maybe they wanted to, they didn't, but something kept them in the way. And usually it's like, it's the more logical thing is you like, the logic part of the brain is like, ah, but, but, but, and they have all these like butts that are coming in, right? So then the second phase that we're migrating people to is after emotion, then we're moving them over here into logic. This is my attempt at drawing a graduation cap. Yeah. How's that look? Yeah. All right. This is called logic or we call it the seminar world, the repitch. Okay. So after the emotional thing, then the next day, and Myron used a lot of emotions as well because he's a very emotional man, but the second call, the repitch is more focused on logic. Okay. You didn't buy your motion. You're excited for some reason to buy. Let me explain this logically why you need to do this. Now we start coming back and start appealing to logic. Okay. This is called the repitch. How many of you guys bought the last day of funnel hacking live? Okay. The presentation was designed to appeal to your logic. Okay. First day appeal to emotion. Got the first wave of buyers came through. Second day appeal to logic and like, oh my gosh, you're right. If you notice like the verbiage I would use and some of that is like logically, you guys have to admit this makes sense. Logically, you know, the only way you're actually going to do this is to actually get your funnel live. Logically, you know that if you don't do something today and you go home, you're going to miss out on this opportunity. You're not going to have what you need to push yourself forward. Right. So we're doing logical closes the second pass through. That makes sense. Okay. So we lead with emotion. We then migrate second pass to logic. And then the last pass here, this is this dude and he is now worried. This is called our urgency slash scarcity close. This is based on takeaway. So this is about to disappear and you got to go now. This is people who like emotionally so logical. So but they're like, awesome. Keep in keeping. Keep in. You have like, oh, shove them off the edge. Like, oh my gosh. Okay. I'm in. Right. That's the last thing. So we start with emotion, move to logic and urgency and scarcity. Okay. So every sequence we do, if you start looking at it from a higher level, you will start seeing this pattern happening. Right. Somebody comes into my world into a funnel. My first pitch is an emotional pitch. Okay. I'm going to do three or four or five things trying to emotionally convince you that this is the greatest thing in the world. Then after I've got all the low hanging through every news, emotionally, let me close and I transitioned my messaging now to logical based things. How can I logically convince them that this is the right vehicle for them? How can I logically explain to them that this is better than every other alternative they're using? How can I logically do this? Right. So I'm going to do the logicals. I'll get the next, the next group of people off the top from there. And then my last shot is like, you guys, I'm taking this away. It's disappearing. Like urgency is scarce. You got to do this. Like now is the time. If you don't do now, it's going to be gone forever. It's going to be taken away and that gets the last group of people through and then it ends. Okay. So we use this in everything, right? For liking live, you saw the process. I just explained it. Okay. And you see in our webinars, someone registered for a webinar. They get emotional pitch. Okay. Then we push them to go watch the replay, which is another emotional pitch. Go watch the replay. Then I start logically trying to convince them that they need to do it. Right. So they usually typically will give them the transcripts of webinar because they want to read their logical thinkers. They want to see the thing. I give them other testimonies of those cases that people appealing to their logic. And then I take it away at the end and that's when the rest of the cells come in. Right. You see it there. You see in our book funnels, you see it in everything we're doing. This is the process. Okay. So it's happening over and over and over and over again. Okay. So now if we come back to this right here and I drop some circles, this one right here, let's see. This is the emotional person who's crying. This is the first phase of it. We transition over here to the logical dude or lady. And over here is the urgency and scarcity. Okay. So in these sequences, what I'm doing is I'm moving people from like, okay, my first set of retargeting ads are all appealing to emotion. What are the emotional ads I have? They're going to convince this person. What are the emotional emails I have that convince this person emotionally? What are the emotional Facebook message I can push them emotionally? Okay. And I move from there to the next phase. Like, okay, I've done everything I can emotionally to connect with these people. Now I'm transitioning to the logical side. What are the different pieces of content, the ads, the images, the proof, the things I have that'll appeal to the logical side of their brain? What are those I can put in there? Okay. And I'm going to shift my retargeting to be focusing on logic. I'm going to shift my emails to be focusing on logic. My text message, my phone call could be a logical call, right? And then last one is urgency and scarcity. And then the campaign ends. Okay. But that's the process of how we're migrating people through the process. Does that make sense? Very cool. How did you ask for that? Thank you. All right. So what I want you guys to do right now, we're going to exercise this because I want you to start thinking, right? Like what do you guys have at each of those steps for the offer that you have that you've created, right? So what I want you to do is I want you to look at this and draw these three circles, emotion, logic, and urgency. And then down below, I want you to start making a list. Okay. What are all the different things here? What are the things here? What are the things you have at each of these steps that you can go back and you can create or that you have already your asset? What are the different things you have? Okay. So for example, let's say it's the book funnel, right? The Traverse Seekers Book Funnel. Okay. So emotionally, like what are the assets I have where I can create, they're connected to something emotionally, they make them want to buy this book. Okay. So I'm thinking about this event, like we've been gathering stories from you guys about your experience of this event. So I've been looking through all the footage, like is there a story here that somebody told that emotionally isn't convinced somebody have to get this book? They have to get Traverse Seekers. That everything fit with Struggling Life and Tell That. Is there something I have to create something? What can I do to emotionally convince them, right? I'm thinking like is it, it could be an email, it could be a video, it could be a PDF, it could be a, it could be another webinar, it could be a video, it could be a million, it could be a podcast episode I did. It could be podcast episode Gary Vaynerchuk. It could be like whatever I have emotionally is going to get somebody to believe that this is what they need to get to the next year they want, right? So I'm going to have you go through and listen to many things that emotionally you have that you could create to convince somebody to buy your thing, right? And then number two is coming back logically. What are all the logical things I have? Oh yeah. I had so and so who bought for me, who's very logical. I can make a video of him, energy me and him about why he bought. He can logically explain why he bought, right? Who are your customers that bought here and bought here? Could you interviews with them and find out why did you buy? What was it push you over and then show that interview to somebody? Okay. Think about the experience last night with Nick. Like it was amazing for me and for I think for all of us, right? But did you notice that I had like eight video guys filming this whole thing? Everyone's running on capture on the things. I guarantee every single one of you guys that somewhere in the funnel for this program coming next year, there will be a video probably in the emotional pitch. That was a very emotional story where Nick is telling his story on stage here about this whole experience. Okay. Like I guarantee there's no way I wouldn't use that because it's amazing, right? Good thing I've been documenting this journey. Good thing everything's happening because that's going to be a very powerful thing for somebody who's like, I don't know if I should do it. I can't afford it. And I'll just like, let me tell you my friend Nick's story. You're like, oh my gosh, I do need to do it, right? That's a very emotional close. And what's the logical closes, right? And then what are the urgency, scarcity? So I want you to list as many assets as you can think of that you either have or you know that you could create for whatever your core offers right now that would be in the emotional, the logical or the urgency and scarcity. Okay. I spent three minutes doing this one minute on each one as many things you can think of what you do have or you could create. And I'll do that right now. Ready? Let's go. I'm begging, I'm begging, I'm begging, I'm begging you please stay cause that city, that city, that city, that city won't treat you my way and I'm hoping your over-braids down on the way as a speech to our place cause when you head downtown and they turn you around so just be your place so we keep holding on you had me all along there's no love in the city just life's looking pretty so don't run to the city there's no love in the city there's no love in the city just some life's looking pretty so don't run to the city there's no love in the city our history isn't the bestest not let it be Okay. How many of you guys got some ideas? Okay. I'm going to bring up my favorite John Parks in the whole world to come walk through stuff to give John Parks a huge round of applause. Thank you. Okay. I am his favorite John Parks in the world so yeah. I love John. I'm going to go through all these different things but I want John to start cause he does all this stuff on my side. I don't even know how to run Retarget Day out of him, to be honest. So I want to know from your mindset if someone comes in they'd lend us a page to get the book and then they don't follow up like what would your retargeting sequence look like through this channel right here? Okay, cool. Yeah. So it's not always that all of them will go all the way, right? For example, and a lot of you media buyers and people are doing it and realize that there's a point of diminishing return to realize like maybe just if they're engaging with your video, you know, and if you follow up with them so many times and they're not taking action you don't have to like hit them for 90 days after they've engaged in your video and you're just not getting anything out of them, right? So you've got to kind of realize like how long your sequences need to be but I would always try all three of these things, right? Maybe you don't try it for 30 days, maybe you try it for six days depending on the level of it. The more sophisticated of a lead they become, you know, the farther down this track of maturity that they come with you, obviously the longer you can talk to them, right? So what are some cool things you can do on engagement? So they've engaged with you, they've, you know, they've engaged with your ads and they've watched certain amount of them or they've liked or commented or all kinds of stuff like that. For emotional, you can do testimonials, you can do case studies, you can do epiphany bridges, you can tell your own story, you can tell origin stories, you can tell case studies, you can tell testimonials, those are great here. Yeah, so let's say I'm in the engagement phase, right? Retargeting for engagement. So they've watched so much of your video and your video was just an initial introduction to the book. Maybe it's the video of me holding the new book, I'm like, this is Russell, this is my new book, it's so awesome, oh you should all buy it. Click on the link down below, you are going to love this book, it's literally on fire and they'll light on fire, like, ah, and then, so that's the ad they just watched right there. So this is a pattern interrupt ad, it's a scroll stopper, it's a good disruptive ad, like Russell is saying, it's where you stood in front of an interest ad and they're like, oh, bam, what's that, right? But they don't necessarily know why they should buy the book or if it's any good. But if the next thing after they watch that video and they don't buy because they're not your quick impulse buyers, but instead, the next day they see an ad that's like, this video, remember this book right here that Russell was offering, this book changed my life, like it changed my business, it changed my life, now I can feed my family, you know, you've got this awesome Nick style video here on Emotions, then all of a sudden that book now takes life and you go and you buy it. So that would be a great one on Emotion. Then Logic, well, for example, I might not know, I might feel the emotion, well it works for Nick, but does it work for me, I don't know, does it work with real estate agents, does it work with, I'm in the financial industry, I don't know if it works for me, right? So then the Logic comes in and you start to like close some of those false beliefs, right? So it's more of a, you know, you can do all kinds of false beliefs, depending on your interest, you know, who you're targeting and what you're talking to and stuff like that, but you can start closing false beliefs, you can start talking about the benefits of the product itself. One video I had Russell do recently for Dotcom Secrets and Expert Secrets was him just giving a walkthrough of the book. I mean, just open to the contents of the book, the, what's that called, content page or index or whatever, table of contents. Yeah, open to the table of contents and just read it to me and then just tell me why you wrote it. Like I wrote chapter one is this and this is why I wrote it and this is what it's going to teach you about. Chapter two is this, this is what it's going to teach you about. Isn't that cool? Don't you want it? So that's more of a Logic close, right? It's more of like, okay, here's the content, now you're going to know what you're going to get, so come and get it. And these are, I mean, these kind of bleed through a lot of these. These will work in different scenarios, but for an urgency, scarcity close, it could be that the offer is going away. It could actually be on the funnel. You know, like it's only open for five days or it's only through this weekend that you can buy this special offer off the webinar. You know, there's lots of different ways to be urgent, you know, with urgency and scarcity. There's also some fun things you can do that doesn't, don't really have to do with the offer. Like for example, if I'm scrolling through Facebook and I've seen, you know, a burning book, Russell's got a book on fire and it's interesting, but I didn't buy and then I see a story about changing someone's life, but I didn't take action on that and I kind of see the content and I know that it's good, but I'm going to buy it later. Well, urgency and scarcity comes up and I might in the ad actually call out the fact like, you know what, you've seen this book and you've seen this offer for the last eight days. In two days, you're not going to see this ad anymore. Like I'm taking it down in the sense of you're, you're going to drop off my follow-up sequence and you'll forget that the book even exists. So you need to buy it now before it's out, it's out of your view, right? Because you're not going to remember. And so I'll even call that out. Like for Funalacking Live, I've got a secret sequence right now where I say that. It's like, if you don't buy your tickets now, you're not going to buy your tickets and you're going to lose your chance because you're going to forget about it, right? Because I'm, because you're dropping off of my list or sometimes we'll actually, when people get to the end of a large sequence like this and they haven't taken action, why am I still fighting with that person? They obviously don't want me. So then I just threatened to put them in a naughty list and then they just, right? In our naughty list. Kind of a Tom Breeze thing. He had that concept. So you throw them into a list where it's like, I, you're going to be like, you're going to be blacklisted basically if you don't take action. So do you want to be there? Right? Um, so you can call them out like that too. We're subscribers. So you got to just kind of think through like the actions they've taken with you. So they've given you their email or they joined Messenger or something like that. Um, and so you think about your funnel, like what have they consumed so far to get to this point? They've already watched my story on the product, you know, whatever it is, my, you know, whatever story you've given them already and then where did they drop off? And so you think, well, what other emotional things can I throw in there? Um, can I throw in some more testimonials, some more case studies? Um, how else can I convince them? You know, or persuade them to, uh, to start taking action on it. So it's just kind of like the more sophisticated they get, kind of the longer you can run it and, um, the different angles you can take. Yeah. Yeah. You're spending less money on someone here than someone here versus someone that's here. Yeah. Keep going down because it'll work more. It's the whole action score. They become more valuable to you and so you can spend more money to help tell them as well. Totally. Very cool. And you can start cross-selling too. Like, but that's another thing. Okay. That's, that's the next step. Then it jumps off and pushes into. Yeah. We'll go. We'll get in a minute. So let's give John Aronto applause. Are good. Okay. So I'm going to think about this in a couple of different ways. Okay. The first thing is just like all the assets you're creating, right? Um, like, again, your documented journey, partially because you're documenting the journey, partially because you're creating these assets. You could use layer. Okay. If you launch your funding, okay, cool. How do what, what should I use for images? You're like, I don't crap. I wish I'd taken images back when I was writing the book. That'd been cool. I wish I'd done any of it to go back and create. It's hard, right? But if you're documenting the process, like, oh my gosh, I have a camera, I remember taking a picture of myself every single day as I'm, as I'm doing my thing and I got a whole bunch of pictures. You scroll back, you know, month or two ago when you're creating products, like, oh my gosh, here's like 30 pictures. It could be amazing ads. You can grab those things and start plugging them in, start building out the process here, right? And so that's, that's the ad level. Now in a perfect world, we could blast everyone with everyone of our messages every single day and just blanking them, right? Um, and you can do that more so with like retargeting banner ads, things like that. But as you move to different media, you can't do that as much, right? So with email, for example, I'm looking the same thing I'm looking at. Here's all the different assets we have that we're using in retargeting. Now email, I don't have, I can't hit them every day. Maybe I can hit three times that, uh, every third day can hit them. So I'm looking through them. Okay. Strategically thinking of all the assets I've created. I've got three. What are my three best or maybe my two best that I can focus that are emotional, right? Okay. Cause you only got two shots at it. It's like, use your best to emotional ones. I'm looking at all my videos, my assets, my stories and like, okay, these are the, if all the things I've created, these are the two that are the very, very best. Right. So then the sequence, I'm going to email out my first best shot boom right here. My second best shot here, boom right here. Right. And then I'm like, okay, that was my two best shots at emotion. Now I'm shifting to logic. What do I have of the two best logical assets I've created? They're going to convince them logically, right? Then email number two or three and four or my two shots at that. And then I got two shots at, at, at logic or excuse me, at urgency scarcity. I do my two best crates like that. Boom, boom. And then they drop off the end of it. Right. So I'm going to say that in that situation, I have 16 emails that go out. Maybe it's three emails depending on how you build out your sequence. Okay. So that's the next piece. Now you move down to like message. You're like, okay, I can't message somebody every single day cause they're going to be annoyed, but maybe I got one shot a week. So if I got one shot a week to hit these guys in this sequence, that means I got two, two shots like what are going to be the best that they could possibly do. Maybe I have some kind of presentation. I can pitch that it's going to be emotional and logic or maybe one's just emotion and one's logic, urgency and scarcity, but I got two shots with the two best conversion points that I'm going to have in that kind of sequence. Does that make sense? Okay. And it moves down here. Same thing. Like if I'm going to have some cell phone, I got one shot of cell phone, like of all the assets I've created, what's the one thing that five days and I could text them that might, it's going to get them over the line. I'm thinking through all the assets I've created. What could I create? What, what would that look like? And I plug that into the sequence. Right. And safety now is other pieces. Okay. So that's how we're starting to think through these things. It's like, you just have to create a whole bunch of stuff all the time as your documented process. So that when you're doing it, you have all the different pieces you need to be able to kind of lay out the process. It was amazing. When I got started back on the internet and back in the day, we didn't have retargeting. We didn't have messenger. We didn't have like all we had was like email. So they gave you an email that I didn't, that was it. Right. That was the first 10 years of my business. And so we are really good. It's like, if someone comes emails in, all right, take me to the process. How emotional am I going to close them? How logically? How urgency and scarcity and all we had is email. Right. Now we've got all these other tools we can kind of layer upon and keep laying in thing after thing after thing. It gets more complex, obviously, but also way more effective and way more efficient because you can so many different ways to kind of close somebody. Right. And so those are the things to start thinking through. If this seems overwhelming for any of you guys, which it might be, figure out like what's the channel you want to focus on the first. Maybe it's just email. Like, okay, let's try to really get email sequence and take them through this logical progression. And then from there, it's like, okay, let's add retargeting level and this can, and you can start adding things into the, into the sequences you go. That makes sense. All right. Very, very cool. So that is the follow up timeline, how those two things worked together. Let me jump back on the images. She can see this. All right. If I take a picture of that or whatever, there's kind of the, there's the picture of how this whole process works. Okay. So you're building out your funnels. That's the first step is like, okay, I have this funnel. It's going out. This, let's choreograph this whole thing. And what this really is, is choreographing cells, right? So when it comes to this funnel, how am I choreographing the stuff to be able to, to, to convert them? Um, I did a podcast a while ago about a marketing choreography and you think about what we do. Um, like all we're doing is choreography, right? If you look at it that way, like this is marketing choreography. Like I got to choreograph this entire thing, right? You'll get good dancers. They don't walk on the stage and like, okay, let's learn how to dance. They're jumping around. It's like, no, they have, they have their thing choreographed, right? Like we're going to go here and go here. And they have this whole thing choreographed. The same thing is true in marketing. We went and spoke at, uh, Grant Cohn owns 10 X event. Um, anyone who was, who was there at the 10 X event? Ha, that was fun, huh? Who's coming this year to the 35,000 person version? Okay. So it's insane. So it doesn't make any logical sense to me, but I had this amazing opportunity to go speak in front of 9,000 people. And so we sit down and say, okay, how do we choreograph this event to make the most amount of money possible from the process? Right? Like this is a huge opportunity. I can walk into it and buy and sell something and walk off. Or I could like think through the career, choreography and really maximize this thing. Right? And so we spent, I mean, Dave and I, at least at so much time choreographing everything. Like how do we get order forms in their hands? How do we get pens on their desk? How do we get them to be able to find the exits? Like it was a huge process when we spent a ton of money and effort to choreograph this thing, right? Um, and I remember we showed up and, uh, the first day happened and it was amazing. See Grant come from the ceiling and this big, huge thing yelling and screaming and fireworks popping up and it was like this amazing thing. And then I'm at my hotel room doing my slides. I'm stressing out about it. And then that night they opened up the doors for us and we came in, we had, how many attempts did you bring? So Dave hired 40 something temps and our team was there and we had 9,000 bags with. Oh, cause initially we had these order forms with the pen in it. We're going to put it on people's chairs and we found out that chairs like movie theater chairs, they pop up. So like the thing when orders, we had to go order bags and put the order form packets in the bags and holding the bags on the chairs. But we had 45, whatever people all going through the whole entire state and putting these bags in everyone's chairs and we're watching and then three or four of my buddies who were also speaking show up and they're like, what are you guys doing? I'm like, Oh, we're putting order forms in everyone's chairs with pens because I figure at 9,000 people, no one's going to have a pen. And if I want to close a lot of people, I need to make this simple as possible. He's like, you guys did all of that? It's like, yeah, dude, we're speaking for 9,000 people. Like, do you know the opportunity you have? And when my buddies was like, dude, I didn't do anything. Yeah. And you guess what happened? You guys have heard the story, right? I closed more cells and all the other speakers combined. The reason why is because of marketing core choreography. That's what this is right here. So we're choreographing the thing, right? We have our dream customer coming into our world and I'm dancing with them. Like, how do I choreograph this experience? Right? They click on the ad. I got a choreograph where are they going first? What are they seeing? What's the next thing they're seeing? How am I taking them? What are the emails? What are the messages? And we're choreographing this process with them. And if it works, well, at the very end, they end up the side of the buyer and now we can serve them. Right? So don't be like, oh my gosh, I don't know, 20 ads. Like, no, this is the fun part. This is the creative part. Like, this is recording. This is figuring out how to get this person and get them to believe you and trust you and like you enough that you can actually serve them and change their lives. Like, this should be the most exciting thing we do in their entire business, right? Is the choreography of this. Okay. And you look at the difference, right? Just in the 10 X days, like someone who choreographed versus someone who didn't. Like, it's not like a little difference. It's like, it's more than everybody else combined, right? It makes you categorically. You get all the business. So it's worth doing. It's fun. Like, have your team sit down and like, let's map this out. Let's choreograph this whole thing. What's the first ad going to be? The second ad. The third ad is we're moving them through this logical progression of emotion to logic, to urgency and scarcity. And then we close it. Okay. All right. So that is, that is the first part of the follow-up funnels process. Um, all right. I'm going to move to step number two here. Step number two is what we call funnel stacking. So this is where, let's see. Oops, don't want to say it. Okay. So funnel stacking now is like this, this right here is just one funnel, right? We just kind of took you guys through. Like if somebody was to hit, hit one of these front end funnels, boom, they hit one of these things from the ad. Now we're, now we're choreographing the follow-up funnel. It's going to get them to actually end up buying and making some money. Right. So after they've done that, now it's like, now they're in our world, now it's black box. And now we're using follow-up funnels now to send them from step one to step two, to step three through our, through our value ladder. Okay. So that's what the next set of follow-up funnels start doing. Okay. So I'm going to walk you guys through my master scheme. And we just want to see what we actually do behind the scenes. Okay. Haha. Only three of you want to know the rest of you guys can go outside. It'll be fine. But the three who were excited. Okay. All right. So a couple of things I'm going to set this up with. One thing is it's funny because like the whole value ladder concept we developed in the doc.com seekers book. It's interesting like, cause I've been thinking about this for a long, long time. And it wasn't until about a year ago, one of our inner circle events, Dana Derek was on stage and he had this epiphany and he shared with everybody. And it was like epiphany for me. And what he said, he said, it's interesting is that a lot of us get caught up in this value ladder, right? And we're also adding to him, changing things, we're moving the end. It's like, and super confusing. Some people have like value ladders like go off on two different steps. And there's like one that goes this way and one goes this way. And one goes up and down. There's elevators. It's like, what the crap are we doing? Right. And what Dana said was so great. So you got to realize that, that in our businesses, you should get the right number of these. He's like, you, you spend time developing your value ladder. Well, it's fascinating is after your value ladder is built, you should never ever touch this again, ever. Right. You don't keep adding things here. Don't keep changing. Like this, this is finite. This happens once and then you don't do it again. Okay. So right now in our company, we have a project from now till December 31st called Operation Value Ladder. And what we're doing, we've defined and finalized exactly what this is. And we're getting all the pieces in place and all the follow ups in place. And I'll walk you through how it works. So they go from step one to step two, step three and everything happens here. And then December 31st, I'm not allowed to touch this ever again. My team knows that. Okay. Then moving forward next year, the only thing that we're allowed to do, because those entrepreneurs are creative and we have a bunch of ideas. One thing I'm allowed to do is create new front end funnels to bring people in. And then they're introduced to the value ladder and I can't touch it again at that point, we're moving forward. Okay. So it's cool about this. After you do it, you set it up, then it's done and you don't touch it again. All you do is create new front end funnels. And then if you don't want to create new front end funnels, you don't have to. But if you're obsessive, compulsive like me and you want more funnels, you can do it, but you're only doing front ends. You will notice coming next year, we will launch one new front end every quarter. And that's it. You want me to see me do back end thing? Like anything else will shift. It'll be just new front ends that bring new people into our world. And then we send them up to the exact same value ladder. Okay. So do my value ladder down here. These are my front ends. Right. So this is like.com secrets. This is expert secrets. It'll be traffic secrets in a couple of months. And there's, we have these little front end funnels that bring people into our world. Right. Boom. 30 days with the front end funnel to me. I saw that we've got perfect webinar. We've got a lot of different things. Right. So that's, that's the first phase. This right. So we're driving people into these funnels. Okay. And then we do the fall out funnel to get them to buy. Um, all right. Now, if you look at our face, we did a test of this, um, last month and it's going amazingly well. I'm not going to spend too much time on this, but, um, uh, one of our inner circle members, uh, her name is Natasha Hazel. She's actually going to be speaking a funnel hacking live about this. I'm so excited. Um, is, uh, is contest or challenge funnels. And, uh, she started doing hers and completely transformed and changed her business. Um, she had a book that she created was like a free play shipping offer. She was struggling with it and they got frustrated. They thought, you know what, this is like our best stuff. Why are we going to make for free instead? Let's sell it for $47. Um, and then when they, or the, the sell a challenge, we're going to challenge them to learn stuff in the book and we'll give them a free copy of the book when they buy the $47 challenge. So they did that, took them through this challenge. I think hers is a four week challenge and they go week by week. They're taking through this challenge and the end of the challenge, she offers them a, she does her webinar and, uh, and it's crazy. I think the worst webinar she's done so far at the end of the challenge, she close 20% usually it's way higher than that. What she found is that 80% of the people who finished the challenge end up, uh, upgrading to her, to a thousand other things. Right. So pretty amazing. Um, then I saw Garrett White, how many of you guys have, have gone through Garrett White's, the Kings kit challenge. You're not a man skin. Um, if you go to the Kings kit challenge, it's only for men and there's like literally a check box. You have to check this is I am a man and I have a penis. Like it's literally one of his, you have to select it and Chris just selected it. Yes. Um, okay. Oh man. Oh man. Oh man. Okay. So I shared the story for different purpose, but I'm glad we got Chris to, uh, anyway, whatever. Okay. So, uh, so Garrett's Kings kit challenge, he launched this, I think five or six months ago, month one, he got a thousand people to join a month, two got 2000 months, three got three, I think last three months, there were 4,000 people joined each month. Someone comes in, they go through a 30 day experience and the end of it, Garrett sells his $500 a month software. Now 25% of people that go to the challenge and upgrading to his $500 a month software insane. So I was like freaking out geeking out. You asked my team, like all I talked about for like 60 days was challenge, funnels, and so we decided to launch the one funnel way challenge, which how many of you guys go through the process right now? Yeah. So we had 7,500 people sign up for the very first challenge. So far it's insane. Stephen logs and everything that he yells at him, pumps him up, motivates him. Everybody's got these excuses. Like, oh, but I don't know how to do this. He's like, oh, yes, you can. And like, destroys their false beliefs. And what's happening is the wrong people are disappearing and the right people are coming in and they're being indoctrinated the right way. So when they enter into the rest of our value ladder, we have, we have to craft and create them to become our dream customer before we allow them up the value ladder. Okay. It gets rid of all of the annoying stuff because they've learned, they've been coached and then trained at this level to know how to work with us, what we expect and how it works. And now when people move past that, they're not annoying and frustrating, lame and hard. Right. They're awesome. Okay. So for us, all these things happen right here. And then the only goal of me selling the dot com secrets book is after you buy the books, like cool, you're in the book, you're gonna learn about funnels. Now you gotta do one fun away challenge is 100 bucks. Go sign up right now. Boom. So my expert secret is cool. You want to be an expert. The first step is taking this challenge. We'll sign out 100 bucks. Boom. Like this will become the back end of every single thing I do. Okay. Mark my word. You'll see it. So this is our one funnel away challenge. We'll be relaunching this as evergreen in January. So that point you guys can funnel hack the crap out of me. Those who are in the process, you can see what's happening. And it's, it's amazing. So for us, that's, that's the next level of ascension, right? One fun away challenge at the end of the one funnel way challenge, we have a captive audience of people who have been trained, motivated, become our dream customers, and we'll make them a special offer. We're still finalizing what that offer will be. We do know the name will be unlock the secrets. Um, I'm not sure what it's going to be, but it's going to be some type of something amazing. So that's the next level of ascension. Um, that's all I'm going to give you. We're actually planning it out, uh, late tomorrow night. So I'll know more soon. Those who are in the challenge will find out about it because we'll be inter telling you about the end of the challenge from this, people will send up to this amazing program to karma club X and from two comic club X, people will ascend up into inner circle and we actually have one new tier coming up called. Do I tell people? I can't tell you go get a logo. Crank. This is gonna, this is a, this is our top tier. I'll give you, I'll give you, I'll tell you what it is. Um, it's our category Kings mastermind group. And what we're doing with this is we're taking people who've become a category King, um, and, uh, literally, this is going to be amazing. Uh, we're going to be running private planes and like five or six people will be in the group will jump in a private plane together. And let's say Julie's in it. We will all fight at Julie's office and for a day, she will give us everything she's got and then we'll jump in a plane and we'll fight at John's office and we'll do that for entire week and hit everybody up and, uh, it'll be amazing. So that's the last tier of ascension for us. So everyone who's in my inner circle, that's the one I'm all gunning for to be part of that and, uh, that's kind of the process. So this is the path, um, for our business, right? How many of you guys want to apply to do other private jet stuff? So this is, so this is it, right? So for me, this was our, we got this in place. This will be in place by the end of the year. This is like all these things are in place and this is it. Now I'm not allowed to touch this again. Okay. All I know to do now is if I want to create more friend and offers, I create more ads to sell the front of offers, but that's, that's my fun. That's my business, right? That's how the whole thing works together. Did I get in trouble? I probably been in trouble from somebody. I'm so sorry. Okay. All right. Now the next step of this, how many of you guys read the dotcom see this book? So when I first started talking about communication funnels, it's like the very basic before follow-up phones, talking about communication phones, talking about there's two types of emails we send out. Number one, we're our daily, what emails? Yeah. Three of you actually read the book. All right. These are the daily Seinfeld emails, right? So for me, um, and I'm not going to write daily and I'm not going to write Seinfeld messages because now it's not just emails. It's all sorts of messages. But I'm sending out my daily messages. They're like me telling an amazing story than pushing somebody somewhere. These messages are all either going to a front end here or scoring the one funnel way challenge. So that's it. So every single day I walk up and make a message and I send it out and they're pushing to either front end or the one phone way challenge. That's it. I do not front end message. Don't go past here. Right. They're just pushing people into this into the challenge or the other thing. So for example, what I would do, um, in fact, I'm working with, uh, with Yada over here on this right now. So she is an amazing email story seller and, uh, she's doing this for a ton of other people, but, um, basically is recapturing stories of people who are one funnel way. And then telling the stories, the emails, then telling this amazing story. And that's like, if you want to be one funnel way too, click on one, go to one funnel way.com and sign up for the challenge. Okay. Next thing we tell another amazing story about someone in our community who's had success, he'll build up the belief and they're like, if you're ready, go to one funnel way.com boom. And then we do it again and we do it again. It's just constant beating the drum. Boom, boom, boom, constant beating the drum. Right. Cause some people it's going to take them once or twice or 10 or 50 or 100 times for the fine. Like, Oh my gosh, this must work. I've gotten 35 emails from Russell. All people have done this. Like, what if I could do it and then they're going to come and the next time I'll tell another one and keep doing that. So these are our daily messages, right? So these are happening and they're pushing either to the one funnel way challenge or if we have a front end, it could push that go get your free book, go get your thing. This is like the pieces as well. Okay. So that's the sign for the emails. Now the next step here are the soap opera sequences. Okay. So soap opera sequences, emails. These are like your follow up funds. This is where you're taking somebody through, uh, through a choreographed story. Okay. A choreographed storyline, moving them from, uh, from, uh, from emotion to logic, to urgency and scarcity. Okay. It's choreographed. You look at a soap opera. The reason why I call these soap opera sequences. I learned my friends, Andre Schaperone wrote a course called, um, what's it called? All response madness. Yeah. It's amazing. Um, and he kind of, he kind of coined that term soap opera sequence when he said, it's a good soap opera and soap operas, they never end. Right. In fact, to my wife, before we started married, before we got married, she just watched soap operas and then we got married and we stopped that horrible habit. And like 15 years later we were, we went on a trip somewhere and she flipped it on the TV and she was like, Oh my gosh. And she knew all the people and their storylines and how they work. She's like, that person died like seven years ago. How are they still on this? Like it was crazy. Right. Because it never ends. It's just this thing where like they're opening loops, closing loops, open loops, closing loops, opening, closing, open, close, open, close, open, close. Right. So what we typically do in like a soap opera sequence is not just like a standalone email. This is a standalone email tells the story, push them to a thing. A soap opera sequence is where you're telling a story that weaves through multiple messages, this choreograph, right? From, um, from emotion to logic to urgency and scarcity. And you're telling this, but you're opening your closing things. Right. So somebody buys and say they buy the doc ticker's book. There is, uh, I'm ascending in from step one to step number two through a soap opera sequence. So, soap opera follow up funnel. Okay. So they come in here and this is, there's a beginning and there's an end with a goal. The goal is to get them to ascend to the next level. Right. So you bought doc, say it's an expert secret. So you bought expert secrets. You put into this follow up funnel and it's like, cool. You bought the expert secrets thing. Now I start telling my stories. Right. I'm doing this through all the different channels. Okay. All of the channels here. Boom. You're in the sequence right now. It's like all the channels here. Right. So I'm emailing you the, the stories that they get, the gets an expert secrets buyer to become a one funnel way buyer. I email the things I'm retargeting them with the same things. I'm Facebook, whatever I can, I'm taking that follow up that sequence. I'm telling this storyline that all we've together to ascend them to the next tier of the value ladder. Does that make sense? Okay. So that's the soap opera funnel. And the goal of that is to get them to ascend up. Um, if they don't, if they don't want to send up, what happens to drop some down here? I'll put a little star and it means the bumps back up here and they're back into the, into the, into the messages. Right. There's some reason they didn't buy from this thing. So it's like, cool. They're not ready yet. Let's get back in and tell them more stories. They tell more stories, tell more stories. Maybe they buy the next book and then now they're ready. This time they go in the fall funnel for this one. And also it's like, now they're ready and then they send up. Right. So, and if they're not pulled, boom, drop back in here, get back on the daily messages and I'm keep getting it. And then, um, and then maybe they come directly here now they're in a boom. Now they, now they're at this point. Okay. So we have a follow-up funnel that's goal is to send them from step one to step number two. Okay. Now let's say they do one funnel way challenge. Now we're moving them up to the next fall funnel. So here's our next soap opera fall funnel and the goal now is to choreograph an experience and a storyline and a soap opera that moves them from one funnel way challenge to the unlock the secrets. Okay. So that's the next set of messages and it's taking the whole process at the end of it. Either they will send up to this thing or they will drop back out to drop back out and move back here and maybe they weren't ready yet. Let's keep this, keep the storage, keep the storage, keep the story. Someone's are going to come back in and they're going to send back up. How many guys bought three or four or five things from before you ever came to funnel hacking live? Okay. It just happens that way. Sometimes you're not ready. It comes back to the whole dating analogy, right? On my buddy since nine emails a day. Some guys weren't enough pain the first time or the second time or the third time, but somewhere along the line, some message hit you and you're like, now I'm ready. I'm going to go. I need to do this. I don't care. I have to do that. I've been hearing about this. I'm hearing about it, but like now there's enough pain that I'm going to make the change I need in my life. Right. Okay. So that's why it's this constant thing. It's a constant beating the drums, constant telling the stories, constant, giving them belief. Okay. All right. Now at the end of this, they unlock secrets and it's like, okay, cool. Now we got to move the next level of ascension. So now we build a soap opera. Follow up funnel. And the goal is to get them. So the goal of each of these is to get them into the next, the next piece. Right. Um, if they don't take it, drops them down back to the beginning. They do a sense of two comma club X to comma club X. We haven't had this recently, but we have some spaces in the circle starting to open up. So now there's going to be a sequence trying people to send it in a circle and inside your circle, there'll be a sequence. Now that sends to the next level. Okay. What's that? We have it yet. But there's a process soon. Anyway, anyway, we'll come back. Talk about later. Just kidding. I'm not selling anything today. But that yourself, let me in. Anyway, but that's the process. Yeah, it works. So this is how these fall funnels work together. Like this is like a daily broadcast, send things out the follow up funnel. The goal of fall funnels is to get some to move from one spot to the next. And if one spot to the next and to send them through your value ladder, as people move up your value ladder, you're providing more value to them and exchange. There's the value score. They become more valuable to you. Okay. So that's how these follow up funnels, how they tie together, how they work. How the soap opera sequences works with the soap opera sequences and how the whole thing kind of works. That makes sense. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So I want, I want to take, I want to, I want to do a little longer work time this time because there's a lot of pieces of this. I know you guys want to talk and share, but let's try to keep it quiet for at least the first five minutes. I want to, I want you guys to actually think really quick. I want to take 10 minutes for the exercise. The first five minutes, so try to stay in your head with yourself on your pad of paper and I want you to start mapping out what is your value ladder actually look like? Do you have something like that? What is your value? Where are you taking me with you? What's the ascension? If you don't have one, that's fine. Just like, I need something here. I know I need something here. It's right. Figure out what, what your value looks like, what pieces you're probably missing and then start thinking, okay, what can my daily message be? What's the one unified message I can send every single day? For me, it's your one funnel way, every single day. You're one funnel way, you're one funnel way, you're one funnel way. What's your unified message? What's your future based cause? All the stuff we talk about expert seekers. What's the thing you could talk about every single day? And then it's like, what's the soap opera sequence look like? It sends them from here to here, from here to here, from here to here, and so on and so forth and start looking at those. Cause these are the things you got to create to start moving people through these levels. Okay. As soon as you own the traffic, that's the goal is how to provide more values. People do that by moving them up to value ladder. Okay. Again, then closer and closer to you. That makes sense. Okay. So the assignment, build out your value ladder, plug in the things that you stepped. You're missing things and be aware of that and figure out what is the sign fill message to tie back to your future based cause you can talk about every day. And what are the fault forms you need to do? So let's do, we're going to do a 10 minute thing. The first five minutes, try to focus and just not talk too much. And then last 10 minutes you can share with you or last five minutes you share with your friends and we'll come back in 10 minutes. Ready? Go. Uh, one interesting question. Someone asked Julie that I want to bring up. Oh, I just changed the thing. All right. Someone said, where's funnel hacking live fitting this whole thing? So, huh. So funnel hacking live technically is a soap opera sequence. Right. They send somebody from here to, to here. Like if you notice how we choreograph funnel hacking live, it's amazing experience, but we choreograph it with the goal. Eventually you get people to send up to the next tier, right? Which is how and why you guys are all here. Um, so you'll see this all as this comes out, how it ties back to funnel hacking live with the goal for like you live outside of providing amazing experience and taking people next level, building better relationships is then to send people to the next level, which is why you guys are all here today. Right. Like that's what made the main goals of funnel hacking live. So it's, it is his own soap opera choreograph experience as well. Which is kind of cool. All right. Um, okay. We've got one, two, three more things to do today. Um, the first thing we're going to do, well, till they last, the second thing we're going to do after we're going to break after the next thing we're going to do, we come back from the break. Oh man. Okay. When we come back, um, some of you guys have been asking like, what's the plan to comic club X? What's it look like next year? What's happening? What's happening on the cruise? What's happening after the cruise? What's the plan? Like, come on, you guys, I have always surprised you want me to ruin them all. So I'm going to ruin some surprises for you guys tonight. You guys are cool with that. I'm not going to ruin all of them just enough that you guys will be hooked for for life. Okay. No, no, but I'll tell you some of the plans. Um, they're not all finalized. We have some really cool, exciting things coming up for, uh, for two C six next year. Um, this year was, I've been a fun, amazing experience. And, uh, our thing is always like, what's the next level? How do I make this better? What's the state? And so, um, I'm excited to start unveiling some of the cool things. How many of us are planning on coming on the cruise with us already? I got a really good prize on the cruise. I'm not going to tell you that one right now. Cause it's like insane. All right. It's going to be so fun. Um, anyway, uh, and then, um, after, after I talk about next year, I'm going to share this piece of paper, the edge right here, which is like the dream 100 for 2.0. And then that'll be it for, um, for the event. So I'm excited. Um, what I want to do right now though, is I know there's not a lot of questions. We got a little bit of time right now. And so, um, we step two mics and this is real quick for you to start running the mics. This is the game plan. Um, I want to make sure first off that you are asking questions that are relevant to what we talked about in this event. Um, it was funny at, um, at the dry bar comedy club event that we did last week. Somehow JP was, as he was making fun of me and over and over again, he talked about like, uh, one of his quiz questions made fun of me was like, what is Russell not monetized? Someone yelled out from back to the audience, his love life. And my wife was like, what? So no one asked me how I'm on, has my love life and can't ask those kind of questions. I don't want questions about other like anything. I want stuff in context of, of this event. If you have questions of stuff, not in context of traffic secrets that we can do at other times or ask coach or other things like that. But, um, I want to make sure that this is super relevant for everyone who's in the room. So if you have questions at any piece of this process so far from the dream 100 to the show, to the, to the traffic control you earn, the front end funnels, the, the black box, the follow-up funnels, the value score, the seven levels of a funnel. All of this we talked about in the last two days, um, we've probably spent 30 minutes or so doing some open mic Q&A. So there's a mic over here. There's a mic over here. If you have any questions, just line up and we'll have some fun doing that. And, um, if there are no questions, we'll just take a nap. Okay. There's questions. Good. All right. You're up from number one. Hi, Russell. My name is Dairy. How are you going? Amazing. How you doing? Awesome. Thank you. Uh, so we're fortunate enough to be going to series and pretty awesome growth, the growth at the moment. We'll do about 440 this month. We did 300 last month. Nice. And we were going about 10, 15% month on month before that. But I feel like we've got so much further that we can go with the traffic channels that we've got, but I also feel guilty that I'm not tapping into everything that I could be. So my question is, should I just dig as deep as I can in the veins that I've got? Or should I spread my risk and make sure that we're tapping into the other channels that I know, like we're, we're only doing organic YouTube. We're not doing any paid YouTube. We're doing paid social and joining 100 through influencers. That's pretty much it. Cool. Great question. So I'd say part of it depends on your team structure, right? Like you have some like plugging them in to do something. What I wouldn't do is like take your dude who's like killing it through the influencer stuff. Like, oh, can you also do this? Cause it waters everything down really quickly. Right. Okay. We get people every single year coming to be like, Russell, we want to take click funnel to Spanish and to Spain and to France and to China and to Japan, Ali sings, right? And like this twice that I'm like, I know that we could do that. And we could double the size of click phones, like going to countries and all kinds of stuff. But like for me, I'm kind of the same way. Like we're like, I don't feel like we've even scratched the surface on the English mark yet. And then I could do that, but I guarantee you to take my eye off, off of the game here. And then this is going to drop and struggle. And I know there'll be a time, but I'm not going to shift until I know that there's a team dedicated to that. That's in place, it's ready. And then, and then I will give them that, but I want to make sure that my eye and everybody's eyes not taken off the thing that's paying the bills. It's driving the things in. Yeah. My only fear is that if we get a snap and one of those traffic source disappears, we're relying so heavily on a few, although we've got recurring revenues. So we've got a good few months of runway before we hadn't hit those views, I guess. Yeah. Well, I think again, it's like, do it, but do it cautiously. Don't do it like shifting people's focus. Like fine, like, okay, here's the new person we're bringing in or the higher or the team or whatever to do it. Okay. It doesn't, because the biggest problem we have is entrepreneurs. And I, Sharfinn, probably say the same thing in the team building thing. The biggest problem that we usually have. And I'm like the worst defender you can ask anyone on my team. So I'm like knowing this from personal experience is like, we have our team that jug like 500 balls and we have new idea. Like, here's one more ball. Go. And they're like, what, how am I supposed to do this too? Right. And then like everything starts suffering. And it's like, oh, we'd be very, very careful that instead. Like we can do that the next thing, but it's like, it's a new person's new, like we have to do it to set up the structure of that first and not just like watered down. We're already doing it because then everything suffers. And if that doesn't work, it doesn't hit for whatever reason, then the whole thing starts sinking. You know what I mean? So do it, but do it strategically where you're getting the infrastructure in place, the people in place to do it. That's how I would definitely look at it for sure. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. Thank you. All right. Holy cow. These lines got big. Okay. Over here. 31 minutes. We'll go a little longer. So it kind of blew my mind with this last value ladder, which obviously it was the point. But up to now when I was developing a value ladder was around. So like I started with one online course, right? And it was a, how do I send people to that course? And then the coaching level of that. But what I'm seeing in this is almost a overall strategy for the company kind of value ladder, like how do we walk people up? So I was asking some people during the break or when we were brainstorming, but, you know, you've got all these front end things, the challenge, which gets more people involved, but even that, you know, the secrets level for me, let's say, that's kind of the mid level of my, my market. Right now I offer a course. The idea is to develop a lot more courses. Am I thinking about this right that, because you guys are selling like click funnels is nowhere in here. Right. Like there's literally not the subscription for click funnels is not on this ladder, funnel scripts, all those things are not on here. Do those just fit into different levels of the ladder? Like the people who sign up to the one funnel challenge, they're going to need click funnels. They're going to need all these other adjunct things. Do you bring in mid market kind of things at the right level? Can you structure everything that way? Or are you thinking to yourself that each one of these ladders exists across all the different verticals? Great question. So, um, the way I view my business is, um, is basically it's almost like two companies. We have an info info product coaching company, which is this, we guys look right now, and then there is another value ladder. This is the software company, right? It's becoming a trial from there. We send them to the funnel builder secrets from there. Uh, we have funnel scripts that we have, um, anyway, action edicts and we have an ascension there that's separate. So I'm kind of cheating because I do have two separate things. Um, but they, they, we, they, they bleed together, right? All of these are pursuing funnels. Like everything's pushing. So it's similar, but they are, they are kind of separate things. That makes sense. It does. Do you mind if I ask a quick follow up? Yeah. So in the middle of the ladder, I kind of ended up calling my thing. So right now there's one course, like I said, and I know there will be dozens of courses down the line as we keep increasing what we're doing. Each of those. Yes. They'll have like a, their own little funnel to get people into them. Is it okay? Does it work to kind of think of the middle of that funnel as my mid-level, the things that I would sell at mid-level. So that could be 997 courses, 1495, et cetera. And you have low or like front end and then mid-level kind of excitement products that get people going and then you're selling them onto your higher level coaching, et cetera. Yeah. How much exactly are you saying? So like my mid-level is essentially not your, you have whatever the secrets thing is that you, whatever that is, right? Yeah. It doesn't exist right now, but it will. It's going to be awesome though. Well, it's going to be amazing. Right. It's going to be, I don't know, mine will be pretty awesome too, but. Are you saying you have multiple courses at this level? Is that what you're saying? Like I called it for me. I called it because it's, it's a company's called Ignite. I called it like Ignite University. And at Ignite University, you can sign up for one course. You can sign up for probably we'll have an offering. We include all the core. Like it's, I'm kind of cheating a little bit because it's not just one step. It's not a single product. I'm selling that. Yeah. There's different ways to do it. It's kind of comes up to you. You know, part of me, I'd be looking if it was me, I'd be like, is there, is there a logical progression of those where they all just kind of different front ends? Could you bundle them together and make a super thing? Like there's, there's like, there's the, there's the way they say the, the spirit of the law and the letter of law. Right. Like this is the structure. There's different ways to do it, obviously. And so it's not always like that comes down to kind of your, your personal choice, right? Um, if it was me, I'd be like, how do we group these things together? And like one super course that could be there, that maybe the down cells are breaking things off or things like that. You're like, this is our, this level is our education level. Right. So maybe there's different things we're selling, but this is like, here's, here's a challenge. Here's our education. Here's our coaching. Here's our mastermind. You know, I stuff like that. And so it could be, it could be different tracks that are happening in here. You sell them as a whole, some individually, potentially. All right. So they help. Yeah. Thanks, man. Cool. Thank you. All right. Here. Hey, Russell, my name is Victor. Hey, um, I have a question about the dream 100. So, you know, you're like a super busy guy and you say that in the morning, you could just open up your phone, go, and follow up on your whole dream 100 list. How do you find the time? Cause it's a lot of people. It's a lot of different lives that you kind of have to get personal with. And it's like, it could take a lot of time. You could just like look at your phone, go through like 20, 30 people, lift your head up, look at the clock, and it's like one o'clock in the afternoon. Like, oh, shit, like half my day is gone. So I limit mine to the amount of time it takes me to take a dump. If I'm completely honest, I was due market research. That's how I knew that. Uh, I swear. No, that's the amount of time I put into it. It's not, it's not like a 30, 40 hour long thing. It's me sitting here and it's like, and cause I'm not, everyone's doing stuff every same. I'm like, who's doing stuff today? I'm looking, I'm looking, and I'm not commenting on every single person's thing. I'm just becoming aware of it. And I'm like, okay, cool. I know what's happening and they get back to work. Right. But I'm just, I'm seeing it. I'm being aware of it. And I'm driving. I'm listening to podcasts. Like, who knows, who knows, listen to a couple of them. So it's just like, I'm, I'm, I'm aware of it. I'm watching it from up from a high and that way I can, I'm aware of what's happening. Um, one of the secret projects that Stu McLaren and I are working on right now, which is insane is, um, the software that's going to match with this book. And one of the cool things about it, you'll be able to log in and inside the software, you build out your dream 100 and then it'll build the dashboard of your dream 100. She'll log in. You're like, boom. So I did a podcast, we had a Facebook live and you'll see everybody's seeing like in a news feed. Amazing. It's awesome. It also liked, it'll like, you can subscribe some, some of his list. It'll pull in all their emails as well. So you'll be able to see everything. It's the really quick dashboard. Cause that's how I view it. And right now it's annoying to have to go through four or five apps to do it. So we're building this to be like, it's super simple. You're just like, Oh my gosh, there's all my people and you can be aware of them. And then you can put notes like, Oh, contact someone. So do whatever they kind of like a CR and say really quick notes as you're doing it. So I don't make it easier, but right now it's not, it's not super complex. I'm just trying to be aware of it. Cause I don't need to know everything. Every single thing Tony's doing, I need to be aware of what's happening. So if I see them, when I have an opportunity, when I'm going to approach them, or if I see something awesome that can spur a thought like yesterday, I saw the one that the EA, uh, Prince EA did. I was like, Oh my gosh, took a snapshot, sent it to, to John and my team. I make was doing it out like this is freaking amazing. This is awesome. Boom. Not the next thing. It's just, it's like fast, fast, fast stuff. It's not getting in the weeds where you're commenting and responding to comments and all that kind of stuff. Cause then. Yeah. You could lose your life if you do that too much. That's exactly. Yeah. Does that help? Yeah. Man. Thank you. Very cool. Thanks. All right. Over here. All right. First of all, thank you for the amount of work that you put into simplifying this whole process. Been incredible. I'm so glad I came because I was wanting tactics, but I'm so glad I didn't get lost in tactics before I understood the basis. My question is, are you going to do tactics on any of these like Facebook or, you know, like YouTube or anything like that? And if not, do you have any recommendations or are you going to recommend? Yeah. So I'm pretty sure we put the actual offer out. We will have like a web based version that has more tactical thing. Cause again, I told you before, like I want to make my books that are evergreen cause I don't want to rewrite them every three days. But there is the tactical side of it. And I think the bigger thing, especially for you, cause I know you personally, like this might not be a case for every single person, but like you shouldn't know the tactics. I don't know the tactics. Right. Just like who knows the tech, like who's the, who already knows the tactics you can pay, you can hire, you can bring on your team or you can train or whatever that is, right? Or if you bring some of your team and then there are, I mean, how many people in this room sell a Facebook ads course? All of them are good. How many guys sell a LinkedIn course? Yeah. Don't use, okay. One person good. At least someone's selling it. How many guys sell a Twitter course? An Instagram course. Like there's amazing tactics out there. Tons of courses that are all like fragmented pieces. They're all great. Right. Like John goes to and buys most of them, studies them, finds out what's works, tries things out. It's like those things are happening. Um, and, and honestly, there, there's no offense to anyone, but like it is what it is, right? There's not like, there's not like a thousand different ways to do it. There's like, there's a couple of different ways and different strategies, things like that. But for most part, like it's, it is what it is. And so it's like, I, you can find a course specifically for that and plug it in or hire someone that's already amazing at it. And those are the things I'd be, I'd be looking at, you know. Okay. So you guys are not going to do it specifically though. Um, I don't know. We'll see. Not as of today, but maybe as of when the thing goes live. Good question, man. Thanks. Hi. Um, I wanted to know a little bit about the entering people on just the first two levels, because I like jumped into the funnel hackathon, like, you know, hop on a plane, like, you know, 10 days after I Googled you. Um, so, but like on this, you would have made me go through a, like a lot of stuff. Great question. So, okay. That's actually a great question. So yes, um, how many guys, the first thing you ever bought for me was inner circle. I'll go back here. Alex. Yeah. So we have, I mean, there's, there's gateways into all of these things that are open. Well, I'm not right now, but actually nothing is open right now, but, uh, there, there will be. So, um, I mean, John can, can attest to this. Like we drive people into different levels of value. It's not always the first thing, right? And I totally understand it. I'm the kind of person that like, if someone's selling like a $37 info course, I'm not going to buy it, but if they sell a hundred thousand or mastermind group and I see who's in it, I'm going to sign up for that. Right. So I totally understand. So I don't, I typically don't block all the gateways. I have them open, um, but it's harder to spend money today. Like it's not as often you're spending tons of money because it's just harder to convert typically without warming them up through a process, but the gates are there. We do have active ads running to our warm audiences, um, typically into all different front and funnel. So I wouldn't lock it out personally. Other people do get it wide. After he launches his challenge funnel, it's worked so good. If you notice Garrett's taking everything else of his offline and the only way to buy some information is to go through the challenge, finish the challenge, and then he allows you to buy the other things. So his strategy is just like your inner, your out and that's, that's it. Um, I don't have the guts to do that yet. Like people that come in wherever, and I understand that as a, as a consumer, um, I usually buy books or super high in things, nothing in the middle. And so yeah, we do leave the doors open. So that's just kind of a personal strategy, what you, what you like, but, um, yeah. Thank you. Out. Yep. Question. Over here. Hey, Russell. Um, so I have a question, uh, regarding the dream 100. So I know a lot of us here, uh, mainly are online. Um, and that's great when you have, you know, bigger industry, a lot of people, um, to pull from that dream 100. Um, what about like local businesses? What do you think when you're on that smaller front? I don't know. It's kind of hard for me to draw on that. Like we don't have, you know, a lot of big social media, you know, giants in a, in a smaller town, um, and just so, you know, community network in that community, I guess kind of maybe going offline or if you could just expound a little bit on that and yeah, great. In fact, let me make sure we talk about this in the book because I think it's important. Um, so it's, it's interesting because if you look at like, um, the big things are folks that interest right, like following people who are interested in this or this or this or this is definitely different on a local basis. So what do you know locally? Like they may not be interested in the same thing, but they are the, the, the commonalities geographic area. Right. It's one thing we've done with a couple of different groups. Like we've got, um, uh, one that's like a health spa and, and I've talked to them through this. I was like, okay, uh, it's like a personal training gym. I'm like, Hey, your personal trainer. Like who else has your dream customers? Right. Is like, well, people can only drive this far. So my case, get a map, let's draw like a big circle around here. Mike, who else has your dream customers? And then that map, right? There's a yoga studio. There's a juice bar. And there's all these different things like that. And then, um, and so I was the first to identify like who, who are the people that go to similar type of things, right? Also people like in the same strip mall that they're in was like, like, do you graph that they're coming together? And then we kind of showed them is, um, we came back and I was trying to explain to most local people who don't understand this, but like every local business has one of these, right? So I was talking to my trainer who I'm trying to help him with this thing. And I was like, um, he's like, well, if I'm going to do the inner thing, what would your first step be? And I was like, well, tell me about your dead file list. He's like, what's a dead file? I'm like, it's all the people who came into your office at one time, either we're a client or they weren't a client, but you have like the name, email, the phone number, my, how many of those do you have? He's like, I don't know, probably four or 500 of them. I'm like, okay, that's the first step. That's like, that's your data that you have not done anything with. I was like, get that data first. Let's take that. So he went and went through all his records. He found it on the, I think he had an Excel sheet, probably 350 to 400. When it all said done, I was like, Hey, the first thing we're going to do to fill your gym is like, let's just like, do use your dead list to like fill up the gym. Right. So he's like, okay, so he sent an email out to his thing and literally like it filled his gym to capacity. It was, it was crazy. And then, uh, and then a little while he was kind of tweaking, so what should you now? So like take that and let's do a custom audience in, in Facebook and follow audience is like, cool. And then it worked for a while and he's like, what's the next step? And the next step for him was like, okay, how many other of these of the businesses that have your customers have this as well? And so he's like, okay. So he like knew the juice guys. We called him and the juice guy, he's like, Hey, do you have dead files? Like what's dead files? Everyone's came through your place. Like, yeah, I have him. He's like, can I have him? The guy's like, sure, gives them all his customers and gives it to him. And it's the next person. They didn't even know these things are possible. And so he was just leveraging like all the customer lists of all the people, geography around them and then mailing special offers back and forth and from there blew up his gym. You know what I mean? So it's a lot of those kinds of things are just looking. It's, it's, they may not have a huge Facebook profile, but they have this. Like this is what we're looking for, right? Looking for people that have already congregated your dream customers together. So where are those people at? So it might be in that kind of case, it's usually geographic. Like who's who in our geographies already got those people combined, right? Now let's figure out a target with people, bring them in and leverage their list as well. Great. Thank you. That's right. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. Hey, okay. So my question is about how your soap opera evolves as you send up the latter. So I help nurses go from traditional nursing and travel nursing and, and two, three, four extra income. You get close to my guy. Sorry. Traditional nursing to what kind of nursing? To travel nursing. Okay. So I'm a travel nurse and I help other nurses get in there and they can four extra income. It's awesome. Um, but I totally hacked your challenge and I did my own 30 day challenge. Uh, and I'm calling halfway through that's amazing. Good job. One, one contract away challenge. So one nursing contract, how it can change your life and how it's changed my life. Um, but as I send up the latter, one contract away doesn't really follow my ascension. It's more that nurses are worth more. And that's what my, my whole program nurses are. What nurses worth more. Okay. Um, so I'm just wondering, does your soap opera change and evolve? Like I know you just said, like it's always, you're always one funnel away. You're always one funnel away. Um, but with like the one contract away, as you ascend up my ladder, like the challenge is very applicable, but then there's like a master class where you're just learning about everything else with traveling. And then you're into like a worth more mastermind, which is more about, um, not making money in the traditional sense of clocking in and out, but with that extra money you've made, how you can rise above all of that. So one contract away doesn't. Cool. It doesn't. So this part of here, my message is the same, right? Uh-huh. But down here, the message is specific to the next, the next tier of where I'm taking them. Okay. So this is super hyper specific to like why they need investments. This is super specific at why they should be in this room, right? It's super specific. Why they should be in a circle. So the, the, uh, the fall of funnels are hard selling the next, the next step in, in the value ladder. Gotcha. So it changes the soap opera. Yeah. This definitely changes for that. And then your new traffic that you're getting in, um, and bringing into these existing like groups, like a Facebook group, for example, um, how do you, how do you go about doing that? Cause I feel like everyone's at a different stage and I, I feel like it's got to be like, do this, this, you know, and it's like everyone's in this one group and everyone's at a different stage. And I don't know what to say. That's why that's why we did the challenge. The goal of our challenge is there's like, cause there's a hundred percent agree that cause I was saying people come in our world, all sorts of different places. Some have experienced them, have no experience. Like, and I was like, man, there's like four fundamental things everyone has to understand to be successful in my world. Right. It's like, you have to understand, like hook story offer. You have to understand like a basic fight, the core fundamentals. So if you look at our challenge with the content structures, all giving them the core fundamentals, I feel like are essential for anyone to have success in our world. So that's what the whole challenge is just like getting them all in the same page so we can have a conversation that where we're all on the same page when they, when they exit the backside of the challenge. So how this challenge separate from my main Facebook community. Yeah. And like for us, everyone's on their Facebook group. You'll see as we reopen the challenge, it becomes an evergreen thing. Like that's the goal of the Facebook groups. The goal is to give people the challenge, like, and everyone should be in the challenge talking about it, getting people to send, like, take the challenge, take the challenge and get everybody into that process. Because it's just like, that's how we, again, we, we, we craft them and turn them into our dream customers. Now we get them all speaking the same language. They are on the same page. Like the other foundations they need to, we can all start building together off it. And that's the biggest thing I remember when my wife and I first time went to Tony Robbins, we go to Tony Robbins and we like learned the same language and we came home and we're like, I can communicate with her now because we have the same language of talking about the same things. And like we could grow as a couple of way faster. I feel like it's the same thing in businesses. It's like, if they're not speaking the same lingo as you, like, I can be saying stuff like, what is Russell talking about? I have no idea. If we can wash them through this challenge where now we've got them all in the same, the same page, then we launch off of that. Now it's like, boom, we're all the same. We all speak the same language and we may still be different levels, but now we can all communicate at the same time and same, same speed. Okay. Thank you. I got a quick question just to follow up with that. So for the soap opera sequences, how do you, is there a special way to bridge? I know they're very specific based on what you're selling is the way to bridge from one soap opera to the other. Yeah, it's just kind of how it ends. So if I was going to do this, right? So I want funnel way challenge. Uh, my soap opera. So when the unlock secret, I'd be talking about this, like, unlock secret, just widen to be part of it. And I'd be talking about the logical explanation why this is amazing or excuse me, the emotional and then the logical and then the urgency seriously going to close. And if I wanted to move into the next, the next phase, then it's like, okay, what's, what's the emotional reason why they should be in this room? Right? Why should they join to call them Quebec's like, what's the next emotional reason, then the logical. So just, just telling the stories and choreographing the storylines. Just like, again, I mean, picture, picture this, you picture your dream customer. You just met him, right? First time, first time I meet someone, I'm like, what's your name? Joe, Joe, you're awesome. I'm excited. You should join me in a circle and they're like, what are you talking about? I'm like, Oh, um, well, actually first you should read this book. Can you read this book? They read the book. What do you think? About Kaden, let me tell you so much. You just go and follow like, oh, cool. And you're just like, you're taking this person on a journey. So just think about that way. Think of like, you're taking this person on a journey. Like how would, what would you tell him first and then second and just again, in your mind, try to pretend like there's an actual avatar. I've always spent so much time day one on the avatar, like pretend like you're with that person and what would I actually say to him? What would I actually, like how would I, how would I bridge them from thing to thing? And just if you're acting like you're putting your mind that you're actually talking to, to somebody you care about and you're taking them, it becomes really easy to like, Oh, they wouldn't. One way for me to bridge the gap from here to here is explain this and say, Oh, that's the answer. You know, help. Thank you. Thanks. Over here. Hi. Well, first of all, thank you. It's amazing experience to be in this group. And you guys are awesome and everybody here is awesome. So thank you for bringing them here. My question is, well, another thank you for giving us the permission to do a rain maker project because we just had one, you've probably heard about the summit. And now we're thinking about a follow up project for that. That would be a continuity program. So my question is, like, does it sound too much for you to be stuck with the same people for a long period of time? Like, would it be bad for us? Or? It depends how you like them. Are you friends? So I would say, and I'm grateful for this advice. Someone gave me when we first started ClickFunnels and I hated the device because it was given to me by a lawyer and I hate lawyers mostly. I love some lawyers that even hear a lawyer. Oh, I love, I love him. But the rest of them are the worst. No, but we start ClickFunnels and we're all, you know, bright-eyed and bushy tailing, we're take over the world. We're all on the same page and we're excited. And our lawyer's like, you need to, um, like, figure out how this ends or else it's going to end really, really bad. And we don't want to figure out how it ends. Like, this is, like, this is an amazing experience. And luckily, so gratefully, forced us to sit in a room and figure it out and get everyone on the same page, agreed to a sign of contracts. And we had that. And then sure enough, two and a half years later, one of the partners decided to fall away and it was like this painful thing, but also like, oh, this is how we take care of it. And it was like, oh, we all agree to this. And it was easy because we agreed to it ahead of time. And then there wasn't any hurt feelings when all I left is friends. I guess the biggest thing is because business is like a marriage, right? It's like, ah, like it's a scary, scary thing. And so I would look at it, I don't know, partnering on like this is really scary for me because for any of you guys, like looking like I'm going to partner with on my whole thing. That's scary partnering on like this right here. Awesome. Right. So do something like this and that way it's just like, it's a thing. It's there. It could disappear. It might be awesome. I'd be lame. Like let's just do this thing. And then these are the rules. If it, if it works, this is how it works. If it doesn't work, if someone wants to bail, this is how it works. And these figure those things out ahead of time. It doesn't have to be legal contract with lawyers and all that crap, but make sure there's like a written email that everyone says, yes, I'm in on this. And then you've got the ground rules. And then it's, then it's not, I wouldn't stress too much. Most of the deals I've done outside of ClickFunnels was just like, this is the plan, this plan, you're good at that. Like, cool, I'm going to send you an email with the bullet point that way. Someday in the future, we can look at the email, but we both agree with this, right? Yes. I send an email, they respond, yes, and we're good to go. That's how I do most of my, almost all my deals prior to actual ClickFunnels. Like Jim Edwards and I are funny, our lawyers like, what's your guys contract? I'm like, you have a contract? Like it's Jim Edwards. He's so happy. He's got a unicorn head off the time. Like we just said, let's do this thing. And we did. And then we send him half the money. And it's amazing. And then our lawyers, like you probably should make a deal someday. But it was like, I mean, we're probably five or six million dollars into that deal before we had a contract figured out. We just knew like his and trading charges part of them charge this part and we'll just run with it while it works. And if it stops working, we'll just leave his friends and it was good. Right. So as long as we know how the exit is going to look. Yeah. Right. You heard that, right? Thank you. Is that a coaching call I just did for all of your just kidding. All your partners. Awesome. Over here. Great. I have a question and then some feedback if you're interested. First, the question is on the value ladder side of things. So I guess we come from a world where, you know, it's all about back end monetization. And then it's about affiliate offers and, you know, more things to sell to your list. So I'm really curious when you said I'm going to crunch it all down, only have your one offer or everything on the back end. Can you maybe talk about that a little more? Did I misunderstand it? You know, in terms of how your value ladder came about. So your question was, why do I only have those, those tiers, my value ladder? Yeah, it's why it seems like it's like a one, it's like a one track value ladder. And that's the route you're going. That's great. And then you said you're not doing anything else. And that's fine. I'm just really trying to understand, you know, the thought process behind that. Yeah. I don't want to get my customers schizophrenia. All right. If I offered you guys, yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah, that's fine. I did a lot of affiliate offers in the past and it's the fastest way to grade the quality of your customer list. I guess you know, because now you're using this person, this person, this person, this person, this person is awesome. It's just like the attention gets, gets spread. I want to, I want to keep everyone's attention because I can serve you way higher level that way. And, and we're all sitting down and making more money that way too. I didn't believe it because I, I mean, in 10 years of my life, it was the affiliate offer. That's how we did all of our stuff, right? Yeah. We crossed the line and that was how we made money. And so I thought that's how it had to be. Um, and we stopped and that was scary because I'm like, how am I going to make money? But it's like, oh my gosh, I can cultivate such a deeper relationship when I'm like, oh, buy this guy's thing and this guy's in this guy's awesome. That the person's buying four or five things. And I see him on stage and someone else's event getting this and also I'm like, I lost him. But here I can, I can, I can keep attention, keep people excited, keep ascending, keep serving and just it crafts a better customer long-term. And, um, and so it's, it may seem short-sighted in the short term and the long-term customer value goes way up. Cool. Thanks. Yeah. Hi, Russell. Hey, how's it going? Good. You're amazing. Well, thank you. Um, my question is about having your own show. So I have a lot of followers on Instagram. Well, not close to you, but I have followers and then I, um, do a lot of business on Facebook. So I'm just kind of wondering, can I turn my IGTV on and do a Facebook video at the same time, but it's the same content. Um, okay. I'm going to say with the caveat, um, I do, I, for those two platforms, I say yes. Because Facebook and Instagram are so similar. You know what I mean? How people consume, but every platform's got the intricacies. I think what a lot of people with the mistake they make is they record one thing and they, they put on like every platform at once and that's where it doesn't really work. It's usually like, how do you customize things for each platform? Um, IGTV and Facebook lives are very, very similar. And so I don't say a problem with that. Um, and you look at a lot of the big people that have like 12 phones and I get it all set up and they like, I went to Tai Lopez's house and it was insane. We did the interview and they literally had like dozens and dozens of phones and they're clicking on all of them and they got all the team of people are looking at all the, it was like, I thought they had like a secret system, but it was literally a bunch of phones glued together to a pole. Yeah. I'm like, at this point hasn't someone invented something that holds more than one phone currently not. Thank you. Yeah. Thank you. Okay. Hi Russell, uh, Mike here. I'm in the, uh, dating slash coaching industry. And my question is how do I keep track of who bought what? Because, you know, I have digital products, Skype coaching, live coaching. They live with me. Sometimes they put it in the deposit. I got like a PayPal. I've even had guys pay the deposit with like bitcoins. So just figuring out like how to keep track that way I can automate, you know, the email chain. Whoa. Um, force your customers to pay the same way. Okay. Um, it sucks because I understand it, but like we stopped, let people buy through PayPal and other options and cause of the same thing as like, how do you track all these things? And it's just like, um, I think you lose conversion on some levels, but then you also increase sanity on other, on other levels. Um, or I saw a manually, something pays you through Bitcoin manually log into your C, to your CRM and click funnels, like put in a transaction to track it. Um, there's not like, at least I don't know a super simple way to do that. Other than, um, you know, forcing people to, to conform, um, which, which works. And then when they use the same platform, how do they, uh, how do you keep track or what, what do you use to, it's a really newbie question. I haven't really, I use this thing called click funnels. All right. That's all we use. Yeah. Like I, yeah. It was funny. I, I tease about that, but it was funny because we had this conversation with some of the day like, yeah, but what do you send? Use it in an email. I'm like, click funnels. Like, well, what about your split testing software? I'm like, I literally use click funnels for it. It was just like 30 things in a row. And I think I should get an account. I'm like, I don't know. I have no idea. Probably not. I don't think. Oh yeah. Hi, my name is Imi. And, um, first of all, thank you all of you guys. This is just awesome. And I love this group. So I'm really, really appreciate it. Um, my question was on the soap opera sequences and I love how you said the soap opera sequence is the point is to send them to a next level. Which totally makes so much sense to me. Um, but a do you send sign felts, uh, emails and soap opera sequences at the same time, or if they're in a soap opera sequence, do you stop the sign felt? And then, um, can you send them into a soap opera sequence right away? You know, to a send them right away. Or would you send them sign felt ones first? Good question. I mean, the answer, you can do any of those things and there's different philosophies and I'm not sure what the best one is. Um, I have some friends who are very big, but like if, if somebody moves from, from a broadcast list and they hit something like this, and you can do this really easy and action next, like when they join this list, don't let them get these big, pull them off of this list. And the end of it, it's like, came to add them back to this list. I have some friends are very specific. They don't, they want to make sure that no one gets more than one email every time. And so they pull them off and on the list based on that. So that's definitely one, one way you can do it. I have other friends who are, who don't care as much. There's like, they, I mean, I have nine emails a day, buddy. So he just like, he'd probably say not more if he had more time in the day. Um, so kind of is a personal preference. Um, you know, I honestly, I've been, I've struggled for the last couple of years trying to figure out how to weave all these things together. This is like the evolution of like 15 years trying to figure out that question. Like, ah, like they're getting two messages and how do we do it? How do we not in all this kind of things? And we're putting this whole thing together right now inside of what we're doing. But this is the first time where I legitimately feel like we could actually pull them off and on, off and on. Cause before it was so weird, but here's like, if they're in this thing, like this is all they're getting, right? And then they could jump back up. Um, uh, and kind of move through right that. So kind of as a personal preference for you. Um, but I said the structure of this way is the first time in my personal business, I've been able to see how could I actually pull them off and on. And it was through, it was, it was, um, structuring it this way. Okay. Awesome. Thank you. Thank you. Hi, Russell. Um, quick question. If you were starting again, how much of that value of ladder would you have at the beginning? Like how many levels and what would they be? Great question. All right. Ah, thank you for asking that question. I'm actually super grateful. Okay. The biggest fear I haven't ever talked about value ladders, everyone's like, Oh my gosh, I can't do anything. And they stop and they tried to build all these things and 80 years later. Um, nothing's happened. So if it was me, if I was starting over from scratch right now today, the first thing I would do is this, I would do a webinar, something, a thousand or thing. I would just focus on that until I made a million dollars. And then from there, I had built up pressure and momentum and all these things were happening for the thousand or buyers. And then I would release my higher ticket thing to those, just those buyers. Cause they're at that point a year in or whatever it takes. They're going to be freaking out. And I really sat and then boom, they go crazy. And then after that, then I started coming and releasing front and things on top of it. So that's definitely what I would do it for sure. If I start over. Awesome. Thank you. Yeah. Thank you. All right. That was fun guys. Thank you very much for that.