All right everybody, welcome back. Hey, really quick. Are you guys okay if I call an audible right now? So I am so far behind where I was supposed to be and I had all these stories and they went longer. I got excited and you guys are so much fun. So what the plan is, is I'm going to go from four to six right now. We take a dinner break from six to eight and then you don't have to come back if you want, from eight till nine, I'm going to do a really cool special session. I'm excited for. Max is going to have our resident friendly giant. Is he in the room? Where's Nick at? He's not in the room right now. Never mind, we're canceling the session. Just kidding. We're going to have Nick actually come on stage after dinner and I'm going to do this. I have this idea. It may be horrible. It may be amazing. I have no idea. You've got to show up to find out. Kind of like the spot coaching with him on all of them. Talk about them in the next two hours. Now there he is. Finally, he showed. Just kidding. It's going to be fun. We're actually going to tell his story and behind the scenes of his story and then I've been watching really closely and I'll tell you why I've had such a vested interest in this journey over the last year or so. But I'm going to basically, after we talk about the story, I'm going to take him where he's at right now and coach him on the stuff that I'm seeing, the positives and negatives. And I want you guys to hear for that because a lot of us can relate back to what you guys are doing as well. We're going to be in proxy for you. We'll be getting coached by me and I think you'll get some really cool things from it. So we did that from eight till nine o'clock tonight. It's kind of the game plan and that's the plan. So right now they're trying to make sure the hotel is not going to kick us out and people can hang out. So that's the game plan. If you guys come back, you don't feel obligated unless you want to have your mind blown. So you know, whatever. There's nothing else to do here in this town anyway. So might as well hang out here. I'm just kidding. I love it here. All right. So the dinner break, the goal is to go from six till eight as long as they had done the next two hours, which this session has got a lot of stuff. I have no idea that's actually possible. Anyway. My baby's crying. I love that. I love that sound. All right. All right. So moving into session number three. I'm supposed to be on session five right now, I think. That's how far behind we are. Session number three, I'm going to start talking about distribution. We talked about it a little bit with understanding your lists and things like that. But I want to start going even deeper into this concept because everything we're doing is going to start building on everything we've covered earlier today. So every step gets a little step deeper and deeper into the pool. And tomorrow by the end of the day, we're going to get like super deep here. Who wants to get in the deep end of the pool? So like dream 100 is like internet marketing 101. We're going to get to like the second phase of dream 100, which we internally call the syndicate, which is like three or four or one. And we're talking about tomorrow night. It's going to be so much fun. I've never talked about stuff before because there's never been an audience like I share it with. I'd be talking about it. Everyone's like, what are you talking about? But now we can all hang out on the same level. So tomorrow night is going to keep getting deeper and everything's stacking and layering upon itself. So I hope you guys understand that. All right. So the first thing you want to understand and distribute. I'm going to show you a really quick video clip. I want to show you guys first. It'll kind of set up what I want to talk about. I showed that she has a funnel hacking live as well. But and some of you guys know I'm not the biggest Gary Vee fan anymore because he's kind of a jerk. I don't know. I didn't say that. I did. He's a smart guy. Operation Barry Gary is in full effect. There will be a time in the near future for every Gary Vee video you see. You will see 1200 of Russell's. It's going to be amazing. Now just anyway. All right. We should start the session over. Anyway, no, I actually do respect Gary of the things he said. This is probably one of the best and it's powerful and it'll set up everything we're talking about right now. So I'm sure you guys just clip really quick and then we'll come and dive back into it. So here we go. I think this is the television in 1965. I actually like I know a lot of you are like whatever just really pay attention is because this might be one of the better things I say. This is the television in 1965 and the TVs they're the radio. So people and if you go and stuff. So what I do well for somebody who's a student the one thing I do study is history because history loves to repeat itself. And so if you go look at the brands the beer brands that were romantic about staying on the radio because that's how they did it and didn't shift to television while things like Miller light that nobody's ever heard of went TV only and became the brands. If you look at TV 1965 that's what I think this is. And I think YouTube Instagram and Facebook are ABC, NBC and CBS. So do I think and then I think I within it is mash and happy days. Got it. So that's the system. So do I think over time ESPN comes around and HBO comes. I do. There will be more channels built on this platform and there'll be more competition. That's what's happening. And so what you need to do is for your business figure out the channels where you could be the star of that network. All right. Let's give Gary V huge round of applause. Okay. So I'm kind of diagram is out for you guys. So because if you understand the distribution channels this game becomes really fun. So if you look at this what Gary said is that the TV there's your TV three channels is the cell phone of today. And then if you look at this one level deeper here's the TV again over on the channels. These are ABC, CBS and NBC. There's your things. This is the equivalent to the apps over here. Right. Now, before I show the next level I want to tell you guys a really fascinating story. So I met Tony Robbins initially over 10 years ago and I met him. It was probably 2009. Anyway, it was time when like everything was shifting and changing, right. And his business started struggling because he had focused solely on like TV at the time. And I remember my very first meeting with him. We were sitting there and he said it was interesting. He said if you look at my business. And I came out and I became Tony Robbins. He's like, there were three channels on TV. It was ABC, CBS and NBC. And he's like, if you flip on any channel at night, my infomercial was on all of them. It wasn't hard. There were three channels. All I had to do is all I had to do is all I had to cover. Right. How many of you guys remember watching Tony Robbins infomercials back then? Right. He was everywhere. And he was like, that's why he's still at this day is the most recognizable faces of all time because he was everywhere. Like you couldn't go anywhere without seeing Tony's face. Right. And so that was what was happening. Now what happened is for him, it went from three channels. All of a sudden like this pesky thing Fox came out and then other ones came out. And then all of a sudden cable came out and media got splintered across like 10,000 cable channels. Right. And so Tony told me, he's like, I was trying to go on and buy ads on this channel and this channel. Like for whatever reason, this one didn't convert. And this one, like before they all kind of worked because they're like everyone was grouped together and the numbers made sense. But now it didn't work on this channel and this channel and this channel and this one got too expensive and all these things. And like all of a sudden everything started shifting. And so when I came in and met Tony, like that's the face he was in. He's like, we're struggling. Like everything's happening. And so how are we able to be profitable? And that's when he started learning about us internet nerds and the internet stuff. And if you look at the last 10 years, Tony went from that face. Now they're just crushing and killing it. Right. But it was because of this that he had to make the shift because that was all that was happening. And so what Gary said, it's fascinating. If you look at that right now is that for all of us, right, it's understanding that that's the TV. This is our phone. This is the chance. These apps are channels and you go down here inside the app, you click on it and then there's your show. Here's your platform to be on the stage. There's someone on stage. So that's kind of, this is the thing that's happened. And like he said, in fact, you're seeing now, but for most of you guys on your phones, right? In fact, I have, you know, on iPhones, you can like group things together. I literally have a tab. It's called conversation domination. And in there, all of the apps that I'm trying to dominate. So my Facebook app, my Instagram, my Twitter, my LinkedIn, like all the different apps that I actually have in my dream audience on there. I have them all in one group. So when I wake up in the morning, I'm like, okay, I need to go follow my dream 100, see whether they're in every channel. I click on the conversation domination, the pop's open. I have my nine little apps there. And those are my channels, right? I go and I click on each one, I scroll through, see the dream 100 doing, go through it. And that's what I'm looking at every single day, right? Is what's happening, all the channels and I go see what the shows are happening each of the channels, right? So I'm looking at the number of 100 shows in each channel that's happening. Okay? So that's the first thing to kind of understand here. Let's see. All right. Now, what I want to pitch you guys all on right now, and some of you guys are going to fight me on this because you're like, Arusso, I want to drive traffic. I don't want to like have my own show. I want to pitch you on that one of the most important things you guys can all do in your business right now is to actually focus on starting your own show. And some of you are thinking, well, Arusso, if I start my own Facebook show or my own Instagram show or my own podcast, whatever, I don't own that traffic, right? I'm on somebody else's network. The answer is yes, that's true. Okay? But regardless, it's still a really, really smart thing to do. So there's my little doodle. He pulled the slides back up real quick. This is the doodled out version where I just doodle for you guys. Isn't that's I doodle stuff and I scribble it out and then my team makes it look amazing. Like, oh yeah, that is what I wrote. It looks so good. Someone asked me like, how I got so good at doodling images from my books. I'm like, you honestly think I know how to do that? I found the who, who knew the how, and then they did it for me, right? All right. So next phase. So your first distribution channel is going to be your own show. Okay? And at Funnel Hacking Live, I talked about this a little bit and I did a presentation called Conversation Domination, right? And what's interesting is that that presentation of all the ones I gave was probably the least well received. I think part of it was like, you guys should be on every channel all being all present anywhere you go. People look at you and everyone's kind of stressed out like, oh, Russell, I don't want to be you. I don't want to be on every single channel, right? And the more I thought about it, the more I think that I was actually wrong in that. I think there's a time when you should get to that and actually tomorrow night, if we get to the advanced stuff, I'll go into that. There's a time in a face where you should be omnipresent on every single channel, but initially shouldn't be. If you try to launch your own podcast, your own Facebook show, your own YouTube channel, and all these things at once, I promise you you'll fail. Even with me and my entire team of people, we're still not actively destroying every single channel. We're successful in two or three of them and we're adding more on, but it's not something that you should just dive into overnight. It should come down like focus on the channel you like the most. So the question is for you guys, like what channels I focus on the most? And I would argue the one you should do the most is the one that you're most comfortable with, the one that you spend the most time in, right? I remember for me when I first got Instagram, I remember logging in, I was so confused by Instagram. How many of you guys were confused the first time? I used to Facebook and it was similar, but it was different. Like the picture, the headline was under the picture, instead of above it, I was like, why? Like that's, I was so confused on how to connect. I couldn't figure it out and I didn't like it for a long time. But I kept using Instagram, kept using it and eventually I became more and more comfortable with it. Now like by far it's my favorite channel to publish on, by far. That's why Instagram, everything's like, I'm just so used to it. I love it. I feel comfortable with it. And for me, that's like, that's my favorite one, right? For some of you guys, it's gonna be different. Some of you guys may hate Instagram. Like you never, like have you guys like don't have the app and if you do have it, you've never actually logged into it before ever. Okay? So that's an Instagram show. If that's you. How many of you guys is Facebook, like I love Facebook, I'm scrolling, I'm doing stuff, like I can do Facebook lives, like that's the platform you play in and you'd enjoy it the most. Okay? How many of you guys more is like podcasting? Like I love listening to podcasting. You just know like, man, if I'm ever doing anything, it's gonna be podcasts. Right? I want you to think it through, like do a platform that you love, but there's a huge argument for having your own show. And I will continue over this presentation to give you more and more reasons to believe it and things like that. But one of the biggest things comes back to the Arsenio Hall thing we talked about, right? If I want to work with my dream 100, I want to do a deal with any of the dream 100. And I come to them and I'm like, Hey, stream 100 person who's amazing. I watch you. I follow you. Is there any way you can promote my thing? It's hard. They're gonna say, no, it doesn't, it doesn't open up any doors. But if you come to your dream 100 and you're like, how do I serve this person? What most people on your dream 100 are looking for is a platform. Right? People didn't call Arsenio Hall back because he didn't have a platform. Right? People take my calls now because I have a platform. I could call Tony and be like, Hey, you're launching your new book, man. Do you want to buy the show? He'd be like, Yes, because I know Russell's got a platform. Okay. Regardless of if you had a relationship or not, the platform is what makes people return your calls. Okay. So if you don't have your own show, it gets really, really difficult to do those kind of things. You don't have to do it. You can go and just buy ads all the time. But if you want to earn your way and if you want to open up relationships, if you want to do those other things, having your show is the most important thing you can do. Okay. When we launched ClickFones, one of the rules we made is that as ClickFones, we weren't going to promote any outside companies or other products and things like that. Right? And so we couldn't do it. So when Dave initially was going in, his job was to go find Dream 100s and give them to promote our stuff, everyone's like, well, I can't, can you do something for me? And he's like, I can't do anything for you. Like we can't promote your stuff. Russell's podcast is just him. Like we could, we didn't have anything we could leverage to like help. Right? And so Dave had this great idea. It was like, what if I launched my own podcast called Funnel Hacker TV? And what's cool or Funnel Hacker Radio is like, I'll interview people and that way when I meet someone like, Hey, can I have you on the show? And they're like, Oh, cool. And then the person's on the show, Dave has a chance to interview them for 30 minutes or so, build a relationship, build a rapport, get to know that person. And all of a sudden like they have a relationship and now amazing things happen because of it. Okay. The best way to build these relationships with your Dream 100 is to give them a platform. Start your own show because you can get people a platform. Do you understand that? Okay. To work your way in there, there's nothing more powerful than that. Okay. Um, it's crazy. Like you can get, you'd be shocked at the people you can contact and get ahold of who will return your call just by saying you have a show. Now what's crazy about a lot of shows, like if you're on Facebook and you have like three followers, people like, if I do Facebook live, you only have three followers. Some platforms like podcasts are hidden, right? How many, how, how many people know how many podcast listeners I have in every episode? Only John does. Cause he looks at the stats. How many of you know how many people listen to Dave's podcast? Only he knows apparently. Not very many people, right? Okay. So it's powerful. Like a record radio launch. We had no one listening to it, but he still did deals and got people on, right? Cause he have a show. And so what's cool about it is you don't have to have like a big, huge thing. All you have to do is like, have a show and invite people on and it'll open up conversations, dialogues, see people on your show. And some people may say no, but it's one of the easiest ways to infiltrate the dream 100 and you get to know them. And after you get one person on your show, it's so easy to think, Oh, someone says on my show, do you want to do my show too? Like, Oh, sure. And you start building your way into these networks and start getting to know people because you're providing value to them. You're giving them a platform to share their stories. Okay. And it's so powerful. There's so many amazing benefits. Okay. But I do think that everybody should have a show is part of your traffic strategy because just it opens up all the doors. Okay. All right. So what I want to do right now for the next little bit is I want to go a little expert secrets on you guys if you're okay with that. Cause I know what happens for some of you guys. As I say that you have to have your own show. You have to start publishing. You're kind of freaking out right now. Right. How many guys in your gutter just like, I'm going to go walk out during the session. I don't really want to do that. Okay. Yes. One person that's honest. Okay. Um, so the first time I talked about this was at funnel hacking live number two and I was on stage and when I told everybody, I said, look, if you want to be successful in this business, you have to start publishing. And there was this guy in the audience and on the way over to the audience, he's like, I will do anything that Russell Brunson says, I will follow him to the end of the moon. But the one thing I will not do no matter what he says at any cost is I refuse to publish anything ever. I do not want to do that. It sounds like pain. I don't want to do it. Guess who that human being was. Mr. Steven Larson. And then he gets off and he's like, Russell just talked. I was like, I don't want to. I hate Russell. He's so angry, but he's probably right. Dang it. Katelyn said hashtag do it. Russell says like 40 times and she's rich now. Like I should probably do it, but I don't want to. And he fought me and finally he's like, fine, I'll do it. And he launches this podcast and he does it for how long? A year, two, I don't even know how long, two years now doing this podcast. Okay. Last January, he decides to leave click funnels and spread his wings and go off on his own because that's what entrepreneurs do. Right. And was he scared? No, because he had this following. He had an audience. He had people who were listening to him. He had people who were ready to give him money the second he was ready for it. Okay. So I want you guys to think about that. Like it's time to start publishing because when you do that, it builds this audience, it builds people, it builds the following. Okay. It's going to serve you not just today, but it's going to serve you long term. Okay. It's going to open up doors. It's going to open up connections. It's going to get you the ability to connect with the people on your dream 100 you need to get to know. Okay. There's no better way to do it than to do, have your own show. Okay. It's amazing. All right. Now, the next part of the process with your own show is it's going to help you guys to become the actual attractive character. I'm pretty sure that the only concept I've talked about in all three books is this. Do you think it's important? Russell, I don't want to be an attractive character. Okay. Oh, you must hate money. Cool. If you hate money, there's an infusion soft event happening on the road. You guys can go over there. I'm just kidding. I'm so sorry. I know we got something. Anyway, I'm just teasing. I didn't say that. All right. So this is hugely, hugely important. Okay. For so many reasons. So I'm going to start doodling this to kind of walk you through this process that'll help you guys. Okay. So the first thing I want you to understand is right now, this is you guys. Okay. Pre publishing. Right. And over here is where you want to go. This is a little flag right here. Say result. Okay. And so the goal, my guess is your journey is one of two things. Either you were on this path and you were trying to figure out how to get a result. Right. Or number two, you've already gotten this result and you want to help other people get that result as well. Right. Okay. All of us in some phase of that, typically in our lives, most of us will go through a phase and I call it the growth phase. Right. You learn about something else and you're like, oh my gosh, this is the most amazing thing in the world. And you start geeking out and you start learning. You start going through this, this time of growth. Right. And typically during this time of growth, you're learning and you're educating or you're becoming a different person. All of this happens and then you achieve that result. And what happens when you achieve the result? You realize that the joy is in this whole journey. Right. And you're like, crap, I got the thing I want. I don't feel fulfilled. I had a way more fun like going through the journey. Now what do I do with my life? Right. I mean, I've never experienced that before. Right. You know, the joy is in the journey. You achieve the result and you're like, dang, that was it. Crap. Now what do I do with my life? And all of a sudden you realize I've grown to a certain level, but if I want to continue to grow my life, it's not about me growing more. It's about me contributing to others and helping them go on this path. So typically for all the guys in this room, either you're on this path right now. If you try to get the results, right, you're trying to lose weight. You're trying to make money. You're trying to learn the stock market. You're trying to do whatever the thing is, or you've already achieved the result. Now you're coming back down here and saying, I want to take other people on this path as well. Okay. I want to grow up the second time and be on his contribution. Okay. So we're going on this journey. Okay. Now, I wish if I could go back in time to 15 years ago, I wish that somebody would have grabbed me and said, Russell, you've got to document this journey. Everything's been happening. I didn't. But what's cool is we did the ClickFunnel startup story event last weekend in Provo. And for Andrew Warner, before he interviewed me, I was like, I want to go like, I know he does a lot of research, but I was like, I think it'd be really fun to like give him all the data. So I went back to a website. It's called archive.org. It's the Wayback Machine. They never use this thing. You type in a website and it goes back in time and shows you snapshots of the website from the beginning of time till now. And so I went through my domains, every domain I've ever owned, I went, plugged them into the Wayback Machine and I found all of the funnels I built from the beginning of time till now in like chronological order. Like here's the first one, the second one. I ended up over 150 funnels I launched. You guys before ClickFunnels. That crazy? In fact, next Tuesday, I'm doing a presentation. I'm actually going to go through one by one and like in chronological order and tell you what I was thinking. Like why? Anyway, it's going to be really fun, right? But so I have this cool thing now, documenting the journey, but man, I wish I would have been documenting the journey this whole time. Can you imagine that? How many of you guys like to see Russell when I was 21 years old sitting there the very first time in an event, seeing somebody run to the back of the room and they have me document my thoughts of like, I went to this internet market and I thought I was going to learn internet nerdy stuff and this guy got on stage and he sold in $68,000 or the people ran the backroom and bought. And this guy got up and I'm telling this whole thing, right? And then how many of you guys would have loved to hear the story the very first time I got on stage in front of a room like this? I sold like crazy and nobody bought. And I was so embarrassed I ran up to my whole totem and I hid for three days so I didn't want any of the attendees or the other speakers to see me. I literally sat there eating Hagen Dots, ice cream and coconut shrimp for three days while I watched X-Men movies. How many of you guys want to hear that story and see the pain I was going through? I didn't document any of that. So I can tell the stories now, but man, how powerful it would have been for my audience to come on that journey with me. Okay. What's scary for us is like as we're going through it, there's a lot of pain. You're like, I don't want to tell people about my failures. Man, looking back now, I promise you, you people will follow you. It's interesting Natalie Hodson told me this and she may have even mentioned it from like you live, but she said, Russell, the reason why people don't care that you're making crap tons of money right now is because they know how much you struggle to get there. Because they saw the downs, they celebrate successes with you. They just see the successes. They despise you. They hate you. They're angry because of it, right? Because you guys know that I script so many times. I don't do so much pain. You're okay with it, right? So it's powerful. Yes. Okay. I'm saying that. I want you guys to think about that, like be okay, sharing those things that are scary. Okay. Do you think Natalie Hodson was super excited to post the pictures for peeing your pants? No. Do you think she was excited four months later when she became a millionaire? Yes. Right. Cause she shared those things. So, so that's the first thing. So a couple of things. The first thing that, and this is another Gary Vaynerchuk, Gary's giving us two things, darn him. All right. The first thing that Gary said is it's not about creating content. It's about documenting the journey. Okay. So you're documenting the journey of you going on this path the first time or the journey of you taking people on this path. That is the thing that's fascinating. That's what gets people to follow you. That gets people to listen in, gets people to connect with you as the documentation of the journey. Okay. That's the first reason why we're doing this. Now, how do we document the journey? Okay. It's all going to depend because it's going to be different for every one of you guys. Everyone of you guys have this different modality of what you like to do. How many of you guys in here like writing stuff? Like you feel comfortable, like you can sit down and write a blog post for like an hour and like feel good about. How many of my writers in the room? All right. Yeah. So for all of my writers in the room, you are going to be launching a blog. As of today, I would recommend going to medium.com to launch your blog. Go on that platform and use it. It might be different in the future, but right now, medium is the best platform to launch your blog. Much better than starting your own WordPress blog somewhere else. Medium already has an audience, already has things. If you write good stuff, it'll get picked up, it'll get followed. You will get insane amounts of traffic. I have a friend right now that every time you post an article to medium.com gets 5,000 opt-ins. Opt-ins. Every time you write a post. Okay. I guess worth it. And if you start documenting this journey every single day for an entire year, you document the journey on a blog like that. I promise you by the time you're done, all your financial fears will be gone. I told Stephen, Stephen mentioned this today. I mentioned, how many of you guys are going through the one funnel way challenge right now? Yeah. I said something I didn't remember and Stephen messaged me. He's like, dude, you just said the most amazing thing. I'm like, cool. What did I say? He's like, you said you've promised every single person in the challenge that they documented every single day for an entire year. By the time the year was over, all their financial problems would be gone. I was like, I believe that 100%. Okay. How many of you guys know ConvertKit? ConvertKit, it's a, they're an email auto responder. They, the founder of this, and boy, he's named Nathan. Nathan Berry, he actually is an amazing designer. I tried to hire him as a designer and anyway, long story, I wasn't able to do it. He launched ConvertKit. He's grown this thing up. It was interesting is that when Nathan first started learning about stuff, he said, I'm going to do a challenge. I'm going to challenge myself. It's scary. I'm going to blog every single day for an entire year. Right. That's, that's like, that's a big commitment. He's like, I'm just going to do it for an entire year. And he started this thing. It's our document journey for an entire year. Every single day, woke up in the morning, did a blog post. Woke up in the morning, did a blog post. And after a year, he was financially free. Okay. There's something magic about that. We understand. Okay. So for those who are my writers, you start blogging and I want you to commit to me to a year, publish every single day for a year. How many of us can commit to me to every single day for a year? How many of us would do it if you, financial freedom was guaranteed on the other side of it? Okay. I will commit to you that. Okay. If you do every single day for a year, you will have that at the end of it. I promise you that you will find your voice. You will track the right people and everything will change for you. Okay. Put me in a test. I dare you and come back in a year from now and be like, Russell, I'm still broke. Guarantee is not going to happen. Guarantee it. All right. Okay. How many of you guys are like, oh, writing sucks. Russell, I'd rather die than write words. That's like, what, why would you do that? Okay. I understand that. Writing is hard. All right. So how many of you guys like, I could go like, give you a microphone, just talk and just talk. I'd be really, really good for that. I mean, those are my talkers. All right. So my talkers, you're starting a podcast. Congratulations. You are officially now podcasts hosts. Okay. You're starting a podcast. Um, what's the new podcast app? I've anchored. Okay. If you can't do a podcast, it's an app called anchor. It's like three or like a dollar. I don't even know. Either way, it's worth the, like it's amazing, right? And you can literally just click a button. You do a quarter of a podcast, you click a button. It flows on your intro, your exit, up those iTunes in your life. Like that easy. Okay. There's no, she don't know how to do a podcast. Like, oh, okay. We're just stressed. She here today. Okay. Or just give her money. Okay. Santa, bro. Quick. This is what she does for living now. You record a cop podcast, you send it to her and then she makes a magical live on the internet. Okay. My brother does that for me. Like, I have no idea how like people like, how do you get podcasts and iTunes? I'm like, uh, I quick record on my phone. I talk into it. And then when I'm done, I stop and I click a button. I say email to Scott and then it goes to Scott. And the next day is magic on iTunes. They're like, what microphone do you use? I'm like, the one of my phone, the little like line there. I just talking to it. Like the sound quality is so good. I'm like, are you serious? I'm in my car every single time you can hear the end. It's like, the sound quality is horrible. But I've been doing it consistently. Man, six, seven and seven years now. Okay. But I had to find something I knew that I could do when I started my podcast. I was like, I know that I'm not going to write every single day. That's hard for me. I know that I'm not going to do the videos every day, but like every single day I get in the car and I drive to work. Okay. And so I'm going to do something simple. I'm just going to have my phone. I'm just going to talk because I know if it's going to be interviews, show it's going to be hard for me to like get the mics and things and people have speakers and this is going to be hard. I want to something I know I can actually do every single day. Every time I'm in the car, I'm just going to do in the car. So those who've been following for a long time, it used to be called marketing in your car, it was just me driving to the office talking about whatever. And it was like, it's funny looking back at it now. Poor Julie had it. Like we first started working with it. She listened to all like 600 episodes in a weekend. And can you imagine that being in my brain for an entire weekend? Like that would be painful. Anyway, but like it started right after our company collapsed. I laid off like 80 people. I was shrunk from like a 20,000 square foot office to 2000 square foot office. I was the brink of bankruptcy. I was trying to figure out how to not to go to jail and get shut down by the IRS and all sorts of things. And I was like, this is a good time to start a podcast. I'm going to document my journey. Why was I thinking that? I don't know. So grateful idea. I started documenting this process. And if you listen to it, it's funny. Julie's messaging me that weekend. She's like, you literally just said you have this idea. You think it's going to change the world. And it's this thing you have your hand called click funnels. And she's like, you literally just said that you think growing a company over $10 million is the stupidest thing you've ever heard of. She's like, you literally just said, like all these things. I'm like, I said that I get through the most hilarious thing in the world. But what's amazing now is five years later, I have people that come to my world and they listen to something and they start listening. And then what happens? They start binge listening to go at the very beginning, listen to episode and one, they go through this whole thing. And all of a sudden I see them in an event and they're like, dude, Russell, I went on this journey with you. Like, oh my gosh. Like I thought you were the stuck up annoying kid, but like I saw the journey and you went through a hard, hard time. And like, I felt like I'm connected to you and everything that I'm hearing you. And like, and like I'm on the treadmill and like my intimate times were on like just nothing else. Like you're in my mind talking. I'm hearing your voice. I'm hearing your language patterns. I actually believe this is possible. I listened to you every single day for the last week of my life. Now what's my ability like to serve that person? It's way different, right? Okay. Because I was able and I was willing to document the journey. Okay. Now this is the other funny thing. Um, if you guys, the very first funnel hacking live that Garrett White ever spoke out or the very first one ever, he came to spoke at it. And I, I didn't find the clip for this, but it was so funny. I quote it in the expert seekers book. He was talking about this. He's like, when you first start, you're going to suck. He said, but the good news is, as you continue to do this, eventually you'll suck less. If you continue to eventually you'll suck less, so little, you'll actually become good. Okay. And it's true. Like at first thing, when you guys first start publishing, you're going to be horrible at it, but the good news is nobody's actually listening to you at first. You're going to be like, we're also known as listening. I'm like, that's the good thing. I have no followers. Perfect. That's the best time to start. You start with that whole bunch of people. It stresses you out, right? Start with no one's listening. Then it's not that bad. This is the funniest thing. Steve and I were sitting there one day and this is like 400 episodes in or whatever. And he's talking. He's like, you know what's weird? Is that the first like 40, 45 episodes your podcast, you are horrible. He's like, but somewhere around 45, 46, like you started getting the rhythm and then it got good and then it got really good. I was like, man, I am so glad that I didn't stop. Okay. Um, in fact, what's fascinating is that I didn't even know how to check my podcast stats until after episode like four or 500. Like I had no idea. I'm so grateful. I had no idea how many people were listening. So if I didn't know that no one was listening, I probably would have stopped. Isn't that scary? But because I had no idea why people listening. I said, like someone's probably listening. They keep going. I kept going, I kept going, I kept going. And eventually people started listening and they started following and they started sharing and started growing. Okay. And I found my voice. Now I can stand up here in front of you guys with like doodles as notes and talk for three days because I found my voice. I've told these stories a billion times, right? That they're over and over and over and over and over again. Okay. If you have to become comfortable. Number three, um, how many guys don't want to write, don't want to be audio, but you're like, I need my own stage to present. Where are my people that need a stage? He needs a stage. All right. You guys, you should start video. Okay. Starting some kind of vlog. It can be, I don't care if it's Facebook live, Instagram live, YouTube. I don't care where it is, but start going live. Okay. And it's going to be scary at first. It's going to be weird. It's going to be awkward, but I promise you guys it's worth it. It'll be worth it. Um, in 12 months. Now when you come back and you're like, Oh my gosh, Russell, some weird things happen. I found my voice. And the other thing that's amazing about when you start doing this, um, um, there's a scripture, I believe it's in Luke or John, uh, where Christ talked about this. He said, uh, he said, my voice, my, my sheep will hear my voice and they will come to me. Right. It was interesting. That's it. That's an eternal true principle in all things. Right. Your people will hear your voice and they will come to you. Okay. How many of you guys, in fact, I had Kim and Toby shell who aren't here today, but, um, they were in Kenya with us a little while ago. And it's funny because they didn't come. They weren't planning to come the first fun hacking live and, uh, but they wanted to call a couple of words. Like, Hey, you should come to, you should come to get your two comic club or like, we only do events like, dude, we're literally giving you a gold record on stage. You need to come like, ah, fine. So they came and they said, when they got there, he said, I feel like it was my family. I felt like, like, I finally belong. And these are my people. Right. And they felt that way. How many of us felt that way when you came into our world? Right. Like for me, it's like, I started sharing my voice and the first, the first five or two years, I didn't share what I was truly passionate about. I was sharing like all sorts of stuff. Cause I thought it was cool. And like, that's when I found these customers. I didn't like my five. I was like, screwed. I'm just going to show what I actually am passionate about, what I actually care about. Okay. So you start sharing it. Your people will hear your voice. They will find you. They will come to you, but you have to share your voice. If you don't put it out there, no one's going to find you. If you're willing to do that, okay. They will magnet, magnetically become attracted to it. And the better you get, the more people will come to you. More consistent you are, the more people will come to you. Okay. But you got to be consistent. All right. That's the number one. Document the journey. Step number two in this process. Um, called testing your material. Okay. Um, uh, two months ago, I went on the secret Illuminati men's camp out with all these amazing people and, uh, it was this group. They told us like, don't tell anyone when you're going on this trip. I'm like, really? Like, because I literally document every second of my life somewhere. Like people working with my wife will think I'm dead or something. If I'm not Instagramming every second of this, he's like, no, cause like you can't tell people like, huh, so we all show up at the airport. Like it's like eight of us. We're all twitching. Like, and like, we really not share this. Like you got like eight of the biggest influences in the world who like share every second you said, don't share it. Like, yeah, we can't share it. Like, duh. And finally, like it's funny that like 15 minutes to see everybody like Instagram. So like, what's up? Like, yeah, I was literally, I'm such a nerd. If you guys remember Instagram that day, I'm about to get on a helicopter with Tom billaboo, the founder of quest bars and he's got this bag of quest chips. And I'm like, quest has chips. I'm like freaking out. I'm like, oh my gosh, this dude, like I'm like totally freaking out. And I'm trying to be on my own. As I'm getting on the helicopter with the owner of a billion dollar supplement company, like, Hey, man, what's up? And I have to document this. Like, it's like, I'm, I phone out and I have this awkward picture. Like, and it's like, then I tag like, Tom billaboo founder of quest. He's jumping on the helicopter. They tag like, he's not following me. He'll never know. And I was like, such a nerd, right? But like, um, anyway, where am I going with this? You guys are more and more scared the more you get to know me. Huh? This is Russell unscripted. Um, how many of my way are coming on the cruise? So fun. You see a lot more of this there. Anyway, so, um, so I met this secret Illuminati group with all these amazing people were hanging around the campfire. I thought I was supposed to be a marketing meeting or something to talk about marketing. It turns out no one will talk about marketing. They were talking about feelings and people like men were crying and it was so weird and awkward and like, I didn't know what to do. And then like, I'm crying. I'm like, what is happening? I don't know how to connect with this. This is amazing. It was amazing. But finally, in the middle of all this amazingness, we had one marketing principle that Dean grass, he dropped. I was like, it was amazing. So they're on the campfire. And he said, you know, it's interesting. He said, if you look at the big comedians, right, they get on the big stage and they tell these jokes and every single joke that they tell lands and they nail everyone's laughing like, man, that guy is so talented. So you don't understand is that the way that the path of a comedian, this is what happens. They start their career and they go over to this little dive bar and they write 10 jokes to stand up to get the microphone. Like, okay. And they tell the jokes the very first time they're awkward, they're nervous and they tell the 10 jokes. And for the most part, they're bad and they might get one or maybe two laughs. Right. Okay. Those two jokes were good. The other 10 sucked. So they go back home that night. Okay, cool. Delete those eight jokes. Joke number one, joke number two were keeping those because they were good. Right. Eight new jokes, right? New jokes. They go to the next dive bar and they test them at you again. Okay. Joke number one, boom nails it. Joke number two, boom nails it. Then joke number three, four, five, six, seven, eight and then the next seven, one maybe hits and like, cool. I got three jokes, goes back to the drawing board. Joke one, joke two, joke three. Okay. And he's seven new jokes, right? New 70 jokes goes next to I bar. Boom nails it, boom nails it, boom nails it. Fail, fail, fail, boom nails it, boom nails it, boom. Comes back, does it again, does it again, does it again. So finally they get the spot. They got 10 jokes. They tracks it again. Another dive bar nails it, nails it, nails it. Everything was perfect. They got the material. Now they call up the big stage. They got on stage and say, we've got the microphone and they start telling the stories and just every single thing, boom, they nailed it. They nailed it. They know everyone's laughing, cracking up like that person is the funniest human being on earth. Right. That's how it works. Okay. So the lesson for you guys is this, right? If you look at how can Russell tell it? In fact, this story right now, right here, how that story of the secret luminati meeting and the thing. So after Dean told me that story, I was, oh my gosh. And that night I boxed Dave. I'm like, dude Dave, oh, I told him the story. I totally jacked it up. I kind of got it and Dave got the gist and he was excited. I'm like, cool. Then that next morning I woke up and I was like, all still excited. So I got my little app out and I clicked record and I recorded a podcast where I told that story, right? Then the next two days later, I was at Dana Derek's event, dream 100 con. I'm standing on stage and I told that story again. Then the next week, where are we at next? Three or four more times I told that story and I told you guys today. I've been testing that material. I've been testing that line over and over and over and over and over again. Okay. Now I know how to tell that story. Now I know how to land it. So everyone's like, oh, and you have the aha moment, right? This book, this event. Okay. I've been writing this for six months, writing the jokes, getting it all lined out, trying to figure out doing the doodle, trying to figure the whole thing out. Then I spoke to Dana Derek's dream 100 con, uh, two months ago, whatever that was. Who would anyone here at that event? That was my first shot testing this material. I tested it. I told, I told, I knew the whole two days, but I did a two hour presentation. I tested much of the material, a couple of things nailed a couple of things were like people with eyes glazed over. I'm like, that was really confusing. Okay. Note to self, don't tell that story again, shift this change, something tweaks and things that came back. And then, um, I've been testing a lot of these stories and podcasts and Facebook lives and stories and interviews. I've been testing material, testing, testing, testing it. This whole experience next two days is me testing this material before I sit down and start actually writing the book. He doesn't understand that testing material, testing material, testing material. If you think you're going to stand up on stage the very first time, give a presentation and crush it. It's not going to happen. Okay. This documentation of your journey is your chance to start testing your material, to tell your stories, to figure it out. What do people respond to you? What are they liking? What are they not liking? Did I tell a right to land that joke? Did I tell the story or are they confused? And it makes sense. How do I simplify this? Okay. That's the process you have to learn in this journey to become who you need to be, to serve the people you're trying to serve. That makes sense. Okay. It's, it's a testing material. Okay. And you're testing it all the time over and over and over and over and over again. How many of you guys have told, have heard my potato gun story more than once? More than twice? Three times. Four or five. Anyway. Yeah. It's bad, right? Imagine me. I've heard it billions of times. I hate that story. I'm like, I got to tell the story again. Okay. This is what's hard though. Your audience, you will get sick of your stories way before your audience does. It's, you understand, you're like, I already told that story to who, to the eight people who were following you a year ago. Tell it again. No one's ever heard that story before. Tell it again. No one's ever heard that story. Even if they have heard it, the second time, I might resonate different. Second time, they might be in a different state in their life where it can actually affect them this time. The second time, the third time, the fourth time, the fifth time. Okay. Don't be afraid to do it yet to keep opening your mouth, keep putting it out there. And you become more comfortable. You get better at doing it. More people will come into your world and keep telling the story, keep telling the story, keep telling the story. Okay. Half of you guys, in fact, this is one of the points I'm going to coach Nick on tonight when he comes back is keep telling the story. He told the story initially the first time I heard that, haven't heard him talk about it again. Tell your story more often. Tell it again and again and again until you are nauseated and sick about it. Cause that's about the time your audience is going to be like, Oh, this makes sense. Okay. So you're documenting the journey, telling your stories, testing your show, doing it over and over and over again. If you do this for a year, by the time it's done, you will understand, you will find your voice. You'll understand how to actually get the results. People have a path to watch. Your material will be good. Like, you know how to tell your stories. Amazing things will happen from this process. Okay. And the number three is during this process, you are finding your hooks. Okay. Probably the best case stage to share this one was Anthony D. Comanney, when he first came out with the biohacking secrets book or the biohackers guide to, yeah, that book, right? And we were, John was running by an ads and it was kind of doing okay. And I haven't a lot of success and we're like, what do we do? What do we do? And I said, okay, Anthony, what I want you to do is this book is like 5,000 biohacks in there. Every single day, pick a biohack, show it and then tell people to buy your book. Just do a Facebook live every single day. And I was like, do the weird stuff too. Like the lasers in your nose and your ears and like the glowing rooms and all the weird stuff, the weirder, the better. So he's like, all right. And I said, how long do I need to do that? I said, every day until forever. He's like, you seriously like, Oh yeah, only if you want money though, if you don't want money, you can stop anytime you want. But if you want to change the world and make a lot of money, do it every single day until I tell you to stop. It's like, you're serious. I'm like, yeah, like I've been doing this 15 years now and I'm not stopped. Like, okay, as soon as you're bored and like are tired of the impact and tired of the income, then you can stop until then. Like this is your job. This is your role. This is what you do for a living, right? So I said, okay, every single day. So he's like, okay, so the first one he gets on, he gets these like glasses that shine, license your eyes and glow green. He's like, Hey, I'm Anthony Clemente, blah, blah, blah, blah. And he's talking about this thing. And I usually get my book. This is really cool bio hack. Okay. Did it on his fan pages, fan pages of time had three fans, him, his mom and me, all three of us saw it. Nobody bought the book. He's like, ah, this isn't going to work. I might do it again. Find your voice. Do the next one. So you do the next one. He did some other weird thing in a cryo cryo sauna. Nothing happened. The next one did the next one. Did the next one. Did the next one. Day one, day two, day three, day four, day five, day six and seven, day, all the way to day 11. I think it was day 11. He was sitting there in his kitchen. He was sitting there in his kitchen. He's like, I don't want to do that stupid video for freaking Russell. Hashtag do a Russell says. Yeah, right. This is horrible. Right. And then he's like, you know what? I'm just going to do something easy. I'm going to teach you about bio hack their vegetables. So he gets a pan out and he's like, Hey, how to bio hack your vegetables. Like literally what you do is you get butter, organic grass fed butter and you put it in the pan and then you put your vegetables and you cook it in grass fed butter. That's how you bio hack your vegetables. You want more bio hacks like this go buy my book. Put it out there. I think John spent 10. And if usually like we test something with like five or $10 and as to see if anyone did any traction. It wasn't anything. And for some reason that video that hook for some reason how to bio hack your vegetables was a hook that we threw that into the red ocean. Right. Back here. We threw that hook into the red ocean. And for some reason people grabbed onto it and he targeted Dave Asprey's audience. He targeted other people like targeted all the different people who might like that and that video and get over a million views. So a thousand, a thousand copies of his book built his fan page. He's like, this is amazing. He's like, can I stop doing videos now? Like, no, keep doing it. He did the next video and didn't work. Next year, didn't work. Next year, didn't work. Next year, didn't work. Next one. Boom. That one worked. Three million views. Next year, didn't work. Didn't work. Didn't work. Didn't work. Boom. Blow up again. What he was doing this process. He's testing hooks. We have no idea what is going to get these people to what's going to hook and what's going to grab them. Okay. And so what we do is we try to figure out, okay, instead of like testing much stuff, I'm going to make the perfect hook. We spent all the time designing it and choreographing and making it perfect. And we put all of our time and energy and effort in this thing. And then we're like, we throw it out into the market and then nobody bites. Like funnels are a scam. They don't work. I'm going back to my job. Right. It's like, dude, you, you tested one hook. We have no idea. Right. The success doesn't come from testing the perfect hook. The success comes from throwing thousands and thousands of hook in the water and saying, what's going to work? What's going to work? What's going to work? What's going to work? Boom. That worked. Run with it. Test the next thing. Boom, boom. We're testing hooks, testing hooks, testing hooks. Okay. I'm testing hooks like crazy all the time over and over and over because I have no idea what's going to work. And the ones that work, then we run deep into them. Okay. That's the answer. That's what this whole process is for. Okay. Even if you have nothing to sell yet, I'm testing my hooks. Which ones do people respond to? Which ones do I do when I do an episode? I get people messing like, oh my gosh, that was amazing. That's how I know the hook worked. Right. I did this one episode on like, why, why entrepreneurs suck at vacations. It was a podcast. Right. Cause I was about to go on a vacation. I was angry. I'm like, I don't want to go on vacation. I want to like work. My wife doesn't understand cause she thinks it's like this gift to me. I'm like, the gift would be for you to allow me to stay at home working. This doesn't make any sense. Like this is the gift for you, not for me, but I have to go cause I love her. Oh, and like I'm struggling right. And some of my car venting on the way to work. How many of you remember that episode? Oh, I'm glad she's listening to my podcast. Anyway, so I'm venting about how entrepreneurs suck at vacations. Man. And then as I'm going on vacation, I'm flying and my everything where people can contact me is blowing up Instagram, Facebook, all these places like, dude, Oh my gosh, I feel the same way. I'm the same way. I'm like blowing up. I'm like, huh, we hit it. Like I hit a nerve with that one. Like that was something that, like, well, that was the right hook. They connected people. So then I'm in Hawaii. I'm like, Hey, hon, do you mind if I make a video? Cause I have to do something. I'm like freaking out. She's like, Oh yeah, you can make a video. I'm like sweet. So I'm like out there. Brent was there at the time and I have an iPad. I'm writing out a whole script for this thing. And then we're like, we didn't have a teleprompter. We had nothing. So I had a piece of paper, like stapled to a tree and Brent's holding the thing. And I'm like pitching this thing. And I'm doing it. I sent to Kevin, he edited it. And we like make this video and put it out there. And it was a good hook and it blew up and did really good. Right. But I'm always testing the hooks to find out what works, right? Because it's rarely the things that we think are going to be the ones that hit. Most times the stuff that you like probably wouldn't do or the things you're vulnerable like, do you think Natalie Hawson was like, Oh my gosh, I peed my pants. This is amazing. I'm going to make so much money. No. Right. But she's like, I wonder maybe let's throw out a hook. Oh my gosh. That was the one who knew. And that wasn't her first hook. She tried thing after thing after thing after thing after thing before she tried a lot of things after they haven't hit as big, right? But you never know. It's just like it's consistently putting out hooks to find out what the market actually wants. Our biggest problem is entrepreneurs. We have ideas for things. We become assessed with them and we try to shove it down the throat of our market as opposed to finding out what the market actually wants. So I'm just throwing out hooks, trying to figure out what you guys want. As soon as you let me know, boom, I'm like, Oh my gosh, this is like it's on. It's on like Donkey Kong, right? The 38 challenge that funnel I thought was going to have me a saw the 30 days dot com challenge the whole funnel. Like I thought maybe we would sell. Um, man, I think I think our goal initially going to like 2000 copies of the book. Um, we sold 7,500. I'm funneled at $1.2 million on a free event with a hundred dollar book ups. Like it was insane. Like that one worked. Right. We have 7,500 people going through this challenge right now. Like, okay, we're just going to do a lot more of that every single day for forever. I'm going to talk about, I'll show you guys our value ladder tomorrow, but it shipped like that is now the focal point of all of our value. I, everything we're doing now is based on that because that hook worked. Right. Now we know, like, okay, let's go deep as deep as we can possibly go. Right. So when you're finding hooked and you're going with it, um, by the way, I'm also always looking, one of the reasons why I'm doing this whole dream 100 thing, listening to podcasts and, and, and all these things and watching people, then looking what hooks they're throwing out there as well. What things are resonating. Right. So let us see who's thrown out there. And I'm like, man, that was really good. And I'll see it. I'm like, Oh my gosh, that person got blah. How many views like this actually this morning, huh? This morning I was on my phone this morning going through and Prince EA. How many of us follow Prince EA? Uh, amazing dude. And he had this video that he just launched and it was talking about Jim Kerry like a week or two ago in the news was doing this crazy stuff. And, um, anyway, his video was like Jim, Kerry is going crazy and him saying, like, Jim's not crazy. This is why there's this thing. And I was like, Oh my gosh. And it's whole like side by side video of the, of the event happening right now. And him talking about it. I think the video's got like 20 or 30 million views of this. Like it's crazy. Right. I'm like, Oh my gosh. Okay. He's not my direct market, but like, could I somehow tell a story about Jim Kerry? Cause apparently that hook just worked right now. Maybe I could make something based on that as well. Right. So I'm looking at other hooks. Things are people are using. I might, and this gives you ideas for the hooks you can be using. Right. All of us and all these different platforms are throwing out hooks. Every podcast episode, there's a hook. Someone's throwing out there trying to grab somebody. So I'm looking at those and listening at which ones did I want to click on? Which one I did not, didn't want to click on. Which emails did I click on to read? One of the most fascinating things you can do is go back to your email history and just look through it and look at what emails you opened and then stop. I'm like, why did I open on that? What was the hook that got me to open? Huh. What does that subject line say? Every time I send email, the first thing I do is I log into my Gmail and I go back like 10 years and I start scrolling through and looking at like the subject lines that got me to open 10 years ago. My God, that was really good one. I'm just going to use that. Okay. So you're looking for hooks all the time. Um, okay. He's having fun. I love this. Okay. Uh, where's my little clicker thing? The stage is all over the place. Okay. So there you go. There's the doodle. We just did. So, um, finding your voice, you guys, how many guys will commit to me that you will publish every day for the next 12 months of your life? Those are all the people that love money and impacting and changing the world. Those who are not ready to commit to that, raise your hand yet. All right. Stephen's going to grab you guys who are not willing to commit yet. He will beat you into submission. All right. Only do it though. If you want to change people's lives, make way more money. Otherwise, don't even worry about it. Okay. Uh, the Harmon brothers, we're doing the second video with the Harmon brothers right now, uh, the prospector part two. But if you ever notice that their videos, they always have a line at the very end that's in every one of their videos. If you study the scripts, that's like, um, uh, like a total negative qualifier. Like, um, if, uh, if you hate money, if you, or if you hate, uh, at least always something, then don't buy our product. Otherwise it's just like, um, anyway, we should hold and then just die. Secting their videos. They're all or nothing things. Okay. Um, cool. We're actually going to time ish. All right. Okay. All right. Next thing we'll talk about. So I'm going to go deeper into this whole hook piece. Some of you guys may notice over the last sense funnel, hiking live till now, there's been a thing that I've been going deep on over and over and over and over and over and over again. In fact, um, right now we're actually doing a rewrite of the expert secrets book to include this in the beginning because it's such a key integral piece. I feel like I missed when we did the book the first time that I want to make sure it's in there. I know some of you guys have heard me talk about this, but I'm going to go through it again and again and again, because it's, it's the foundation that I think some people are, um, are struggling with. So the concept is this, the hook, the story and the offer. Uh, one of the reasons why some of you guys are struggling is because you can't, you haven't figured this piece out yet. So I want to dissect all the different pieces of it because these three things are used everywhere. They are used in the funnels. They are used on the sales page, right? Funnels.com. Secret sales pages are our expert secrets, but in traffic, they're used as well. Okay. Hook story offer is more important here than anywhere. So I'm going to talk about from a high level, but then we need to understand it because I dig deeper into like, how do we get that person who's scrolling to stop and click on my ad and come into my funnels? Right. It's all about this hook story offer, hook story, offer, hook story, offer. Okay. All right. So first thing I want to talk about, this hook story offer. Okay. The first thing I want to talk about is the, one of the biggest problems a lot of you guys are having is you're putting all your eggs into one basket of like, I'm going to sell this thing. I know what I'm going to sell. And this is the thing, right? And what we have to become better at doing is really having like, it comes down to again, like understanding that it's not what we want to sell. It's like, what is the, what does the market actually want? I'm right. Potential products. Okay. So what's the difference between a product and an offer? Who out there knows this? Mr. Stephen Larson hasn't drilled this into your heads enough. Then we can, we can do it more. Okay. Um, I'm not going to ruin it. We'll all say, okay. So it's a product. So product is a thing, like a singular thing, right? Um, an offer is you're stacking together multiple things into something amazing. Right. So if you look at the way we do everything in the office, we call this a stack slide, but an offer is basically just a whole bunch of products mushed together. Okay. So what it's interesting, like, especially the biggest blowback I get from this is definitely in the e-commerce world where people are like, they read expert secrets. Like, Oh, expert secrets is for gurus and internet info markers. It's not for people like me. I'm like, ah, if you think that you missed the whole point altogether, right? Expert secrets is all about figuring out how do you create an offer? Right. An offer is taking it from like, I sell this thing I sell. What's something we could sell? Let's say I'm an e-commerce person, right? Oh, you guys want that? All right. It's getting real now. Okay. If you guys want that. Okay. So when you have a product, the biggest problem with it, with a singular product, we talked about earlier, research versus interest, right? A product is a product. It's a commodity, right? And when you have selling commodity, it's like a race to the bottom. Okay. So I'm going to pick something. I did this exercise in the one fun way challenge, which is why some of you guys have heard this and those who haven't heard this yet means you're not doing your homework or you didn't sign up for the challenge, which means you didn't respond to one of our offers, which hurts me. Trying to make these things amazing for you guys. Okay. So in the challenge I talked about is I wanted to pick a random product that's just like a random product, right? So I thought the product I'm going to pick is the DVD of the movie, the greatest showman. How many of you guys have seen the greatest showman? How many of you guys are going to say that you broke out into song in your head and you're like dancing around and my wife wants me to dress up like the greatest showman of funnel hacking live. She's like, you should do the thing and we'll have like a cape and we'll do this thing. I'm like, no, I will never do that in a million years. Like, but it'll be so cool. I'm like, I don't think I'm in anyway. So movies awesome. Right. Now, if you go to amateur right now and try to buy the DVD, great showman, how much does it cost? Like what? Nineteen. I don't know how much DVDs are nowadays. 20 bucks, 20 bucks to say for DVD, right? Now, if I wanted to be a guy and I'm like, I'm going to sell the greatest showman. I'm going to sell on Amazon. Everyone else on Amazon. How am I going to compete? The only way to compete then is like to try to like make it cheap. Like, well, you're self a 20 on stuff. Nineteen. You're like, well, so first 18, well, 17, 16 feet. Also, you're just raised to the bottom, right? And that's how most marketing happens. It's like the worst thing at all. That's how you're selling the product, right? You're taking this thing. It's a, it's a great showman DVD and you're trying to sell it. Okay. So for e-commerce sellers or for anybody selling anything for any matter, I don't care if you're an affiliate or network market or affiliate marketer. If you're a dentist, a chiropractor, anything, if you understand this principle, the thing you're selling is just one piece. It is a product. And as soon as you shift from me, a product to an offer, you switch from me in a commodity where you're fighting on price through your becoming an offer, which now you are your own thing. And I can sell you on the perceived value of my offer, right? So if I was going to do the greatest showman, I would take the DVD and say, okay, the first thing you're going to get when you buy the DVD for me is you're going to get the greatest showman DVD. Everyone else got the same thing, but I'm going to give you the DVD as well. Now I start thinking like, what are other potential things that someone who bought the DVD would also like? So I start thinking, okay, greatest showman, what's greatest showman is about? It's about PT Barnes. So who's PT Barnes? PT Barnum was the guy who started Barnum, Bailey's circus, a bunch of other things. Like, what did I know about PT Barnum? Well, he was an entrepreneur. Um, and now I obviously still launch proof. So like, hey, what, like, how is that exciting for people? I look back in time and I found out that PT Barnum were like five or six different books about entrepreneurship back in the early 1900s. Is that crazy? That's some amazing books, right? So I started looking deeper and I'm like, he wrote, um, I'll just hear. He wrote a three or four books. This is like book number one, book number two, book number three. Now it's cool because in the early 1900s, pre 1923 means everything he published is actually in the public domain. The copyright laws happened in 1923. So anything published pre 1923 in the United States of America is not, is not subject to copyright law, which means I can take all of PT Barnum's books that he wrote and I, I can take those and I own the rights to him. If you go to Gutenberg.org, everything on Gutenberg.org is in the public domain, which means you can republish or asking anybody ever. Right. So literally I go to Gutenberg.org and type in PT Barnum and three of his books are there, the entire PDF manuscripts. I take those and I can do whatever I want with them. Right. So I can go and get somebody to make an e-cover for it. I can write my own intro for it. I could like, I could do a whole bunch of amazing things. I can make a derivative, they call it a derivative work. Now I got all these things. Right. So now I say, look, if you buy the greatest showman for me, you'll get the greatest showman just like everybody else. But on top of that, I'm going to give you three books that PT Barnum wrote. Digital books, you can print your Kindle, read, read, read, read, anytime you want all that entrepreneurship and growing your company. Is that cool? Then I'm like, cool. Now what else can I find out about PT Barnum? Like, okay, let me think, let me think. I'm going to go to YouTube and search PT Barnum. I searched YouTube for PT Barnum. I found like five or six amazing videos of people talking about PT Barnum. Tell us his life story. Tell us his history, talking about what he did and how he did and why he did. I'm like, oh my gosh, that's like amazing. These are potential products that are listed in YouTube. So I got the YouTube videos about PT Barnum. And I'm like, I wonder if anyone else has talked about PT Barnum, other cool stuff. I searched iTunes. I found out there's five different podcasts. People went deep into PT Barnum story and they're fast in the interviews when people talk about PT Barnum. So like, cool. I have these podcasts over here, PT Barnum, people talk about PT Barnum. Then I started searching Amazon. I found out there was a guy who happened to be one of our friends named Joe Vitali. He wrote a book called, there's a customer born every single minute. How many of you guys got that book in the mail? You're welcome. So I call up Joe Vitali. I'm like, dude, you wrote a book on PT Barnum? The movie's huge right now. He's like, I know. I'm like, oh my gosh, like, can I get a copy of the book? I want to like bundle that book in. He's like, sure, you can buy it. Here's my publisher. Get the numbers. I call the publisher. I've got a whole bunch of copies. Now I have a copy of the book, a customer born every single minute. So when you buy the DVD to me, you get the DVD plus you get the three books. Plus you can get the secret vault of YouTube videos with all my favorite videos. People talking about PT Barnum plus secret vault of podcast interviews. Plus one of my friends who's the number one foremost expert on PT Barnum, wrote an entire book on that. I'll see if the PT Barnum book as well. And then Mike, hey, Joe, couple of the questions. Do you have anything else amazing about PT Barnum? Obviously you did a lot of work when you're setting him and Joe's like, oh yeah, I actually have this other like PDF. I wrote like 30 pages called the 10 circles of power. I mean, if you want, you can have the rights to the PDF as well and do whatever you want with it. What are you serious? Yeah. Okay. Cool. Cause Joe's like, man, uh, this book's awesome. I would love to, like you can sell it and it's on your platform. What people find out about my book by reading the report. So then Joe gives me the PDF to, um, the PDF to, um, to his book. I throw in the PDF as well. You get the, the unreleased PDF book called the 10 rings of power and keep going on and on and on. Right. I'm sure thinking like what are all the potential products I could create? Maybe I read, maybe I watched the TV and then me, I'm going to give my commentary. I'm going to record an hour long, um, recording of myself on my phone talking about after watching the movie, here's all the insights I saw for my specific business. Okay. Boom. Now there's another part of the offer is like Russell's recordings on his thoughts about PT Barnum and fill that in the offer. I can go on and on and on. I can interview Steven. You watched the movie, right? What do you, how does PT Barnum's story relate back to offer creation? He could tell me, like, Julie, how's it worked to, to funnel creation? She can, I can interview her. I can interview John. How's it worked to, based on traffic? I can four or five people. How's it worked based on system to James P. Frill. Can I interview about how PT Barnum systems are actually working today's market? He's like, sure, I'd love to be on your platform talking about things sweet. I get into it. Also, I have all these assets, right? All these potential products that come out of this thing, they become huge, right? I put them in this offer. Now I can go to Amazon or go to someone else and say, look, you can buy the DVD from So-and-So over here for $20. Mine's, I'm still actually selling for $2,000. But when you buy it for me, you also get this and this and this and this and this and this. And because I'm no longer a commodity, some of you guys are giving me $2,000 that offer. Am I right? Okay. Cause it's no longer a commodity. I'm able to turn into an offer and now I can sell it based on perceived value because I'm the only person that has these other things, right? Nobody else. I'm the only person to make this offer. So when I break it from a product to an offer, it breaks the bands of being a commodity. Now it becomes something that's unique to me. Only I have it. I'm the only person that has this. You can buy the DVD. That's the little piece of it in other places, but I'm the only person that has the greatest showman offer for entrepreneurs, the bundle, right? And so that's what we're talking about here with, with, with offers, right? So you see this on the PowerPoint slides on, uh, in a, in a perfect webinar. It's like, there it is. It's the, it's the, the offer stack, right? And so what I want you guys doing for yourselves and you should like, Oh, I wish I could spend six months just doing the exercise with you guys. But if I was to come to your office right now and you're struggling, I'd be like, Hey, what are you selling? And you'd be like, Oh, I'm selling this. I'm like, okay, that's a thing. Make one bullet point. That's why you're not making money yet. You've got a thing like what else do your people want? How can you serve them at a higher level? What are the other things? Let's start thinking outside of the box. Okay. Who could you interview that could provide more value to the people? What could you find? Who could you, who, what could you create? Like, what are the other things? In fact, um, man, this is the first time I almost bankrupted my cut, my company. Um, yeah, that's embarrassing. Three anyway, first time, everything's collapsing. We're about to be completely broke. And I'm like, screwed. I have no idea what to do. I'm like, nothing. We're selling, he's working anymore. No one wants anything. I have a little list of customers. Like, what do we do? I call my friends, we ended up in my office and I sat in front of a white board. I said, okay, what could we actually sell? And we brainstormed for hours. Like, what if we did this? What if we did this? And what if, like, how else can we serve them? What else do they want? What else do they need? Like what, I mean, we just got making a list of all this stuff. Eventually this huge list of all these things you could sell. And I'm like, okay, well, some of these things are crazy. Like we got ridiculous. Like you can fly to Russell's house and he'll massage you. Why you read his book and stuff like that. And like, no one wants that, right? So when I come back later, I'm like, okay, we're not going to do that one or that one. But oh my gosh, like this one's actually amazing. And like, let's make that part of it. And then let's take this and that'll be part of the offer. Then this, and this, let's start breaking down these parts of the offer. Okay. I'm going to be using this, this, um, this, uh, this board of offers throughout today. Okay. Cause if you want like the, excuse me, tomorrow as well. Cause if you think about it, like all I'm doing, I'll give you a quick sneak peak for, for, um, for tomorrow. But basically when I have an ad on an ad, there's three things that are important. My hook, my story and my offer. Right. I have an ad. I got hook them to tell a story. And then they click the offers, they click on this button to get whatever, right? And then they go somewhere. They hit a landing page on the landing page. I have to do a hook, a story and offer. So I'm like, Hey, um, so maybe I like click here and I'm going to give you this thing. So they click on the button to go to page where I give this thing. It's like, give me your email address. I'll email it to you. Give me email address. I give them that boom. Then it comes next page. It's like, cool. Now you've got this. I made a special offer, which is these five things. Give me money and I'll give you this part. So then I'm, boom, I give them that. And then the next page upsells like, give me money and I'll give you this, this and this and this. Right. So I'm taking this like this big vault of all the different potential products I have and that that's why I'm creating my offers and pulling pieces out of them. Using things like that. Can I show you guys that more? We'll go deeper in tomorrow, but I just want to see where we're going with this. Like this is insanely important. Tonight in hotel room, you should be like, what else can I sell them? What else can I sell them? What else? And just keep thinking of how you can create value for your people and just keep building it and keep building and keep building it. We have our next launch, the 10X secrets launches coming out. Um, I think it was two weeks away from that launch. And this is the question right now. Like, I know we have a six hour training and me teaching, teaching everybody, um, how we did $3 million in 90 minutes. I'm like, what else does people need? What else do they need? And we're going in the archives and like everything we ever created. I'm like, Oh crap. We did five fat events at every single fat event. Um, I literally grabbed someone randomly from the audience, put them up on stage. And, uh, I sat there with them and I had them tell me their stories and had them sit down in the audience and I pretended like I was them and pitched their product for them and we recorded all of them. So I'm like, holy crap. Let's do you, like, luckily I documented the journey. Cause I have all this stuff that's been on the cutting room floor for the last year or two. Mike, that's actually a really good part of the offer. Like how many guys after you watch my six hour training, love to see me actually pitch five of the people's products. One of them was a pregnant woman. I literally became a pregnant woman and pitched their product from stage. And you can watch the entire video of me. First off, asking her the questions I needed to create the webinar. And then I stood there and gotten state as a pregnant woman and I pitched the thing. I sold the crap out of it. It was amazing, right? Who here wanted to buy that thing afterwards? Stephen was like, I'm all in. Yes, he was into it. Anyway, so that was like a part of the offer and said, what else do I have? What else? What else? What are the other things that someone had bought this would be interested in? Like, what are the other things that are like on the cutting room floor? Right? And that's what we're looking for. Or like, where did I learn? He's like, I learned the stack from arm and more. What if I called Armand and like interviewed him on how he does the stack? Right? I learned trial closes from, um, from Ted Thomas. So if I called Ted Thomas and doing everything about how he does trial clothes and like find the people actually taught me the pieces and make that all part of the offer. Now that becomes like the sexy, amazing thing where there's like, I can sell for what I want at this point, right? Cause I built the offer. I built the value of the offer so high. Okay. But for a lot of years you're coming in and you've got like one shot at base. I got one product. Let's go for it. And you're like, huh, it's not working. It's like, dude, you got to test more stuff. You need more products, more things because I can't create offers. I don't, it's just like testing hooks. I don't know what they're going to buy until I try a bunch of things. And so it's like getting, it's just creation of stuff. Right? Okay. Now a couple levels deeper on going here. Right? So this is the offer part of it. Right? We got offer. Now for every single offer, if you come backwards to the story, there's multiple stories for every offer. Right? It's not singular. Okay. So there are different stories. I'm not going to go too deep in it tonight, but if you guys have read the expert secrets book, we talked about a Pifty Bridge stories. Right? So there's a little Pifty Bridge gap. Right? And so there's multiple stories like this for each, each hook. Right? So for example, if I come back to the greatest showman example, right? One story I could tell is like, Hey, I took my kids to this movie called the greatest showman and I didn't know what it was about. And as I got in there, I realized it's all about entrepreneurship. And I got all excited. I remember when the movie ended, I opened a Wikipedia and, uh, and I was looking up PT Barnum. I looked it up and I started seeing his life and all the stuff he did and the things that I didn't even know about. And I started getting excited. I started researching and then finding these books. He wrote, I found these other things. And it was like, it was amazing. I realized he was probably the, the country's probably not the first, but probably the biggest entrepreneur of his time. Like he's like the Elon Musk of the time. And I was like, man, what can I learn from that guy? And I started finding these books and started reading in these books that are unpublished that you can't even find anymore anywhere. I started reading them. It was the most amazing thing in the world. As I started realizing that, man, the rate that he got the circus to be so big, can I use that same principles in my company myself? I'm in fact, one of the fascinating things I found, he has read this, this part actually in the book. So good. So two days before PT Barnum died, he wrote his own obituary and published it to all the newspapers and he was still alive. And they asked me, like, why did you publish your obituary? He's like, oh, I figured the death of a famous man, like me, might sell some more tickets to the, to the circus. Like what? Who does that? Isn't that amazing? Like, I love this guy. Like he's come from the same thread as me. Like I love him. Right. And because that I put together this really special offer, because I want you guys to watch the DVD, but that's just scratching the surface. That's Hollywood's rendition. How do you just know behind the scenes of what actually happened, what he did, what he believed and how he can implement in our business? Cause if you get started right now, you can get the DVD plus I'm going to give you those five books. Second thing I'm going to do is I'm going to give you the video of me explaining to my kids how these things relate back to us as entrepreneurs. Plus I found this guy wrote this book and I go through the offer. Right. That's one story. Okay. But there's other stories in the offer. I can tell another story. When I first got started online, um, I remember I bought this course from Mark Joyner, it's called this farewell package. He retired from the internet and, uh, and I bought this thing. There was like 20 CDs of him interviewing the top internet marketing, uh, people in the industry at the time. And CD number two was interviewed with a guy named Joe Vitaly. Joe Vitaly owns a site called MrFIRE.com. And I remember I listened to the interview. I was, I was, I was, I was like, loved everything that Joe Vitaly said. And I remember afterwards I went to MrFIRE.com. I'm looking at his site and I went to the site. There was a, a tab that said hire him. I was like, Oh my gosh, I got hired Joe Vitaly to like do marketing for me. So I click on the tab and I went there and he had his rate sheet and he was charging $6 per word to write an email. $6 per word, even the little words like, uh, and the six bucks per word to write an email. I was like, what? How is that even possible? But I became obsessed with Joe Vitaly. I started buying every single thing he had published. I'm like, if he's charging $6 per word, I want to read every single word he's written that I can find. And when the very first books I bought was a book called, there's a customer board every single minute. It was fascinating. This book is actually about a movie or excuse me, about a man named P.T. Barnum. And I remember reading this book and it goes through 10 rings of power about how P.T. Barnum was the world's, the world's greatest entrepreneur and all these different principles, what he did to build up the P.T. Barnum brand and the circus and everything. And then he ties back to how it relates back to us. I remember buying that book and devouring it. I loved it. And then I put it on my shelf and I forgot about it for a decade, a decade later, this movie comes out called the greatest showman. I didn't know it was a musical. I wouldn't have gone, but my wife tricks me that I should know this thing. I'm like, Oh, whatever. And I take my kids there and also they start singing. I'm like, what in the world's happening? But I saw Wolverine come out. I was like, sweet Wolverine's going to come out. He's dancing and I'm really more confused. And in a few minutes into it, I was like, wait, P.T. Barnum, I haven't read the book by Joe, by Mr. Fire like 10 years ago. And I start freaking out. I go to Wikipedia and I see the thing and I emailed Joe Vitale. I'm like, dude, you watch the movie. He's like, yeah, I'm like, Oh my gosh, your book is so relevant right now. I was like, Oh yeah. I'm like, what are you doing with these? Like nothing. I'm like, what can I buy 600 copies to send to all my top clients? Cause that book is insanely good. He's like, yes. And then he's like, Oh, by the way, this PDF that I wrote that I never published. If you want, you can give them that too. I'm like, are you kidding me? I'd be amazed to kind of interview about like what you learned from back then going through this huge research project. And he was like, yeah, so I'm putting this offer. Like I'm going to give you guys a DVD because I'm sure you want that. The second off, I got a copy of the customer board. I'm going to completely out of print right now. It's really hard. In fact, you go to eBay and I can get copies for like 200 or 300 bucks. But I got, I actually contacted the publisher. I printed a batch. I have it in my warehouse. You can't get them anywhere else. And it's hard to buy online. I've got a bunch of those. Plus I've unreleased PDF that Joe Vitale actually wrote about it, which is insanely cool. Then on top of that, let me interview him. Plus I found three of PT Barms old books. And I built up the offer again. I sell it. Different stories, same offer. I could do another one and another one, another one. Okay. Every offer is multiple stories. Which story is the best one to sell? I don't know. That's why I'm testing my material and seeing what's happening. I'm testing things. I'm testing these. I'm testing to find out which one's going to be the best. It's going to resonate people. So when I have a shot to stand in front of people and pitch something, I'm leading with the best story. But I don't know that if I'm not publishing. Right. Okay. All right. I'm going to go to one level back from that. Okay. Um, so every offer is multiple stories. Every story has multiple hooks. You see, that's important. We're publishing a lot of crap. Which hooks the right hook to get in the right story to get in the one by the offer. Okay. I got to be testing stuff. I'm trying a lot of things. Okay. It's fascinating when we did the video with the Harmon brothers, when the very first things that they did, cause it's a big production, it's half million dollars to make a video for you. Right. That was back then. It's actually gone up since then. It's crazy. And so that like we got one shot at making this thing go as big as we can. And when you can't like launch a product, like, Paul, hold on a second, like change that. I tried another one. Like you got one shot. So it's fascinating. We worked with them. The very first thing they did after we got everything done, they said, we want to test all these hooks before we launch a video. Like, how do you do that? And they're like, well, um, and what they did is a couple of things. Number one, they said, there's, um, there's a lot of different hooks and a thing. Right. One hook is like the headline that's going to hook you. Right. Nothing is the image. I think it's the video. Like there's a lot of different hooks. Right. And so what they did is they said, they, uh, they actually opened a Google doc with everyone on their team and our team. So they gave everyone right your best headlines possible. We're like 40 people that are already as many hooks as we can. A tons of them in there. Right. And then they went and wrote these ads that had, uh, they just had the hook of the headline on there and they drove it to Lanny pages that's coming soon. And all these hooks and they started running some traffic too. They spent, I think five to 10 bucks for every single hook, putting them all through there and within like a day or two, like these are the three headlines that converted the best out of all of those, just sending it to like a dead page. We invested like 150, 200 bucks. We knew now from that this, and then we got closer and closer, like this is the best headline of all of them. We tested. Then we knew what images are going to work the best. They take a whole bunch of images. They're another $150, $200 through a bunch of images and like, boom, this is the image. This headline, this image worked the best and they had intros. They had like five different intros of how to start the video. They had the one of the pretty girl coming in, the gold digger. They had another one. They had a bunch of different ones. We tested little intros of those videos and saw which one people watched the longest. And then before we launched the video, we knew this is the best headline. This is the best image and this is the best intro. And then we're going to do our best shot possible. Okay. It was fascinating. It's been probably 500 bucks on this testing process. We had the data back and went with our best shot. Okay. That's the same thing we're doing as we're publishing every day. We're testing hook after hook after hook. We're testing all these different things, testing the stories to figure out what are people resonating with. And then when we have a chance to finally sell something, we're putting our best, our best effort forward, right? Pretty our best shot forward. Um, and so that's kind of how this whole thing works. So the hooks lead to the story and they lead to the offer. So for you guys, as we're thinking through this right now, um, and this, again, this isn't just creating your product. This is everything from the ad, the click to the landing page of the upside. Everything is coming back to initially having this here. You need a pallet. You need like a toolkit, a bottom. We call it a whole place with all these different products in there. Cause from there we're testing all these things for creating offers and we're putting them all together. Does that make sense? Okay. We are doing pretty good on time. Let me see where I want to go from here. Um, oh, cool. Actually we're doing, I got probably, do you want to, do you have any questions on this? I probably got like five times. I can do a couple of questions real quick for me to move on. If anyone wants a question on this part at all. Unless I was clear as can be. Does anyone have a question on hook story offer before we, before we move on to the last piece here? Right behind you, John. Is this part of the, uh, perfect webinar? Cause it looks very familiar with the stuff that you've talked about regarding the perfect webinar. Good question. This question is this part of the perfect webinar. So, um, yeah. In fact, like I said right now, we're doing a rewrite of expert secrets. This is going to be coming right earlier in the book. Cause the problem I found with expert secrets as we rolled it out is, is people get into it and they get confused because I'm like, there's multiple like, uh, one thing, three secrets, different story, like a whole bunch of stories, but like it's, it's core essence initially. Um, like I can just give a hook, tell a story and sell an offer. Right. The perfect webinar is like, if we're selling more expensive things and we're trying to build it out, like it becomes, maybe there's a hook and for us, there's three stories, right? Story number one to break their, their, uh, beliefs about the vehicle story. Number two breaking the internal police story. Number three, we're telling multiple stories to be able to knock down the dominoes to make the offer easier to sell. So yes, as, as it evolves, more stories come in more things, but from the most foundational standpoint, this is it. If you want like the framework to sell anything, it's like hook story offer. And then as the thing you're selling becomes more complex, it's better stories. As more false beliefs come in, it's better stories. It's more stories. Like it keeps adding upon itself, but from the base foundation, like this is, this is the simplest form of how the whole process works. And especially from the traffic side, cause you know, this, the, the intent of this event is the traffic side. Like I'm not like most of my ads, the story is not super complex, right? It's a little quick video or it's a thing like they're shorter and the offers, like click on my thing, right? Come in here, hook them, tell the story, click on the thing. And so in that context, it's like the building box, the most simple form, but then it gets more complex as you get deeper to like, how do we do the presentation, how do we do, you know, things like that? It gets deeper and deeper. But from the core foundation, that's the, that's the process. Good question. Right over here. Oh. Got it. Okay. Um, so my question is Steven's got me thinking about the difference between art and science and, uh, Steven talked about that it's science, right? So, but I have a really hard time figuring out my stories. Do you have any advice on how to find your stories, cultivate them and the science of finding your stories and telling them in a good way where people can relate to them and they have a purpose. Yeah. Where's miles at? Is miles in the room? He may not be out. Okay. I'm going to tell you a funny story. So, um, those two know miles. I was, um, he came last week, traveled on two things with us and we're sitting there and he was like, you have a story about everything. I was like, I don't know. I'm like, everything's got a story. He's like, no, they don't. And we're sitting there and he has feet crossed and, uh, you don't have to come on. I was, I'm just telling the story about you. Um, but he's got his feet. I'm telling your story about your shoes. So he's sitting there and, um, I was like, what's the story about your shoes? He's like, they're just vans. I'm like, what's the story behind? He's like, I don't know. I like vans. I'm like, dude, there's a better story than that. Like you have to remember, like, what is the process of why you bought those? Like there's something that happened that made you do that. Right. And most of us think the story is the thing, but the story is not the thing. The story is everything that happened to you coming up to you experiencing and doing the thing. They get to go back in time. And most of us say, like, there's no story. They're just shoes with the zipper. Right. You don't hear my zipper. I can tell you a story of my zipper. So you're going to hear this. Okay. Here's my story on my shoes. Um, so we were in San Francisco. I bought the case. Me going deeper back. Okay. So two funnel hacking lives ago, Bart, he has no Bart Miller Bart was like, you joined intercircle and he's like, Russell, you look like a, like a 16 year old kid, your shirt's super baggy and you have t-shirts and it's really embarrassing. And I can't allow you as a friend to let you step on stage to be looking like that. And so like, he took me shopping, bought me skinny jeans and weird shirts and all sorts of stuff. And I was like, ah, and I didn't say that I spoke. This is two funnel hacking lives ago. And after a few like, man, have you lost weight? He looks so much better. I'm like, no, but I have skinny jeans on. They're like, whoa, you look, and I was like, weird that. Ah, anyway. And so bars make me dress this way for the last two years. And so the other day he sent me these things about, he's like, buy these shoes. And they were like some weird, freaky shoes. And I was like, ah, so I bought them. And then the cart next to it was like, people bought this also bought this. And they were these shoes with the zipper on it. I was like, those are cool. I think, but I don't really know. I don't know if I trust my judgment, but people bought this also bought that. So maybe it is. So, so I bought it, right? So then the shoes show up and I'm like, these are kind of cool. So I put them on and then I never seen shoes with zipper on the side. I was like, this is weird. So I zip them up and I'm like, huh, then we go to San Francisco. I happen to wear them there. So I'm in San Francisco and we're hanging out with Dan Usher. You guys don't know Dan. He was not here today, but he's, if you watch it in the funnel hacking live promotional videos, him and his team wanted to do all those where they're running around the room and do these cool, crazy videos. Blake is on his team running around here with videos. You probably see the, yeah, that's Blake. So, so Dan and Dan's like the coolest, like artsy guy. He's always got crazy hair and like, you know, dresses all cool. He's like the cool guy all the time. He's like, man, that guy's so cool. He was like oozing cool. I don't even know what to do around him. It's awkward. And so we're hanging out talking and I remember after the 10 X event, he was like, we need a shot of you in a helicopter flying over Mandalay Bay. I'm like, what? He's like, yeah, we need establishing shot for the 10 X video in a year from now so that they can see you looking over the over Mandalay Bay, like thoughtful. And then we'll start with that shot and then we'll zoom into Mandalay Bay. We sell $3 million dollars and 90 minutes. I'm like, you think things through really far out. He's like, yeah, I actually already booked the helicopter. They have a special kind of you can strip hook a strap on you like hanging out the window of the helicopter will fill me from behind looking Mandalay Bay. I'm like, are you kidding me? This is insane. It's an hour later. I'm literally in a helicopter strapped in sitting out hanging over flying over Mandalay Bay and I'm freaking out and I get these pictures. I think I'm so cool. And then after we land, Dan is like all upset. I'm like, what did not come out? And he's like, your shoes, like they suck. I'm like, what? He's like, why would you wear no shoes to fly over Mandalay Bay? I'm like, I didn't even notice my shoes. He's like, you could have had cool shoes. And I said, I was like, all paranoid about my shoes, right? So then fast forward to we're in San Francisco and we're hanging out with Dan and we're, and we're talking about Caleb Maddox. And it's funny because, because we're talking about Caleb and he has no Caleb. Like, I love Caleb. He's awesome. And we're talking about Caleb and, and, and Dan was, what do you say? Something happened and Dan's like, we must be successful. I'm like, how can you tell? He's like, well, he's got, he wears zippers on his shoes now. Like you can't get cheap shoes with zippers on him. I'm like, how much these zippers shoes cost? He's like, I don't know, two or three grand. I'm like, really? And he's like, what? He's like, why? I'm like, I looked down and like, dude, I have zippers on my shoes. He's like, what? You have zippers on your shoes? How much do you pay for those? I was like, I don't actually know the people who bought this also bought that. And I had, like, it was this weird thing, right? And so now I have zippers shoes and that's the whole story behind zippers shoes. So that was my shoes for crying out loud. How many of you guys can tell us? So, all right, so let me, I digress. So I'm sitting there with Miles in the airport and he's like, you tell stories about everything. Like, what's the story? And I was like, well, tell me the story about your shoes. Like, there's no story about my shoes. I just like them. I'm like, why do you like them? He's like, I don't know. I just buy them. I'm like, dude, there's a story. He's like, all right, there's a story. I'm like, okay, what is it? I'm like, the key to telling a story is not the thing. It's the journey of how you discovered the thing. He's like, well, a couple of years ago, I was like dating this girl. And before I took it on a date, like, I was like, you know, doing the thing. Check them out and try to figure out like what they like. And I noticed every single day she wore vans. I never had vans before, but I noticed that she wore vans every single day. So I was like, man, they must be cool. And she thinks they're cool. So if I had vans, I would think they're cool. So I went to the store and I didn't buy one about three pairs of vans because I was like, I don't know what outfit I'm going to make sure I have because I want to make sure I impress her. So about three pairs of vans and I wore them and I asked her on a date and then we both had vans on me. It's a really cool moment. And he's like, but ever since I've always had vans were cool. In fact, the only shoes I wear now and the only ones I own are vans all because I wanted to press that girl all those years ago. I was like, dude, now I care about your shoes. Right. How many of you guys have got miles, right? Dude, nice fans, right? Cause you care about it. All you guys now are like wondering how much I spent for these zipper shoes. Some of you guys have already Googled that you're like, how much of those zipper shoes actually cost Russell? Right. How much time do I do? Um, the keys in the story. And then we had some of the office Shane who's doing behind the scenes of all the one funnel waste stuff. Um, he, he's going through the training with every right now. And he's like, do you have stories for everything? And then, um, I was like, you do too. You just don't know how to tell him. He's like, no, I don't. Like, what's the story there? Cause he has a fan hooked to his desk. It's really awkward and really loud. And we always tease him. I'm like, what's the story about your fan right there? He's like, what do you mean? I'm like, why do you have fans? Like I get hot. I'm like, okay, that's a crappy story. I'm like, there's a story. Why do you have a fan on your desk? Like think back in your past. There's like, what happened that made you have a fan right now today. And even with all of us teasing, you still have a hook there. And he's like, well, oh, I know what happened. He's like, my old job, I would come in every day, be working and I'd be so hot. I'd be pouring sweat down my face. And I had to like take breaks all the time. I decided to cool off and my boss got so sick and tired of me taking breaks all the time. He bought me this fan and mounted it to my thing. He said, stop moving. Stop leaving your desk. This fan will keep you cool. He hooked it up and it was amazing. I kept myself cool. And like this fan, I've taken me from job to job to job and I never leave without it because I have to have it. I'm like way less productive because I sweat and I take these breaks all the time. And so now I have this fan. I say, dude, why don't you tell us that day number one? We would stop teasing you. That's an amazing story. You should have a fan. Don't take breaks. Right. It's amazing. But for, but for all of you guys, there's a story of why see more in capitalist picture. There's a story. Why is he wearing this? Lucky hat. There's a story. Want to know his story? I'll tell you what the story is. How many of us want to hear the story? Last year, Funnel Hacking Live, I made butchers by think I'm right. Tony Robbins comes out on stage as a giant and he's got a lucky hat on. He's bouncing around and Steven like me has a fat head. Am I right? I can't wear hats, but Tony Robbins come on stage and Tony's the only human being who's got a bigger head than me or Steven combined. Right. And he's like, he looks really good in this lucky hat. And then afterwards, Steven had a chance to talk to him and he's like, hey, nice hat. And Tony's like, oh yeah, I own equity in the company. And Steven's like, oh my gosh. And then every day since then, Steven's worn a lucky hat. Isn't that amazing? Okay. Every single one of you has a story about why you do what you do. If I ask you like, oh, because I like purple shirts. No, you don't. There's a reason why you actually wear a purple shirt. Okay. You just have to get better at like remembering the reason why. Okay. So it's not magic. It's just going back in time and like trying to think through that thing. Okay. It's giving it's giving the report of like how you got to the spot. And that's the magic in telling stories. He's just remembering that because obviously like no one cares about my story. No one cares. The fact my boss bought me a fan. No one cares that the girl from night of day and time liked the vans. No, we do. That's why we care. If you tell that story and the next level of that is you start weaving in the emotion of it, right? The coolest thing about human beings is really weird thing called empathy. Right. So as I talk to you, you're going to feel if I do it right, you will feel what I feel. Right. So if I'm like, Hey, I came to the office and I was really tired and then I worked really hard and then went home and I was super tired. You're like, okay, why do I care? If I'm like, Hey, so last night I came in because I'm working on these slides for this event and I was really excited and I was kind of stuck on this thing. I couldn't figure out this concept. I knew kind of what it was. I can't figure it out. So I came in and we're remodeling our office. So there's no deaths and stuff. So I'm on this, on the floor, sitting down, bent over, doodling on these pads for hours, I'm ripping and I'm doodling, I'm ripping and I'm doing them. I'm having a good time with it. But man, like my back was just like, like I could feel the pain in my back and it just hurt and got so much tension. I stand up, I had like stretch, just get my back to her, but it hurts so bad. And like it was just painful. I'm sitting there. I had stretch every 15 to 20 minutes and I sit back down and I'd work again. I get going, but after a while I could feel the pain. I would start on the top of my neck and we go down towards my feet. And at the point I got so bad, I had to stop and I stand up again. I have to stretch again, walk around and then get back down, sit on the ground again, keep doing that. I could do that for the whole day. So now to say like, my back is just like super, super stiff. It's really, really weird. How many of you guys right now is your back kind of like, you can like, you're like super conscious of your spine right now. Isn't that weird as humans? So we have to learn is like, as you're talking about the experience, you don't just say, I felt happy. I felt sad. You explain what you're feeling. If I explained like, man, my hands were sweating and like, it was really weird. Um, like they were red, but like they were cold. You know, I feel like the cold and back side of like, they're like, it was wet on this side, like warm and wet. It was just really weird feeling more nervous. I got like the more wet it got and my, but my fingers like blue and my knuckles were cold. I was just kind of freaking out and like, how many of you guys are your hands sweating right now? Right. That's what happens with humans. Like we have empathy. So when I talk about experiences, your body will actually experience what I'm explaining. So I'm telling a story. I'm not like, Oh, I was sad. Oh, I was happy. If I was miles telling the story, I'll talk about it like, man, I had butterflies in my stomach. Cause it was the first time and like, I, I, I want to ask her date, but I was nervous, I was excited. And as I was going to the store, I was like, ah, this is embarrassing. I'm even doing this, but, but I knew that like, if I had that connection point, it wouldn't be awkward the first time we talked, right? Cause you know how awkward it is the first time I like, if we both had Vans, maybe it'll, it'll make this easier. And as I'm telling the story, you guys are feeling the butterflies with me. You remember the first time you went on a date, like all these things are happening subconsciously and you're feeling what I'm feeling. Okay. So I need to get you to have this epiphany. If I'm using, if I'm taking you on this journey and I'm using those kind of things and explaining how my body is feeling, your body will feel the same things and you will actually be in the same state. I was in when I had my epiphany. And if I do that, you're more likely to have the same epiphany I did. It's not guaranteed, but you're more likely to, if you're in the same state that I was in when I experienced that, you're more likely to experience it as well. Okay. So the story is all about state control. I'm trying to tell you a story that will engage you, it'll change your state. So you feel the way that I felt as I was experiencing it. And if I can do that, the likelihood is then you're going to have the, the, the, the epiphany, the same one that I had, if we're in that, in that zone, does that make sense? So those are the things I'm looking for is figuring out the backstory, telling it. Don't be, and most of us are like, Oh, no one wants to hear the story. No one wants to hear, like, don't, like, forget about that. Like tell the story and go deep into it on your podcast, on your blog, whatever you're doing, whatever meeting you pick, start practicing. This is what you should be practicing, telling your story, doing the backstory, going through it. If you need a script, go to expert secrets. It's the epiphany script. We have the process. We have the question, just answer the questions, but go into it. Like what's the backstory? What's the wall you hit? What's the pain? What's the, like just tell the process, but telling the story and like actually talking about how you felt, which for us, men, it's really, really difficult. In fact, I had this thing with Dave the other day. Days been working really hard on, on storytelling, but Dave's also like the manliest man ever. Like he literally, I don't know if you guys knew this. He like had something happen in his back. We had no feelings in his feet for like a year and he's at my house, they're lifting weights, being tough. He's running and all these things. And like, eventually I'm like, he's like, getting the point, it's getting worse and worse. He can barely stand. I'm like, are you okay? I feel great. I'm like, I don't think you do. Like I'm pretty sure you're messed up. But finally with a doctor and he had like some bone thing growing out. It's like poking into his nerves and like he can barely feel anything. And like, and like they go in and cut it out and he's feeling better. But like, he's just like, like, I'm, I'm tough. I'm fine. And then I'm watching his stories and one day I messed with my Dave. I know why you're struggling with your story. He's like, why? I'm like, you're too tough. You have to share your feelings. I'm telling you my feelings. I'm like, I know if you want people to connect, you have to tell them your feelings, tell them you're in pain. The reason people connect with me is so I can play it about everything. Right. When I come in the office, like people are going to know if I'm tired or if I'm sad or if I'm happy or I'm angry, I'm going to tell them the reason why. And they're going to connect with me and Dave's going to walk in all tough and excited, right? Which is the fun and exciting. But like, if you want people to connect with you, you got to tell this, you got to open up your feelings, which is hard. That's why we're testing this. That's what we're practicing. We're publishing. We're getting more comfortable sharing it and you're doing it more often and you're doing it more often, the more you do it, eventually you realize, oh my gosh, these things I'm so scared about telling people is the exact reason why people are coming to me. Isn't that weird? The stuff that we're so scared of sharing, the stuff that we're, we're born about, we don't want to share things we don't want to open up or the exact things that are going to bring our audience to us. Okay. So don't be afraid of it. Um, Nick Bailey said at last nurse's local meeting, he said that your mess, your mess becomes your message. And while we're in the middle of a mess, it's like freaky and scary. We don't want to talk about it. Man, that will become your message. And the more willing you are to open up, the more people will come to you and more people live to be able to change. Right. Um, all right. Okay. I'm going to transition to the last piece here. It's just going to tie a lot of these things together, hopefully. And then we'll break for lunch here in a second. Um, our hook story offer. So there is the doodle of what we doodled. Um, if I take a picture of that, um, I'm going to come back this weekend a lot over the potential product. So I want to make sure you guys are thinking through that. We're not going to take time right now, but start thinking like, what are the different pieces that I could create? What are all the, the byproducts? A lot of times what we're creating this is like, you create the thing. What are the byproducts of the stuff you created? Right. Um, Liz, Betty, when she launched her first webinar, she was teach people of social media, how to become a social media manager. Right. So she created her product, which is the trading course on it. And then she's like, what else? Like, what should it be all my bonuses? And I was like, well, what's the byproducts of all like of what you did? And most of the thing like, like, okay, this is going to be a six hour training. This will be a six hour. And like you're creating your offer, like just more stuff. Most of your people don't need more stuff. They don't need more trading. In fact, one of the biggest things we found about this program when we launched initially, I gave you guys access to everything on planet earth. Right. That's probably the worst thing I kind of done. Next year, I guarantee you we're cutting out all that crap. We're giving you guys a very simple as path. It's like, you can only listen to this right now. Right. Because we're giving people everything. Like lasting people needs more stuff. Right. And that's a mistake I've made multiple times. And then for Liz, she's like, I can do this. And I'm like, no, don't create another course. I was like, what's the buy, like the most valuable thing will be the byproducts of what you have created in the process of this thing. Right. And there's all you're trying to get for people. And she's like, well, as a social media manager, I paid a lawyer like $3,000 straight contracts for me. I was like, that one piece of paper is more valuable than another like 22 hour training to people. Like I paid a guy three grand. You wrote a contract. I'll give you my contract. You can use for your clients. Boom. One piece of paper. Super valuable. Uh, Robbie summers and I created a product called high take a secrets back in the day. Okay. Is a thousand dollar course. It's two pieces of paper. And Robbie talking about the two pieces of paper. That's it. That was an hour course. Right. The two people's piece of the paper on the sales script we use to sell hundreds of millions of dollars of things on the phone. Okay. It doesn't have to be this big thing. It's like the, the byproduct, what you're doing. That's, that's the magic. Right. So think about like what, like you're trying to figure out what products you're creating. It's the byproduct of all the stuff that you're doing. Right. Anyway. Um, all right. So the last thing we'll talk about today, just to kind of tie some of these things we've been, we've been talking about together is how do you start growing your show? Right. You're publishing, you're putting this show out there. How do you start growing it? Um, so I'm just going to show you guys this image here. This is, this is really it. Okay. When you start your show and people ask them how much I do an interview show. Should I just have me talking? How should I do it? And the answer is both. Um, you should be doing both things. And there's a strategy behind all of them. Right. I think initially you first start a podcast or a blog or a Facebook or whatever you're doing, it should be just you. It should be you telling your origin story. Should you testing your material? You telling stories? You learning these things like starting there and start doing anything. And again, the goal of it at the end is to get some kind of results. Right. I'm going to take you on the journey as I try to figure out this thing. Okay. My podcast and the marketing secrets thing is my podcast, my journey of like me starting a software company to making it worth a billion dollars. Right. It's the journey I'm taking people on when I'm learning every single step of the phase. Okay. So whatever your result is, that's what you're taking people on this journey. And you're telling your story, telling your stories, telling your stories. And then you're like, Oh my gosh, here's my dream 100. I want to, I want to build a relationship with that person. They can help serve my audience. They've got really good stuff helps as well. Let me bring them on the show. Okay. Now I built this connection point with them. I interview them. Right. Now I have this piece. Now what a lot of people do is they interview some of the show and they don't do anything with it afterwards. Like, cool, I got someone sort of be on my show and then they forget about it. I got someone sort of be on my show. I forget about it. Okay. If you look at the people that are doing this very strategically, very, very well, every interview should like dramatically increase your, your shows following. Right. For example, the other day, Mark joined my very first mentor ever. I'm obviously a huge fan of his. I've been following him for years. He posted the, in his Facebook page, like, Hey, so, so there's interview. A cool guy. He's check out my interview. I was like, huh, I've been listening to interview from Mark for probably five or six years. So I was like, huh, so I clicked on it, took me over to iTunes. I subscribed to this thing. I found Mark's interview. Let's do it. I listened to 90 minutes to this guy interview and Mark or 60 minutes. This guy interview and Mark and I was like, suck back into Mark. Join. I loved it. I was like, this guy, like, it was so cool to reconnect with one of my first mentors and to hear him talk again. And now I'm subscribed to that guy's podcast. And every single day of my podcast feed, I see the new podcast coming in. Because the interview Mark, now I'm listening to his podcast. Never would have before. Never knew who he was mad prior to that. But now I'm subscribed to show. Okay. Um, when, um, um, when Mike Diller launched, uh, the self made man podcast, he did a really, really good job of this. He was very strategic in who he picked along the thing. Right. And it wasn't just like random people. He had like a journey of taking people on. He's like, who's the first person that my customers in here. He was the second. Who's the third. Who's the fourth. And then he interviewed the person and it wasn't just interviewed in the fall the way. He interviewed him. I know because I got interviewed on the show. He interviewed it. And then afterwards he made this really cool image of like me and him. It was like amazing and really, really good. And he sent it to me and a bunch of like social media links stuff. He's like, here, you don't have to promote this, but if you want to, here's all the assets to promote it. And I was like, Oh my gosh, this stuff looks amazing. So I posted it on my, on my Facebook fan page. I posted it on my Instagram. I posted four or five places and I just put a bunch of things out there. And he earned his way into my audience. He didn't, I didn't, he didn't pay me for that, but he gave me these glasses. I put it in, right? So he earned his way in. But the second thing he did is then he took the same assets he created and then he logged into Instagram, Facebook, you'd, every single channel that I'm on. And then he marketed the fact that I was speaking to all of my audiences, right? And for the next like two or three weeks, anybody who was Russell Brunson fans saw me and Mike, every single page and tons of our friends and followers and fans started going to Mike's podcast and subscribing to the self-made man and to hear my podcast. And now they're in the feed. Now they're probably showing they hear over and over and over and over again. Okay. So you're growing the show. You're taking yourself on this journey. And I would, I would strategically do this. Like, I think most of you guys know, like, if you're going to get this result, what are the steps, right? Like in my world, I know if someone's going to do a result, first I do a fair who's their customer, they got to figure out what are they selling and they got to figure out how to build a funnel and how to do sales message and how to drive traffic. There's all these, these pieces in the customer journey, right? So I would figure out, okay, now I know the different pieces in this customer journey. Like I'm going to talk about this three or four episodes and maybe I'll find who's someone that could provide value in that. I'm going to bring that person in. Boom. I'm going to get the interviews to help people in the, in the, in the, who are listening to the interview to be able to like learn that same topic from somebody else. And I'm going to take that to leverage it to grow my show and then go to the next three or four episodes and be talking about my thing and then find the next person that can bring more value to what I'm talking about. Boom. These are to leverage the show and keep doing that. And what's going to happen is in the interim, I'm going to build tons of relationships with my dream 100. I'm going to get my customers, my clients and myself faster to our result. And it's going to grow my show and grow my platform. So the end of 12, 12 months from now, and if you guys have been doing this for 12 months for now, you don't have the static thing with like three followers. You actually have a thing that's thriving, that's growing. You have a following people were listening to you or watching you or reading you. You understand, like when people are following you in these situations, like you have access to them and they're like their most intimate moments, right? Think about a podcast. Like when do people listen to a podcast? It's like they put it in when they're on the treadmill, the gym, nothing else happening. They're listening to you and like you have full attention of their mind for an hour, right? And they're listening to the thing or they're driving and they're listening or they're home in bed and they can't fall asleep. They're listening. You have like full control of their brain. If someone's reading a blog post, it's not even doing 20 things at once. You can't do 20 things once your blog posts. Like they're there. They get a notification on the app. They stop everything in the world. They stop and you have their mind shares. They're reading the thing, right? Same thing Facebook live. It digs up. You pop like it's amazing. Like what people give us their attention to. It's weird now. Like we'll put out a video and it's maybe a 30 minute video and then you can watch the back end, like how much of you time. And I'm like, oh my gosh, like that video wasted 40 hours or excuse me, not 40 hours, 40 years of time were wasted watching this video. If you took it like end to end all human beings, like in a timeline, it's crazy. And people giving you that attention. So like this whole world like traffic, sales, ascension, all these things we're talking about is all based on the attention that your customers are willing to give you. Okay. And so it's like, it's a sacred thing. And when you start thinking about like how many hours are invested in the stuff you're doing, like just this room right now, we've been ongoing. How many five, let's say 10 hours today, right? We'll go through it. 10 hours times all your guys time. Like how many hours of time did we just invest in this? Right? Like it's a sacred thing. Like I don't take that lightly. That's why I have been killing myself preparing this stuff for you guys. Cause I'm like, I don't want to waste anyone's time here. Cause I was one person's time times how many people we have 300 people in the room here. That's a lot of time we all wasted, right? And so understand that as you're doing it, like, like it's a huge service. What people are giving you their attention, but at the same time you have a chance to serve them every sometime you're doing that, right? And so this is really how you should be looking strategic of growing your show, telling your stories, practicing your hooks, practicing your stories, putting everything, testing your material, bringing in somebody who can emphasize what you talked about and going back, doing it, doing it, re-bringing it back in. And Julie and I were kind of brainstorming some stuff before she does this fastening. This is really cool. Actually, we'll talk about your 12 months topics, things like that. You got the micro there. This is how she kind of structure her content, which is fitness concept. Very, very similar as well. Yeah. So for those of you guys who are like, I don't know what to talk about. I, you know, I can't think of any topics. What I would do is take, you know, let's just say Russell's show, sales funnels. I would first go on a piece of paper and write 12, like, subtopics to sales funnels. And so just shout them out. What would they be? Like ads, copy, design, offer creation, traffic, right? Like social media, all the things related to sales funnels, write 12 topics. Then start with the, with number one and write four, like little niche subtopics under that main one. So if you were like, okay, design. So then the four would be like, hey, good ad creatives. That would be one little one. Then the second one would be like, oh, the best landing pages. And then the third one would be like, you know, the best sales pages and what have you, the fourth one be like best e covers for info products, right? And you write four little, like niche topics underneath those 12. And now you've got a year's worth of topics for a once a week show. And then you take that once a week show, you publish it, and then you can what we call sawdust it, where you take like all the little spin off things off of it. And those can become Instagram captions and those can become, you know, Facebook posts and what have you. And there's no reason why you can't have a year's worth of shows in like an hour. And I batch all my content and I just run through and I like record them all. I do it like Peng June style. Is he in the room? Yeah. He, oh my God, his fun hacking presentation was amazing. Um, so anyway, that's, that's how you come up with the topics for shows. Give her a round of applause. Another thing I would say on top of that is like, this is not for you every single time, remember? And it can be like, okay, I'm going to have four things and then interview someone. Right. And some of you guys are like, I'm going to do it weekly. Something gives me a daily. It's going to be like, I think the more you publish, the better it's going to be. Um, but something has like, it's going to be three days a week, five days a week, seven days a week, one day we like figure out, figure out whatever your schedule is going to be and then be consistent with it and be consistent. And like the biggest thing I would say, let's just say like this week, my topic is going to be blah. Let's say it's going to be YouTube ads. Right. So it's going to be like, okay, I'm going to talk about one strategy one day and I'm going to tell a story the next day and those story next day and those story next day and bring on an expert the next day. And like, you see how it works. Like it gives me five or six times to test different stories, different material. I'm testing this story one day, this story, this story, this story, this story. I test five or six stories. I'm like, cool. This week I did five or six stories all based on that topic. That's the one that nailed it. That's the one that people are freaking out about. That's when I felt the best I was doing. I like, I know that story. And I'm going to remember that like every time I write YouTube ads, that's the story I'm going to tell. Okay. Prior to me telling my potato gun story, I had five or six different stories I told. Right. My first product actually wasn't potato gun. My very first product was called zip brander. I told that story too. And guess what? Didn't land nearly as much as a potato gun. For some reason people were like, potato guns, are you serious? Like that was the story that like connected people more. So I'm like, cool. That's the story I'm going to tell. They're both true stories. I have multiple stories, but that was the one as I was telling it. And that's when I keep telling it over and over and over again. Cause I knew that of all the different hooks I tried to convince people of certain things. That's the one that landed the best. Right. And it goes over and over and over again. Does that make sense? All right. So there's the path to start growing your ads.