How many guys are excited for today? I'm not gonna lie, I'm insanely nervous for this and excited and everything all wrapped into one and I'm grateful you guys came. Every time we put an event on you can ask my team. I'm always stressed out and no one's gonna show up. So like this morning I was in the back of the room and then people start coming in like okay now we can do this. So super excited to be here with you guys and this is fun when we first launched the If you call it like a coaching program this was never gonna be part of it. This was not the plans and then a few months ago we started working on the third book in the trilogy called Traffic Secrets. How many guys are excited for it? And some of the backstory behind it. So if you want to hear how I write books and maybe this will shortcut some of your guys' process. So when I wrote the .com Secrets book I remember we wrote the entire first thing and spent like six months writing it and like it got done. I remember reading it and I was like it's not very good and I wasn't proud of it. In fact at the Drybar Comedy Club last week somebody asked me like what's one of the biggest things I learned from my dad. And the story I told was when I was like how old was I? I was probably I don't know 11 or 12 years old and my dad gave me a job to go clean the family car. So I went out and I cleaned the car and I did my quick job real quick and I came back and I said okay dad the car's clean, I'm gonna go and play. I'm like do you want to come look at it and see real quick. And he said well are you proud of it? I was like what do you mean? He's like well you're proud of it. I'm like I don't know come look at it see if it's done. He said well when you're proud of it then it's done. He said so are you proud of it? I'm like I don't know. So I went back in the car and I started cleaning. I did like a really deep dive and cleaned it really really good and I came back and said okay dad the car's clean. He said are you proud of it? I'm like yeah. He's like okay good you can go now. And it was like this huge lesson. You never even looked to the car but as soon as I was proud of it then he knew it was done. I remember when we finished the first draft of .com secret and we were reading it and I was like I'm not proud of it. And so I was like I'm gonna start over from scratch. And so I deleted the entire manuscript and then I was like how do I do this? And so I sent an email out to at the time we had a program called .com secrets ignite. And if you guys are in that program back in the day you got a couple ignitors. Anyway I sent an email to the people. I'm like I'm trying to write this book. I'm all screwed up. I'm gonna do an event in Boise in like I think it was like a month away. I'm gonna teach all this stuff. If you guys want to come please come. And we ended up getting about 100 people who came and for three days I stood on stage and I taught the .com secrets process. And what was cool about it is like as I'm teaching it I can see in people's eyes where they're like what is he talking about? And I'm like oh crap I need to tell them this so they understand this. And so I had to go like re-figure out and between breaks I'm like shifting my things. I've got my notes. I'm re-moving things around and I'm truly teaching it. And then till everyone had the light bulbs and I spent three days teaching that and then went home that night and like read to the whole outline and then I started writing the book which then became .com secrets. And then fast forward like a year and a half later because after that I was like that was so much pain I'm never gonna write a book again ever. I was actually literally here in Phoenix, Arizona. I was at an event with Dave Woodward and Dave and I were talking on the flight over and I was like man I will never write a book again. He's like yeah it was a lot of pain huh. I'm like you have no idea how much pain goes into a book. And then that night I went to dinner and at dinner I was sitting with Dean Grasio. See how many of you guys know Dean? I've seen Dean's ads. Dean's a man. I was sitting there and it was the first time we probably the second time we'd ever met but the first time we had a chance to actually sit and talk and we're sitting there across and they're talking about all the much stuff. And in the middle of dinner I get this impression that I need to write a book and it's gonna be called Expert Secrets. And I was like no I don't want to write a book called Expert Secrets. But I bought the domain and like two years earlier I'm like I do have the domain. That is a good domain. It would kind of fit. My mind is going and Dean's talking about it. I don't even remember what. And then all of a sudden by the end of it I was like I gotta write this book. So I went in that night and I'm like Dave I'm writing a book it's called Expert Secrets and then Dave did the Dave thing. He starts freaking out. We're freaking out right now. And then I sat down and we wrote the first draft of the whole book. And then I remember I was at Family. I was at Family Vacation in Bear Lake in Utah and it was like 11 or 12 o'clock at night. I went to go do my final edit of the manuscript and I started reading through it. And about three or four pages in I was like I'm not proud of this. I don't like it. And this is back when Snapchat was still around. Do you remember Snapchat? I guess it's still around probably. So I get out. How many of you remember this? I got out Snapchat. I was like seriously, I managed to read the book. It was like 250 pages. And on Snapchat I highlighted the whole thing and I clicked delete and I clicked save and I was like it's gone. Do you remember seeing that? I was like oh my gosh. And then like the next week I was flying to Kenya. So I'm flying to Kenya. I'm in the plane. I brought like 40 books with me. I'm rereading all these books about all sorts of stuff. I mean Kenya, I remember I'm in this little car on this bumpy road for four hours with this book and I'm reading in a highlight of my dry notes and doing all sorts of stuff. And in the middle of that bumpy ride also I have the a-ha of like oh my gosh this is what the framework needs to be. And I start geeking out and I was in Kenya the whole time and then I landed and boys they have to come from Kenya and the next day we had an event with Minor Circle, the first expert secrets event. How many of you guys were that? Anyone of you guys that one? A few of you guys were that one? And for three days I taught the expert secrets framework. And it was the same thing. There were parts where I was like I'm going to spend 15 minutes on this concept and I started explaining it and everyone's like glossed over their eyes. I'm like is this making sense? And they're like no. And I remember one session specifically where at a 15 minute session I've taken three hours to get the point where I can make sense and people are like oh that's how to actually teach it. And then we wrote the expert secrets book and then yeah. So that was twice that I wrote a book, deleted it and then wrote another book which is a lot more painful. And so this time when we decided it was funny because in the middle of the expert secrets book launched literally like day three of the launch and I had said multiple times like I will never write a book again. And then in the middle of that launch I still remember because we were having an event during the launch it was like chaos a little bit. I got a Facebook messenger from John Reese who owned Traffic Secrets. The background of the two second backstory of that. John Reese was the first person in our industry to do a million dollars in a day selling a course called Traffic Secrets. And this was back man 14, 15 years ago. And so for me it was like Traffic Secrets was the thing that gave me belief in this whole industry. I saw a human being just like me a dude who puts on his pants just like I do zips up his shoes. I have zippers on my shoes. I had to throw that in there. Ties his shoes. There's a whole funny backstory that I can't tell you right now. Ties his shoes the same way that I do right? And I was like and he made a million dollars in a day, 18 hours to be specific. I'm like if some dude can make a million dollars in a day I wonder if I can make a million dollars in a year. And I was like okay and that gave me belief and for me it was like belief that I needed. And as soon as I had belief and I knew it was possible then I could run and I could do it. And if you guys noticed like 90% of what I do is try to give you guys belief because this business is not that hard. If you believe it then you can do it. And so Traffic Secrets was big for me so when John messaged me and said hey I'm selling off all my assets you'd be interested in buying Traffic Secrets. In the middle of the book launch I was like we can have a trilogy. Oh my gosh this is better than Star Wars. I have like totally freaking out and I was like this is going to be an emotional purchase and I'm going to spend way too much money for it but I have to have this domain and so we ended up buying it from him and then we did a Fun Locker TV like we're writing a third book in the middle anyway if you go back to the old episodes you can see it. And anyway so fast forward now to a couple months ago we started talking to the publisher and figure out publishing dates and all that kind of stuff and it was like I know now when I had book has to be done we actually have the launch day. Everything is planned out now and I was like I need to write this book so I was like okay I'm going to start writing it and I was like wait a minute remember what happened the last two times Russell don't start writing it yet. Do an event first and then teach it and then people are confused and you can fix it on the fly and then you can write afterwards and that was the idea and now you guys are all here and this is my first chance ever teaching this in its entirety. And so the good side is that you guys are going to hear all about it first. The bad side is that this is not like a normal Russell Brunson event where every slide is scripted out and perfect. This is like my playground to like discover this stuff with you guys. Honestly last three days of my life I've been so deep in this and if you guys have been watching Instagram I've been up super late up early I've been doodling stuff. I brought all my doodles because I didn't want to lose like the vision of like everything I was sketching out they're all like these papers are all over my floor my office like I'm ripping them up and throwing them and try to figure out the easiest way to simplify this and explain it and so that's kind of what's going to happen. So forgive me if there's times if I see you're confused I'm going to go deeper and try to figure things out until we so there might be some of those kind of things but that's the fun creative process and so that's kind of what's happening over the next two days here so I appreciate you guys letting me test this material on you guys but at the same time hopefully you guys will get a ton of a haze and be able to see traffic and things that you're trying to do from a different level. That's really the game plan. Okay so first thing I want to do is kind of set up this entire next two days with you guys because some of you guys are going to come here and you're going to go through this experience and then you're going to leave tomorrow night. You're going to hear Saturday as well because Alex is here but you're going to leave my session tomorrow night and you're like Russell never talked about Facebook ads. I thought this was a traffic course. He never once opened the ad manager. He didn't even show us like Google ads or didn't show us like any like he didn't talk about that at all. I thought this was a traffic event I'm so confused so I'm going to dress that like right now so we're going to talk about in two days when you're angry at me okay. Is that right? This is this is there's a couple reasons. Number one how many of you guys think I've ever logged into Facebook ad manager? I actually did once I thought I broke Facebook it was so funny. I clicked on the button also all these numbers and spreadsheets and stuff. I got like John John get in here you came in here I'm like what is this he's like that's how we run the ads I'm like oh my gosh that is stressful holy crap. It made me a little bit nervous. But the focus of this because I every book I've written I've wanted to write in a way that's evergreen traffic shifts all the time. I didn't want to teach something that by Wednesday is out of date. I didn't want to talk about something that shifts and I look at I've been in this business out for 50 this is my 15th year in this business and I can tell you guys is like a word of warning I feel like my my duty to you guys and to our community as a whole is to try to see what's happening and try to give everybody what they need to be able to weather the storms. There's a storm coming and why do you guys prepare for that? A lot of you guys have had it really really easy and really really good because you log in to Facebook ads you run ads and you're making money and it's amazing. But I've been around to 15 years now and when I first got started there was this magic site out there called Google. Do you guys remember that? And back Google was back how Facebook is right now. Anybody with an idea could throw up a Google ad and you were rich. Literally anybody had friends who were like not much smarter than like this pad of paper right here making tons of money. Right you logged in you picked a keyword you spent a little bit of money and you made a bunch of money and like everyone thought they were geniuses everything was like amazing and then the storm came and somebody in the inner circle called this the other day. How many of you guys have seen Avengers? The last one I can't remember who was that said this but you guys remember Thanos? So Thanos is going around getting all the source or the all the different stones because his goal is he wants to if he he thinks there's too many people populating the world right? So he's getting all these things and he gets all the the stones in his glove. If he snaps then half of the world dies half the population of the entire universe dies. Now there's not a people on earth. And so what happened back then was the exact same thing Thanos came and snapped his finger and overnight half the businesses died. Literally gone and the ones that survived guess who they were. They were not people like us it was the big brands it was Ford Chevy people who had like 18 billion dollar year advertising budgets who weren't tracking response or anything like that. Those are people who survived people like us got kicked out. I remember for about two or three year period time after that happened most of the people I knew disappeared and never came back to this world since then. All of them working day jobs doing whatever now because Thanos snapped their business died and it was over right? Then a little while later that's when SEO started becoming a thing. How many of you remember this era of the internet marketing world? It was fun right? Like it was so fun. I can tell you so many fun stories about that time but it was amazing because literally you would go and you would just throw up crap stuff and you'd be ranked and you start making sales and it was super easy and it was amazing. And then some of you guys who haven't been around a long time may have heard rumors about the Google Slap right? It was the Google Slap where was the next Thanos snap. Boom half the businesses died. Most of the people aren't around anymore right? And then smart marketers like figured out how to beat the algorithm and then came back and we were doing really good again and then boom the snap. And then we did it again boom the snap. And I watched over and over and over for the next five, 10 years businesses dying and just like cutting people out. And then luckily the next phase came and it was Facebook. And Facebook came and it's been easy, it's been amazing. It's been like one of the greatest gifts for us as a community. But I feel that it's going to change again. I think that's going to happen. Zuckerberg literally got Thanos' glove or Thanos' glove and we call it Thanos because Zuckerberg. So Thanos has got the glove and at any minute he could snap and half our businesses disappear. And so I look at like what's the difference between me and our company versus all the people I've known in the last 15 years. I had people who were making insane amounts of money who were unemployed right now. All happening in the last 15 years because there's been the ups and the downs and the ups and the downs and the ups and the downs. So my question is like how have we protected ourselves? Okay and I think a big part of it is because I didn't ever focus on the tactics. Okay and there's a day and a time and a place for tactics like how do you actually run the ad? How do you actually do these things? But the reason why we have survived 15 years as a company, the reason why we're growing the rate we are now is not because of the tactics, it's because we understand the overarching strategy of how traffic and how traffic works. Okay and I didn't learn this from some internet marketing gurus. I was blessed and lucky enough 12 years ago now to get in groups with people like Dan Kennedy, Bill Glazer, Gary Halbert, like the old school guys who were teaching these strategies from a direct mail standpoint from radio ads, from TV ads, from cold calling, fax blasting. These are the guys I learned from way back in the day before there was a Facebook. Right? Fax blasting was amazing and then guess what happened? The government they know snapped this finger and the entire thing disappeared overnight. It wasn't just half. But this is where I learned from these guys back then and so when the internet came around they're all like skeptical. Have you ever listened to Kennedy talk about the internet? He thinks it's a fad that's going away soon, right? But his big thing is like he's like you have to understand the internet is just media, just like TV, radio, it's just media and if you understand the strategies have media works, then it works anything. So these are the guys I learned from back in the day. So when things started coming and going and the ups and the downs, like the reason why we survived and thrived through those periods was not because I understood how to run a Facebook ad. I don't know that to this day. Okay, so I understood the overarching strategy of how you get traffic, how you get eyeballs, how you get people's attention. Okay, and so that's what this event is going to be about. It's helping us understand the overarching strategy because if you do that, when Zenos Zuckerberg snaps his finger or the next ad platform or whatever the next thing is, you guys will be protected. I feel that's my duty to you guys as a community is to make sure you guys are protected and that's why this book is happening, why it's happening now. And so that's kind of the overarching reason for this event and this book and everything. Everything we talk about will be evergreen. It'll work today, it'll work tomorrow, it'll work with, it would have worked with Friendster, it would have worked with MySpace, it works with Facebook, and it'll work for the next thing as well. Who here remembers Friendster? A couple of you guys? All right, so that is what we're going to be going through. Two more things I'll talk about really quick. I'm going to start with Myron. All right, so this morning, how many of you guys love Myron Golden? Woo! Every time he opens his mouth, I just stop and just wait for amazingness to happen. Anyway, this morning he came and he was like, hey Russell, guess what? I got this little book and he started talking and five minutes later I was like, oh my gosh, where's my phone? I have to buy this book and they started talking about this concept. And he was like, I know why people who we work with don't have success sometimes. And he's like, this is a pattern. And I was freaking out. I'm like, can I put it on stage before we start and explain it to everybody? Because this will help everybody so much. And he's like, I don't know, Russell, I don't like being on stage with microphone. Said Myron never. He's like, of course, I would love to talk about that. So he agreed to come up. I wanted him to preset this because it's going to help all of you guys to take this information internalize this. Let's see if Myron a huge round of applause. He comes on stage. Thank you. First of all, thank you. Thank you, Russell. So I was like, those of us who teach this kind of stuff, like what Russell is teaching you now and what you're all of you signed up to learn, you know, the million dollars, how to make a million dollars, get into the two comic club, all that stuff. You know, one of the things I discovered is, and one of the frustrations I've had, I'm sure Russell's had the same frustration over the years as we teach this stuff to people and then they don't do it. You're like, man, why didn't they do it? How many of y'all know what I'm talking about? Yes? Okay. So how many of you are already in the two comic club? Congratulations. Give those folks a hand. How many of you would like to be in the two comic club? You're not there yet, but you'd like to be in the two comic club by funnel hacking live. Okay, that's a lot. Give those folks a hand. All right. So I'm going to tell you how to do that. And I know that sounds like you're going to tell me how to do that. Yeah, I'm going to tell you how to do that because I discovered something. I spent a long time as an entrepreneur struggling. So, you know, sometimes you look at Russell say, yeah, it's easy for him. He's Russell. He's got Russell powers. Oh, it's easy for him. He's Myron. He's got Myron powers or it's easy for this person because they've got special powers, but everybody has special powers. And what happens is I noticed when I first started as an entrepreneur in network marketing back in 1985 before many of you were born that people who were successful, they were making seemed like a lot of money back then they were making 10,000 a month and 20,000 a month and 30,000 a month, which sounded like, like how in the world can you spend that much money? They'd say things and I had an attempt to do what I thought I heard them say, but then it didn't work. Right. How many of y'all feel that way sometimes, right? I attempted to do what I thought I heard them say and it didn't work. Okay. So then then fast forward 14 years, people say, Myron, you're an overnight success. I know it was a 14 year night, 14 years later, 14 years later, I had my first six-figure year, three years later, I have my first seven-figure year. And then I discovered that there is a communication gap. I would say things to people and then they would attempt to go and do the thing they thought I heard me say, but they didn't hear me. What I actually said, they heard what they thought I said and our listening is not based on the person speaking. Our listening is based on who we are and where we are when they're saying it to us. And every time somebody says something to us, we translate it into our own language based on where we're at in our lives. Does that make sense to everyone? Yes. Okay. So the communication gap between people who are successful and people who are not successful happens as a direct result of when Russell's up here all week, or today and tomorrow, showing you all this stuff. When Alex Sharfins here on Saturday is showing you all this cool stuff, he's going to be saying stuff. And he's going to be telling you how to get into the two comma club and how to make a million dollars. I'm going to write it up here so you all can see it. Right? That's a million. So Russell's going to show you how to do this, how to make a million dollars. Now, here's what's really interesting. When I say that, you're like, great, he's going to show me how to do it. But when I say he's going to show you how to do it, I'm not saying he's going to show you what to do to do it. Because that's not how you do it. Knowing what to do doesn't give you the ability to do it. But as soon as I learn the next thing, it doesn't work like that. So here's how it really works. People, there's a communication gap because Russell is going to be up here talking to you about how to be the person, person who can make a million dollars. And you're going to be listening for what to do. And so every time he tells you about how to be the person who will make a million dollars, you're going to translate it into something you're supposed to do and say, I don't get that. I'm telling you, this is how it works. So I was reading this book. So I had Dan Locke. Should I tell him that story, the whole story that I told you? Okay. So Dan Locke, he's in the inner circle. And I teach people how to sell stuff from the stage. So he bought my speaker training program, why I teach people how to sell stuff from the stage. And I researched him. I said, so I started, okay, who's this Dan Locke character? He calls me out of the blue and he starts asking me these questions and all of a sudden I start coaching him. And so he does this live event and he sends me this thing after his live event. He did five million dollars in sales, which is remarkable, right? But that's not the remarkable, well, that's not the only remarkable part. He was talking about his mentor, this guy named Dan Penya. Anybody ever heard of Dan Penya? Okay, a couple of you. So I go, who's Dan Penya? Like that's what we do, right? Go down the route. So Dan Penya talks about this book. And Dan Penya talks, he talks about this book. I said, okay. And the guy that wrote the book, his name is Price Pritchett, P-R-I-T-C-H-E-T-T. Price Pritchett, how many of you ever heard of him? Okay. So Price Pritchett wrote this book called U Square. And I'm reading this book. So I ordered it and then somebody sent me a link. My sister-in-law sent me a link to it on YouTube as an audio book. It's like a free audio book. This book is 36 pages. It's my favorite kind of book, by the way. 36 pages. And like I listened to the audio book three times, I wrote, I read the book once so far. And you can see that when I read it, I didn't just read it, right? I was learning stuff, right? This is one of my favorite three books that I've ever read. It's called U Square, like U to the Second Power. Now, U Square, like U with a number two at the top. Now, don't worry about that right now. Just hear where I'm, like, if you're right, I'll give you the name of the books, U Square, Price Pritchett. Okay, that's fine. Forget about all that. Like get the part I'm telling you. This is what I'm sharing with you. Okay. When I read the book, it made me realize why people who struggle keep struggling. And why people who succeed keep succeeding effortlessly. Like my first note in that book is people who succeed aren't trying to succeed any more than people who fail are trying to fail. Success and failure are both automatic. Like it just, how? It's just automatic. And when I read the book, he didn't teach me how to do anything. The book didn't teach me how to do anything. It just showed me that the way I've done all the things I've ever done successfully, I did them because I became the person. Watch this now. Here's the nugget. I became the person who took ownership of the result before I knew how I was going to do it. Let that hit you in the head. Yeah, you can clap for that. So, so Russell, see, if Russell had decided everybody say decide. If Russell decides to do something, he is going to do it. Even if he doesn't know how. Julie decides to do something. She is going to do it. Even if she doesn't know how to do it. If I decide to do something, I'm going to do it even if I don't know how to do it. Because we've already taken, before we start any new endeavor, we take ownership of the result before we know the path. And until you take ownership of the result before you know the path, you will never reach the destination. It doesn't matter if it's a million dollars or a hundred thousand dollars or ten thousand dollars. Like in your life, until you become the person who decides this is for me, I'm going to do this and it's going to work for me just like it works for everybody else. Until you become that person, it's not going to happen. And so for me, like I was sharing this, it's like if I decide that I'm going to drive from back home to Tampa, right, from Phoenix and say I'm not going to fly back. I don't like planes anymore. I'm going to drive. Right? And somebody says, Myron, when are you going home? Well, I'm going to be leaving soon. When are you leaving? I'm going to leave as soon as I can see the Florida state line. When do I get home? Exactly. I never get home. And if those of you who are waiting to learn the thing that's going to make you the million dollars before you take ownership of the result, you're never going to get there. So here's what I want to say to you. Like take this result and say, I don't know how. Not sure when, but I'm going to decide that it's going to be by Funnel Hacking Live 2019. Right? I'm just going to do this. And I'm going to keep working at the things that will make this happen until I figure that right for you. See, Russell already explained it in his whole introduction. I don't even know if you realize that. Like when you're explaining that whole thing about, I wrote the book and then it wasn't good. Then I started teaching. Does that make sense? No, it didn't make sense. So what he did, he created the concept. He was teaching it while he was teaching it. He could see the confusion in people's face, which helped him clarify, which means he didn't understand how he was going to write the book or even teach the course before he started teaching it. He just started teaching it and became evident as he was doing it. Like the miseducational, misdirectional system, the government indoctrination camps, I think they call them schools. Is that what they call them out here? I wasn't supposed to say stuff like that. Okay. Anyway, I think they call it school. Anyway, the miseducational system, the misdirectional system that gets you looking over here when life is over here, that system made you believe that knowing right answers is the way to success, because you'll get success in school. Success in school is not success in life. Life doesn't care how many A's you have. It cares how many Benjamins you have, right? It doesn't care. Money doesn't fix all your problems. It doesn't. Money can't buy you everything, but most of the problems that you have right now that cause you frustration, money will fix them, like 99% of them. And then you can at least have time to think about how to figure out the ones money can't solve. So, so, so I said, I said Russell decides, right? Julie decides, Myron decides. Can I, can I break down decide really quick? Do you want me to do that? Okay. So this will help you so much. The word decide, everybody say decide. Decide. So there are a lot of truisms out there that aren't true. Okay. Like one of the truisms that I really hate. I'll give you three of them just because you know, one thing, three secrets. Okay. So I'm going to give you three. I'm going to give you three of them. One of the truism that I hate that isn't true, time is money. That's not true. That's a lie. If you go through life believing time is money, what you'll do is you'll waste a whole bunch of your time. You'll sell a whole bunch of your time for a little bit of somebody else's money. So time is not money. Everybody got it? Say I got it. It's the first truism that I'd love to go into great detail. Not right now. So y'all just listen fast. Okay. So the next truism that isn't true is people love to buy, but they hate to be sold. How many of you heard somebody say that? Spell that one. Okay. So I'm going to tell you the truth about the matter. Everybody ready? Here's the truth. Say tell me the truth, Myron. Tell me the truth, Myron. Here's the truth. People love to buy and they love to be sold. How many are excited about that? Not only do people love to buy and they love to be sold, but what people hate is they hate to be convinced. See, most people think that selling is convincing, but selling is not convincing. Selling is persuading. Persuasion is the opposite of convincing. And when you start, when you learn how to persuade, you don't have to convince anymore. The reason you don't like selling is because you think it's talking somebody into doing something they don't desire to do. You know why? Because you think it's convincing. I'm going to give you the definition of both. So the definition of convincing, attempting to get somebody to do something you desire them to do for your reasons. Did I say that too fast? I'll say it one more time. Convincing, which most people mistakenly think is selling and it's not selling at all, convincing is attempting to get somebody to do something you desire them to do for your reasons. What is persuasion? Persuasion is helping somebody make a decision they already desire to make for their own reasons. People love to buy. How many of you, when you get paid next time, you already know something you're ready to buy? How many of you, when you get into the Yukama Club, you already know something you're going to buy? See, people love to buy and they love to be sold. Like, when I want to buy something, like, I want somebody to come buy and sell it to me. Even if I don't want to buy something, I want somebody to sell it to me. I like watching salespeople sell stuff, right? So people love to buy and they love to be sold. So now, here's the other, here's the other truism that isn't true. Three birds just sitting, I just hate, I like, it wasn't that good the first time, time somebody said it and it was worse every time after that. Like, if three birds are sitting on a fence and two of them decide to fly away, how many are left? How many of y'all heard this before? Right? And what do they say? How many are left? They say three are left because they decided and they didn't do it. Wrong answer, but we do have some nice consolation prizes for you in the back. The reality is, if two of them decide to fly away, there's one left. Because when you make a real decision, you always do it. Now, you might make a choice and not do it, but if you make a decision, you will always do it. Decide means, it comes from the Latin root, day, and then side, day means from or of. Side means to cut. So when you make, when you decide something, you cut yourself off from every other possibility. So I'm going to ask Russell to come over and help me with this illustration, if you will. So, like in ancient times, they had this concept called a covenant. And this is going to help you. How many, how many, how many of you, when you're, and be honest, don't be impressive, just be honest, this is, I'm, we're here to help you, right? So how many of you, like in your life, in your business, sometimes you lack confidence in your business? Confidence, okay. So the word confidence, okay. Like, do you think he lacks confidence? No. Right? Do I lack, no. Right? Okay. So why do people lack confidence? People lack confidence because the word confidence means to confide in. The word confide means to do what? To trust. Somebody said, I heard somebody say, the word confide means to trust. When people don't have confidence, they don't trust themselves. Or they don't trust the principles they're working under. There's some, there's a lack of trust. That's why people don't have confidence. See, he has confidence because he knows what's going to happen. He trusts the perfect webinar process. He trusts the expert secrets process. He trusts the dot com secrets process. He trusts the two comma club X process. Do you understand that? So he trusts the process and he trusts himself because he keeps his word. So in ancient times, there was, there's this concept called a covenant. Everybody say covenant. Covenant. Now the word covenant means to cut. That's what it means. Literally means to cut. So Russell and I are going to do, here hold that for me. Russell and I are going to illustrate what a covenant means. And I'm going to show you how to develop confidence by learning how to trust yourself. Okay. So let's say Russell and I are going to become covenant brothers. Right. So start over there, Russell. I'm going to start over here. And so let's say Russell has a cow and I've got a cow. Right. So let's lead our cow to this place right here in the middle. We lead our cow. And Russell and I decide we're going to, we decide we just, we do what? We what? Decide. We're going to enter into a covenant together. And so this is my cow that I've raised from a calf. That's his cow that he's raised from a calf. We love the cow, but you know, it's, it's time to kill. So turn around, use your knife and kill your cow. Kill your cow. Cut it up in pieces. Put it in a pile. Turn this way and do it right here. Put it in a pile. Now if Russell, there we go. So Russell's got, Russell's got the carcass of a dead animal right here in front of him. I've got the carcass of a dead animal right here in front of me. I've got the carcass of a dead animal right here in front of me. If he and I were going to enter into a covenant together and we're going to become covenant brothers, we'd walk around the cow, go ahead, walk around it, and then come back in the middle face to face. Either way. Okay. You go, he's going to go that way. This is called walking a figure eight. So we walk a figure eight. We're looking at the brutality of this animal that we owned and that we loved. We come back in the middle. Russell takes his knife in his left hand and he cuts his right hand like this. And I do the same thing. We put our hands together, bind them together with a rope. His blood would become my blood. My blood would become his blood. Remember the blood brother things we used to stick a pin in our finger. How many of you remember that? Okay. Don't do that anymore. Anyway, his blood becomes my blood. My blood becomes his blood. We become covenant brothers and we exchange covenant vows. So here's what the covenant vows look like. I'm going to put this in my pocket for a second. You can keep yours for so. We become covenant brothers. So my name after that we exchange these covenant vows, my name becomes Myron Russell Golden. His name becomes Russell Myron Brunson. And we become covenant brothers. So I'm saying to him when we enter this covenant, Russell, I'm going to give everything I have. I'm going to give my time. I'm going to give my energy. I'm going to give my resources. I'm going to give my knowledge. I'm going to give my money. I'm going to give my very life if necessary to protect you and your family. He's saying to me, he's going to give his time, his resources, his effort, his energy, his money, his life if necessary to protect me and my family. And then what we're saying, turn around and point your cow. We're both saying, if I don't keep my word to you, maybe what happened to that animal happened to me. And he's saying that too. Oh yeah. If, yeah, oh yeah. Okay, good. Say, if I don't keep my word to you. If I don't keep my word to you Myron. With me, what happened to this animal happened to me. Maybe what happened to this animal happened to me. Now, remember Russell told the story about, are you proud of it? So now he made a covenant with me. I made a covenant with him. So now all of my resources are at his disposal. All of his resources are at my disposal. Why? Because we made a covenant arrangement with each other and we've promised on our own lives to keep our word with the other person. Say, Myron, why'd you tell us that story? Myron, why'd you tell us that story? No, I was saying, I wasn't telling you to ask me that. But anyway, you did. Okay, so here's why. Because in what they call societies of honor, they still practice the covenant. That's why if a samurai, or if a samurai like Mrs. Post, he'll fall on his sword. Why? Because he's in a covenant relationship with everybody else who's a samurai. Right? Here's why I told you that story. Because you deserve, everybody say, I deserve. I deserve. You deserve to become a person who doesn't just make choices, but you make decisions which is like making a covenant with yourself. And I'm going to keep my word to myself. And I'm going to take ownership of this result. And I'm going to do it, even if I don't know how. I'm going to learn how on the way. And if I don't keep my word to myself, then may what happened to this animal happen to me. That's the kind of decisions you deserve to start making. So that you can end up in the two comma club, the two comma club X program. Take ownership of the result before you know the path. There's a reason our GPS doesn't give us all the instructions at one time and then shut off. It just tells us the next thing to do. Become the person who is headed in the right direction, open to learning the secrets that will get you there as you're doing it. Last thing I'm going to say, remember I talked about King Solomon back in Final Hacking Live? One of the reasons King Solomon said he wrote the book of Proverbs. He said to receive instruction of wisdom. Now most people think wisdom is smarts, right? Wisdom doesn't mean smart. It doesn't mean high IQ. It doesn't mean educated. The word wisdom means skill. And skill is an action word. Like it's you're doing something, right? Wisdom is the stuff. To receive wisdom from instruction means to learn the things that you can only learn while you are doing the thing. It doesn't matter how much Julie teaches you. It doesn't matter how much Stephen coaches you. It doesn't matter how much John shows you how to do ads. It doesn't matter how much business strategy Alex Shroffering shows you. Until you become the person who takes ownership of the result and says, I will learn it while I'm doing it. That result won't belong to you and you deserve it to belong to you. So make a covenant with yourself. Start to trust yourself and cut yourself off from all other possibilities. Thank you. Russell, thank you. Who here can listen to my room preach all day long and just... Because I'd love to go back to my room and take a nap. Just kidding. All right. So good. All right. So I want to add one more piece of that and then we're going to jump into the framework. So, and I've talked about this a lot recently in a couple of different places. Talked about Inner Circle and everyone was like, oh, I talked about it on a couple of other spots. I want to lead with this. I know some of you guys have heard, and some of my stories, some of you guys have heard before, but its context needs to be set up other things later on. So just bear with me during some of those ones and maybe you'll learn something new in the process. But I was taking out Dan Sullivan a little while ago. How many of you guys know Dan Sullivan is? He was a company called Strategic Coach. And we were at this event with him and everyone was talking and hanging out and doing a bunch of stuff. And he was like, hey, can I have five minutes to explain a concept? He was like, in my 40 years of coaching entrepreneurs, there's one thing that I've shared that's helped more entrepreneurs than anything else ever. And if I can share this, it's going to change everybody's life. And so we're like, please Dan, say whatever you want. So he runs up to the whiteboard and he doodles out a thing, and like three minutes shares and walks away and we're like, well, it's might drop moments. And I want to share with you guys because I think it's going to help some of you guys who have been struggling, who have been stuck. Okay. Those guys came to the boys event. We came to the office. I shared this as well, but I want to keep sharing it because it's something that's really good. So this is what happens to a lot of us. So here is you guys. Right. You're an entrepreneur. You're excited. You want to change the world and you have this big vision of like, this is what I want to do. Here is the vision. What I want to create, who I want to change, how I want to do it. Right. We see this vision like, oh, I know exactly what it is what Myra's talking about before. Right. We see it. We know what it is. And so we start on this path and we start going towards the vision. We start moving. And then all of a sudden as we're moving that way, we're going, we're going, we're going. Also we get stuck. Cause something hits us right here. Right. Something blocks us. And we look at this thing and we're like, ah, how do I do that? Have you guys ever said that before? Have you guys ever said that during this program? Right. You're hitting, you're like, ah, how do I do that? How? I don't know how to do that. Right. You say how. And then what happens is as soon as you say how, you're like, I got to figure out how. And then you go into YouTube and you start watching videos. You're searching and you're going on conference calls. You're calling your friends and all these things are happening because you can't figure out the how you start going on this horrible, horrible loop of procrastination. Okay. How many of you guys have ever been in that spot or in that spot? Right. This very second. Everyone's like, ah, okay. That's what happens to most of us. Right. And it derails us from our vision of what we're trying to create because we get stuck into the how. Okay. Now, if I can teach you guys this, every time I'm teaching you something and you're listening to it, if you just like, I don't know how to do that, I want you to stop. And instead of saying how, Russell, I don't know how to run a Facebook ad. I want you to remember Russell doesn't know either. And instead of saying, how do I do this? Stop and say, who knows how to do this? Better question, right? Who knows how to do this? And for me, I was like, oh, John knows how to do it. And John was a Facebook ask for me. And then I'm like, oh, I need to do this thing. I'm like, ah, I get stuck in how, but if I got stuck in how, it wouldn't be $100 million in three years. Instead I'm like, ah, who knows how to do this? And I find the who, who knows the how that way. I don't have to figure out the how. I find the who, and then the who gets this closer and closer and faster to our vision. Okay, so the question you need to be asking yourself when you get something, I don't know how to do that. Don't stop and say, okay, I'm going to go learn this thing. Say who is it that knows how to do this? Find the who knows the how, and you will move yourself towards the vision way faster. Does that make sense? Okay, it's going to happen a lot during this weekend, right? I don't know how. Don't stress out. You don't need to know the how. Just figure out the who. How many of us think that contractors who build houses know all of the hows about how to build a house? Think they know how to do plumbing. Think they know how to do electrical work. They don't know how to do most of those things. We've had a lot of contractors recently. And what I found about contractors is they don't know basically anything. No offensives contractors in the room. I'm sure there's one nice one, but most of them are horrible. The only thing contractors know is a whole bunch of who's. And so you give the contractor money, he gets you the who's to build your house, right? Okay, for some reason entrepreneurs, we think if I'm going to be successful, I have to learn all of the hows to be able to get my vision. That's horrible. Right? I don't know most of the hows, but I have a whole bunch of who's. Can you ask me like what has made you so successful for us? So people have asked me all the time interviews. Like I've got an amazing team of people. Okay, over the last 15 years of my life, I've been building up a Rolodex of who's for every single project I have. Right? And I went through a lot of bad people. We had to kiss a lot of frogs to get the right people. Right? And like, and so I remember back in the day when I first getting started, I have an idea for like a software product. And I was like, I don't know who can do this. So I would go to like back then it was called Script Lance, which then became Freelancer. And then anyway, it's shifted, but it was a site. I would go post these little projects. And I would, I would hire 10, 15, 20 developers at five bucks each to do these little projects for me. I would crank to make that guy suck. I don't like him. I couldn't understand a word he said. He communicated like this guy was awesome. Like that was so much fun to work with. And then I'd hire him again and hire him again. And I put him in my Rolodex and then designers. I hire a designer and like, I didn't like, I hired another designer. I didn't like it. And over like next year, two years, three or four or five years, I found a Rolodex of like five or six people that were amazing designers. And I found good copyrights. I found like all the people do all the pieces I ended up meeting and connecting. I would go to events like this and I'd be looking my eyes out like, who are the people that are good at things? And like get to know them and I get them into my Rolodex. Okay. And then I started having ideas for projects. All he would do is like, okay, I have a vision. I know exactly what I need to create. Who do I know they do this? Okay. I'd be like, okay, I'm going to get robbed to do the logo. I'm going to get Mike to do the copy. I'm going to get so and so do the thing. We get, I would go and I'd ask all those people to do the things. They'd all go out and do it. I sit there and wait, goof off, go wrestling practice, hang out with my wife. And then I come back and everything shows up like sweet. And I'm like, okay, I don't know how to actually, this is pre-click funnel. I don't know how to build a funnel. And I got Chris on my team. So I get Chris, here's the logo. Here's everything he'd plug it all in. And then we'd have a website. We launch it and make much money. Okay. So if I can shift you guys from, from how thinking to who thinking right now at very beginning, this is the key is going to get you to where you're at. Okay. And most of the who's you guys are looking for probably in this room right now. Okay. Who in here is really good at designer? Okay. There's your designers. Who here is really good at writing copy? Who is really good at webinars? Who is good at building funnels? Who's just good at driving traffic? Who's here is good at Google ads? Facebook ads? Twitter ads? You can do Twitter ads, I think, right? John, here's my who. Yeah. Okay. We can tweet ads now. Instagram ads. Okay. All the who's are in this room. Everyone's got a superpower. If you try to figure out how to do all this stuff, you're going to be a funnel hacking live 2099, finally getting your award. And I'm going to be like in my wheelchair like, congratulations, this is going to be really weird. Right. But if you want to get it this year or next year or soon, you have to become a master of this. And some of you guys are like, well, I can't afford to hire anybody. Okay. That's okay. Be creative. Think outside the box. Who here thinks that when I was a broke college kid, my wife was making 9.50 an hour. I didn't have a job. I could afford people. I couldn't. Okay. So what did I do? I found really amazing people. I said, I got this vision. This is where I want to create this amazing. I'm broke. Can you do this piece and I will do something for you. I'll give you part of it. I'll do whatever. And they're like, yeah, I'm really good at copying. Anyway, I'll just do it for you. I'm really good at saying it. I'll do it for you. Okay. You don't have to pay something necessarily. If you cast a good vision, the right who's will come to you. Okay. When we launched click funnels and I had the vision, so what's going to happen gets to started happening. I started moving forward as fast as I could. And often all these who started showing up. John was like, I'll learn ads. I think heavens. Right. I meet Julie. I meet Dave. I mean, like all the people on my team started coming. Like it wasn't like we had everything figured out at the beginning. We just had like an idea of vision. We started running and the right who started showing up. Okay. And I've seen a lot of you guys in the communities that who have been doing things and having stuff happen, the who starts showing up. Right. When you are in motion that attracts people. And if you like, I know I'm going, this is my vision. So I'm doing people will start coming to you. Okay. And you can pay them on percentage of sales. You can pay them equity. There's a million different ways to do it. But just realize you don't have to pay cash. Okay. If you cast the right vision, the who's will come. Todd Dickerson, the co-founder of click phones worked for free for me for an entire year. With, he didn't even have a vision. It was just like he's worked for free. Right. The first time I paid him was he was at our office. And I looked at it over his shoulder. I saw his emails and it was always like people offering him jobs. And they were like $400,000 a year, $650,000. Like insane jobs. Like, why don't you take those? Like, I'm literally paying you $0 an hour for your time right now. He's like, cause I want to do something cool. Let's make it big together. Right. Who cast the vision. So if you cast the right vision, the who's will show up. So I wanted to get that now. So that as we're doing this stuff, as I'm sharing things you're not stressing out about, ah, Russell, I'm going to go deep into that part. I don't know how to do it. You don't need to. You just need to understand the vision, the strategy, where we're going. And then you can find the who's to plug in the pieces. That makes sense. All right. Okay. Hopefully that'll free some of you guys and keep you from stressing out. All right. Okay. Oh man, I'm ready. It started. You guys ready? It started. I was stressed off my team this morning. I was like, I haven't, I've never taught this stuff before. I'm like, I could be done by 9 30 for all I know. It could go really fast or this can go for like six months. So anyway, we may have early days, late nights. We have no idea how it's going to go. Okay. First thing we'll talk about is a framework. I'm showing you this for two reasons. Number one is I want to teach you guys the lesson. How many of you guys are, how many of you guys do information products in this, in this room? Okay. Like most of the room, even if you don't, there's going to be times and stuff. We need to create information products. The first thing I do when I create anything is I create a framework to teach off of. Okay. Your framework will become your savior. If you're, if I could teach this entire event with this one graphic right here, this is the traffic secrets book. I have the same thing for doc.com secrets, the same thing for extra secrets. Like this is the framework I'm teaching off of. Okay. So if I had nothing else, I can have no slides. I could teach this for two or three days, just going through this process, which I'm going to be doing. Okay. So what you do is you create a framework. And this is what I'm trying to create. This is the vision of what I'm trying to cast. And then you teach different parts of the framework. Okay. And so by the time tomorrow night's done, all these pieces will be filled in. This will make perfect sense. We're going to go deep into each and every single aspect of every single piece of it. But this is what I'm trying to show you guys. If you understand this and how this all works together, this is the traffic secrets. This is how you can grow and scale your company. By understanding these pieces. Okay. So that's the framework. I'm not going to go into big right now, but tonight when we end, I'm going to go through, I'm going to pull the slide back up and I'm like, okay, so far today we've covered these four things. Tomorrow we're going to cover the next four. And then that by the time it's done tomorrow night, you'll be like, oh, some of you guys are going to tattoo this to your arm. I'm guessing he will. Maybe somebody else. Actually, we can do this on across your shoulder blades. It'd be amazing. I should have said that because now it's going to happen. All right. Okay. All right. Let's jump in. So the first thing I'm going to cover during this first session that I want to go deep into, because everyone that starts with traffic, they always start with like going to the network and then figure it out and all the kind of stuff. And it's like, no, traffic. In fact, I almost hate the word traffic. What is traffic? Traffic are people. Right. And I want to spend this session talking about people because this is the key. Like you have to understand it's not some magic trick. They're human beings. If you stop looking at his traffic, start looking at his humans, it'll change how you do this stuff. He comes less cryptic when you're like, oh my gosh, it's just humans. Like I can actually do this. Right. So the first thing I'm going to go over is what I call your dream customers journey. Okay. And this and what we're going to be doing, just so you guys know, this is going to be a workshop time. So I'm going to basically teach a concept. They're going to play some music and you're going to actually write in your book, thinking things out and we're going to teach concept work things out. So that's kind of the game plan for this event as well. So, all right. So the first thing I wanted to think about, like the first thing you have to figure out before you start any of this, this goes back before you create a product, before you pick a market, before anything is really identifying, figure out like who is your dream customer. Right. How many of you guys read the doc on secrets book? In the introduction of that book, I talked about how I've been running a business for like eight or nine years. And one day I woke up and I realized that I hated my customers. And I actually told the full story at the Drybar Comedy Club because it was like in the middle of a huge painful thing where our whole companies were collapsing and everything was there. I remember literally sitting in bed, sinking my stomachs. I knew I had to go in. If I didn't, there was a good chance I'd go to jail. And that's the story from the other day. And I was just like, I want to quit. But if I quit, I can't quit because this is my thing. I wish I had a boss who could fire me so I could be free from this. And I don't want to see my customers. I don't want to talk to them. I don't want to say, it was just, it was such a horrible thing. I remember being sick to my stomach. And at that time, it was about Christmas time. And I remember right when Christmas was over, Tony Robbins and his wife, Sage, did a video from Namali, which is his resort in Fiji. And in that thing, he talked about, hey, it's the new year. And he said, it's interesting. He said that people can change anytime they want. They can change today, you can change tomorrow, you can change in October. It doesn't matter. But for some reason, in January, people give themselves a chance to change and to be set new resolutions and goals and things like that. And remember, he challenged me and he challenged everybody who's watching this video, said that I challenge you that if you're not happy in your relationship right now, change it. So if you're not happy with your body right now, change it. If you're not happy with whatever it is, just change. If you're happy with your business, change it. And I remember hearing that. And then we said, like, if you're not happy with your business, change, I remember hearing that. And at first I felt it was like freedom of like, oh my gosh, like I could change it. And then like all the demons creeping like, no, you can't. All these things I'm like, I was like, no, I have to, like, I don't want to be here. I don't want to do this. This is going to be a miserable life. I have to stick with this forever. I need to change my customers. Like what does that look like? And about that time, I remember I was listening to Eben Pagan and he was giving a training and he talked about this exercise that he did about figuring out your customer avatar. And it was fascinating. And I remember thinking, I got popped back in my head and I was like, if you're going to change your business, you have to change your customers. Okay, fastest way to change your business. Change your business, you got to change your customers. So I was like, well, if I'm in a spot now where I can actually decide who my customers are, like what do they look like? What's like, what are the, like, I got to figure that out. And what Eben said to me through the training course, he said, go to Google images and type in, like, give your person a name, like figure out what the person's name is, and then give them all the attributes of like what that person would look like and Google image that. And the whole bunch of pictures are going to show up and look at the person, it looks like the person you actually want to serve. And so I remember doing, I went to Google and I remember typing in a whole bunch of things. Like at first, I remember I was looking for, I was like, hey, I want to, I want, I want to serve like, and I did this for both men and for women. So I did it twice. Here's my female drawing. All right. So I was like, I was like very conscious, like, okay, if I could work, if I could be in a room like this and hang out with like anybody, like who they look like, I was okay. For the men, like, they would probably be similar to me, right? They're probably going to be like athletic, they did sports in their life at one time, but they've accomplished something. And like, they're in a spot in life, like, like I had success here, but like I want to do something bigger, right? So I was like success in life. I was like, I want someone who, who like, has served someone in the past and like, has success with it. And they like felt that, that feeling, right? How many of you guys know that feeling I'm talking about? You serve somebody and have success, and you feel that feeling? How many of you guys have felt that before? Who have felt that? And they're like, I want more of that. I didn't want people who were like obsessed, like, how am I going to make money? How am I going to make money? How am I going to, because like, those people have the wrong motivations. I want people who are in this business that want to serve. They want to make money, but they want to serve because they felt that one time when they worked with an athlete, they worked with a friend, they worked with, as I scroll down, there was this guy's face, and I looked down, I was like, that's, that's, that's my guy. I remember I called him Mike, I don't even know what his real name is, but it was this, it was this dude, and I took a picture of it, and I printed it out, and I, okay, this is, this is my dream customer. I would hang out with this guy all day long, it'd be awesome. And then the same thing for women, I'm like, hey, who would I want from, from a, from a female customer standpoint? I was like, hey, someone, and I started going through all these different attributes, I Googled, and I found this person, which a couple of you guys in here actually creepily look like her. It's really weird how this works. And I printed it out, and I was like, hey, these are my customers, these are who I want to serve. Okay, and that's where I started with. Okay, what's interesting is, how many of you know Perry Belcher, one of the co-founders of Digital Marketer? Perry's brilliant, and I remember I was talking to him one time, and he, he, he actually invented Purell hand soaps, you guys know this? So this is the, I'm probably gonna slaughter the story, but he was trying to make these liquid candles, and he spent like $50,000 in inventory, made these liquid candles, and they turned out, turned out like he lied them on fire, and then, and then that stuff super flammable, and it would actually, everything would blow up, and like, he's like, crap, we can't actually do anything with this, and then I could get all this money invested in inventory, like what do we do with it? And his partner was like, I don't know, but if, if you wash your hands with it, it sterilizes everything, he's like, huh, so you start putting in bottles, and started like, and he's made this product, started selling it, and they ended up selling it to Purell for like, I don't know, or sold somebody for like a million bucks, and then sold it to them for like 100, anyway. Kind of crazy story, so next time you like wash your hands with that, think of Perry Belcher. But Perry said when he used to, when he used to work more in retail, he would go into places like Bed Bath and Beyond to try to get his candles in there, and remember, he told me the story, he said I was, I was going to like, to this, to this meeting, and I walked in, and I was like, okay, so I, this is our product, and they explained it, and the executives that were listening to me, they're like, oh, like, I don't know if Julie would like that, and like, they explained some more, and were like, hi, I don't think Julie, yeah, Julie would like that part, and he's listening to this thing, he's like, who's Julie, can we just get Julie in the room so I can talk directly to her? Like, she sounds like she's the decision maker in this thing, and they kind of laughed, and said, we make all of our decisions based on if Julie would actually buy this. She's not a real person, she's fictitious, but that's how they looked at it from this huge, this huge company, right? I think for a lot of us, we got to get back into that mindset of like, who is our dream customer, who do we actually want to serve? Because if you don't know who that person is, it's really hard to find him, okay? It's hard to like, throw a dart and hit a target if you have no idea what the target actually is, okay? So I want you guys to do it now, I want you to spend a few minutes in your pad of paper there, and I want you to write a top customer avatar, a customer avatar, and then make it a line number, and have like, male and female on both sides, unless you're just serving females or just males, that's totally cool as well. But I want you to start thinking through, like, what are the attributes of the person that you would love to serve every single day? Or if you're sitting in a room with them, you would light up, you would like stay till like five o'clock in the morning, hanging out, helping them, because like, you love that person so much, okay? We're gonna spend like, two minutes really quick, just writing as many things as you can think of, just write down as quick as you can, and then we'll come back after that, all right? Ready, go. All right, boy, oh boy, I love you when I fall for that. Boy, oh boy, I love you when I fall for that. No, thank you. They call me after dark. I don't want no part. My habits, they hold me like a grudge. I promise I won't budge. One sip, bad for me. One hit, bad for me. One kiss, bad for me. But I give in so easily. And no, thank you. It's how it should go. I should stay strong. But I'm weak. And what's wrong with that? Boy, oh boy, I love you when I fall for that. I'm weak. And what's wrong with that? Boy, oh boy, I love you when I fall for that. I'm weak. 30 more seconds. 10 seconds. Ooh, yeah, yeah, yeah. But I'm weak. And what's wrong with that? Boy, oh boy, I love you when I fall for that. We, we fall for that. Wake up, we fall again. Fuck, fuck, fall again. Oh, oh, oh. We, we fall for that. 10 seconds. Finish writing. One sip, bad for me. One sip, bad for me. One hit, bad for me. All right. Ken, have you guys heard me talk about this before in the past? Have you guys actually ever done this before in the past? Good job. Awesome. This question changed my life. Okay, after listening to Tony Robbins' thing and thinking through this, I changed my customer and then everything shifted for me. I sat down and I was like, everything I'm selling right now would completely repel these people. They would never come near me with like a 10-foot pole. I was like, crap. No wonder I hate my customers. Like the things, like everything I'm selling now repels the people I want and doesn't attract them. So then I started thinking, like, well, what can I create that actually would attract those people? Right? I was thinking about fishing. Like I went fishing once anyway. It was a storm the other day. But like when you're fishing, right, like if you're trying to catch different fish, you change the bait, right? Like if I'm trying to catch a trout versus a shark, I don't know. There's different bait, right? So it's the same thing here. So it's like, if I want to attract these people, I want to catch them. What is the bait I got to create? We spent two or three weeks trying to figure out what do we have that like, there's nothing we've ever created in the past that these people would like. Like what in the world am I supposed to do? I'm supposed to start over? Tony Robbins told me to change. I can't, like I know who I want, but I don't want to change my business. And I started looking at like everything we had done in the past. And I was like, oh my gosh, like, I bet what these people would actually be interested in, not all the products I had sold in the past, but they'd be interested in like the split tests that I'd done. Like actual entrepreneurs would be like wondering what headline worked the best, what thing, and I started looking at like, what if we created a product that just shared all of the data, all the weird stuff that we did? I know that my existing customers wouldn't know what that was, and they would be repelled by it, which is good, because I hated them. And my dream customers would, I think it was crack cocaine. In fact, this is awkward. Okay. So this is so awkward. I can't even start even say it, but I have to now, because I started and the cameras are rolling and like, we'll probably edit this out later. But all right. So what we did is we went and how many of us bought the 108 split test book? Okay. That was the first product. That's what shifted my customers. Okay. All my old customers would have been repelled by that book. And all of you guys were like, what? What? Are you kidding me? Blue background versus brown background. That's exciting. Right? Okay. My dream customers all worked. I went through all of our old campaigns and split tests, everything and put together a book of 180 of our best split tests, put them in a book and we launched it out there. It was crazy. And one day I got somebody, she was a female. So she was like, this was her and she took a picture of it and she posted and she tagged me on Facebook or has Facebook back then. And she said, he said, Russell Brunson's 108 split test is like looking at porn for entrepreneurs. And I was like, oh my gosh, that is weird. So weird. But I got the right bait. You shift your bait, you shift your customers. So if you don't know who these people are, you can't ask the right questions. You have to understand that this is what I actually want, who I want to serve. And then the next question, like, what do I create that will attract those people to us? What is this something that they see that's like porn for me? Right? That's what you want to be creative with. Don't use that ever as a sound bite because that will just come out weird in some videos someday. Anyway, that's the thing. The reason I have to understand that script, understand what we're going to create for them. All right. Next thing I want to talk about is now that we're kind of looking at these people, you have to understand that people are coming to you at all different times of their life. Right? So I like kind of mapping out a customer timeline. This is the timeline of like the events of their life. Right? And the next thing I want to talk, I want to show is this is also in the .com secrets book. This is cold, warm, and hot. Okay. So this concept came from a guy named Gene Schwartz. He's one of the old, old school marketers no longer live, was developing all this stuff before there was an internet back in direct mail days. And he said something that was super, super profound. So what Gene Schwartz said, I'll read it to you and then I'll explain it a little better. He said, if your prospect is aware of your product and realizes that it satisfies his desire, your headline will start with your product. Okay? If he's not aware of your product, only the desire itself, your headline starts with the desire. If he's not really aware of what he seeks, but is concerned only with the general problem, then your headline starts with that problem and crystallizes into a specific need. Okay? Kind of complicated. But basically saying is if your customer has no idea what in the world, all they know is like they're in pain, like, ah, okay? You're not going to come say, hey, you should buy ClickFunnels. Like what? But I'm going to say, hey, you're in pain. How would you like to make money on the internet? And they're like, oh my gosh, like yes. Okay? If I sold this person ClickFunnels, they get repelled when they're cold, right? If I say, hey, do you want to make money? Like yes. Okay? Now if they're in this stage of life, we're like, they've been trying to make money online. They've been looking at stuff. They've looked at some of your competitors, looked at stuff. Then they understand, um, they understand, ah, the problem, like the problems I need to have a website, I need to have a funnel, I need to have things like that. Then I speak to them differently, right? So over here, it's like, do you want to make money? And then over here, it's like, hey, do you want to build a website? And then if they come here and they're hot, it's like, hey, websites are dead. Like you need a funnel, right? So people go through this time continuum where, where they're different stages in their life. Okay? So what's interesting is if somebody's really, really hot right here, I'm going to use different language patterns to sell them. Right? I could, in this room right now, you guys are like my hot audience, right? You're getting a funnel, hiking live, you sign up for the coaching program, you flew here, we're hanging out like, like you guys are like the cream of the crop, right? I could almost like just do a horrible job and sell you guys anything right now. You probably end up buying it. How many of you guys agree with that? I'm not selling anything this weekend. I'm so mad at myself. Like, should we sell something? Like, what do you guys want? Let's make it. Right? So like, anyway, so you're hot on this is the best. This is like your goal is to get people here and to warm them up, make them hot. Cause when they're your own audience, like it becomes easier. You can be worse at selling. You can be like, because your people love you, right? And so it's better. So like this is the goal is to get people hot, right? But if I'm going to go online and no one's ever heard of funnels, right? I'm going to my warm market. They're fans of Tony Robbins. So they're warm, but they're not hot. If I talk about funnels, nothing's going to happen. Okay. So I'm going to get into this audience and speak differently and like, Hey, Tony, we built this cool thing called a funnel for Tony. It was amazing. And his people be excited and then I can get them into my world and I can warm them up and they will become warm traffic. How many of us came into my world because you saw, you came to my world through a Tony Robbins connection somehow. Cool. She saw me when it was videos on interview, you saw something, but you saw Tony first and then I warmed you up and then we got you into this room now. Right? So I'm moving people and sending them. Okay. Cold traffic, the way I look at cold and we're going to spend too much time in cold traffic. I want you to understand this. It's cold traffic is way different. In fact, a lot of you guys, I see it all the time. Like my, my, my customers buy through my funnels and I buy Facebook, then the bath, the bath, the bath, my phone, but I go like deeper. Nobody buys like it stops converting. The reason why is cause you have to like speak to people differently at all stages. So I was thinking about this, like cold audience. Imagine you went to, to the food court here at the mall. Is there a big mall here? Assuming there is. Imagine you go to the food court at the mall and you walk out there during lunchtime and there's like 800 people eating it like Chick-fil-A and McDonald's and everything. Right? And you're like, okay, this is my target audience. They're basically everybody. And so you pull up a chair, you step up on the thing and it's from the top of your lungs, you all, how many of you guys in here want a funnel? That's what cold audiences is. Right? I'm like, why is nobody raising their hands? Why? And they're like funnel cakes. Like I think that's over there. Right? Okay. But that's how most of you guys, if you're targeting cold, you're doing it as you're using these phrases and these words. They don't even understand. Right? So if I want to be successful and in the food court, like what would these people actually listen to? What are they going to raise their, what's the hook that's going to grab them? So I stand up on the thing and from the table, I'll be like, okay, how many of you guys want to get rich quick on the internet? And they all be like, oh, and like that's the message that would clever to the masses. Right? And I could bring them in and I can warm them up and I can make them hot, but you have to speak differently at every single phase. Okay. So as we talk about this weekend, I'm going to talk about like if you're targeting hot, you have different ads, different landing pages, different offers, if you're targeting warm, it's different ads, different landing pages, different offers. If you're in cold, it's different as well. Okay. But the goal to all of them is to send them up and move them to, to become your hot audience. That's, that's the best. And that's when this, this game becomes way easier and we'll go into that more. Okay. All right. So that's one thing you understand because, um, yeah, and I'm going to draw these little things here. So this is like, there's going to be different landing page offer things like that at every single phase of this, of this journey. It was interesting because like how many of you guys have, how many of you guys have one funnel that you drive all your traffic to? Let me just have two, three, four, five. How many things click funnels has? I'm kind of addicted to creating funnels. It might be an issue I created myself, but anyway, okay. So people are sending, they're moving through this process, right? Now a couple of things to understand is, um, if anyone's ever studied NLP, which is a fascinating thing to do someday, but NLP, they talk about like how humans make decisions, right? And most all of us make decisions based on one of two things. Either we're trying to move away from pain. So we're in pain, we're trying to get out of that pain, right? So it's people that are in your, in your world who are trying to move away from pain. Okay. So the example of that, if, uh, if you're in the weight loss market, the people who like, they feel overweight, they're in pain and they like, I'm one who's weak because they don't want to feel crappy anymore, right? If you're in the how to make money world, like I'm miserable, I hate my boss, I hate my job. I'm trying to get out of pain. That's their primary motivator, right? So initially, most of the people you're connecting with, they're trying to get out of pain. Okay. So I'm speaking to them differently. After you get here and you help somebody, my do learn going to fit exactly the same as over here. So I'm going to go, this is, this is the way from pain in the middle here where you are introduced to them. You're going to do something called opportunity switch. I'm going to go into that in a second. But then the next phase, then the next thing is then you're moving people towards, towards pleasure. Okay. Um, now what's interesting is that primarily most people make their decisions based on one of those things. Um, some people make their decisions trying to move away from pain and some people move toward wanting to move towards pleasure. So towards pleasure would be like, I want to get ripped six pack abs. So all the girls will want me because I want pleasure. That's why I'm doing this thing. Right. Other people like, uh, in the business world, like, oh, I want to make it. I want to, I want to, I want to mansion. I want to, uh, my own Ferrari, what my Lamborghini is like, that's moving towards pleasure. So people make decisions based on different things. Okay. Now when someone's in pain, they're more likely to make decisions to get them out of pain. When they're out of pain, they're more likely to make decisions and move, move towards pleasure. Okay. What's fascinating if you think about this, um, uh, in fact, I'm curious, think about this for yourselves right now. How many of you guys make most of your decisions right now? Cause you're trying to move away from pain. How many of you guys have not survived your life right now? Okay. How many of you guys make most of your decisions cause you want to move towards pleasure? Fascinating. Yeah. This room is higher. It's more heavily slanted towards pleasure. And one thing entrepreneurs make a big mistake of is when they're doing ads and doing landing pages and all this kind of stuff is that most typically entrepreneurs make more decisions moving towards pleasure. Not always depends on what phase you are in your life. But the thing is that we assume that that's what our customers are doing too. So we're driving ads and creating landing pages, making offers and talking about how to get pleasure, how to be exciting. But the masses, if you were to go to the food court at the mall, I guarantee you would be 99% of people are back here are moving out of pain. They're miserable. And that's why they would even entertain what you're trying to say. Right. So if I'm advertising these people, I'm talking about moving towards pleasure and none of them are going to hear it. Even here, no one's going to hear it. When they start getting warm and you've, you've helped them, then it's like, then those messages just start moving towards pleasure and more exciting. Okay. Two comma club message resonates really, really well here with you guys, right? Because you're moving towards pleasure. I'm going to get two comma club, two comma club X, like this, that message works really good here. Back here doesn't work nearly as good. Okay. Because people are out of pain. They're like, two comma club, I hate my boss. I don't want to go in tomorrow. If I speak to that, they're more likely to connect with me. Okay. So understanding that piece of it. Okay. Now in the middle here, this is where you are. This is, this is like where you have a chance to actually serve them. Okay. I'm going to draw that thing right here. I'm actually draw this person. So this person that you're talking to, you find right here, right? They're going to say you're messing them and eventually they become your person. And then now they're like your hot traffic, right? And you have a chance to like work with them. So right here, this thing right here, this is where we're doing something we call an opportunity switch. I'm going to go deeper in this probably after lunch. But if you read the expert secrets book, I talked a lot about opportunity switches. How many of you guys remember an opportunity switches? Okay. For those who don't, a really quick recap. When I'm presenting an offer to someone, what most people do is they, they, they, they make an offer of what we call an improvement offer. An improvement offer means like, Hey, I'm going to help you get better or stronger or faster. You just an ER and an improvement offer. Okay. The problem with improvement offers is that somebody has to admit that they suck at something to be able to buy your thing, which is really hard for us humans to do. Even privately behind our computer. We don't want to be like, Oh man, I need to buy this thing because I suck at this. It's really hard. There's a whole bunch of other psychological reasons as well. A new opportunity, an opportunity switch where we're like moving them from an opportunity switch to a new opportunity. Moving them from an opportunity, something different. We're saying, look, it's not your fault. Okay. You've tried these other things in the past to get a pain. They didn't work because it wasn't your fault. It's something else. I'm going to shift you to some, to shift you into my opportunity. Okay. So for example, I look at the customers that I'm, that I work with, right? Imagine this. This is a vehicle and they're in this car and they see this reason. Like I want to get up there at the top of the mountain where I have financial freedom. That's what they're looking for. Right. And they're in a car right now. Let's say the car that they happen to be in is real estate. Right. And they're like, I'm going on this thing. I'm going to like flip houses. It's going to be amazing. Right. So that's the vehicle they're doing to try to get financial freedom. Okay. If I kind of like, oh, cool, you're flipping houses. Cool. I teach flipping houses too, but like I show like an easier way to do it or it's better. Like some people might come to you, but it's a heart. It's like, well, I'm already, I'm already in the car and like, I'll get there eventually. Like I'm good. It's a hard pitch yet. And most people are making improvement offers. Okay. If I want these people to freak out and to drop everything and come to me, I can't come in and like, yeah, it's, it's similar. I'd say, look, that vehicle you're in, it sucks. You need to get out of it. I've got this other vehicle over here. It's called funnels. Oh my gosh. Like it's insane. You're going to love it. It's way better. We'll get either faster, we'll have a better time or cool people to hang out with. It's going to be awesome. And if I can give you some of that, there's an opportunity switch. They're switching from this opportunity to get the result to a different opportunity. Okay. Whenever I create any ad, any offer, anything, I'm thinking through this of like, and is this an improvement offer? If it is, it's going to, it's not going to get everybody excited. If it's a new opportunity, if it's an opportunity switch, I'm switching them from their current opportunity to a new one, that's what lights them up. I'm going to go deeper into this later on as we dig deeper, but that's what's happening right here. They're coming here, they're getting out of pain and you're switching them into your new opportunity. Every business should have one and only one opportunity switch. If you have multiple opportunity switches, you will give your people schizophrenia. In fact, if you look at my, how many of you guys have been following me for more than 10 years? How many of you guys in the early years got schizophrenia for me? Because guess what I got really good at? Create new opportunities. Okay. I was like, oh my gosh, this is the greatest thing in the whole world. You should check this out. And people are like, he looks excited. Let's go over there. And they all run to my thing and I give him this new opportunity. I be pumped and excited. And then I get the shiny objects in there like everybody else. I'm like, hey, cool. Oh my gosh, look at this. And I come over here and I'm like, oh, this is amazing. I'm like, okay, I guess we'll check out this thing over here. And everyone's like, but you said this is awesome. I'm like, it is awesome. But look at this. And I come over here, come over here. It's like, okay. And then I'm like, I'll excited. And then I'm there. I'm serving that level. And I also look over and I'm like, oh my gosh, what? Hold on guys. Oh, I freak out again. And then by the second or third time they're like, every single week Russell's got a new thing he's trying to switch me into. And they start leaving. They're getting schizophrenia. Like, hey, I can't trust this guy. Everything he says is the greatest thing in the world. Right. When we watch ClickFunnels, my biggest fear, myself personally, my team as a whole was just like, can Russell focus on funnels for forever? Right. And I was like, can I, can I? And luckily I'm four years in, you guys should be impressed. You see me like old ADD Russell. I was like all over the place. Right. But if you look at this, if you come into my world, have I ever deviated from that? You come to my world, like funnels are the greatest thing in the world. Right. Now you're in my world. I've opportunity switched you from whatever opportunity you were before. Like this is the best way to financial freedom. And I believe a billion percent of my mind it is. Okay. That's why I'm so passionate about like, I don't think there's any opportunity better than where you guys are at today. That's why I sell so hard. So why I push so hard. So why did I get you guys here? That's why I like we're going crazy. Like because I believe it so deep in my soul. Okay. So that's why we did that. Right. So I opportunity switched now the opportunity switch. Now inside of that we create what we call value ladder. Do I want to go through value ladder right now? I think I do. Yes. Okay. So you've read.com secrets. The.com secrets 101. Right. Now my goal in business is to create more value for people. Okay. I've created value ladder. I'm ascending them up. Okay. So the first time I ever started teaching this, man, it was probably 10 years ago. And the first time I like I saw it, I started watching, I started watching it with really good businesses. And what they would do is they would send, they would ascend people. Right. So what a value ladder is, is basically imagine this and there's like an access right here. Right. Where this access is like, there's a big dollar sign of how much money somebody's giving you. And over here is a big access that says value, how much value they're getting. Right. So what happens if somebody comes into your world and you opportunity switch them and you give them like a phenomenal, insanely amazing experience, what happens? Can you think about this back for those of you guys who are still single, you're probably in this, those of you who are married. Remember back when you first met your spouse the very first time. Right. My wife's Colette. She's beautiful. She's not here today. So I can tease her behind her back and she's probably not going to watch the recording. She doesn't know what this funnel thing is. So I can say whatever I want at this point, as long as you guys don't tell her. Okay. All right. So I met Colette the very first time. Right. And I see her. She's beautiful. So I'm like, I'm going to get my date. Finally, I get the guts up to make a poster board and drop it in her house and ring the doorbell and run away and ask her on a date. That's literally how I did it. I'm so sad. People are like, we're also not really an introvert. No, I really am. I didn't even ask my wife on a date. I had to do it through like spamming her. Like that's literally what I did. I spam my wife for a date. Right. So she gets the spam on her front porch and she's like, oh, and my wife's six years older than me. So she's like, oh, like you little kid. You're weird. But he wants to go on a date with me. And I'm like, all right, let's go on it. So she goes to go on a date with me and like, we go through this experience. We have dinner. We have a good time. And I was like, oh my gosh, I receive value from that exchange. Right. I was like, this is amazing. Like I want to feel this way again. Right. So I asked her on the second date and I had another great experience. I'm like, I feel amazing. I want to ask her on a date again and I kept feeling these things. Right. And as we felt it, we kept moving our relationship to the next stage. Right. And then we get engaged and we get married and then we get kids. We have five kids and then we keep going. Right. And like this is the progression. Right. So think about it. The same thing happened with your customers. Like somebody comes into your world and I guarantee if you guys came into my world the very first time you bought my book, you're like, this book sucks. None of you guys have been in this room today. Right. So I have to think like, how do I give someone so much value when they enter into my world? They're like, oh my gosh, I feel good. I need more of this. I want more value. Okay. If they do that, they're naturally looking for like what, like what else I need more. I need more of this feeling. I want to feel it again. Okay. When Tony Robbins came to Funlack and I have two years ago, he said something that had such a profound impact on me. He said, everything we do in this life is because of a feeling. I was like, no, no, no, there's other reasons why we do things. He's like, no, it's because of a feeling. Think about it. Why did you guys come here today? You're hoping to get a feeling. Right. Why do you eat the food you eat? You're hoping for a feeling. Why do you not eat the food that you want to eat? Because you want to look good and get that feeling. Right. Why do you show up for your kids? Why do you go to school? Why do you go to business? Why do you read books? Like everything we're doing is because of a feeling we want to get. And Tony's whole thing is like you can just feel that way. You don't have to like go through all the energy of all this stuff. You can just like sit there and be like, I want to feel good and you can actually feel good and you can bypass all that. Right. But what's interesting is like everything's happening because of a feeling. Someone clicks on your ad because they want a feeling. Somebody opts in because they want a feeling. Someone buys someone a feeling. They send through your world because of a feeling. So it's always like, how do I create an amazing experience where they have this good feeling? Okay. I'm making fun of contractors again. Last year we had these contractors come to redo our house and it was a horrible experience. We had a horrible feeling and the whole thing was negative. Right now we're starting building out a new office. We're literally going to put a bowling alley in the basement. It's going to be so cool. Anyway, sorry. Shiny object rustles on building bowling alleys. Anyway, it's going to be amazing. But they came back to me and they're like, Hey, we want to build your new office. And Austin what happened with flushed in my mind is like all of the horrible feelings I felt as they were destroying my house and not communicating with me and making me feel bad. I was like, I don't want to feel that again ever. It wasn't like the cost. It was the feeling. That's the only thing that came back was the feeling. Right? How many of you guys came here today because the final hack in life, you felt something and you're hoping to feel like they're getting it right now. Right? That's why we do these things is because of a feeling. Okay. So when you think about that, like as you're doing this experience, like it's all about what's the feeling I'm giving someone. Like if they feel good, they're going to want more than they naturally want to keep sending up. Okay. So the value ladder has got a couple of things. The goal is to ascend your customers up the value ladder. And what happens is you're doing that by you're providing more and more value to them on one side, which is really cool. And then the opposite side is that they're actually providing more value back to you. That's the magic of how this whole world works. It's the exchange. The more value I give you guys, the more money you give me and I get value in return and that's how the whole thing works. Okay. Now there's something really cool inside of Actionetics. We used to call it an action score. If you guys have gone to ActionX and click on a customer profile, find this little circle up there with four circles around it. You see a score and you're like, what is that? In fact, it's funny as I was doing this presentation, I sent this to our developers and I explained the whole thing. They're like, oh, that's what Action Score is. I was like, you guys don't even know. I have a horrible job explaining it. What that is, and we're changing now to value score. The name is going to be called value score here in a minute. Value score. This is how valuable your customer is to you. Okay. And there's four little circles around that. And the four circles stand for, there's RFMS. Okay. Now we are going old school. We are going pre-internet, pre-Facebook, pre-MySpace, pre-Frenster, pre-AOL, clear back to the days of direct mail, the Pony Express. Okay. Dan Kennedy talked to this. Gary Halber, like the legends of our industry taught this stuff. So there was a score back in the day called RFM score. Okay. Because what happened is, back then they were doing direct mail. Okay. When you do direct mail, in a perfect world, what you would do is you would just go get the phone book and mail your thing to everybody in the phone book, right? And hopefully the orders start coming in. In fact, when I was learning this the very first time, I actually literally did that. I think I was 14 years old. I read all these stories of people talking about how direct mail works. It's like, hey, you get a buyer list of people who have bought stuff, and then you write a sales letter, and you send the sales letter to the people who are proven to buy, and then they buy stuff. And I was like, this is amazing. I'm so excited. So for my birthday that year, my parents were like, what do you want for your birthday? I want stamps. They're like, what? I'm like, yes, I want stamps. They're like, why do you want stamps? I'm like, just please give me stamps. And they're like, you are the weirdest kid ever. And so they gave me stamps. I got 38 stamps for my birthday, because that's what they would have spent on presents than it being 38 stamps. I got 38 stamps. I was like, this is the most amazing thing in the world. This is so cool. And so then I wrote a little sales letter on my parents' computer. We only had dark blue paper, which looking back in hindsight was horrible. And so I printed out this one page sales letter on dark blue papers. So you can imagine it's like black ink on dark blue and you can barely read it. And I was like, oh my gosh, this is the sales letter. I had 38 sales letters. I printed out. I folded them. I put the stamp on all 38 of them. I was like, I'm going to be rich. This is going to be the most amazing in the world. And I was like, I don't actually have a list of buyers though to send this out to. So guess what I did? I got the phone book. I literally flipped it open. I was like, that guy. And I hand wrote it in. And I flipped it again. That guy. And I did that 38 times, got these letters, shoved them in the mail and mailed them out. I remember telling my family, I am going to be a millionaire. I'm going to be richer now. If just 10% of people respond back and I was in the math, I could read best stamps and like throw in the whole thing. And my dad and my mom are just like, oh, and my brother and sister's like, ah, making fun of me relentlessly. You could ask them. They teased me so much. Now a couple of them work for me. It's awesome. Anyway, so, yeah. So I mailed these, I mailed these, these, these blue pieces of paper folded over with a stamp and a little kid handwriting on them. Do the 38 people in Salt Lake City and guess how many responded? None. I was like, crap. This whole thing is a scam. No, what I understand is how this works, right? So I was just sending to random people with no idea if they're actually interested in anything, right? And so in direct mail, they figured out, I said, look, you can send it to like a phone big list, but it's really hard to make it work. So what we want to do is we want to send it to people who have been proven to buy stuff like this in the past, right? So instead of sending it to everybody, it's like, if I'm selling a weight loss plan, let's sell it to people that have already bought a weight loss plan because we know they're interested in losing weight. Now, this is what happens for most of us initially, okay? And this was my, I had a mental block on this for years before I understood it. In our mind, right? But they just bought a weight loss plan. They are not going to buy mine. That's what we're thinking, right? But you're completely wrong. Okay? I asked Caitlin this about Lady Boss. She said that the average woman goes on eight weight loss plans a year. Eight. Okay? So they're buying your thing. They're buying the next person's thing and the next, they're buying a bunch of things, right? So the best person to sell your thing to is somebody else who already bought something similar to yours in the past because they're excited. They're excited, right? So you go from like mailing the phone books just to people who have been proven to buy something similar in the past. Okay? Your likelihood of success has just gone up like 9,000%. Okay? So that's like the next best thing. Now it's like, now inside of the people who bought in the past, how do we, how do we call it? Like I would love to just melt the people to the best because I got to spend how much is the stamp nowadays? 30 something cents on a stamp, right? So I ideally only want to send to the best people possible, right? So how do we figure out like if we were to lead score these lists, how do we lead score them? When they figured out, the old school guys figured out there's three things we lead score on. Number one is recency. That says recency. How recent did they buy? Somebody who bought yesterday is better than someone about a year ago, is better than someone about five years ago. They just bought a weight loss plan yesterday means they're still trying to figure out how to lose weight. So recency is super important. Okay? So in the direct mail world, they call these hotline buyers. Okay? These people, the boss of them last 30 days, they live the best. That's the cream of the crop. Like that's the first thing you want. I want the hotline. I don't want to go anywhere else. I'm looking for recency. Okay? Second thing is frequency. You are looking for the hyperactive buyers. The buyers in heat were buying the thing and the next thing and the next thing and the next thing. Okay? If you guys ever heard this before, do you know the porcupines? Do you guys know how porcupines work? So porcupines, when they're in heat, they're like excited for a very short window, but it's like a two week window where they are in heat and they are having sex as often as humanly possible for two weeks and then they're done for the year. Okay? So we call this the porcupine in heat principle. So what happens is like, this is the real thing. I promise I'm making up on the spot. So what happens to customers, right? Like you're going with your life, everything's fine. These people over here, right? And then something happens that causes the massive pain in their life. Okay? I know this for myself. Like some of you guys know I've lost 35 pounds since two funnel hacking lives ago, which was pretty exciting, right? Thank you. But why didn't I do it before that? Okay? I was an athlete my whole life and then for eight years, like I gained a bunch of weight and then I just didn't for a long time. So why didn't I? I was never in enough pain. What would happen to me is every single Sunday, Sunday I go to church and in church I just put a belt on, I tuck my shirt in, which I hate that. I have a tie and I have a big neck anyway from wrestling, but I sit tie and it's like choking me. I'm like, I'm at church. I'm like, I am so fat for three hours. Yes, Mormon church is three hours. Actually, it's cut it to two. So we just lost, it's like, anyway, three. Yeah, for the Mormons in the rear. Anyway, I'm sitting there for three hours sitting in the thing and I'm just like choking, choking. I'm like, I hate myself and like Sunday night I am ready. I need to lose weight, right? I'm in so much pain and then Monday shows up. I throw my flip flops on my shorts, my t-shirt. I feel good. I'm out of pain that fast, right? The other sounds how your buyers are. They're in pain and like if you hit them when they're in pain, that's the best time to sell to them. So someone who's buying frequently, frequently is somebody who's in pain right now and they're buying a lot of stuff. Right now, they're buying a lot of stuff, right? I remember a couple of years ago, I took my team bowling and bowling is my, you used to be my second favorite sports, my third favorite sport now. And I am not a great bowler, but I will be soon. We're building one in our basement of our office. Anyway, so like two years from now, I'll play any of you guys in bowling, but took the team bowling and I have my own ball and my own little wrist. Anyway, it's kind of nerdy. And so I show up and you, anyway, I show up and I'm the only guy who brought my own ball, right? So like they're all like, oh my gosh, Russell must be good. He's got his own ball. I'm really not that good. Someone gave me a ball one time and I just always bring it. So we go out there bowling. We're bowling with everybody and I beat everyone on my team. It's for one guy, Mike Loveridge. And not only does he beat me in front of all my friends, he's teasing me and making fun of me and I was in so much pain that night. And we're going home and I started buying everything I could find about bowling. I bought new bowling shoes, new bowling ball, I bought a new wrist thing, I bought training, I bought ebooks, I bought course, I bought, like I was a porcupine in heat because I was in so much pain. I was buying every single thing I could, right? And then two weeks later, everything started showing up and my wife's like, why did you buy another bowling ball? We never go bowling. I'm like, because Loveridge beat me and I was so mad about singing. And then like, eventually like everything showed up and I like, I literally didn't bowl for like four years after that. But there was a window where I was excited, right? So if you understand, with frequency, it's like when someone's buying their porcupine heat, like now is the best time. So it's like, if I got someone, I want anyone who bought weight loss in the last 30 days and then if they bought more than two or three, like I know that like that person's even more valuable to me, right? Okay. And then the third one is called monetary value. So how much do they spend? Someone spent $2 on weight loss programs, not worth nearly as much as spending $1,000 or $5,000. It measures the level of pain that they're in. Okay. So what's cool about click funnels and action X when you log in the back office and you click on any of your customers, you'll see a value score. And there's, there's four circles and one circle is recency. One's frequency, one's monetary value. So those numbers shift on you and you can create a list specific say, I want anyone whose action scores over this or who is recency is this high or stuff like that. You can create lists just to market specifically, but it's showing you how valuable that human being is to you on your list. Okay. All of your guys action score. My database is awesome. Okay. Cause most of you guys bought recently, you buy a lot of stuff, which I'm very grateful for. Thank you very much. And you spend a lot of money cause you're all here, right? So your scores really, really high. And the one thing we added on top of that, which is like fascinating, I was doing a project with Jeremy Shoemaker, shoe money. And he had an email autoresponder back in the day and he did all these tests and all these data, all these analytics. And he found like the most fascinating stat based on like, I don't know, hundreds of millions of emails being sent. He found that if somebody puts in their actual social email address, the real one, like their Facebook email address, that person's worth 80 times more to you than someone puts in like a throwaway email address, 80 times. So much so that for his autoresponder, if they put it in email, they couldn't ping on Facebook and make sure it's a Facebook one. They just deleted the contact that we didn't want it. Just a waste of time. So the last thing I have is our social scores. So they're actually giving you a legitimate email address. So that increases as well. So right now inside of ActionAge, you can see this, how valuable that person is to you. One thing Todd's adding is he wants to be able to weight this. So some of you guys just like, this is the most important. So you could change it. Like right now it's 25% of each of these builds out your value score. But you could say like, recently is most important. I want to make that one higher and this one less. You can like actually start crafting what value actually is to you, which would be really cool. That's kind of concept of the value score. So your job, if you think about this, your job is to find your dream customers, get them out of pain, switch them into the opportunities, actually going to help them and then figure out how in the world can I make them more valuable to me? I do that by giving them more value. That's this game. Okay. That's what we're doing with business. It's not like everyone thinks this algorithm and all these nerdy stuff. Like we look at the actual thing. It's us working with humans. Thinking out, how do I find my dream customers who are in pain? Let me get them out of pain. Let me provide so much value to them that I keep changing their life every single tier of this. And then when they change, when they do that, they'll become more valuable to me. Isn't that fun? You look at it that way. It's real. It's human beings. It's these people who I would hang out with them anyway. If I had the opportunity to hang out with you, it was all one-on-one. It wasn't so introverted. I would love to just do that all day long. It would be amazing. You guys are my people. How many of you feel like this is like your family sometimes when you come here? Yeah. So I feel like I walk in this morning, I was like, I can feel tangibly the energy of this room. I love you guys because you think about like I'm trying and every single day, when you have time for 2ComicalX, this was not part of the program. We never had this, right? But I was like, man, if these guys can drive more traffic, guess what happens? If I can provide more value and help them get more traffic, they will make more money and then they'll probably send it to other things right in the future, right? They'll probably buy more things, probably come back to funnel hacking. They'll probably tell some of their friends about it. They'll probably do more things like, how can I provide more value? That's the constant thing. Okay? The other thing is 2ComicalX. Think about all the things we've added to 2ComicalX. It comes off of a constant, consistent question we ask ourselves internally. Like, how can we provide more people value? Okay? We brought you guys accountability coaches, right? How can we provide more value? We brought in, like I said, this event, we have all these things all come off of the question of like, how to provide more value to the people we're serving? If you guys have the same question, ask that over and over and over and over again. And this stuff back here, all the money stuff, it will just take care of itself. You don't have to stress about that. Use for you how to provide more value and people will naturally keep sending up and everything else to take care of itself. Okay? But that's the game plan. I wanted to paint that picture, she has to see it because all traffic really is people and we understand that you understand the goals and what we're trying to do with them. That's how you can sell them and you can serve them at the highest level. 11 o'clock. Thank you. All right. I'm going to do one thing and then we're going to take a 30 minute drinking bathroom break. I'm going to put this as, there's the final do this. If you want to take pictures of it. So there's the doodle from this session. What are we going to do? We're going to take a picture.