How many of you guys have some breakthroughs in that last little session? Cool. All right. I'm going to start compounding on this now. Okay. This is how I look at funnels and offers and pages and traffic and all these things. Right. So when I have a funnel that I'm putting together, I'm doing this ahead of time. Right. All the potential stuff we could possibly do. All different offers and things like that. Okay. And then what are the stories tied to each of those products that could be combined to an offer? If you look at this, right, we talked yesterday about hook story offer, hook story, off hook story offer at every single phase in this process. There's always a hook, a story and an offer. And this page, there's a hook, a story and an offer. Here there's a hook, a story and an offer. Here there's a hook, a story and an offer. Right. It's not just like this isn't the offer. There's offers every, every step of the way. Right. If I'm going to get somebody to give me their email address, it's an offer. You give me email. I will give you this. If I want somebody to click on my ad, click on this ad. I will give you this. If I want somebody to open my email, open my email, I will give you this. Like we're using this a billion times every single day. And I think sometimes we're thinking about just the big level of like, hey, I'm making the offer. Here we go. Ready? And the sell is the offer. It's like the sell is like the 30th offer down the chain. Right. We're making offers every single day. Every video, every podcast, everything is an offer for somebody to pay attention, to grab their attention, hook them, tell them a story and make them some kind of offer. Right. And so the reason I wanted to do this, I wanted you guys to see like what are all the potential stuff we can have inside this funnel. Cause then when I come back, I'm like, okay, how do I create this? Right. So I look like, let's, let's start maybe right here in the middle. This is where most of our brains go niches. Like here's, here's the thing I'm actually going to sell. So let's say it's my book, right. So I'm going to say, okay, the first thing I'm going to do, I'm going to grab this right here and that's going to be this right here is the book. Right. And then what's the next thing if they buy the book, I'm also going to give them, oh, maybe it's this piece right here. I'm going to plug that in. That's this right here. And then over here, I'm going to grab this piece. I'll put that right here. I'll grab this piece right here. And for some reason it's not irresistible. It's like, okay, if it's not irresistible, it means maybe don't do that. Do this one instead. Maybe I need this. And you're trying to figure out like, what am I, what can I create because everybody like that feeling would have to stop and like run around looking for their wallet. 12 year rust, let's go beg his parents for the, for the credit card. Right. It's all about making an irresistible offer. So that's the first step here. Right. But then I want to go this direction. Right. So here, let's say this is the product I sell. If back here, if I have a squeeze page or a landing page or a webinar registration or something, what's the offer here? What am I doing to get somebody to give me their email address? Okay. Maybe it's like, oh, I'm going to grab this right here. Maybe that's the offer for the email. And maybe if I want to get their messenger, maybe I'll grab this and that'll be the offer for the messenger. Okay. So for example, let's say this is the traffic seekers book in the future. Right. So you get a traffic seekers book, plus you can get a private members area with all the best in the world teaching the actual tactics of all this stuff I talk about in the thing. Plus you're going to get, I go through four or five things. Right. Because that's the offer. And I'm going to step back one page here. Okay. For the email, what am I going to get for the email address? Maybe I'll say back here, the offer could be like, if you give me your email address, I'm going to give you access to a one hour session, this really cool event I gave to my highest level clients. We did an event called traffic secrets and the very first opening presentation I talked about about the, about how to figure out exactly who your customers are and where they're at and where we're taking them. It's one hour presentation I gave. I'll actually give you access to that presentation, which might have been this thing right here, when you give me your email address. Okay. And I may have a messenger box like, I'll give you the video, but if you also want the transcripts, you can see my notes. I add messenger here and I'll also give you the transcripts. Boom. And now someone's like, Oh my gosh, I'll give you an email and I'll give you my messenger because I want the video and the transcripts. Right. Well, they got it. Now you go next page. Boom. Now I'm making the offer. Right. Cool. Now you got this. I'll give you the book. I'll give you this and I'm making the original offer there. Right. So go back one step. Okay. Now if I go back one more step back here, this is the ad. Right. So here's the ad. So think about this again. When I'm thinking about the ad, somebody's sitting there. I don't know why. Maybe I'm wrong, but I'm always visualizing whoever's on my Facebook feed, sitting on the pot, scrolling like this. Because I don't do that, but I assume that, right. So that's the mindset I try to get in. Right here I'm thinking about 12 year old Russell in his bed, like sorting junk mail. Right here I'm thinking about the dude on the pot. He's got two to three minutes depending on how he's feeling that day. And he's scrolling. What's going to get him to stop? Right. And like, uh, uh, yeah. Like what's going to get him to stop right there? Like that's the mindset going to be in K. So it's like, what, like what is the thing here that's getting him to stop? Right. So the offer for here could just simply be like, um, uh, hey, last month I did this event. It was amazing on his people. Maybe show some footage of the event. Like something to create desire. Right. Hook. I tell a story about this event. My top and clients who talked about this thing. And the most valuable presentation was this one about whatever. It's amazing. You click on this link here. Um, I will take you to page where you can request for your access to that video. Hook story offer. Right. Boom. They stop. They click over here. Boom. Hook story offer. They're free video, whatever. Right. The video here probably told the story bigger. They saw videos of it. Maybe here the hook is just a picture of me on stage, like pointing to the whiteboard. Right. And then the offer and then they go there and then go from here to here. Right. And they start moving through the thing. Okay. But when you're thinking like when you're doing a funnel, all it is literally is just like, you're taking all these potential things. You're breaking down like, okay, here's the hook story offer on this page. Here's hook story offer on this page. Here's hook story offer for this. And there's probably a hook story offer for each of the elements inside of this. I'm going to spend more time on this depending on how much money I'm asking. If I'm selling $27 thing, I might spend five minutes going through this. If I'm selling $2,000 thing, I might do 90 minute webinar to go through all this. Right. Just depends how much you sell, how much time you spend doing the story, hook story offer and all of these. And then after someone buys, then the next page is the upsell. Is the upsell and come back. Okay. Cool. Somebody just bought this. What's the next logical thing they need? Like, well, maybe they need this piece right here and they need this right here. And we start building the offers that way. Okay. A couple of things I want to do before we do the exercise. I want you guys thinking, um, the biggest question they get from people all the time is like, well, what price point should my upsells be Russell? And I know by the way they ask the question that they don't understand the problem. Okay. It has nothing to do with the price point. Right. What you do if you look at this whole thing, it's all about the logical progression of your dream customer. Okay. Stop thinking about his traffic and funnel. So I'm thinking about his human beings. Right. A human taking a Duke is on the top. He sees your thing. He stops for some reason. He or she, he clicks on it. Then he comes this page. Right. So what is happening? This page is like, cool. I want this free thing. Um, and then they come here and like, you're thinking through the logical progression of where they're going. Okay. Now, um, one of the, one of the mistakes I used to make all the time, it took me a while to figure this out. In fact, we didn't, it's, um, the first time we did the 108 split test book. Um, uh, I made this, this mistake. I thought, okay, people that buy split testing books, they probably really interested in split testing. Right. Cool. You just bought split testing book. You're excited about split testing. I'm going to give you this video course with like 5,000 hours of video split testing stuff. Right. Cause logically it's like, oh, they bought this means they must like this thing. And like my, our take rate was like a half a percent. I'm like so confused. I'm like, I don't understand. They told me to raise your hands. I'm interested in split tests, but for some reason they didn't. I couldn't figure it out. And one of my friends, uh, Tim Urway, he went through and bought my product and he messaged me and he was like, Hey man, how's the upsell converting? And he was like, da, da, da. I know it sucks. And I was like, what? I'm like, I'm not going to tell you, but why do you, why do you say that? He's like, I know exactly who did wrong. I'm like, what had you wrong? He's like, you assumed that because somebody bought a split test book, they wanted more split testing stuff. He's like, that is like a fallacy that for some reason all this marketers believe. He's like, you have to understand the second somebody buys this, whether they, they get the result or not. Second they buy it in their mind that this problem has now been solved. Think about the weight loss industry. Right. As soon as you buy a, an ebook about how to get abs or whatever that is, as soon as you buy it, even though the ebook hasn't showed up, you haven't read it, you haven't done anything, you haven't changed your diet, you haven't changed your lifestyle. The second you bought it in your mind, that problem has now been solved. So if I go to the next page, like, cool, you bought my app book, I'm going to show you my app core shake, but I already have abs. I just bought them. Like, you understand? Like, I don't need them anymore. Right. That's what's happening in the mind of your customer. So you think through your dream customer, like, like everything you sell opens up the next thing. Right. So if I sell you a book on funnels, next thing you need is a course on, like you need a software on how to like to do it. Right. So if I give you a book on funnels, the next logical they need is you need traffic to your funnels. Right. It's always like the next step. Like, what's, by giving them this thing, it solves a problem for them, but it always opens up the next problem. Right. If I give you six pack abs, now you got six pack abs, but the next problem is what if you want huge biceps. Right. Or what if you need to eat healthier? What if, what's the next thing that happens in their customer journey with you? Okay. So that's how you're sequencing, the logical sequencing of the offers you're making. Okay. So you're making at a micro here inside of the funnel. Right. This is the micro I'm taking them from, from whatever it is to the next thing to the next thing, but it also happens on the macro. If you come back and look at your entire value ladder, right. Like for my value ladder, I'm bringing people into funnels and then the same thing's happening there. Does that make sense? So the logical sequencing of my value ladder also follows the same principles. Right. Comes back to that question of how do I serve my customer? What can I do? Here's my dream customer. Let me visualize them. Like, cool. They just bought this book. Now they have this and they read it. Like, where are they going to get stuck? That's the next problem I'm going to solve. Okay. And they get that and they've got to solve the problem and what's that. Now what happens? Okay. Solve that problem. Here's the next thing. I look, I just look at like my books, for example, dot com secrets, help you understand. Oh my gosh, I need a funnel. It's awesome. And they made a bunch of funnels and guess what happened? And then the funnel's converted. And I was like, oh, the problem is why the funnels don't convert. Cause like you all suck on video and you're like not telling stories very well. So let me write a book cause the next thing you need is this thing. So I write expert secrets. Like, cool. Here's how you communicate with people and like you build the following, all that kind of stuff. And then what happens next? They cool, we got a funnel. Now our funnels actually have good stories. We're making some sales. We're not growing it. It's like, what's the next logical thing my customers need to be successful? Oh, they need more traffic. They traffic. That's going to be a boom. It's not the third book, right? But if you look at that inside my funnels, the process is similar to, right? And a micro happens and it also happens at a macro. Does that make sense? So steps in a funnel and then, and then offers in a value ladder. It's always thinking about that. Okay. So the question is not how much should I charge for it? The question is what is the next thing my customer needs to be successful? By buying the thing and getting abs or solving the problem, what is the new problem that happens after they've got it? Okay. And that's how you're doing it. And then you price it based on what is actually it's worth, right? Like, I try to get like a value of, I try to make it 10 times what I'm actually selling it for, right? So if I create something amazing in OCO and it ends up the actual value of my mind is like 30 bucks, it's not very good. I got to make something that's like 10 times that. So it's got to be worth like 3000 bucks. I'm going to sell it for 300, right? I got someone was looking at at least a 10 X value of anything I'm going to sell. And so that's kind of how we logically sequence through the offers. Okay. So what are we going to do during this exercise right now? We're going to spend three minutes again and just kind of work on your own is to say, is what we just did here is look at the stuff you created earlier. You kind of know these things now and why you start kind of placing like, hey, cool, all my ad, I'm going to tell this story here and the offer is going to be this when they come to the page, right? So they see the offer, they hear the story, they click on the button, they come here and they're like, cool, now I'm going to give away this. They give me the email. I'll give them this if they get a messenger. Boom. Now we got that. And over here when they buy, I'm going to take this, this, this, this and this. This is the problem it's going to solve. And it's going to the next thing that we're going to have to solve this problem is going to be this thing. And then we're going to plug that in. And I want you to kind of take this, this pallet of products you created and start creating offers for each step here inside of the funnel. Okay. Let's spend three minutes doing that right now. And then we'll. All right. Time. Okay. I hope you guys got good at exercise. We're doing a lot more of it here for the rest of your lives. That's okay. All right. Okay. I want to bring this up. This is the, the framework we're starting. We've been working on office thing. Okay. So again, yesterday I got a dream 100 starting your own show, driving these into traffic control or that you earn. And there it goes in the front end funnels. So the question I've already gotten a couple of people asked is like, well, what's, what's the front end funnel like? Is it, is it a trip wire funnel? Is it a webinar funnel? Is it this funnel? Is it like, what's, what's the funnel? It's the front end funnel. The answer doesn't really matter. Like it's just a funnel that's going to work. Right. You can use any of them. We use webinars as front end funnels. We use trip wires as front end funnels. The goal is just a funnel. It's going to, it's going to take these people and convert them profitably, at least a break even or maybe, maybe, maybe more. I call it here self liquidating offers. We call them self liquidating offers because the offer will make it so that the traffic is free. That's the goal. Right. So the goal is to make it so that the traffic is free. That's kind of the, what these are. So I have a bunch of them at once here because it doesn't really matter what type of front end funnel. That's interesting because I, we first wrote the dot com secrets book. We talked about value ladder. I was like, the lowest thing here and you go to the next thing and the next thing. And so everyone's like, oh, I have to write a book before I can do anything. And here's a written a book. It's hard, huh? It's like, of all the things you do, it'll be the hardest thing I promise you. Right. But it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's it's иск of all the things you do. It'll be the hardest thing I promise you. Right. But the book is a really good front-end because you can grab something you can ju writing a lot of value, but if you look at a webinar which is typically hire up the value ladder, actually we map this out real quick, webinars are great to lead with because you have the entire 90 minutes with them to provide the value right, to get somebody to buy. Somebody can meet me. Brand new. Never heard from me. I can get on stage and talk for 90 minutes and sell something. and they'll give me $3,000 because that webinar is what provides the value. So the value isn't always in the value ladder, like, isn't like, they have to buy the book and then you gotta wait two weeks for them to buy the next thing and then the next thing, it doesn't always work that way. Like someone comes in on this front and funnel and buys the book, that's awesome, and then I can start sending them up, but if they come over here and they register for webinar, this is the great front and funnel as well, right? And they may be like, well, they're too cold to give me $3,000, that's not true. You have time, right? Time's on your side, you have this clock where you have like 90 minutes to warm them up and build this relationship and builds rapport and then you sell it at the end, right? So instead of like, someone buys a book, they read it and then they naturally send up two weeks later. It's like, okay, we're gonna compress that, bring them in here, we're gonna do it really, really short period of time. We're gonna do it in a 90 minute thing and then in that session, they'll have enough time, now they're able and willing to go and buy my next thing. Right, same thing with like a high ticket, like a phone funnel. So if you had a funnel where you're selling people on the phone, like we drive people all the way, super cold into here, we're on the phone, and then the phone call is the warming up process. It will warm somebody up through the thing where they're providing value and moving up the ladder. So you can drive people initially to any of these that work. It doesn't matter, it's just creating one that works or creating multiple ones that work, right? We have conservatively, John, how many friend and funnels do you drive traffic to for us on a daily basis? About 15 or so, okay? And the way it typically works is usually one work really good, so if you guys watch our ads and you're like, man, I see expert secrets everywhere and you see it all the time and it starts going away and also like, oh, I see dot com secrets, oh! And it starts going away and like, oh, I see, and like, you're like, you see this blasting thing for a while, right? And the reason is we have an offer, it runs for a while, it's working really good, and then the longer you get it, it starts getting more and more stale, you get ad fatigued, more people see it, stops working as effectively, the cost to get people in gets more and more expensive. And so I think this point is where it's like, where a break even or close, then John stops that one or pauses or slows it down and puts in the next offer, which is like, boom, it works again. So you run that one for a while and then it starts getting more expensive, then it goes and starts getting more expensive and it requires customers to get to that break even, it stops it and puts in the next one and we keep rotating it through. And honestly, I think if you had three or four really good offers, it doesn't mean you have to do an offer every three weeks for the rest of your life, right? You have it and it works for, I don't know, probably as about four or six weeks, you think, four to six weeks it'll work and it starts wearing out and you put the next one in, it works four to six weeks, the next one in four to six weeks, and that point, if you run the first one again, it magically starts working again, right? So you just keep rotating through a couple different front and offers. So it's not just one, it's like, make multiple front and offers, that's okay. Don't do what I do and create tons, because then John's like, seriously, like can you stop creating new front and offers and just make more videos to sell the ones we have? I just love building funnels though, I can't help it, I'm addicted. All right, so, okay, so what we're doing right now is the next phase of this, okay? So how does this all tie in? Okay, so this exercise we did was really useful, but if you do it once, then it means you failed the activity. Okay, you gotta be doing this a lot. So if you come back, let's step back a second, Kramer. So we got the Dream 100 here. I'm gonna call this section list hacking. Thank you, James P. Frill for getting me excited about talking about this today. Okay, so here we got Dream 100, right? So we got all these people. Okay, and there's like different ways to do this, right? I remember when I was wrestling, my dad used to tell me, he said that a coach can take anybody to a certain level, right? He came to a certain level and he says, it's interesting, it's like you come in and there's all these wrestlers in the room and the same coach is coaching everyone. And some get higher, some get lower, but there's like, there's a level, there's a gap where a coach can take someone to, right? And he says that if you look at the difference between, all the people in the room, the people who become champions, there's extra 20%, it's not something that a coach gives you. It's that person willing to do what everyone else is not willing to do. And everybody, my dad told me that and he said, look, everyone else is gonna be wrestling practice the same three hours as you. If you wanna be a champion, we gotta do more, because everyone's doing the same thing, you have to do more. And I was like, okay, what does that mean? He said, well, I'm gonna come, as soon as practice ends every day, I'm gonna show up and then we're gonna wrestle for another two hours afterwards. So every single day, as soon as practice got done, all my teammates are on the underground dying and they're getting up and they're going to the locker room to change, I see my dad walk in the room, he come back down, I was starting my second practice, right? And I went from starting, I started wrestling in eighth grade, which was super late to start the sport. When my junior year as a state champ, my senior year took second place in the nation, it was all American. And I compressed a decade of time in two or three years because of that, right? And so for a lot of you guys, what you're gonna do is you're gonna do what everyone does and you're gonna target Dream 100, you have one front end funnel, you're gonna drive people through it, and that'll be what you do. And it'll work and you'll get to a certain level, but you'll be capped out of that. For those of you guys who wanna, how do you take the next level, how do you go deep, how do you really start figuring this out? It's when you start really customizing these things. So for example, one of the things James talked about today, he said when we first met me, I told the story, but one of my dream 100 is a guy named Dave Asprey, right? So here's Dave, who owns Bulletproof, the Bulletproof Executive. If you've ever had Bulletproof coffee, he's the inventor of that, right? And so I was like, Dave's got all these executives and business owners and all these people who I think need funnels, right? So I'm like, I could have my ad be like, hey, you should buy my thing and show it to Dave's audience, because we know Dave's audience is like, probably has interests that'll be similar to me. And it might do good, but we'll do a lot better, is what if I did this? I go and I say, okay, here's Dave Asprey, I'm gonna build a front end funnel, specifically for his audience. This is that 20%. I'm gonna build a front end funnel, specifically for Dave Asprey's audience. Michael, what do I know Dave Asprey's audience likes? They like Dave Asprey, right? That's all I know. Or they hate him and there's following because they wanna see the train wreck, right? Who knows, whatever. So I'm like, okay, well I know they do that. So what I did is I contacted Dave and his affiliate manager and I was like, hey, I have a cool idea that can help us sell a ton of your products. So you're interested and they're like, yes. I was like, cool, can you send me a whole bunch of Bulletproof products? And they're like, yes, he sends me like $1,000 with the products. So I get like Bulletproof coffee and MCT oil and these pads that have spikes on it that you lay on and you sleep at night. And a whole bunch of these other weird things that these biohacker guys have. And then I put a page right here and there's a video of me with all that stuff. And I was like, hey, if you're on this page, you must love Dave Asprey and the Bulletproof executive, right? Cool, well I did a deal with Dave where he gave me all this crap, all this stuff that you guys would love and he's given me a chance to get away for free. How do you guys want this for free? Give me your email address down below and I'll give you an opportunity to enter a drawing to win all this stuff for free. Just put your email in down below. And then we took that and then they opted in down here. It's like, cool, thanks for opting in. Here's links to buy this stuff direct. And I put affiliate links to all the products and things so they can go and buy it, right? And then we took that ad and then targeted Dave's audience. So people who were taking a Duke who loved Dave Asprey or scrolling, all of a sudden see this guy with all this Dave Asprey stuff and it's like, hey, do you want free Dave Asprey stuff every year? Like, yes, boom, they click on the link, come over, boom, give me your email address and then a chance to win. Boom, they put email address in and they're like, oh my gosh, I've never seen the spiky mat that I sleep on. They didn't try that thing. It hurts. Anyway, I'm gonna buy that and then they start buying and I make affiliate commissions. I build a list and hold onto other cool things, right? And I bring them into my world. Now I can communicate with them because I'm the guy who gave away this thing. Like, you're probably wondering why in the world did Russell Brunson give away Dave Asprey stuff? Well, first off, let me tell you about myself. Boom, I built the bridge, I built connection. And now I leverage that audience the right way, right? Think about this, let's say, couple things. This strategy is insanely powerful. We also be kind of careful because some people are litigious, so just... But if you do it cool, it's not bad, right? And in fact, it's really, really good. It helps them. And so, think about that way. I've seen some people try to do this who did get sued because they're stupid, right? Like, I saw someone go take some of Tony Robbins products and rip them off and have members there with all Tony's products for free. And Tony doesn't take lightly to that, right? But if you contact Tony's company, like, hey, I wanna promote your stuff, cool, I'm gonna feel like, cool, can I buy some stuff and do a giveaway? Who's gonna say no to that? Like, it's ridiculous. So what I did with Tony's stuff, I went to eBay and I wanted to find all the old school Tony stuff where he was super skinny. And because he was so skinny, he looked at his T3 even bigger and all this cool stuff, right? And I bought all these old Tony Robbins products. Some of them are out of print right now and I did the same thing. I was like, hey, I'm getting my best Tony Robbins products. Who wants to enter chance to win all these things? Boom, drove them to the thing, opt in free thing. And then we started getting Tony's people on our list. The same thing with Dan Kennedy, boom. And it's like, you're looking at how do I create front and frontals that'll grab those people and pull them into what we're doing? Okay, Robert Kiyosaki, I talked about doing this on YouTube, going to YouTube, talking to Robert Kiyosaki. One powerful thing, the hardest, the biggest thing to think about with this is like, is bridging the gap between the Dream 100 person and you. How do you bridge that gap? The example with Kiyosaki that works really well is opt in here to get a membership with my three favorite Kiyosaki videos that I learned so much from. Plus, I'm gonna give you commentary on what I learned and how it applies to me and how it applies to you as well. Now you got the opportunity in the thing that you're giving away or they're opting in for to actually have your voice in there and people start connecting with you as well. That make sense? So those are some ideas to get the wills in your head spinning. Think about all your Dream 100. Some of them, imagine this, this is like Gary Vaynerchuk, right? So you want to target Gary's like 5.5 million people on Facebook. So I go into GaryVee Show, I scroll through like 50 years of things and I find like one episode that's amazing. Then I go back to GaryVee's audience and this page is like, hey, GaryVee fans, if you're half the steps of Gary's I am, you've gone through all this stuff but if everything I've ever listened to in the last five years, there's one episode that the biggest impact and it changed my life more than anything else. In fact, it was so good I got it transcribed because I wanted to be able to read it. And from that I've made my own notes and it's like bullet list of the top 10 things that I learned and I have this next to my bed and I can see it every single morning. If you're interested, come over here and give me an email address, I will email you the transcript and my little PDF thing for free and then I'll give you a video of my commentary about what I learned and how it helped me and that way you can use Gary's stuff even more efficiently. Who would think Gary would sue you if you did that? She thinks maybe? I think he'd be a flattered, right? If any of you guys like, I'm gonna, anyway, I'm not gonna give you ideas for my stuff but like, you know what I mean? And then you start doing this, like looking through people's content that's free anyway. Like, again, don't take some of the products they're selling and give away but like people have so much free content anyway and if you go through and you're the person who's like categorizing and archiving and figuring out easy ways to do it, like that's value. You're providing value right there for them or you're giving commentary on it, okay? So this is like, these are like, that I just kind of went through like a couple like three free opt-in funnels that are super easy. But then the next here, it's like next level now is like, okay, these are free ones. How do I do, like if I wanna go from like just a squeeze page funnel where I get some of the squeeze page in for something cool and go to like a trip wire funnel, right? Where I'm gonna sell something. So I wanna figure out who my buyers are. Imagine going to any of the Dream 100 and say, hey, I want you on my podcast and that'd be cool. Get them on your podcast and then not only just through the podcast you could do something physical. Like you can make the transcripts. You could record and make a CD or an MP3 player. You could ask them like, hey, I love your stuff. Do you have anything you've created in the past that I could give to my audience? Okay, it's not hard to get people like, oh yeah, like what are you looking for? Like if you asked me something like that, if I had the time, like I've got so much back archives of content of 15 years of me doing this. If you're like, hey Russell, I'm in the real estate industry or I'm in whatever thing and I've got this audience. They're gonna listen to the podcast interview. Do you have anything else that I could give these guys? Like, oh yeah, here's this thing I did like five years ago. It's amazing. Here's a book we used to publish. I'm published, you can do whatever you want with it. Give it to you and then boom, you can make a free plus shipping out of that or something. Now you've got not just an opt-in, you get a free plus shipping funnel that you could go and create for that person as well, right? And so you're just looking for those opportunities to like, how do I create these front-end funnels? They aren't super complicated, they don't take a lot of time, but I can go and I can target people specifically in the Dream 100 and increase the conversion rate, decrease the cost because it's so hyper-hypertargeted. Does that make sense? Okay. All right. So the reason I wanted to kind of bring that up is because this exercise we did back here, not that one. Not that one. This one, this is the thing you should be doing all the time. Okay. If I'm like doing this deal, I'm like, okay, I'm going to target Tony Robbins audiences. Then here's my question. Okay. People in their Tony's world, what do they have? What do they need? Okay. What do I got? What can I put together? Like, okay, maybe we need to call Tony. Maybe I can do this. Maybe I can do a thing. Maybe I can, and you start building out this potential product list of all the stuff that you can figure out. It could serve Tony Robbins audiences better. Do you not legally get in trouble for things that are out there that are already free, stuff like that. And then taking that, okay, how, what can I do? Boom, the first thing, this could be on the video. I'm going to talk about the top 10 things I learned from Tony Robbins at UPW, right? Boom. You can watch this, I go through top 10 things like, hey, if you want a PDF download, you can print these things out, go over here and opt in, you're going to get that. And then over here, boom, you start taking people through this process, right? And sometimes, I'm trying to explain this. Like let's say I'm using this Tony Robbins example, right? Like this whole entire funnel doesn't have to be a Tony Robbins funnel, right? Let's say I'm using Tony Robbins because I'm selling funnels, right? So if I was doing this, like this right here, would be my products. This is the bridge between Tony and me, right? So I'd have something like, let's say it's a picture of me and Tony on stage or whatever, and it's like, hey, Tony interviewed me a little while ago. It was really awesome and it's home in Fiji. And here's some B-roll footage that I've looked amazing and it was super cool. And if you want, I can give you a free copy of this interview, just click on the link down below. Click on the link down below, it takes you from here. It's like, cool, get Russell's free interview with Tony, give me an email address. They opt in, they can, the next page comes here. It's like, cool, you get my email, for Tony's being emailed to you right now. And you may know like, why would Tony want to interview me? Well, I wrote a book that's really cool called Expert Secrets, and this book, Expert Secrets teaches how to be like Tony Robbins. How do you get on stage and share your voice and share your message and change the world? And so I figured if you're a Tony Robbins fan, like you probably like this book as well. And so we see that really cool deal for you, it's free plus shipping, I'll send it out to you and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Right? So this whole game, you guys, if you think about it, it's just bridges. It's like, how do I bridge the gap from here to here? From Tony Robbins' news feed to getting this copy and click. What's the hook story offer that's gonna bridge the gap and get him to come to the next page? Then on this page, what's the hook story offer I need to get them to give me the contact information here? And how do I bridge that to the thing I want to actually want to sell? And from there, how do I bridge it to the upsell? Like that's all we're doing in this game, is figuring out how to create those bridges and each step in the gap. Okay? I think I want to go any deeper on that at all if that's kind of the core stuff. Yeah, so let me show this picture here. Okay, so this is kind of what I want you guys to do for the exercise. We're gonna do this exercise and then we're gonna break to lunch. But basically, I just want you guys to start brainstorming. Like if I was to start to go create squeeze-paste funnels, I'd even go one step back from this ad to here. So go right here. So here's your dream 100. From here, they're gonna be the news feed where they're scrolling through. Then from there, it's like the funnel. You know, I gotta build 30 right now, but I want you to build like, if you were to go home tonight and you had a chance to target your dream 100 with one front end funnel, you were gonna customize for that specifically, what would you do? So what would be, who's the dream 100 person you're gonna grab? What would be the hook story offer here? What would be the hook story offer here? Like what would that funnel look like? I'm gonna kind of map it out just like we did, just like we did on this guy right here. What would be the pieces you plug into each step of that funnel? Make it customized so it's super targeted for his audience to plug them with you. This is the extra 20%, okay? So let's take three minutes right now and try to map that out for just one front end funnel. You could create tonight if you were to go back to your hotel room to target one of your dream 100, let's map it. Then to me. All right. Okay, for any of you guys who are looking at this, it'd be like, but Ralph, you want me to create that many funnels, that's a lot of funnels, like, I don't know if I can do that, super, super hard, click funnels, they're so confusing, right. All right, so old school used to be hard. We used to do all these things in front page and it was hard. But as you know, it makes it really, really easy. And I wanna like uncomplicate this for you for a second. Can you throw that page up real quick? How many of you guys have seen this page right here? Okay, so guess the long took me to make this page. Yeah, less than one minute. As of right now, this page, last time I checked, the conversion rate was like 79%, 78 to 99%. It is generating the last six weeks over 85,000 leads for me. It was pretty easy. So using this as a template, imagine this, you do an interview with your Dream 100, you have the interview, you take this page or a page like this where you have a picture and arrow in a box and a headline, you say, check out my amazing interview, I just did it with Dream, insert Dream 100 name person right here. And they have a picture of that person right here and say, get free access to the interview right here. And then you target the Dream 100 and then people come here and they give you the email address and then they join your show, they listen to your podcast, they do the thing, now you got them on your list and you can email every single podcast episode you have. Right? And you do it for the next Dream 100, the next Dream 100 and the next person and then you just do this over. It doesn't have to be super, super complicated you guys. I feel bad, none of them are in the room right now. So hopefully they're not watching from home but some of my amazing designers, I was like, I want a page and they designed all these amazing beautiful pages. I was like, no, no, no, no, like I want like an old school, 1998 front page style page. So they designed other ones that look like old school and I'm like, no, like literally I just want a white page with a picture and an arrow pointing to a box and a headline and then they didn't do it. So I just wanted to click phones myself, wrote the headline, upload the image, went to Google images, I was like flashing arrow and that arrow popped in and I stole it, threw it in here and then we launched it and if we talked about leads, so 85,000 leads basically in the last 45 days, if the numbers were only a dollar, please $85,000 a month raised by putting that page together. Was that worth the 30 seconds of effort? Okay. So don't like think, oh my gosh, trust me, I can't build a funnel, this is gonna be impossible. No, like it's not like, it's, you create an asset already, grab that, boom. Hey, do you want a free interview with Gary Vee? Boom, right here, email, opt in, throw the thing, next page, bridge the gap with the thing you're actually selling and that's the process. It's simple, it's easy, you can bust these things out really, really fast. You don't have to hire a marketing agency. You can just take this page, clone it, copy, paste, change the headline, boom and now you've got these front end funnel to start bringing people and bringing them in and bringing them in and bringing them into your world. Okay, that makes sense? Yeah. How many of you want me to sell you this funnel template I spent years on? Yeah. I shouldn't have undersolded so bad. Actually, I've flashed an arrow and I didn't honestly steal from Google images. I did initially and I had my guy in me remake it because I felt guilty so it's actually legit, my version of it. If you guys want to rip it off, it's, I'll see you, just kidding, I won't. All right, okay, so that's front end funnel. So, guys, front end funnels are fun. The biggest thing I want to stress, I know most of you guys know this in the room, there's people who watch this in the room who don't know what I'm talking about. That I want to kind of stress is the fact that what we call these front end funnels, once again, is we call them break even funnels, or self-liquidating offer funnels, okay? So many of us who are in this business think that this is our business. Right, across, I'm working my first funnel, I'm working my first funnel, I'm working my first funnel, and I stress about this first funnel they're building for crying out loud and they spent six months a year. Some of you guys don't have click-funnels accounts now. Who doesn't have a click-funnels account in this room? I'm not gonna tell you. I know for a fact that some of you guys don't have a click-funnels account because you're waiting to build your first funnel. Are you kidding me? Like, it's insane, it's insanity. Like, do this tonight and then you have a funnel, and then every time you do your Facebook lives, you can push somebody into a funnel, right? Like, the process starts right now, not tomorrow, not a year, like this should not be a super complicated process. Okay, headline, image, opt-in box. You don't need an image, if you picture of you, take a picture of your phone real quick. Now you got your image, like it's that simple to make something right, and then you have something to start pushing people into, to start pushing people into, okay? Now again, the biggest power of click-funnels is how fast and easy it can get to getting things out. Like, don't stress about like making it perfect, just getting stuff out, getting stuff out, like trying to figure out what's gonna work. One of my favorite stories is Trey Llewell when he came into our click-funnels world, he came from selling t-shirts, and he's moved on to click-funnels, and then he did what all good entrepreneurs do, and he instantly upgraded our inner circle, gave me a whole bunch of money, which is awesome, and he's like, I'm building my first funnel, this is what's gonna be, and he showed it to me, and I'm like, cool, it's awesome. He launched it and it bombed, and he's like, ah, I'm trying another one, and it bombed, and he's like, you know what? I'm gonna do a funnel every single week until one of these things hit. You ever heard me tell a story for? It's amazing. That was the first funnel, that was okay. Second funnel, third funnel, fourth funnel, fifth funnel, sixth funnel, seventh funnel, eighth funnel, ninth funnel, 10th funnel, and then before he started the 11th funnel, they were moving out of his home to do the home, and they had these flashlights that they used to sell on some Shopify store, they didn't sell, they didn't move very well, and they were gonna be moving these to some other office, and he told us, bro, like, just throw that up for this funnel this week, let's just sell some flashlights, and they threw it up on a funnel, instead of calling it a flashlight, they called it a survival flashlight for whatever reason, because some of the attack you can shine in people's eyes, launches that funnel, and does $20 million over the next six weeks, insane, right? So you don't know, so if we're spending, from funnel hacking life till now, trying to get the perfect funnel, you're doing it wrong. Like it's taking a whole bunch of crap and throwing it against the wall, and seeing what sticks, right? It's not trying to get this thing perfect, and trying to figure it out, like, that's the power of click-funnels. You can do a funnel week, you do a funnel a day, okay? Every time you do an interview, like every time I do a Facebook live, I can make a funnel about the Facebook live, like, oh my gosh, I see this Facebook live, it was amazing, talk about hook story offer, you wanna give me an email address, and I'll take you to the thing, and start using that, start generating leads, like, now that we've been drilling your mind of the importance of having these lists, and having this black box, everything you can be doing should be creating that, okay? And you'll keep getting better and better and better as you do it, okay? But you're putting out these front end funnels, I just want this to break even. If I break even, if I get a customer from here to come into here, and it's free, like we won. I remember Steven and I did a funnel for a guy, and I'm not gonna mention his name, because it'll make me angry. We were trading for this thing, and it was really fun, and then we built in this funnel, and we launched it, and I don't remember the exact numbers, but I remember we were freaking out. Do you remember this? We were like, going nuts, and we're like, oh my gosh, like, this funnel, it was above, it was like, I think they were like, it was like one and a half times, a creature on an ad spend, like super profitable up front, and their team was all pissed, and they're like, oh, well, they can only made like $500 this week. I'm like, dude, it's profitable on the front end, like you don't understand, like when we have a funnel that breaks even on the front end, we're like celebrating, having party, like, oh, this is amazing, we broke even, like, because we know that means we got customers for free, and then because we have a value ladder, we send them up, everything happens at this point forward, it's pure, unadulterated profit that goes into our pockets, right? The second ad I don't have to buy, because I've got them in here, now everything else they buy here is free, right? And we're telling this, they're like, oh, but like the return of ads is not good enough, and they're like, all these things, and they end up shutting the funnel down, and like, we were like literally gonna go fly out there and kill them, because we were so angry, because they didn't understand, like, if you have a funnel that breaks even, you should be celebrating, if you can get customers for free, you should be celebrating, but if you only have a funnel, and this is your entire business, then you're gonna be in trouble, because this is not a business, right? This is how we convert people from over here into boom into our world, now they're in our world, now we can serve them, right? Now we can take them next time, now we can do what we need to do to get them the results they want, okay? We provide more value to them, and they become more valuable to us, and all happens in the next phase of just, now we've got them, now how do we send them up? This is where the money is made in the business, okay? You should not be making money in the side of the business. All this money you make here should be dumped back into here to keep generating the same, keep this thing growing, keep it growing, and keep it growing, and then after they're here, now this is where, this is where your business is made, okay? So for some of you guys who've been struggling at this point, it's like, oh, that's why Russell, I only have this. I spent the last six months building a trip wire funnel, that's good, you should have it on a weekend, right? Because you're stressing about writing a book, don't write a book, this is ridiculous. Guess what our best selling trip wire is? It's not the books I spent a year writing. It's the stupid piece of paper, it's literally the perfect webinar piece of paper. It's a piece of paper, that's our highest converting one. John's like, can you know the piece of paper? I'm like, but I wanna write a book. He's like, why? I'm like, this is my ego, I don't know, I have no idea. It doesn't actually convert as well, but so it doesn't have to be these fancy things, like go this weekend and map out in your list of products, like what could you bust out this weekend? Like, okay, well I could interview that person, that person, that person, I could do three or four interviews, I could do a thing, I could get transcript, I could put together a thing, I could put together an offer like that. Like get good at just trying these things fast because I have no idea if it's gonna work, right? And so if I spend six years doing it and I throw it against the wall and it falls down, I'm like, oh crap, right? I suppose it's like, nope, nope, nope, boom, ah, that's stuck. Sweet, let's do more of that, right? That's like honestly the power of click funnels. The biggest problem I had prior to click funnels, it took us on average three months to launch per funnel, okay, so I had four shots a year with our team and usually one out of four worked, losing we had one funnel worked per year out of four shots. In some years, none of them hit, which is a scary thing, right? And so like that was like my reality, it's like best case scenario, we got four funnels. Right now I can sit down tonight, during our lunch break, I can sit down, I could bust out five new frontend funnels based on interviews I'd done in the past and have them up and running and John Drive and Ashton by morning, right? Not that hard, that's the power of what we're talking about here, so doing things, doing things, and realizing breaking even, breaking even, as soon as you get to break even, that's like boom, now it's off the races. When you have a funnel of breaks even, you guys should be in the group freaking out, flipping out, doing dances, having a party, which I'll be celebrating it because that's when you won, okay, when we get a funnel of his break even, that means that's at least a million dollar your business on the back end, if you do it right, okay? So that's what we were talking about after lunch is how do you do it right? How do you, after you've got these people, what's the process, how do we take them, how do we send them, how does that all look? And that's gonna be the next and the last phase we talk about during this event. And then I got one cool bonus session about some ninja cool stuff that I thought would be fun to share as well.