Oh man, what a fun day yesterday. I think you guys have let me play and have fun and go way over time. And thank you for all the film crew and all the everyone's coming back late at night and like a five minute notice. This has been super fun for me and I love it. So I'm excited for today. We're having a good time. Before we get too deep, I wanted to share just kind of one story. I shared this at the Drybar Comedy Club. It was powerful. I think it will be good for everyone here. How many of you guys ever do something and you're publishing, you're trying these things out? You put a video out and it gets like 17 views and you're like, dang, I wasted my time. Right? Or you put out a blog post and the only person that read it is your mom. And then she didn't even like it. She's like, what are you talking about? That's not true. And you're like, mom, come on. Okay. It's tough, right? So the second Fun Aliking Live, one of my friends came and spoke, Sean Stevenson, the three foot giant, if you guys know Sean, amazing, amazing human being. And it's fun. Fun. We're working on a project with him and Brandon, who's filming some of your stories down the hall. He captured, he's making this video now with Sean and he found this clip from Fun Aliking Live that Sean spoke at. And it was the clip, Sean's entire presentation was one thing to just resonate with him. He's so strong. I remember that for like two or three years. So he found it. He saw the clip and he sent it to me and I watched it again and just got super emotional and it was powerful. And what he said, he said that, he said, how many guys put out a video in your Mac? It's like, oh, only 30 people liked it. Or I got 15 views or I got two comments and you're like, all bummed because nothing happened. And he started talking about it. He said, those likes, those comments are people. And he said, you know how the helicopter pilots who are flying when there's a boat that's crashed in the ocean, the helicopter pilots coming, they're trying to save all these people in the ocean. And they come down and they see all these people and they're like, who do we save? We can't save everyone. People are gonna die. Some are gonna live, some are gonna die. Which saves someone. He's like, how do we know who to save? Right? And Sean asked that question and we all kind of thought for a minute. And then he said, this is what happens in their training. He said, the only people you can save are the people that are swimming towards the boat. They're swimming towards you. He says, they get down to get close and they see the people are swimming towards them and they save those people. They grab them and they move them out. They come back, people are swimming towards them, save them and then grab them. He says, if they were to go and try to save everybody who's floundering around, people who are going away, all that kind of stuff, he said, everybody else would die. They wouldn't be able to save anybody. His message was, you can only save the people who are swimming towards you. And so when you look at that, like the people that are swimming towards you, it's like you put something out there, maybe there's only 17 views or 37 comments or whatever that thing is and you're freaking out and you're stressed out, but those are the people that are swimming towards you. And at first it's gonna be small. You're making a little ripple in the thing, but as you keep doing this and you're consistent, you do it for a day and then a week and then a month and then a year and now 10 years and now 15 years, that gets bigger and bigger and more people will start swimming towards you. When I started this game 15 years ago, I never visualized this. I dreamt about it. I saw other people had stuff like this. I was like, and I put in my dues, I put in my dues and I put in my dues and it compounds. And so don't freak out if you're not a bajillionaire tonight or tomorrow, it's a consistency thing, right? Tony Robbins says that we always overestimate what we can do in a year and we underestimate what we can do in 10 years. If you guys saw the vlog we put out yesterday with me on the private plane, didn't even see that yet. You guys all too tired last night. We had a crazy week two weeks ago anyway. But we actually had this flight and then in the video, I flew on Brian Underwood's Private Jane, Brian is the owner of Proobit. And Proobit launched the exact same time that ClickFunnels launched, like simultaneously. But if you go back two years prior to that, so six years ago, two years before ClickFunnels, two years before Proobit came out, Brian and I did a project together. It was something we both put our time and our energy and I put about six months of my life into it. It was this concept, it was an idea, we launched it. And from the outside, it looked amazing. We got 1.5 million people to subscribe to this thing in six weeks, we're like, we're gonna be rich, this is it. Like, see, and all be all like, I am retired, this is done. And then like, it never finished. Never ended up happening, the whole thing collapsed. I think when all is said and done, I think my entire commission check from the six months worth of work and the project was like $47. Which if you do the math on that, that's like a dollar every third or fourth day. It's pretty bad, like, you remember Napoleon Dynamite when he's like, that's like a dollar an hour, like it wasn't even a dollar an hour, it was like a dollar every week. So it was a lot of work and it's just those things where you're like, I know this is the thing and it didn't work. But what's interesting is that that, like the skills I learned during that process, like it opened up my capacity to be able to handle the next thing and the next thing and the next thing and you kept doing it, you kept doing it. Cause when you do, when you jump into something new, you guys notice this, like at first you're like unequipped to do it, right? This is really hard, I can't do it. And then all of a sudden, like, if you take the challenge and you actually move through and you do the thing, you increase your ability, your capacity increases, and then when you get to do the next thing, you're prepared for it. If someone would have given me this gift of click funnels 15 years ago, guess what would happen? I would have destroyed it and burned it to the ground, right? I was not prepared. I had to go through 15 years of trial and error and trial and error and trial and error to increase my capacity, increase my capacity. So when I had a chance to step into this mantle in front of you guys and do this thing, I was ready for it. So don't stress out if you're like, I want to be on the stage doing the thing, like, you'll get there, you just gotta be consistent and keep being consistent, keep being consistent. So six years ago, that company collapsed, as Brian is on the brink of bankruptcy, so am I, when I try to figure out what to do, okay? Two years later, he launches Proovit, I launched ClickFunnels, four years later, Proovit this year will do half a billion dollars in sales. ClickFunnels will do over a hundred million dollars in sales. And so if you had asked me, like, in that year, I was like, we should be making millions of dollars this year, we didn't, right? We overestimated what we could do in a year, but if you had told me that we'd have a hundred million dollar company, you'd have a half a billion dollar company within five, I wouldn't have believed it. We underestimated it's possible in a decade. So be in this game for the long haul, because I promise you, it's worth it. And everything compounds upon itself and it grows and it grows and it grows. So don't stress out if you're like, where, I'm not where I want to be yet. Most of us aren't in a year, but I guarantee you'll be way past what you think's possible in the next 10, especially if you stick with us and hang out, because we're going to keep having fun like this. All right, okay, all right, let's jump into today. Today's going to be fun, I hope it'll be fun. All right, so I'm going to kind of recap the framework that we started yesterday. So this is the framework of the Traffic Seekers book. The first half of this is the familiarization you guys know? All right, so the first half, if you start on the left hand side over here, the foundations whole thing is the Dream 100. The foundation of traffic is not how to run a Facebook app. The foundation of traffic is understanding where are my dream customers already at? Who already has those people? Who's already congregated and figuring out exactly what those pockets are. Because some are on Facebook, some are off Facebook, some are on blogs, some are on podcasts. They're all over the place. When you open your eyes to that, your world becomes huge, right? So the first step is understanding the Dream 100 and really understanding. We talked a lot about like Dream 100 isn't just sending out boxes to people, right? It's about following the people, getting to know them, getting them to figure out how can I serve these people? What can I do for them? How can I get to know them, right? At an intimate level. The more you do that, the more you understand the market, the more you understand the people in the market, the better you can influence them and the better you can do relationships and deals with them. Number two step in this, I've challenged all of you guys to start your own show. A bunch, how many of you have published your first episode last night? I was tagged in a few of them. Yeah, good job you guys. Congratulations, Flowshook Action. The rest of you guys, you have to lunch today and then we're kicking you out when you just can. We'll have that as a criteria when you come back through the door. Did you launch your thing yet? Publishing a show. The goals of doing the show are multiple, right? Number one, for you to find your voice. Number two, for you to test material. Number three, for you to test your hooks and figure out what things people actually resonate with. Number four, to have a platform that you can now use to leverage your Dream 100. All these things are so vitally important. So you start getting your message out of the shirt if you're coming comfortable. And again, it doesn't have to be a Facebook Live, it could be a blog post, it could be a podcast, could be whatever medium you guys feel most comfortable and that's the next step. The show is distribution channel, it's on other platforms, you don't own it, but you do control it and it's a super powerful thing to have. So Dream 100 and then you have your show. Now the next step is we start leveraging the Dream 100 to get traffic we control and traffic we earn. We figure, okay, here's the Dream 100, here's the people we're gonna be buying ads from, we're gonna be leveraging, see if we can buy our way in. And then down here, it's like, how can we also work our way in? So you're leveraging all these pockets of customers to either buy people into your funnels or to work and get them free into your funnels. So that's kind of where we left off with tonight or last night. So today we're gonna pick up now on this next phase, we're gonna be going into front end funnels, how to convert all this traffic into your lists, where we're talking about how to actually convert this into traffic that you own. I'm gonna be walking deep into that today. And then from there, after you own this traffic, now how do you ascend those people? How do you provide more value to them? And then they provide more value back to you. How many of you guys have heard me talk about the concept of break even funnels in the past? How many of you guys get that and you're like, sweet, I get it. Okay, this is like, I love that we're like, as a community getting, when I first started talking about breaking even funnels, like it was like I was speaking Chinese to people. But I go, wait, wait, wait. So you drive traffic and you try to break even. I'm like, yes, we break even, we freak out, have a party. But you just broke even. I'm like, you won't understand the first funnel is just to get the person into my black box. Now I own them, if I can get that person for free, oh my gosh, but all they sell is one thing. I'm like, you have to stop selling just one thing because if you do, it doesn't make any sense. In fact, oh, can I make fun of people today? Am I allowed to? Okay, this is two, this is probably like, I'm gonna get so much trouble for this. All right. I'm so sorry. This is what you get when I'm unscripted. Okay, so, Infusionsoft announced this week to their partners that because so many people have been teasing them about their name, you guys, it's your fault, not mine. I, I, I made the t-shirt, but you guys wore it. He's got it right now. Yeah. I did not know we were gonna have one of these. So it's your fault. So because you guys keep wearing these shirts everywhere and they got upset, they are taking 18 years of branding and flushing down the toilet and changing their name. Oh. So they're gonna have a whole new name, which is not confusing at all. That makes it total logical. Anyway, so, but in other news, with the new rebrand, they decided they needed more, they needed to have more money. So they had two options. Number one, they could have hashtag done Russell didn't actually build a funnel, or number two, they could raise $20 million new funding and they took number two. So they just raised $20 million new funding to be able to grow their company. I'm like, how much more money do you need? You have 100, whether 147 million they've taken so far, or they could have just built a front and funnel. Anyway, I don't know. So I'm praying that you guys don't take on funding, like this is so much easier, I promise you. Okay, I'm so sorry. If any of our few soft friends are watching this, I didn't wanna offend you. I just, I, okay, all right. So it's your fault. All right. Okay, so where'd you up in front and funnel? That's the session today we're gonna talk about. To begin with, I wanna talk about your black box. This is the traffic that you actually own, okay? Back in the day, this was an email list for me, right? All we ever talked about, build a list, build a list, build a list. Today the markets and what we have has evolved, it's grown, it's gotten better, and it's amazing, right? And so what your black box is, it's bigger than just list, is all your data, right? We call it the black box because, I think I mentioned this yesterday, if you look at like a plane, right? When a plane's flying, in every single plane, there's a black box, and the black box is hooked up to all the central everything, and it's recording all the data inside the plane. It's recording the engines, the lights, the takeoff, the speed, everything's happening in planes, recording everything all the time, and stored in this black box. And the black box is there, so the plane wrecks and it dies, and the whole thing blows up. The black box is like indestructible, like it's always there, and they go through the wreckage, they find the black box, they pull it out, they open it up, and they see exactly what happened into the plane, right? So it's like all the centralized data that's protected inside of a plane, so they have it no matter what happens, right? So that's what the black box is. For you, it's the same thing. This black box is all the data, everything you're doing in your business, all the ads you're buying, all the things you're earning, everything's happening out here. It should all be collecting into this black box because this is your tangible asset. When somebody buys your business, somebody, this is what they're buying, is this black box. It's your customers, it's your data, it's all that stuff, like that's the most valuable asset inside your business, okay? And so what is inside your black box? There's a whole bunch of stuff, and it'll probably continue to grow. I kind of made a list, these are all your pixel data. This is your emails, it's your subscribers, it's your Facebook message, your people, this is your buyers, your hyperactive buyers, your phone numbers, your addresses, your desktop push notifications, all the data from all the subscribers, all the customers, everyone you've got, like this is all that stuff that you're getting inside your box, okay? This is the traffic that you own. And over this presentation, the next presentation, we'll start going into how to use all this stuff and the sequencing and how it works, and it's like college behind all of them, so you'll get deeper into this. But the biggest thing I understand is like, that's our goal in our businesses, okay? Yesterday when Nick was up here, you remember talking about that, like Nick, you're doing this Facebook live, it's awesome, have you ever had given a call to action to give somebody to get into your black box? He's like, no, this is the part you're missing, okay? This is the magic trick when, man, every time I almost went bankrupt in my company, which hopefully is encouraging to all of you guys, more than once, my black box, this is what saved me, right? It's like everything's falling around. I remember, I think I told you yesterday too, I was in the office with a bankruptcy lawyer trying to explain things, and I was like so frustrated, because in fact it was funny, because the first thing he asked me was like, do you have any money? I'm like, no, that's why we're here. He's like, well, how much, do you got like any cash at all? I'm like, I got a couple hundred bucks, he's like, okay, pay me that and that'll be my fee. I'm like, that is like horrible. So like, here's the last money I have, and then I'm sitting there, and as I'm sitting there listening to him talk about these things, I was so annoyed, I was like, I have an asset that's worth insane amounts of money. And it's my customer list, my relationship with him. And remember going back that night, and this is the time we'd gone from a hundred employees, we had to lay off like 70 or 80 people, we were in this big huge 20,000 square foot building, we had to shrink down, we had to move out of this office, everything's happening, and I'm even the bankruptcy lawyer, because I needed him to go tell the property owner that I had to get out of my five year contract to this 20,000 square foot building, and it's like, all this is just stress, right? And so we're packing everything up, half my team just walked out on me, it was really horrible. I remember Brent and I were down in this call center we had in the basement, and they had kicked, they had these wax, sensey wax things that had been kicked over, there was wax all over the carpet, we're down there with butter knives, scraping wax off the carpet like two o'clock in the morning, because we didn't want them to find us for the carpet, because they had no money, all this craziness, right? I'm sitting there just f-sex, I'm like, everything's crashing around, so I'm like, we have this thing, we have a list, like how in the world, we have to figure out how to do something. As I'm sitting there scraping wax off the carpet, wondering what to do with my life, I was like, we just need to make an offer. What does our list want? What do we have to provide value with? I sat there for a few minutes, I started thinking of an idea, and I committed an offer in my head, and so that night I jumped my list, and I emailed my list like, hey guys, we're doing a webinar, it's coming up this week, it's gonna be amazing, I'm gonna talk about all this stuff, and I got people excited, and we got two or three thousand people from our black box to register for this webinar, and then the night that we had to be out on our building, the night like we had to hand the keys in, we're sitting there in this office, all the desks are gone, all everything's gone, all I had left was like my chair and a laptop, and it was like on this box that we had, and I remember it because I had my shoes off, I just had socks on, and I looked at it, and I had like three or four hundred people registered, like they actually were on the webinar, and I was like, here we go, I clicked, open, the whole thing opened up, and I told them the one thing, told them secret number one, secret number two, secret number three, I told stories, I built, broke false beliefs, I did the whole process of teaching you guys for the last couple of years, made an offer at the very end, and from that offer we made enough money to get into our new office, to pay the employees for the next couple of weeks, to get everything in spot, and have enough time to figure out like what we were gonna do with ourselves when we grew up. If it wasn't for that, I would have been screwed, and that's happened more than once. During the ups and the downs, and the ups and the downs in your business, the only thing that'll give you stability is this, your relationship with your audience. So if I haven't driven that into your head enough, just keep driving it in, this is the most important part about traffic. All this traffic stuff we're doing is just to get it here. Imagine tomorrow, Zuckerberg snaps his fingers, and everything disappears except for your black box, how long would you last? This is a scary thought, right? Okay, so that's what you gotta think about. If everything disappeared, this is all that's gonna sustain me, how big is that? What have I done with that? How have I built the relationship with those people? That's the tango asset in your business, because when that comes out, the ZenoStap happens, I hope all of us are prepared. All right, so I'm gonna walk through, this is gonna go back to some oldschool.com secret stuff. I'm gonna walk you through seven phases of the funnel, because these are the front end funnels, and I need to show you the phases, because this is gonna show you how we gather all this data in the black box, and the next presentation we start going to follow is just seeing then how we start leveraging all these things, and how the communication channels work, and the frequency, and all these kind of things as well. Okay, all right, so seven phases of a funnel. Seven phases of a funnel. The first time I ever taught this, actually, was at a Dan Kennedy Peak Performers meeting. Anyone ever been to, anyone here in Peak Performers back in the day? Were you there the first time I taught this? No, okay, it was really cool. He wanted me to come teach some ninja funnel stuff. This is pretty quick funnels, and I was like, thinking about it, I'm like, what can I teach, and I think that's the most valuable. I think the thing that people struggle with the most at that time I wanted to talk about was just the customer journey, right? Ever talking about how to get something to click on the ad, and then buy the thing, and it's just like, I can tell when people look at traffic as traffic, because that's the words they use. I'm like, you gotta think about it different. Like, think about traffic as people. Imagine you're going to the store, and you're trying to get people, it's just people, it's like, what's the path I'm taking these people on? If you're thinking about logically, it's like, oh, this actually makes a lot more sense, okay? All right, so this is seven phases of a funnel. Down here, this is our big black box. Call it a black box. So this is where we're gonna be dumping customer data into as we're going through these seven phases, okay? All right, so phase number one, this right here is what we talked about yesterday with understanding different traffic temperatures, right? So you have like, hot traffic, warm traffic, and cold traffic, okay? The first phase is like, when I'm doing this, like where am I grabbing these people from? I'm gonna communicate with them differently, depending on where they're at, right? If they're my hot traffic and they're my list, and they love me, I'm just gonna be like, hey, go buy this thing, and they're like, oh, they're gonna go buy the thing. It's really easy, right? So if we do that, phase number two over here, phase number two is, let's see, these are the little bridges. This is the pre-frame bridge, okay? So the hot traffic, the pre-frame bridge is really small. It's just me saying, hey, go buy something. With warm traffic, so that'd be bigger, I gotta persuade them and convince them. With cold traffic, it's even longer, like the colder they are, the bigger of a pre-frame bridge that you have to have. Have you guys read the book, or pre-suasion before? It's just Chaldeany's new book. It's awesome, it's all about this, pre-framing, the pre-frame bridge. What you do to somebody before they show up to your page is almost more important than what actually happens on the page, okay? First time I ever understood this, Armand Moran wanted me to speak at one of his events. This is back, this is the first event I ever spoke at, first of his events I ever spoke at, big seminar, like, I don't know, five or something, a long, long, long time ago. And what was interesting, Armand told me, he said, just so you're aware, he's like, the way that I introduce you on stage will have more to do with how you sell at the end than what you actually say during your presentation. I was like, whatever, he's like, no, watch this. And then I had spoken at some other person's event and he was in the room and he was just like, do you see how bad that was when you got on stage? The guy got up on stage, he's like, hey, our next speaker is Russell Brunson. He looks like he's 11, but he's actually older. All right, guys, Russell, come on up. Then he walked off. And I come on, I walk on the stage, I'm like, hey guys. And the audience is flat and Dan like, oh, I'm like, oh my gosh. And it took me like 30 minutes just to get people to smile and then it was really hard. When Armand did it, and he told me at the process afterwards, he's like, look at my room, I'm in the room, I'm on stage, I have all the authority. He's like, I'm here, I'm talking, I'm teaching, and everyone's loving it, I have all the authority here. He's like, then, when I have you come on stage, I'm gonna introduce you, I'm gonna make you look like a freaking rock star, I'm gonna build this pre-frame that's bigger than anything else. And then when you come on stage and come up here, and you can see me, I'm gonna shake your hand and give you a hug, which is like physically, I'm transferring my authority from everyone here, from me into you, and then walk off stage, and then you have that authority as I leave, and now everything's shifted. The pre-frame that you entered changed the whole process. If you wanna see this from an ad level, Mark Joiner taught me this, man, 14 years ago, he said, not all clicks are created equal. I was like, what does that mean? He's like, if you just get clicks from everywhere, it's not equal. I'm like, I think it is, like, as long as the landing page is amazing, like, it doesn't matter how people get there, they're gonna buy my thing. He's like, okay, imagine this. You see an ad on a page, and it says, Russell Brunson is the biggest scam artist of all time. He told me this thing, Fight Called Funnels, is awesome. Turns out, it sucks, it's hard, it's really annoying. Shopify's better, Amazon's better. Russell and I stole my money, he stole my kids and my wife, and I hope he dies. But he wrote a new book, you should check it out here, and there's a button. Right? Or he said, oh my gosh, Russell changed my life. This is what happened, how it worked. His new books came out, I just read it, and it legitimately is the next step, and the next, if you read this book, I promise you it'll change your life the way it changed mine. In fact, if it doesn't, I'll give you $1,000. Click here. Okay, they're both going with the exact same page, right? But the frame, completely different. Like, the frame has more to do with actual sewing than almost anything else you do. This was understanding us. The second phase here is the frame. So you figure out what the traffic source is, and what's the frame I need to position the funnel to actually convert to the best at the highest level. So that's the first thing. Someone's coming here, and again, the frame, people ask me, what is the frame? And it depends, it's a lot of different things. A podcast episode is a frame, right? I'm talking about something, I'm building a relationship, and I'm sending you somewhere. Nick's Facebook Live talking about his story with me, that was a frame, he would have sent somebody somewhere, he's optimally been like 95% because the frame was so good, right? The email you send out, the email could be a frame. Any piece before somebody gets something is a frame you're sending somebody through, okay? And again, with hot traffic, the frame can be, or the pre-frame can be a lot smaller, with warm it needs to be bigger, and with cold it's gotta be, in fact sometimes cold's longer, longer, longer, right? That's like when we're on Facebook ads sometimes, we show somebody a video, they watch it, and then we retarget them, because they're cold, right? And we're trying to warm them up, so we're retargeting them with more good content, more good stuff, and more good stuff. The bridge takes longer to build the relationships, we can give them to convert later, but that's kinda how it works, right? So that's how the bridges work. All right, so now in these bridges, some of these are like ads and stuff like that, so this is where data starts dumping down here into the black box, right? So somebody comes into your world, they say they're on Facebook, and they watch a video, it shows them the feed, and they watch some length of it, all of a sudden we have data on that, right? And so the data drops, so this starts dropping down into the black box, so the first thing I'll have is like, it's like pixel data, right? So we're getting pixel data coming in from people, right? Okay, then we move now here to phase three. Phase number three in this is where we are taking all of this traffic, okay, taking all of this traffic, and they're coming here to this page, and when they hit this page, a couple things happen. Number one, so they hit the page where they do anything, boom, we know they hit this page, we have pixel data, right? So pixel data drops down here, now we can follow them, we can show them ads, all sorts of cool stuff. But my goal here in this next phase is I wanna say from all the traffic that I'm sending, right? In fact, if you step back here, it's the same thing, from all the traffic I'm sending, who are the people that are willing to actually click on something, right? Those are my clickers, so I'm looking for clickers in this phase. Then over here, from all the people that land right here, who are the people that are willing to exchange their information and exchange for something cool, right? So email or messenger, so I'm trying to get their email, I'm trying to get their subscriber. These people are inherently better people, from a lead scoring standpoint, I'm gonna score people to give me their email address higher than I would score somebody who's just clicking on something, right? So here's my clickers, here's people to subscribe. Now on this page, you just have email, a lot of times that's for messenger as well. So that drops down, if they do give me their information, it drops down and I get two more points of info, I get their email, all email addresses start popping in and if I do use messenger, all the Facebook messenger IDs start popping in, right? So boom, that's dropped down in the back, black box, some gaps, string of information here, okay? So phase number three, so again, I'm getting, I'm finding my audience, I'm getting my clickers, I'm getting my subscribers, now something like my subscribers, I want to say, of all this world, this is where the whole funnel concept comes from, right? Everybody on earth, people who saw my ad, people clicked on my ad, people who gave me the email address. Now my next question, okay, if all people gave me the email address, who are the people that are actually willing to go and run and find their wallet, pull out a credit card out, I call that person a buyer. One thing Dan Kennedy taught me way back in days to look, you have to understand the psychology of buyers, a buyer is a buyer is a buyer, some new buyers will continue to buy until you either offend them or you stop selling them things, okay? So you understand that, if I understand of all the people coming through here, my buyers are gonna be a better customer and they're gonna continue to buy from me until I either offend them or until I stop selling them stuff, I want to identify with all this traffic, who are the actual buyers as quick as possible, okay? The reason why I do so many free plus shipping offers is because I'm trying to figure out who our buyers are, okay? There is a different mentality of somebody who will drop everything, run and find their credit card and swipe it or click it or whatever, or face, you know whatever, that person is a different caliber of a person for you, okay? So I wanna make an insanely irresistible offer, super low, I don't care how much money I want, low ticket, I just wanna qualify who of all my traffic are actually buyers, that happens in phase number four here. Okay, here's the first time I actually sell them something and then all of a sudden the buyer data stops popping out, right, with buyers I get their phone number, I get their address, I get their cell phone so I can text and my more data starts popping through here, right? But does that make sense you guys? It's fascinating, like how many guys consider yourselves buyers? I love you guys. And what's interesting is you will continue to buy until I either offend you or until I stop selling you stuff. I remember hanging out with Ryan Dice in the Bahamas and we were at Bill Glazer's mastermind group, we're sitting there with a bunch of people and it's like mine and Ryan's first and second year, we're still young, excited people and I was sitting there talking and he's like, why are you here? I was like, I don't know, could I get Bill a bunch of money now I'm here? He's like, no, no, but why are you here? Why did you give Dan Kennedy and Bill Glazer all this money? I was like, I don't know, what are you looking for? He's like, do you wanna know why I do it? I'm like, why? He's like, if you bought everything from Jay Bram, everything's ever put out. He's like, have you bought everything from social media? Everything's ever put out. Have you bought everything from social media? And we know four or five people, he's like, me too. He's like, I bought everything, everyone these guys bought. Porky, Binds and Heap. He's like, I bought everything. I'm like, I have everything too. And we're geeking out. He's like, the reason why I'm here, he's like, Dan Kennedy and Bill Glazer are the only ones that kept selling me stuff. I wanna keep buying stuff. And he's like, they almost kept selling me stuff. So understand that your audience wants to continue to buy. Okay, it's you that you just mental block, you're like, I don't wanna offend them. Right? But they wanna buy, they want the next thing, they want more of it. And so they will continue to buy until you either offend them or you stop selling stuff. That's why it's value ladder process is important. To keep letting people buy, give them the opportunity. All right, so I'm figuring out my buyers as quick as possible because I know these are higher quality people. Now after I've gotten these buyers in, now it's like, man, I'm willing to spend more money to market these guys than these guys, right? I'm willing to spend more in the market these guys than these guys, right? Cause it's just like the value of each person goes up at every single step in the phase here. Okay? All right, so these are our buyers. And then the next step is like, okay, I found out who my buyers are, but who are like my insane hyperactive buyers who just wanna throw money at everything? By the way, how many of you guys in this room? Okay, so then I'm like, who are my insane hyperactive? Like I wanna find out who those people are cause I'm willing to spend even more money to sell to them, right? So this is like our upsells, right? This is where we start selling more. It's like, okay, this first of my body for shipping book, maybe that was like a hard for them, but they're buying the upsells and the events and other things it's like, okay, these are our hyperactive buyers. I'm willing to spend more money to market to them than I would to people here, right? Lead scoring, recency, frequency, monetary value, right? All the stuff we talked about yesterday, like every step in this phase, that person, if you look at your value score in action edicts, he's going up and going up and going up and going up as they go through each step of this process, right? All right, now this is kind of where typically most funnels kind of end at phase five. Oh yeah, more data drops down here. We find out more who are hyperactive, or who are our higher value scores. So you got those coming here, so you can see the increased value scores as well. Okay, and this is kind of where the traditional funnel kind of ends online. And now it's like, this is where most people like, this is where most people with entire business runs, right? This is the whole break-even funnel. Like my goal, if I can get them to this point and break even, man, I got all this data for free. That's awesome. And if I have a funnel that's profitable, that's even better, right? Then I made money while getting all this data to start building my black box. Now the next phase, phase six, is where we start taking them off this funnel. This is where we call aging and ascending the relationship. Phase six. In case we're aging and ascending this relationship, right? So from here, it's like, I communicate with them. I get them up, listening to my podcast. I offer them other products. I take them to my webinar. I take them to live events. Like I'm taking them through other things, other funnels, other processes to deepen the relationship, right? And I want you to think about that. Like, I don't know how you guys feel, but I feel like every step, every tier, like you have a deeper relationship with the people you're serving, right? Dan Kennedy used to talk about, he said that if you look at how your value ladder process was to work, he's like, you're like the guru on the hill. And as people get closer to you and closer to you, they spend more money, right? Like people that come into my world, they just buy a book. I don't know most of their names, right? At this level, I know, I probably know 30% of your names, like pretty confident right now, if I was you right now. Inner circle, I know every single person's name. I know the back story, I know their kids' names, I know everything about them, right? So every single tier up, like it's like, they build a better relationship with each person, you get closer and closer and closer to you, right? And that's this whole thing about aging and ascending. This might be a year, five years, 10 years, this is a continual process you're taking people on. And in phase number seven here, this is where you change the selling environment, right? This is where you're maybe taking direct mail, maybe you're putting them on the phone, maybe you're doing a live event. If you read, I think it was Chaldeany's first book. I might be wrong though, it's hard to remember top of my head sometimes. But he talked about like one of the most important things about persuasion is changing the environment. You change the environment, it's easy to persuade people, right? Just think about this, like when somebody comes in to roll back here, where are they at? They're at their home in their safe spot with their computer, boom, and they're like, they're Diet Coke, and they're burgers, and they're fries, and they're stuff, and they're monitors, and like, this is like their sacred ground, when they like, they're in control, right? It's the keyword warriors, it's like they go somewhere, they can talk trash about someone, and they threaten to kill them, and they're like, you know, five foot one, 119 pound, little skinny guy who's never talked to someone in the world, but he can be the meanest man on earth, because like, this is their thing, right? And so like, when they're coming into your funnel, like they're in their like special area, where like they, like this is where they're in control, right? And so if you're trying to like persuade someone, like, no, this is my spot, like I own this, you have to think about it, like it's harder to just persuade people, right? That's why usually when I'm selling something to someone in this state, it's like a low ticket stuff, which is like, oh, dang, that looks awesome, I'll grab a wallet, buy it, boom, I'm in, okay? But if I want to sell more expensive things, I need to get them out of this thing where they're in charge, right? And you get them off and like, get on a webinar, get on a tele-signal, get on the phone, because then that guy's hanging on the phone like, hello? And all of a sudden it's like, no, now I control the environment. It's shifted, right? I bring them into a room and an event, they come in and I control the environment, right? Funnel Hacking Live, I can sell a lot of product there because I control the environment, we can set the stage and do the things, and it's my environment, right? So you figure out ways like, how do you change the environment, right? And it does a couple of things, number one, I feel you can serve people at a higher level in different environments, right? I can do way more for you guys right here that you'll ever get sitting at home watching videos. Even if it's the same thing, if you guys watch this video next week at home, it's not gonna be the same, I guarantee you. There's something tangible about being in the room and filling the energy and the people and the networking, and like, all that stuff is different, right? So you change the environment because you can serve them at a higher level, but you also change the environment because you can influence them, you can persuade them, if you're trying to sell and to send them, you can do that way easier in a room than somewhere else, right? If I do a webinar, a good webinar, I'll close 15% of the people that are on the webinar during the pitch, right? If I go to a room, I piss, I don't close at least 30%, unless it's 9,000 people, then my percentage is less, but the people make up for it, so I was all right with that, right? But it's just different, because the environment's different. It's easier to sell in a bigger, in a different environment, right? So that's the last phase is where, we're changing the selling environment, okay? So those are the seven phases of the funnel. As we're taking people through this process, the data's falling down, pixel data falls down, email data falls down, messenger, credit card, address, phone number, cell phone number, value scoring, all these pieces start accumulating, and this is your customer rate. This is the reason why we're taking all these people from all these traffic sources and washing them through a funnel, because the funnel takes people through here, and then drops out all the actual tangible value of your business, right? And then this is now, and next session, we'll get deeper into this part, but that's the next piece, okay? All right, so what I want you guys to do right now, is I want you all, here I'm gonna pull up my slide, just to see the doodle, a little bit better doodle. So there's the doodle version of it. What I want you guys to do right now, is I want you to take your paper out right now, and you might need to turn the book on the side, but I want you to map out, in your current business, what you're doing at each of these phases, okay? My guess is, most of you probably aren't doing all seven, which is okay, some of these take longer, this might not be, this is future stuff, things like that, some of you guys have no bridges, you're just like running ads over here, and it's like, oh, it's not working, it's like, well, maybe you need to warm them up more, maybe you need a bridge, or maybe you're coming here, and there's no way to register, you're selling people stuff, it's like, okay, you're missing all your email data, like there's data here happening, or maybe you're not collecting pixel data, or maybe you're not getting a message, like all these things are happening, and I just want you to kind of map out, your current business as it is, map out each phase what's currently happening, because I want you to see where the gaps are, which pieces of this process are you actually missing, okay? And this doesn't mean this has to be a free plus shipping, this whole process could be a webinar funnel, right? I come in here, I register for webinar, I get sold on the webinar, right? Like it could be happening through webinar funnel, it could be a tripwire funnel, it could be a two step order form here, I get the email data on the step one, steps to your credit card, here's my app, so, you know, it could be different, there's different funnels that fit into this process here, but conceptually, do you understand how it works? Subscriber data, buyer data, hyperactive buyer data, that's the process I'm trying to get as I'm washing somebody through a funnel. So when you map out right now, what your current thing looks like, and then just so you can see the gaps, so you can be aware of them, okay? So we're gonna give you, let's actually do five minutes on this one, so you can think through it, and start right now, ready, go. Aah! I feel you Oh, right now Ooh, ooh Ooh Oh, oh Ooh, ooh Ooh, ooh Ooh, ooh Ooh, ooh Ooh, ooh Ooh, ooh How long Has he been, shall we kiss? How many of you guys have the gap here somewhere in a preframe bridge? How many of you guys have the gap, you're not collecting email subscriber data? How many of you guys have the gap, you're not selling anything yet, you're not getting buyer data? How many of you guys have no upsells, no way to fight our hyperactives? How many of you guys have no way to age and send a relationship with your customers? And how many of you guys are not taking the selling environment offline at all? Okay, that's a good exercise then, there's a lot of holes, okay? These are all the little pieces. Yeah, everyone's a new product, new offer. Alright, so what we're doing right now is I want to kind of do two things. I want to mush together what we talked about yesterday, and we talked about hook stories and offers, and I want to mush it with these front end funnels, okay? So a lot of people I know are thinking like, what's the front end funnel? Is it a squeeze page funnel? Is it a tripwire funnel? Is it a webinar funnel? Is it a blah blah blah blah? The answer is yes, they're all front end funnels, right? What I want to talk more about is the psychology of how you create one of these, okay? And so to do this, let me see, I'm actually going to... Alright, to start, start here, okay? So remember yesterday when we did the greatest showman thing, and I was talking to you about figuring out initially, what are all your potential products that can be put into an offer? Okay, there's a whole bunch of different things potentially that can be put into it, right? So what I want you to think through right now is the core thing that you're selling, and some of you guys have done this, some of you guys have been in parts of this, but I want to like in your mind brainstorm, okay, let's say I'm going to be selling... let's say it's the Traffic Seekers book, okay? So I'm selling the Traffic Seekers book in like eight months for now, whenever the launch is happening, right? So I know that the first thing is going to be the Traffic Seekers book. Now if I just sell the Traffic Seekers book, then the problem is I'm selling a product, I'm competing with everybody else selling products. So like how do I change this from a product into an irresistible offer that's so good, people have to go run across their house to find their credit card, to run back, to buy my thing, or if they don't have a credit card to go beg their mom, beg their dad to get a credit card so they can buy the thing, or if a 12-year-old Russell, he goes and he like literally steals money from his parents because he has to have this book, right? How do you create something so irresistible that that's what happens? If people are like, oh yeah, it looks nice, you failed. You have to make an offer that's so irresistible that like you... think about that, I think about 12-year-old Russell sitting there and I'm like twitching in bed like, I'm going to mow the lawn again, I don't know if I can mow my neighbor's lawn too, or like, maybe if I like rake leaf and mowed lawns, like, like you want them freaking out because they have to have it, they desire it so bad. Okay, it's hard to do with a book, which is the thing, or hard to do with this, any product, if you're e-commerce, like it's hard to do with your supplements, hard to do with your things, like, those things are good, but if I really want to create enough desire, I need to create an amazing offer, right? An offer that's going to get them to get out of their little sacred zone where they're like the king of their thing and like, okay, I'm going to get my wallet, okay? I spoke at Justin and Tara's event last week and it was funny because before they introduced me, the story they told was really cool. They said, you know, we were learning about funnels, we bought the dot com secrets book, and they found out Russell did an event in Las Vegas, it was the first fun night in life ever, so like, we went there and we were driving there, we made us, we swore to each other that no matter what Russell tried to sell, we would not buy it. In fact, we made a rule that we would literally leave our wallets upstairs in hotel rooms so there's no way you could buy it if you wanted to because there's no, I wanted to have a wallet, right? They said they did that, we got in the room, we sat down, they said by day number two, literally in the middle of the session, I was like, go, Justin, go, and Justin jumped up, ran upstairs in the hotel room, got the wall, came back down, and signed up in the back of the room, okay? That's the kind of offer you want to create where even if they're hiding their wallet from you because they know that they can't help it, okay? Even if your wife tells you no, you have no money in your bank account, you have no possible way to physically afford it, you still walk over and you buy it, right, Nick? And some of you guys are like, you're like, no, but I can't do that because what if it's like, if I wouldn't have done that, where would Nick be today? Right? Quit filling guilty selling stuff. You are changing people's lives when you do that. Selling is the most noble activity we could possibly be doing in this world, I believe. Right? Like, we need to be doing those things so don't feel guilty selling, right? Thank you. But it comes back to making an offer at SoR's Dispel that they're freaking out, okay? That's why I know I got something good when people start freaking out, right? You guys know the 30-day challenge that we did last month? Was that an amazing SoR offer? We literally have people right now selling black market books of the 30-days thing, and they're going for like thousands of dollars because it's off the market right now. People have flipped, they're like, I could sell mine, like that's a great idea. Because it was an irresistible offer and then we pulled it away and people are freaking out because it's gone, right? And we'll bring it back in the future, but like, that's how you know you want to create something so irresistible that people are like, gosh, dang it, I have to buy this. I mean, I've seen this in the Facebook groups, I know, but how many of you guys are just like, man, anything Russell puts out, I just have to buy it even if I don't want to, right? Okay, because I've gotten really, really good at this. How do I create an irresistible offer, right? So traffic seekers, I'm just thinking brainstorm top of my head. So I have a book coming out, a book is cool, but it's not an irresistible offer. I need people to freak out. So if I give them the book, that's cool. What else can I give them for free plus shipping? What else can I give them? Like, okay, what if we created software that did everything inside the book and we gave them a free like two month trial to that? Like, that'd be cool. Now you got software which has a huge perceived value, plus you got the book. You got software plus the book. What else could you do? What about, you know, in the book, I'm very strategic. I talk about all the big strategies, but what if people want to dig deep into the tactics? How do you actually run Facebook? How does the action run Google ads? What if I found the number one Facebook expert, I interviewed them and had them show exactly how the tactics of the things I talk about in the book. When I found the top YouTube expert, the top Google expert, I interviewed all these people and get all the actual tactical stuff so that after you do the book, it is awesome. I need the tactics. Then go into some members area and actually watch the videos that I love to do tactics. That way something changes in the future and changes the video in the members area. I don't have to rewrite a book because you're writing a book sucks, right? And what if, what if, what if, and that's how the game starts. What if, what if, what if. So what are you guys doing right now? So when you think about this, for the thing that you're selling, right? Some of you guys, this is all you're selling and if you're doing that's why you're struggling, right? This is a thing. This is a piece of it. So now we need to change this from a product to an actual offer. And I need this experience. I need you guys to brainstorm. Not just one thing, but tons of things. It doesn't have to be logical, right? It could be literally fly to our office and John will drive all your traffic for you. That's awesome. How many of you guys want that? Yeah. Okay. So John will drive your traffic. My wife will cook you breakfast. Julie will build your funnel for you. Stephen will yell you every single morning. Like, do whatever you want. Put them all in there, right? As many things as you want, but try to figure out like, like legitimately what people actually want. How else can I serve them? If it comes back to the point of service, like they get the book, how else can I serve them? Well, I can do this. How else can you serve them? Well, I can do this. How else can you serve them? And just do that and do it and do it and keep filling the blanks in. That's where you're going to get your amazing offers. Okay. So starting at a place of service and figuring out what else can I do? What else can I do? What else can I do to make this experience better for this human that I'm trying to serve? Okay. So right now, what I want you guys to do, I want to keep, I want to, during this exercise, we're going to do it just for three minutes. Don't talk to your partners because it'll get distracting for everybody else. I want you guys just to focus on this for a minute. And I want you to put in your mind, we did the avatar exercise yesterday. Put in your mind, your mic, your Julie, whoever your person is, and think about the product you're selling right now and write down the product first. And I want you to make a box just like this and start writing down as many things in this box as you can. And the first thing is just like, okay, here's the product. What else can I do to serve Mike? What else can I do to serve Julie? And right next thing, what else can I do? What else can I do? Even if they don't make sense, don't be like, ah, how logically am I going to do that? Don't worry. It's like just bringing them as fast as you can as many things you can put out there right now because I want a list of a whole bunch of stuff. The more, the better. I really have 30 things than three. Even if they're horrible ideas, we can refine them later. I just want a whole bunch of ideas as fast as you can. Okay. All right. So in your mind, put your dream avatar or the customer and then make sure to listen. What are the things you could create that would serve them at the highest level? You got three minutes to fill in your box. Ready, go. Oh, my God. One minute. One minute. Keep writing. One minute. One minute. One minute. All right. Wrap it up. Okay. All right. That three-minute exercise that you guys should do often. In fact, I'm going to show you here. We're going to take a break in a few minutes. We're going to have to break. You're going to be doing this over and over and over again. For every Dream 100, you're going to do it for... Anyway, there's a hint. It's going to be amazing though. All right. So you have to become comfortable doing this and figuring things out and kind of figure out how else can I serve them, how else can I serve them, how else can I serve them. All right. Now, the next piece I want to do is every single one of these things that you created, all these little pieces, these little products that you're going to turn into an offer, every single one of them has a story. All right. Like, literally, if I was to do a public speaking training, I could make this marker a bonus. And I got a story for it. Who wants to hear the story about this marker? Okay. I guarantee you at the end of this, you guys are all going to either want this marker or you will go and buy markers just like this. Okay. So the first 10 years of my life, I would go to events and two things happen. Number one, they would come up and they have one of those skinny whiteboards like this that are vertical up and down but not horizontal. You have a problem with vertical things. Funnels go horizontal. And so I'd be like, step in one, step in number two. And I'm like, dang, I'm out of road. I have no more room to, like, ah, and it's going to be crazy. And then I went to my very first UPW, Unleashed Power Worker with Tony Robbins. I see him on stage and he's got not one but two big huge boards like this big, right? Now, if you haven't seen Tony before, he's a giant and he's on stage and he's like, ah, ah, ah, he gets this marker and his marker is not like a little skinny marker like the ones I always use. His marker was like this big. And who's there Ben D.P.W.? So this is what Tony does. He talks about something. Ah, and he walks over to this big, all huge Tony Robbins marker and he's like, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, and he comes back. And it doesn't mean anything. Like there's nothing on the actual board that likes, like just marks and circles. Like there's no logical coherence but I was like, dude, he looks so awesome doing that. And so I got home and for the next three years of my life, I tried to find a board that wasn't narrow, that was wide. And I tried everything I do. I went over and over and I tried everything. And then, and then, and then, and her Melanie, we hired Melanie, she changed my life. She came into my world, give her a huge round of applause. And one day I'm venting to Melanie about how annoying it is to do funnels on a vertical pad of paper. And I spent three years of my life trying to find like Tony Robbins and then she's like, she's like, found it. I'm like, what? She's like, I found it. I'm like, no, you didn't. Like I spent years looking for this thing. She's like, no, these guys in like Italy make it or something. I was like, are you kidding me? And she showed me insurance. She found it. Next thing I know, a week later, she's got this in her office and I'm freaking out, right? It's the very first time I get on stage and I'm all excited to go write this, like to go do this thing to the inner circle. I'm like, what's up guys? And I'm on my huge whiteboard. I pull out this little tiny marker. I was like, I was like, I feel like such a wuss. I was like, oh, and I'm like, Melanie, Tony Robbins, like, he has these big markers. And like, I think I need a big marker too. And then Melanie found the Sharpie Magnum. And now I've got big markers just like Tony did. So when you sign up for my program today, I will send you your very own Tony approved Sharpie Magnum markers. Okay, so every, every piece of your offer, if you take it out here, every single one of them, there are multiple hooks and a story for every single thing, right? And if there's not, you got to figure out what is that story? If I can make a freaking marker, emotional and exciting, you guys can make all the crap you wrote down in the site. If you can't get rid of it. Okay, because when I'm selling you on something, I'm telling you stories about all the different components of this thing, right? If you guys watch my presentation at 10X, when I got on stage, I wasn't like, you're going to get funnel, the funnel builder secrets, and you're going to get quick funnels and you're going to get traffic secrets and get things like I spent like five minutes on every single one telling the story of the bonus. I just say, oh, you get traffic secrets and members of the site with a bunch of traffic. I was like, all right, this is the deal. So you guys remember that guy John Reese I talked about? They made a million dollars in a day. So he had this software, this company called Traffic Seekers and every single year he updates the, the, the, the updates, the, the members of the site because traffic is always changing. Every single year, every single year, and last year he redid it all and I spent $1,000 to buy it and I went in and I was like, oh my gosh, this is amazing. I want to say inside the members area, he walked through over 217 different ways to get traffic. I didn't know there's that many ways like, I didn't know it was impossible and I saw it and I was like, oh my gosh, this is amazing. Every single person who buys my course needs to have this, this traffic thing. So I called John, I'm like, hey man, can you, can you give everybody traffic secrets who buys my stuff? He's like, no, like this is my business is like what I do for a living. I'm like, I know, but like everyone needs this and I just want to give them for free. He's like, no, you can't do that. I was like, dang it, like what if I just bought the company from you? Then I could give it to everybody for free, right? He's like, no, like literally this is my life. I'm like, what will it take? I need to buy your entire company so I can give it to everybody in this audience for free. And finally he's like, all right, how about this? You give me a million bucks, I'll give you the whole thing. I was like, oh, you know what? I care enough about you guys to do it. So I actually wired him a million dollars. In fact, check this out, there were seven different wires. You can't wire a million dollars in one wire I found out. So I had to do seven different wires to send them. This is a million dollars I spent so I can give this to you guys for free. Cool. When you sign a fundabiller, so you can say your next year and get is traffic secrets, entire course, genre, and rescrated. I spent a million dollars to give to you guys for free. Boom. How much perceived values in that thing now? Insane, right? Funnel scripts. I'm like, hey, you can get these funnel scripts to software that writes your funnels, writes the copy in your funnels. Like I could do that, so most people do. But no, there is a hook and a story about everyone these bonuses. So when I get to the funnel scripts, I'm like, hey, this is funnel scripts. Now if you do a funnel, the most frustrating part is the copy. In fact, check it out. Here's different sales that I paid. This copy here, 20 grand, 15 grand, 30 grand, 20 grand, 50. All the sales that I spent money for. That's what I spent for copy in the past. And the thing that sucks is only one of these six sales that has actually worked. It's frustrating. It's expensive. And so my friend Jim Edwards, who, he's the director of sponsors, he went back to the beginning of marketing until now. He went through every single magazine, every single director, please, every single thing and found the best of the best headlines on planet earth. He took them and there's like 400 of the best headlines in the world. And he realized every single headline had a formula. Okay. They weren't all unique and you could plug them into any single product if you just changed the words around. So we built the software. You literally go and you fill in like 10 different blanks about your product. You click a button and instantly you get 400 of the top converting headlines written by the top director's sponsors of all times. People like Dan Kennedy, Gary, how like all these people who are the legend in our world will literally write your headline for you. Okay. You take five minutes, click a button, boom, the entire thing pops. Like 150 headlines to test. And not only did it with headlines, he also did it with emails. I mean, I was like, I don't send them my list. You have the highest converted emails, built a wizard, you click a button and pops out of your emails. Plus he did it with Facebook ads with your banner ads with your, right? Okay. Now this is something that's amazing. So instead of spending $25,000 for an Excel's letter, I'm going to give you guys funnel scripts for free. How many of you want funnel scripts for free? Oh, they go crazy. Cool. We're going to include that too when you buy it today. Okay. So every single one of these things, there needs to be a hook and a story behind it because I'm going to talk about it and go deeper and deeper into it. Right. And then you increase the value. Like if you look at like when I'm selling something, there's two ways to make what you're selling cheaper. Right. The number one way, this is worth his own doodle. Hold on. Okay. There's two ways to make something cheaper. Okay. Number one way, I'm going to show I'm doodling now, is to make it actually cheaper. Right. This is where we get in these commodity wars. It's like this race to the bottom. Right. I need to make mine cheaper. I need to make mine cheaper. The other way is you increase the offer so much that the value goes up that it seems cheaper. Right. Okay. So either I drop the price or increase the value. Either way, it becomes cheaper. Okay. For example, I've told this story a couple of times, but if I was going to go into the iPhone market, right. I log on. I'm like, okay, I'm selling an iPhone. I guess they don't look this anymore, but there's an iPhone. Right. If I'm going to sell iPhone, but look at that. I'm going to go online, so my iPhone's the same price, right. Apple, Best Buy, like, anyway, Target, all places you can go that are going to be the same price. It's like 500 bucks. Right. So if I'm going to go compete on this, all you can do is like, is if I'm going to compete to make this cheaper, it's going price. Okay. Well, he's selling 500 also for 400, also for 300 and like the race to the bottom. Right. Which sucks. It's the worst thing ever. Or I can make, okay, how do I increase the value so that this phone right here is worth $50,000. If I can make this worth $50,000, then I can sell it for a thousand way easier, right, or 2000 or 5000. So how would I do that? I say, okay, well, if you buy the phone for Best Buy, you get the phone, but if you buy my phone, what's cool is I got a whole bunch of really cool things on here. Right. I preloaded it with a bunch of amazing things and I could show like, for example, this app right here, this is iBooks, right. Like what it is in the last, man, 20 years, I spent, I think last time our account was tallied up, it was like $650,000 in marketing courses. I literally bought every marketing sales, personal development, persuasion courses ever come out since the beginning of time until now. And I had my brother take all of these things and rip them and put them into audiobooks and he put all the audiobooks onto my phone. If you click on this app right here, it opens up $650,000 worth of marketing sales, persuasion courses and they're all on the phone. So you buy the phone for me, I will give you that app and it has all the courses as well. So that's number one. The second thing you're gonna get on here, I have my own personal Rolex, all the people I call. Robbins, his phone number is in there. A bunch of other cool people. I still, James's phone, I got Ivanka Trump's number in there as well. Like a whole bunch of things. We got a whole bunch of famous people's numbers. Robert Kiyosaki's in there, Dean Grosy, like everyone who's made me who I am, all their contact numbers is in there. So I'll leave my phone book in there so you can do that as well. So the first thing you're gonna get is my audiobook library. Next thing you're gonna get is my contact list. The third thing you're gonna get is Voxer. Voxer's actually connected to my Voxer. So if you have any questions, from this point forward for the rest of your life, just Vox me and I'll tell you the answer. It's gonna be fun. And I can do this, I can keep going on, right? I've bookmarked all my favorite podcasts. If you're wondering what podcast is Russell, actually listen to you. I've bookmarked them all. They're all subscribed. You just get the phone, you listen to the most important podcasts. Every social network, I create a new account and I follow the Dream 100 in every single one of the categories so that you can just log into Facebook and see all the people I'm following. So how many guys would give me $1,000 for that phone right now? How many of you guys would give me $5,000 for that phone right now? $10,000 for that phone right now. Yeah. $10,000 for that phone. $100,000 for my phone. All right, this is an auction. Do we have any auctioneers? All right, for the first person, you guys just kidding. Insane, right? So there's two ways to become cheaper. Number one is you decrease the price. Number two is you increase the value. That phone seems super cheap right now, right? I did not decrease the value. I increased the offer. Does that make sense? Okay, there's two ways to win. Number one is to be the lowest price leader in town, right? Dan Kennedy told me this. There's no strategic advantage of being the second lowest price leader. So instead of being the second lowest price leader, it would be the most expensive. There's a huge strategic advantage of that, right? So make an amazing offer. The value goes up and you can sell a phone for $50,000, $75,000. What was the ending? I'm just like, I got to think about this for a little bit now. Anyway, all right. Okay, so what I want you guys right now, we're going to do an exercise. I want you to spend three minutes doing this, but this is something to do long term. And after that, we're going to take a 30 minute break, drink and bathroom break. What I want you to do is I want you to come back to your list right here and I want you to start thinking on these. Like what is the story associated with those? And some of you are like, I don't know the stories, but think about it. Why did you want that fat marker? Why did you include, there's a reason why you're excited by that. Okay, so just even if you go, I just grab right here and be like, oh yeah, this is the Tony Robbins marker story. Then boom, this one is the thing. As many as you can think, if there's a story attached to it, circle it and right with the story so you remember like, oh yeah, that's the story about this. There's a story about that. Do as many of those things as you can for the products you create up there? We're going to spend three minutes on that and then when we're done, we'll take a 30 minute break to get drinks and bathrooms. Sound good? Ready?