I want to wake up every morning to that. This is amazing. I love you guys. It's so much fun. All right. Okay. You guys ready to get down to like now you know our people? Like how do we actually turn these people into stuff and change their lives? All right. Cool. Let's jump in that. So let's throw up the slides real quick. All right. What I want to talk to you guys about now, I got to fast forward through this morning. Hold on. All right. Session number two. So what I want to talk about first is the three types of traffic because this is when I first kind of got this piece of it, then things started making sense. I have all these customers like how do I get them where do they go and what's the purpose of the point. And prior to me understanding this, I was like doing all sorts of stuff and I was like spinning my wheels going in all sorts of directions, but it's kind of like having a shock and I'm just like shooting shells up into the air just hoping for the best as opposed to like understanding what I'm doing and then being like, boom, and like targeting exactly what you're trying to do. Right. So the key behind this is you understand this three types of traffic. Right. So the first type of traffic over here is traffic that you control. I'm going to draw a picture of a dollar here. So you can see this is what we control. This is traffic that we go and we can actually pay for. Right. So for example, Mark Zuckerberg, he doesn't control traffic. He actually owns traffic. Right. He has a Facebook platform. He can put it wherever he wants to put it. Right. If he was like, Hey, I want everyone to vote for this president. He could do it. Which is kind of scary. Right. If you want to ever do something else, he could do it like, but he owns basically the majority of the world. It's kind of crazy. Right. But what he does is he allows people like us to come into his platform and buy some of the traffic. We can control it. He owns it all. But I'm like, Hey, I want to send everybody's it's in Tony Robbins to my page over here. That's okay. And he's like, sure. And you give him some money and he'll take all this traffic and he'll steer a little bit over towards you and you pay for it and you get it. Right. So that's what I think about the first type of traffic is traffic you control. You don't own it, but you can control it and you can give somebody money and they will push that traffic into whatever it is you need it to go to. Okay. That's number one. The second type of traffic is traffic that you earn. Okay. The traffic you earn, for example, let's say I go on a talk show or something like that, right? Or a podcast interview or a Facebook live interview or something and there's somebody there who's interviewing me. Right. That person owns the traffic, but I'm earning my way into it. I'm not paying for it, but I'm doing work to get in there and get in front of those people. Okay. So number one is I'm controlling and paying for that traffic. Give some or number two is I'm earning it. Okay. Now a lot of times people always ask me, Russell, which one's better? And the reality is they're both really, really good. A lot of it depends on where you are in your personal life right now. How many of you guys at this point in your life have more money than time? More money than time? How many of you guys have more time than money? How many of you guys have no idea what I'm talking about? Okay. It's about 50, 50, but like half of you guys didn't say anything. So a lot of times like, like for me in my life right now, I have way more money than time. So for me to go and do like a thousand podcast interviews is amazing. I love it, but like I just don't physically have the time. It's easier for me to go to the same thousand people, give them money and have them right by ads and push to what I'm doing. Right. So a lot of times there's not one's better than the other. It's like where you are in your life and your business, things like that. The reality is you should be doing both. Okay. I'm a big believer that like one is a very, very scary number and I want diversity in all things, especially my traffic sources. And so you should be doing, should be doing both of them. The first one is traffic control. Second one is traffic you don't control. All right. Now both of these are good, but the best and the most important one is where we should be pushing people from both these sources. We should be pushing people into traffic that we, that we own. Okay. So I'm going to draw a picture for a dude right here. He's holding a black box of his traffic. This is the best thing. Now this is why, this is like what do you guys want to get to? This is, this is the secret. This is your own black box. This is all of your traffic and your people. When you own it, you can go, Hey, I want to send traffic to that thing I just launched and you can just grab it and throw it at it. You don't have to ask it or if it's telling you to buy anything, you just take it and you just throw it there. You're like, I want to do this thing over here. You can just take that traffic. You can throw it at it. You have something you're excited by, something you believe in. You can do that. Right. When OUR came out and we did the documentary, I was able to be like, I care about this mission. I want a whole bunch of people to go over there and I can just click a button and I'll send a whole bunch of people over there. So this is the best. This is the most important. This is what you want to get and what you want to be focusing on is how do I own traffic? These things are really, really good, but it's not the end all be all. Okay. This is the most important things I want to own it because someday Zuckerberg is going to snap his fingers and a lot of us, the smart ones of us here, right? We've been using this platform and pulling people off, pulling people off, pulling people off. Right now, if Facebook shut down, I still have a million and a half people on the email list. I'm okay. Are you? If not, it's because you're focusing. Okay. One of my fears in writing this book is I know a lot of people are going to be like, oh, Russell, I don't want to build the following and like do my own show and all blah, blah, blah. I just want to buy ads. I just want to do arbitrage, right? And the other one is I want to go to Facebook ads and sell product and just do arbitrage all day long. And you could do that and it works for a little while, but it's not long term. It's not sustainable. Okay. So, Google or Google shifts or Facebook shifts, whatever shifts that disappears, arbitrage is gone, you're screwed, you don't have a business. Okay. The only actual sellable asset inside of a business in reality is your list. It's your people. It's your own traffic. If you look at companies that have been bought over the last decade or so, if you look at the trend, the first time I saw this was when Skype was bought by eBay back and probably 12 years ago now. Does anyone remember that? I think it was like two or three billion dollars. I remember looking at that. And at that time, eBay was like the number two most visited website in the world back before they ruined themselves. Remember, eBay was awesome. And you'd go there and you'd freak out. You spent all day trying to like find the thing and you set up all night waiting for the moment. Like do the last bid because you want to beat the other guy and you're in this wars. eBay used to be so much fun. And then they had like the buy it now thing and it ruined the whole platform. Now it might be number two most visited websites like 50, but there was a time when they were the best, right? They're the best developers, the best programmers. And so looking at Skype, eBay could have been like, Hey, we got 800 developers, you three want to knock off Skype this weekend? We can have our own Skype. They could have done that. It would have been really easy. But instead of it said, they came to Skype and said, Hey, you have not made a penny so far. You have no actual track record, but you have, I can't remember 500 million customers, subscribers will give you two and a half billion dollars because we want your customer list. That's what they bought. Okay. When Zuckerberg offered a billion dollars to Snapchat, why was it? It wasn't because he couldn't knock it off. He just said it'd be easier just to buy the customer base. And that dude said, No. I think it was six billion they offered, right? He was like, I'm holding out. I don't want to sell my business too early on my very first try. I'm like, you got offered six billion dollars, you moron. And then he pissed off Thanos and guess what happened? Thanos snapped his fingers, bought Instagram and then crushed Snapchat overnight. It was really funny. Anyway, don't mess with Zuckerberg. I'm just saying. So Zuckerberg goes and buys Instagram, right? Pays a ton of money for it because he wants the customer base. They could have knocked off the features in five minutes. They have the best developers in the world. That's not the thing. They bought it because of the customer base, right? Look at all the acquisitions. This is the sellable tangible asset inside your business. It's not your products. It's not your services. Those can all be replicated, duplicated easily. It's your list in the relationship with them. That is the value inside your business. I want you to thinking about that. Okay. It's the value you provide your customers. That's the only actual tangible asset inside of a company. Okay. So my goal is coming to these other places that traffic's already happening. And then to convert that into traffic that I own so that I'm protected during rainy days. When Facebook slaps or Google slaps, whatever happens, I'm not stressed out. Maybe my income might dip for a little bit, but I have a customer list. I'm okay. I can keep doing things during that process. Okay. That's the key. Now, a couple of things about this, I want to kind of put in, make sure I talk about so people don't forget. One of the questions I get a lot when I talk about traffic is people are like, well, Russell, how do I create traffic? I'm like, whoa, stop, stop, stop. The definition of the word you use there, you don't understand what this is. You say, how do I create traffic? Okay. My goal is not ever to create traffic. Okay. So when traffic's there, people are already going to Facebook and Instagram and YouTube and this site and that blogging, like it's already there. Your job is not to create anything. Your job is to figure out where is this traffic already happening and say, oh my gosh, there's a whole stream of traffic right here of my dream customers is already happening. They're already going to these places. Your job is to be like, okay, I'm going to step in this thing and boom, step in the stream of customers and start getting them for yourself. Okay. I'm not creating traffic. I'm finding where it's already at and I'm tapping into it and I'm diverting some of it over here into me and into my company, into my customers. Okay. To become my customers. Okay. So that's the thing to understand. You can buy your, you either control your traffic or you earn your traffic. Okay. A couple. Oh yeah. Cool. So make sure I don't forget anything. So a couple of cool things. How many of you guys watch Shark Tank? Okay. Some of you guys don't watch Shark Tank. There's like three good TV heroes and that's like one of them. So this right here, this becomes, if you look at what is this actually, this is your distribution channel. Okay. Your list, your customers, your distribution channel. If you watch Shark Tank, it's interesting because every shark has a certain distribution channel that they are a master of. You guys know this? You watch this? So when a shark comes on Shark Tank and they go pitch something and it's the clothing line, right? You look at all the sharks and Lori is like, that doesn't work. You see I'm out. Cuban's like, ah, this doesn't work on the internet. I'm out. And then like Damon's like, oh, clothing line. I literally make one phone call to my distribution channel and it's a billion dollar enterprise. I used to make one phone call. He's like, yes, I'll buy your clothing line. He has distribution. He plugs it in. Boom. So when comes Shark Tank, like, hey, I got this little gadget and they show it and you watch Damon, he's just like, I, people that buy clothing in my distribution channel aren't going to buy that weird gadgety thing. I remember one of them was this little like magnet thing that you put on your shirt to hook your glasses on. Do you guys never seen this one? I bought one for my dad the other day. He told me he's the best present I've ever given him. It was like a dollar 50. Crazy. So Damon's like, people aren't going to hook down their clothing. That's weird. And then Lori sitting there and she's like, I, the distribution channel I own. The traffic that I own is this QVC. I know how to do that. So she makes an offer because she has distribution in five minutes that company goes from zero to like, I think the 18 million bucks or something crazy last year. Right. You look at all the sharks, all the sharks are good at one distribution channel. That's it. It's not like I have a thousand or a million. Like they're good at one. And so when the offer comes and look at it and say, will this fit in my distribution channel? If so, they say, yes, they plug it in and make a bunch of money. If it doesn't, then they walk away. Can people make me deals all the time? I look at it and it comes to me like, ah, like we make a lot of money. I'm like, I'm sure I could. I got to work really, really, really, really hard. Right. Or they come in like Jim Edwards did with funnel scripts. Like, hey guys, I did for funnel scripts. It'll be amazing. I was like, ah, he's like, how does all the work, all the effort, all everything, all you have to do is everyone's going to talk about it. I'm like, all right. So we did the deals, split 50, 50 in gyms, a multimillionaire from the checks. He gets from me alone. Okay. Cause he's plugged into our distribution channels already happening. Does that make sense? Okay. So this is like your key. Like when you start understanding this, like this is your job. You're building your own distribution channel. When you do that, it opens up the whole world of possibilities. Okay. So distribution is key. On the next thing we'll talk about, just kind of emphasize the importance of this. Um, so when I, when I first got started, uh, my first mentor was a guy named Mark Joyner and Mark owns a company now called simpleology.com. And, uh, and Mark's, Mark's an amazing guy. And I remember when I first got started, he was at the time, like the biggest internet marketing pioneer. Like he developed all these amazing things and his whole focus was on building huge email lists and, um, he had, uh, he had this process he would do. He'd create these viral sites and I'm not going to talk about it in the context of this event, but he'd build these huge, huge email lists and, uh, eventually he didn't sell his company off and, and walking away before he launched simpleology, but he sold off his company and I went and bought, uh, this course from him. It was, it was called this farewell package where basically took everything learned last like 10 years and he sold them all off and then he retired from the business. Right. So I bought this course from him and I started listening to it and the whole entire course, all we talked about was like building lists, building lists, building lists. Like that's the foundation. Got to build your list. You got to build your list. You got to build your list. Um, I kept listening to it and so I'm learning this as I'm first getting started and at the same time, something amazing happened in the internet. Okay. Um, it was right after the Google, the initial Google slap, we got kicked out of PPC, but then what happened is that Google was trying to build out their SEO platform and they're trying to build out AdSense. So what they did is they said, Hey, we're going to make this really, really easy on you. And so they said, if you put AdSense on your pages, we'll rank it really high in Google. And then, uh, when someone clicks on it, it will pay you insane amounts of money. Okay. Anyone that was a long, anyone online back then, not 10, 15 years ago, when this was happening, those are smiling who were there. Okay. It was insane. There was a software you could buy for $97. It's called traffic equalizer. You would open it up. You'd say, you type in a keyword and you find out keywords that cost a lot of money. It's like, mesothia, alomia. How do you say that? That keyword was worth like $30. And so when it clicked on, you got paid 30 bucks. So you type in that keyword and it would go to the internet and it would scrape all the articles on planet earth about mesothia. And it would bring it back into one little website and it would perfectly optimize the page and every single page. You have 5000 pages. And if all the AdSense blocks posted in the exact perfect spot to get the highest click through rates, you click a button with the 15 minutes, the whole thing was done. And then because of the way the algorithm worked, the software reverse engineer within like three days, you were number one in Google. And also you start getting clicks, 30 bucks a click. Like, holy crap. You're like, I'm gonna do another one. You pick another keyword and another keyword. And soon we had teams of people in the Philippines lining up rooms, just clicking the button on that software, making tons of garbage sites. We literally destroyed the internet for everybody. If you guys remember back then, it was horrible. Cause you go to site, you see like this little crappy article and ads everywhere around it. That's all the internet was, right? And people like us were making insane amounts of money. I had made friends making half a million dollars or more a month doing nothing. Clicking on little buttons, right? Cause they were trying to build an AdSense platform and it worked. People were doing like crazy. And then, um, so this is the time as I'm going through Mark's course, learning about list building. I was like, but wait, hold on. I can click buttons and provide no value and make a ton of money. And Mark's like, no, no, no, no. Build a list. You got to build a list. I'm like, no, but they're literally just clicking on buttons. They're not doing anything. Like I can click on buttons. Like, no, folks on building this is going to disappear. Like, no, no, but like they, they, they, they're so easy. They're providing no value. They just click on buttons. They have other people clicking the buttons for them. He's like, no, folks on building less. I was like, stupid mentor. Fine. We'll listen to him. Right. And so I go and I'm doing the same thing with Mark says and I build a squeeze page and I drive traffic. I'm slowly building my list. I'm annoyed. My list is getting bigger and bigger and bigger at the time, but I'm missing out on all the huge cash that's happening. Then what happened? Either Larry or Sergey, I'm not sure which one of the guys over there, but they got the glove on and they snapped and everybody disappeared overnight. Friends making half a million dollars a month were bankrupt since within like 60 days. I couldn't afford to pay their staff because it all just disappeared. It was gone. And I was so grateful that Mark told me to focus on my list, focus on my list, focus on my list. Um, that gave me the stability to survive that up and down. Um, throughout the other big slaps and the other big things, ups and the downs, the near bankruptcies, the problems, the trials, like everything. My list has been the thing that's gotten me through it. Um, every single time, like I, like I literally one time was in an office with a bankruptcy lawyer trying to figure out how the whole process worked. I came home and I was so upset and so angry. I'm like, you know what, I have a list. Let's see what I can create a value to them. I can have an idea, send us some emails and got a money to get to the storm. Right. The list is like the secret weapon. It's the most important, most valuable thing you could possibly do. It's not your product. It's not your service. Nothing, all those things are great, but the customer list, like that's, that's the magic you guys. You understand that? So if you understand that's the magic, all your focus, how do we build the list, how do we build the list, how do we build the list? All your traffic generating things only have to do with this. Cause as soon as they become your list, they shift from cold traffic to warm to hot, and if you treat them well and you send out nice things and you, and you provide value and do really good stuff, that list gets better and better and better relationships grows and everything becomes better and better for you. Okay. So if nothing else this weekend, you understand anything else, like that's the focal point of your business. Okay. It has nothing to do with your product or your service. Okay. Then when you have a list, amazing things can happen. Um, one of my favorite stories, um, came from a little while ago, I was watching a celebrity apprentice. This is probably four or five years ago. It was pretty Trump as president and back when he was still firing people. He was funny. We were in Kenya and, um, we, we're in this little tiny village and I'm asking the, the kids just different questions. And one of the, one of the, the, um, the adults, I asked him, I was like, Hey, do you use him with Donald Trump is? And she's like, Oh yes. I'm like, like, what do you think about him? And she goes, you're fired. I'm like, how do you know that you're in the middle of Africa without a TV? How'd you, I said, Oh yeah, he's the, you're fired guy. I have no idea, but they know that way out there. Anyway, so, um, so there's Donald Trump and he's on the celebrity apprentice, he gives everyone this challenge, right? And the challenge he gives everybody is, it's, it's a fundraising thing. So this is go on the phone, call all your buddies, whatever's, and you have to see who can raise the most money for their charity. So you watch all the other celebrities and they're on their dialing, their friends and their people and they're getting donations and making a bunch of money and everyone's having a ton of fun and a ton of success. And there's one dude who's sitting there. His name is Arsenio Hall. Who here remembers Arsenio Hall? Yeah. So he, for those, yeah, those guys remember him. So he was the guy had a late night TV show. He come out of it like, who, who, who, who, and everybody got excited. And like, he was the man back when I was like eight, right? I remember like when my parents would let me stay up late at night, we always watched Arsenio Hall cause like he was late night, like who, who, and it was awesome. Right. But now fast forward to like four years ago, no one knows who Arsenio Hall is. And, um, he's sitting there doing calls, doing calls, doing calls, doing calls. And the end of the exercise, um, that night, he's sitting there in the hotel room, like drained and everyone's talking about what they made. He's just sitting there all depressed and, uh, and they started to kind of tease him. Like, Hey man, I thought you had all the connections. I thought you had all the hookups and, and he's going to more and more frustrated cause he brought in no money. And finally he says something that was so profound. He said, you know what, when I had my own show, everybody returned my calls. Now they don't. Okay. When you have your own platform, when you have your show, when you have your distribution, you have this, this is why people return your calls. The reason why Tony Robbins called me is cause I had this. The reason why other people get ahold of me is cause I have this. Right. This is your asset. This is value to other people. When you have your own platform, your own show, like it's, it's value in and of itself. Okay. So if nothing else, like folks on that, it brings in, we're going to talk about dream 100 a few minutes. The same thing, like it makes leveraging your dream 100 easier. It makes like all the pieces so much easier when you have your own list. Okay. So if nothing else was event, just be like, I just need to build my list. Like that's, that is the secret sauce of this whole game. Okay. I always tell people like when you first draw this game, it's kind of like pushing a big rock up a hill and it's hard, right? You're pushing, you're trying to figure out products and hooks and stories and offers. All these things, you're pushing it up, but eventually you get the top mountain and it goes over the top and starts getting more momentum and it gets easier and easier. I'm seeing the balls and you can't even keep up with it. Right. So what's the difference? Like what, what happened to that peak of the mountain that shifted the other direction? It's this, it's you paying to build this, it's you working. It's like this, this grind where you're going through this process, the more people coming in here and the list gets bigger and it gets bigger and it's bigger. The point where all of a sudden it's so big, like it's hard to not make money. Okay. Um, I'm going to share some, some numbers and these aren't definite at all, but just to put like a perspective in your mind. So if you do this game poorly, if you do it wrong, um, you should average on average $1 per month for every name, um, on your email list per month. Okay. So what that means is like, when I started doing this process and Mark George, like Bill Julius, Bill Julius, I'm like, fine. I started to put up a squeeze page, start driving traffic to it. And I remember, um, the first month of doing this process, I built a list about 270, I think it's 273 people, if I remember right. And at a time, I don't remember, I made $200 or $300 and I was like, Oh, like, that's interesting. Somebody told me that and it was like pretty close. So I get focusing on focusing on eventually at a point in my list was a thousand people and sure enough, I was making about a thousand bucks a month. We had to 5,000 people. It's like 5,000 bucks a month. We had to 10,000 people. It was 10,000 a month. It was 15, 20, 30, I get followed almost to the T. It was fascinating. So if a lot of you are like, how do I get out of the rat race? How do I, how do I get out of this? Like that's the number. How big can you build your customer list? Okay. The $1 per month per name is if you do it badly. Okay. And that's in like a mass market in smaller markets. I know people get 10, 20, 30, 40, $50 per month per name on their email list. Okay. So that's the thing to think about. So if you're like, Hey, man, if I get to a hundred grand a year, it means I need 10,000 people on my list times 12 months is $120,000 a year. If I'm going to be a millionaire, if I get, what's the math on that? If I get a hundred thousand people on my list, 1.2 million a year, right? If I want to make more, it's just that's what it comes down to. Okay. I was, in fact, Stephen Larson, I were talking about this. I told him, I said, back in the day, my company wasn't growing. I started to figure out what's the key metric we can focus on in our company. And the key metric was like, how many people joined our list today? And I was like, I don't actually know what that is. I started looking, it was like, you know, 20 people, 50, 200. And like it was, it was all over the place. And so I said, every single day when I wake up in the morning on email with, it shows me exactly how many people joined my list yesterday. And I started looking at it. And it was weird as soon as you see something, as soon as you look at something, it starts growing or shrinking, right? If it's you're trying to lose weight. But as soon as you start tracking something, it's magical. Your brain figures out ways to make things grow. Right. And so for me, I was like, started looking at it. Also, I went from 30 people a day to 50 to 100 to 200 to 500 to 1,000. And I remember at a point, it was like 1,500 people a day. And I was like, looking at it, I'm like, I'm literally giving myself a $1,500 a month raise every single day. Like, who, who can do that in any other place on earth? Isn't that insane? I have people complaining like, Oh, Russell's cost me a dollar lead on Facebook. I'm like, okay, so you pay a dollar to get a lead that makes you $12 the next 12 months. Like that seems like the best investment on planet earth. Right. I had some guy come pitch me on this real estate investment. It was amazing. He showed me all the numbers, the metric, how the whole thing worked. And then like, it was like, how much money you need in like over the next five years, I'd break even and make a profit and like 30% up and like, you make 30% of your money. That's huge. I was like, but if I take that same hundred grand and I just buy a list of hundred, like I'd average an extra $1.2 million a year. He's like, that doesn't make sense. I explained it. He's like, you live in some alternate reality. It makes no sense to me whatsoever. Right. But I started focusing on that and it became the focal point of our entire company started growing. Stephen, you mind just kind of commenting on this because he's like two days ago told me he started the same process with him. But I don't know, three, four months ago, we started tracking on the metrics to specifically for opt-ins. And it was about, you know, it's weird. I don't know what the deal is about three, four months ago is about only like a thousand opt-ins a month. I was like, cool. Now, at least I know it's the baseline. We're up to 1500 a week now and it's awesome. Yeah. More, more, more, more, more, more. And I don't know what I'm changing. You know, I really don't. There's just the fact that I'm tracking it is what's making it grow for some reason. It's amazing. Yeah. Thank you. All right. Give him a round of applause. That's good. Okay. So this is the low tier $1 per month per name is on your list, right? So you start being like being aware of that, like that becomes the game. And then if you start doing all these other things we talk about through experts, secrets, dot com, secrets, and you actually first off provide insane value, you help them, you move a value ladder, you're doing all these other things you're creating other offers, other ways to serve them, that $1 quickly goes to five, the five to 10, 10 to 15. Can our company now, I don't know the exact metrics, but it's, it's, it's actually, I can figure out my head. We're probably six, six and a half dollars ish. No, more than that. Probably last month we were at $8 for every person on our email list. Dang, that's kind of cool to look at. All right. So there you guys go. So that's something to be driving you and thinking about folks in all the time is that grows. Everything else grows with it. Okay. All right. Okay. I got two other stories to tell you. They're kind of funny. All right. So when I first started learning about solicit building thing, just like some of you guys today, it might be the first time you really thought about at least this deep, right? I remember I was a, man, I was in college at Boise State. And for me, it was like, I read this article. I have no idea who wrote the article. I wish I could find it again because it was, it was the paradigm shift for me that like, that made the whole thing make sense. But the article basically was like, something about like, like, do you believe, do you believe the stories about how these gurus make like $30,000 in an hour? And I'm in the skeptical college. Like, no, they got to be lying. I started reading the article and it was like, Hey, this may seem like a big thing, but the reality is it's actually true. I was like, wait, what? Must continue reading article. He's hooked me. I'm in, right? And so I keep reading the article and he said, look, it may seem like far fetch, but they think about from a math standpoint, so some of these people have a list of 50 or 100,000 or a million people. It says, if they send email out to list 200,000 people are selling the $50 product. If they just get, you know, 1% of people to buy, that's whatever, $12,000. They get 2% that's like 30,000, right? So all it is is just math. It's the bigger your email list, you're hoping the percentage buys. That's how it works. I remember thinking, I was like, Oh my gosh, like that's, that's it. I just got to focus on building a big blue. So my first way my brain went, and this is probably the entrepreneurial way. It was not like, what's the, what's the best way to do it? It was like, what's the easiest way to do it? Right. And so I remember going online back in the early Google days, I remember typing in a bunch of keywords and one of the keywords I searched in was spam for email addresses. I'm like, if I could just get a, buy a bunch of spam for email addresses, this would be huge, right? So I'm going around and I think this, I, if I remember right, the site, I think was spamfreemailaddresses.com. I go to the site and they were selling DVDs with spam for email addresses. It was like $10, you get 100,000 names, 50 bucks, you get a million names for like $250, you get like seven or eight million names. I was like, Oh my gosh, this is going to be the great. I was like doing the math in my head. I'm like, okay, seven million people divided by 0.1% times the $50 product. I'm doing the math. I'm like, Oh my gosh, that's like, that's like $50,000 a day if I milled every day. Okay. And like, what if I screwed up then I only get point per, like half a percent or one percent or like, and I kept doing the fraction. I'm like, man, no matter how I did the math, I was a bajillionaire by the time this whole project was done. So I set off my $250, get my DVD, the DVD shows up the mail. I'm just like, don't let this thing break. This is literally billions of dollars. Why would they sell this to me? But they did for so cheap. Right. So I get this thing, I try to plug it in. I'm like, I don't know how to mail this out. So I had hotmail at the time. So I log in to hotmail. I'm like, how do you send? So I'm like asking hotmail support. Like, how do you send out like seven billion emails? Like, you can't. I'm like, Oh, I might try to be CC people. Like, yeah, I, I learned a lot of things. And then finally, I'm like, Oh, this doesn't work. So I'm researching more. And back then this is pretty like email auto responders. They had these things you could buy you download them on your computer. And you load up the email, uh, listen to the thing in the computer. And from your desktop, it would mail out, um, all these different messages. So that was another like, I don't know, 80 bucks for this software to do that. So I buy the software and then I upload the list. And then I was like, I don't have anything to sell right now. I got to think of something. So I had an idea for a product I could make if people bought. And so I'm going to write an ad for this thing. And then I'm going to go make it if people actually buy it. So write this ad. I put a direct link to my PayPal account in email. Um, that's how sophisticated I was. And then, uh, I queued this thing. And I remember the time my wife and I just barely gotten married and, um, this is back. Do you remember, um, dial up modems? So we had one phone line. And so like, I give it all set up on computer, everything. And it's like, that's kind of go to bed. And I'm so excited. And I was like, like, I'm like, I can spend this math to you. Like 70 million people. It's like just 1% buy. I'm like, but like, even if that doesn't work, let's say 1% and 1% buy. Like we're still freaking rich. I'm like, you literally can, and she's supporting me at the time. I even go in and quit tomorrow. I'm totally cool with it. Like, even if I fail, we will be so rich. It won't even matter. And so she's like, Oh, this is going to be awesome. And so that night, I remember I go underneath the desk because I'd go into the desk and unplug this, the, um, the wireless cordless phone, plug in the modem, come back out. I dialed into my little modem, connected. And I'm like, here it goes. Send. I see first email sent. G second email sent. G third, fourth, fifth. I'm like, Oh my gosh, this is it. I finally figured it out. Went to bed at night, slept so good. I was just like, I will be rich in the morning. Next morning I wake up and my beautiful wife has got to go to work because that's what she was does. She was supporting me at the time and, um, she's heading out to work. And I remember, um, she's like, I need to call someone. I was like, I don't, you can't call. Like I unplugged it. Like, like, I think it was like 6,800 emails have been sent this point. So I was like, 6,800 people, like 1% don't feel like I have to call this person. Like, oh, it's like pause the mail or crawl in the desk, unplug it, plug back in the wireless phone and while I'm still under the desk, I plug it back in. I hear the phone ring. I was like, Oh crap. So I come out and I answer it and it's my internet service provider at the time. And there it was like a local company and this dude is cursing me out like nobody's business. I'm like taking it like, uh, and he's explaining like, what are you doing? Like we got like 400 spam complaints in the last 12 hours from you. Well, all this sort of stuff. I'm like, no, no, no, no. So you don't understand. You understand. You'll see. I went to, I went to this website. It's called spam free email addresses.com. I bought like their spam free email. I just don't understand. And I remember he took, like, so you bought the list of people and then you're mailing them. I'm like, yes. Like that is the definition of spam. I was like, really? Crap. And, um, okay. Well, okay. It's like, I hit the phone and he canceled my internet access. So I wasn't able to log back in. My wife has a phone call and on the way out there, I was like, wait, wait, I'm, um, don't quit yet. Like just, let's wait until like, just please. I'm not ready. Like I just want to make sure the checks are cleared first. Oh, so I, I, all the press, I put on my backpack. I walked to school, sitting in my class, I'm all annoyed. And I did the thing that college students know how to do when you want to get out of sitting in the class. So I was like, I was like fidgeting a little bit. Like bathroom. He's just like, oh, so like running out. I'm like, I go to the computer lab. I sit down and I'm like all upset. I check my email and I check my email. I open up and there's like 12 or 13 emails from PayPal, people have bought my little thing. I was like, oh my gosh, this actually worked. Like the thing worked. Like I did it illegally, but like it worked. Like, oh my gosh, this is the most amazing thing in the world. And then I was like, I didn't actually make that product. I said, I'm like, I got to make this product. So I'm like making the product and all sorts of stuff. It's like the Myron thing, right? Anyway, whatever. So I'm making the product, shipping them out to people all excited. And then the process of them, okay, I, the result was right, but the process was wrong. What's the right process? I started this phase of my life, started geeking out, trying to learn these things. That's where I met Mark Joyner and started learning to these people about how to drive traffic into your own squeeze page to build a list of people who actually want to hear from you. But that, that moment shifted my life. As soon as I realized that like it worked, we send an email to your list and somebody buys it. It's like, this is, this is huge. It just changes everything. Now became my focal point of that point, that point forward. Okay. All right. Hopefully I've driven the point down deep enough on your list. It's important. Um, okay. One more thing I want to, I want to talk about really quick and we'll go deeper on this probably tomorrow when we get into follow up funnels. Um, back when I was getting started, the focal point, this was all your email. It's just all this was, okay. The market that you guys are in today, this has evolved and shifted. It's not just that. Okay. It is, it's bigger than that. And some people think like, Oh, this is my Facebook platform. This is my Instagram followers. No, that's not what this is. Okay. Cause who owns your fit the Facebook platform? The second snap happens, you can lose your thing. Right. How many of you guys saw the story last month about Alex Jones? Had like how many tens of millions of followers? Facebook's like, I actually don't like you. Boom. Gone. Overnight. Gone. He did not own that. Somebody else owned it. He was controlling it. He had attention. He would, we'd earned his way in, but it's very easy for people just to get rid of those things. Okay. What this is, is all of your data that's not stored on platforms. This is your pixel data. This is your emails. This is your messenger list. This is like all those other things. That's what this is. This is all the data on all your customers in as many different ways you can gather. Okay. For us, we're obsessed with gathering in tons of different ways. Okay. Um, in fact, the main reason that we, um, year one of ClickFunnels, first year of ClickFunnels, we didn't have action edicts. The main reason why I built action edicts is because I had all my emails on different platform, actually more than once. In fact, I have all the numbers here. Um, and they didn't like my marketing practices and they shut me down. Do I hear how many times I pulled it up last night? So I use a Weber first. I've been shut down by a Weber six times. Uh, get responsive down four times. I contact nine times. I kept going back to them. Uh, infusions off twice, active campaign, two times, MailChimp, three times. And it got to the point where it was so ridiculous. Every single time we got shut down, I would go spend, um, months building out these follow-up sequences, right? In, in a Weber, I built out like three months with the follow-up sequence, they get my list, I'd upload my whole list, email them, one gets set, email number two gets set. I'm like, oh, it's finally working. And I get that dreaded email. Dear sir, we do not like your marketing practices. Your list has been canceled. Please export all data within the next 24 hours. What? Like why? Like, oh, you got too many spam complaints. Like how, how do I spend, too many spam complaints? Like, oh, well, we have really high email deliverability. So people haven't heard from you in six years, finally got your email. They didn't like us. They, I'm like, okay. So they, I take that, I export my list. I'm like, crap. So I have to go to a new platform and I rebuild, spend three or four months rebuilding my entire sequence again. But I do different this time because half of my list got email one, two and three. So I have to rewrite new emails that aren't going to be the same they got like two weeks ago. So you write a whole new sequence, 62 or three months and get response. I upload a response, boom, email one goes out, email two, email one, three. I get the email again. Dear sir, we do not like your marketing. I'm like, do you guys work for the same company? Like, the word for word, the same email. And I go to icon, I like, I got a point. I was so annoyed. I was like, how do we build something that like, it can be a solid foundation for us. That was why we actually decided to build action next. I was like, I want to build something where I can build my sequences and want to spot where I would say the person I'm mailing to doesn't like my practices and I get shut down from like a send grade or from a, I can't think of the mandrel or Aweber or AES or whatever, Amazon's emails where I can just like plug in something else and I don't lose my customers. I don't lose the data. Like things keep happening. And so that's why we built it to be a safe haven for all of us marketers to store our data where it doesn't just disappear. Okay. This is a lot of pain. This is years collectively of me rebuilding campaigns. I could have been just serving my customer. I kept having to rebuild it. They shut you down, rebuild it, shut it down with, with, with what we do, we don't shut you guys down. You build the campaigns and even if your provider shuts you down, you just plug in a new provider and you keep rocking and rolling, keep going. So that's why we built and that's the, that's the purpose behind it. Thank you. So we have some big updates coming out to action next that we go live in the next week or so that you guys are going to love. But the reason why, in fact, it's funny. We internally in the office call us the black box because you know what happens? Like in every single airplane, apparently there's this black box is hiding in the plane. Right. And as the plane is flying through, it's recording all the data that's happening. And then if that plane wrecks and everybody dies, like, what just happened? There's this black box that cannot die in a plane wreck. Somehow I don't know how they do that. They pull the black box out and look at all the data is all there. So we do like, I want this to be a black box where everyone can store their stuff so that if you crash and burn, you can still pull it out and be like, Oh, cool. Plugging something else is go. Okay. Cause if you lose that, you lose your business. Okay. So that's kind of the purpose behind it. So black box that stores all your data. Okay. All right. Who here is sold on building a list? Are you good? I've done my work here. I can move the next thing. All right. Um, there you go. There's gonna take a picture of it. All right. The next phase I want to go deeper into now. Um, this part is so much fun. Um, literally last night at like 10 o'clock at night, I had an idea that shipped to this whole presentation that was freaking out. I was calling Steven and Julian Dave and we're all freaking out. So, um, you guys get to be on the other side of the freak out, which hopefully you guys will enjoy. Okay. So I'm going to go to the power of congregation. All right. I talked about this a little bit earlier with like the wrestling congregations, right? Like when I was wrestling, there were congregations, wrestlers who were all, who were all grouping in the same spots. Um, but this is the, like we understand this congregations, like this is why the internet is so powerful before the internet. People didn't congregate together, um, based on beliefs and values and things they liked, they congregated, they congregated together based on where they lived. Right. Like I grew up in San D, Utah. So we hung out with people in San D, Utah, cause that's as far as we could get. The internet popped out and it gave us the ability to have a global audience. We connected with everybody in the world. Right. Um, I still remember in high school, I remember all the different little clicks, right? Like I was one of the wrestlers, so I was with all the wrestlers we hang out. But look at all the other clicks that were happening. They were like the band guys and the, and the music people. And there was like this group of people playing that magic card game every day at lunch. I was like, what are they doing? There was this group of people that had these like black sticks and they flip things around and I was like, every day at lunch, they were doing that. And there's like three or four of them. We're like, why are they so weird? Right. Now for them, there's like three kids in my high school that did that, but how many of us have three kids in your high school who also did some of those things? So what happened is the internet came together and all of a sudden all three kids in every single high school all gathered together. Now it was five million people talking about magic, the gathering. Okay. Or a million people talking about these sticks that you flip. A million people talking about wrestling. Like it's given the ability where everyone can congregate together based on actual things that they're excited by beliefs and values and things like that. Right. So that's the power of the internet that, that we have, which is amazing. And so what's cool about it is it makes, it makes our life so much easier. Cause all we have to do is go find those congregations and then we tap into them. Okay. Now, um, what I want to do is I want to kind of walk you guys through some of the stuff is expert secret stuff. I want to, I want to lay it out because it frames what you need to understand for the congregation side of things. Okay. How many of you guys have read the expert secrets book? Thank you. How many of you guys haven't yet? Nobody will not even want to admit it. All right. I was going to be a test later. Again. All right. So in expert secrets, we talked about, um, the evolution of the markets, right? So if you look at like the way that the markets first began, this is probably back about the time that interruptions start happening, right? Direct mail, TV, radio, like all of a sudden there was like this. People weren't just buying based on needs. It's when we had the ability to interrupt somebody and like sell them based on desires, right? So that's, that's the magic. So like as soon as it shifted from that, so again, probably, um, early 1900s or so marketers like us had the ability to sell based on desires. So what are the three core desires, the three core beliefs? Who remembers health, wealth, relationship? Cool. So these are the three markets. The core markets or even call it three core desires. Her Stephen Larson said at one time, I was like, that's amazing. It's the three core desires. Right. And so you think about this back in 1900s, there weren't a ton of people doing this, right? The people who were in business with people who had, um, their toasters at the grocery store and they were hoping for someone to come and actually search for it. But all of a sudden open this channel where we could interrupt people and sell them on this concept, right? So what happened is that all the, a few people started getting this, like someone who was like the health person. In fact, anyone here have read the book, make them believe. Dan Kennedy wrote, make them believe. Yeah, my aren't a few of you guys. It's worth reading. Um, what was the name of the doctor's name? Remember top of the head? It was this health. Yes. Chip Kessler was his co-author. Um, I'm feeling the name. Anyway, there was this doctor back in the early 1900s, um, who came famous for these health procedures where he would, um, put you under and give you goat testicle transplants. I'm going to leave it there. I don't know the rest of the story, but he was like one of the first health people. Right. And he's going from city to city. Like, Hey, man, we can change your whole life. Okay. If you're having troubles, it's because you need goat testicles instead of the ones you were born with. I can give you a surgery and change these things out. And he created a desire and people are like, are you kidding me? That's all it takes goats. Okay. This guy became insanely rich in the health market. And he was the first one, right? Same thing happened in a relationship. Same thing happened here. These three desires, people started finding that they could fulfill the needs of these desires and help people. Okay. And at first they were the only ones like, so this is blue ocean. Like I'm the only person I throw something out there. As no matter what I'm throwing out there, people are buying and hooking. I'm just, I'm just pulling and fish like crazy. And we never gone to a stock pond and going fishing. Like it doesn't matter what you don't want fly fishing with these guys a couple of weeks ago or a month or so ago. And like the teaching how to fly fish. I'm so bad. Like if they're like, no, your wrist is wrong. No, like every thing I'm like, I don't know, but what's cool is they were stockpons of fish who literally eat like 500 times a day off people's lines. So I'm like, oh, they're horrible for my, but I got a fish. Like it's not that hard. Right. Even I was a good fisherman in those situations. So during this time you could be selling goat testicles and you're going to make a bunch of money. It doesn't even matter. Right. Anything throughout there, people are biting. Then what happened then people started seeing, oh my gosh, there's money to be made. Entrepreneurs are looking at that thing. There's opportunity there. I wanted that too. And they started jumping in and these blue oceans that were amazing started getting bloody and there's more and more competition started coming in these. Right. Okay. So that was in the early 1900s. Now you look at fast forward 20, 30 years will start happening as the evolution of the market started happening. What happens is they start looking at this. Okay. There's a bunch of people teaching wealth in this world of wealth. Um, but, uh, but it's getting hard. There's more people all competing. So people start specializing. So they start breaking out into what we call the sub markets. This is like the second phase of this thing. Right. So instead of teaching, I'm going to help you be wealthy. It's like, I'm going to do it through a certain vehicle. The vehicle I'm going to do is let's say it's, let's say it's real estate. I'm going to do it through, through sales. I'm going to do it through internet investing. I'm going to do it through eBay or whatever it was. Right. But all of a sudden people started diversifying the markets and they come out here and they're like, when eBay came out, I'm the first person's like, I'm going to teach you how to make me an eBay. That person made so much money. They're the only ones. Right. And it was this blue market, the throw up things, making tons of money going like crazy. And then other people saw that and often they're more and they're more and they're okay. And when I first got in this business, Ben, back in early 2001, if you wrote with eBay on the end of any offer, you were rich. How to make money on eBay, how to flip houses on eBay, how to bubble. If you were eBay at the end, it was crazy because everyone's so excited about this big, huge thing, eBay. Right. It just worked. Um, till eventually it didn't, right? Cause all of a sudden more people got in there. It's got, it got bloodier and bloodier and bloodier to the point where I, it got hard to compete in these things. Okay. So that was probably seventies, eighties, nineties-ish. Okay. Now the market that you guys are in today that we've inherited right now is one step deeper than that. Right. It's coming down and going from, um, from, uh, the sub markets into what we call the niches. So inside of real estate, there's a lot of ways to do real estate. Right. Oh, you can flip houses. You can wholesale houses. You can, um, you can lean, you can short sell at all these different things like the sub niches inside of here. Initially they were nice and nice and, uh, in blue, but as happens, um, they started to get bloody as well. Okay. And so for us, this is like, this is what's happening. Okay. This is kind of the market you guys have all inherited today. And somebody goes, man, I want to go back to the 1800s. It's been way easier. Right. Yeah. But you have to understand this is where we are today. Okay. And so a couple of things, um, I want to, I want to sketch out here for you. The first thing I want you to understand, if you look at like we talked about early take cold, warm and hot markets, right down here, this is like the cold markets, right? These guys are cold. So you get these right here. These are the warm markets. What is your selling? And our job as marketers is to come in here and we're looking, let's see, how can I do this? This is a, this is like this big red ocean, right? Inside of here, all of your, your dream customers. And it's swimming around. How many fish do you need to draw Russell? At least five. Okay. So there's all these, these, these customers, right? And all of them in these markets, they're in a vehicle right now and they're trying to get this result we talked about earlier, right? They all this result trying to get to, but they're in different vehicles. They're in there. They're trying to become wealthy. So they're maybe in the real estate vehicle. Maybe they're in this, they're in different vehicles, but their goal is the same. They want this, right? This is the end result they want. They want a better relationship. They want to be healthier. They want to make the want to be wealthy. That's still the core desire they have, but the vehicle they've chosen is here, or they've just gone here. Someone here, they've chosen a vehicle that they're in right now. Okay. It's very, very rarely you find someone that isn't chosen a vehicle. If they have, it's the cold traffic. This is why cold traffic is harder to convert. So at first I had to put them into a vehicle, but there aren't even a vehicle that our job is easy. We have to go and make fun of the other vehicles and people come into our vehicle. Right? We have to convince them that our opportunity is better than the one that are currently in. Yeah. That's what we start here. It's easier to come here. So if you draw a little picture of this, this is you. And your job is simply, I'll talk about a couple of things, but first off, your job is going to be to create your own blue ocean, but then you're basically fishing back here and you're grabbing people out of these other markets and pulling them into your new opportunity. Okay. All right. Now this is the evolution we talked about that we were kind of brainstorming on last night. And the expert secrets book, I talked about this concept, right? And in here, I said, your job is to create a new niche. Like how do you create a new ocean that's not already bloody? How do you create an actual new opportunity where you're not just trying to be a better version of something else? That's a hard thing to do. And what I realized over the last ever since the summer, the summer, I read a book called Play Bigger. Anyone here read that book yet? I've been talking about the podcast for a while and kind of geeking out on it. So the book Play Bigger, it's an interesting book, but the core concept behind it, it talks about is a concept we call category kings. So what is a category king? If you look at every market, there is a category king, right? And the category king sucks up like 90% of all the business, right? And the last 10% is like the scraps everybody else is fighting over. Okay. So think about it and the different businesses and industries you're in, right? Um, um, Apple in the phones, they became the category kings of smartphones. It sucked the entire business and then all the other companies fighting over the scraps, right? Look at other ones. Anyway, Amazon, yeah. Any business and think about the market trade and every, what was that? Kleenex, Xerox, Netflix. Every, every industry, there is a category king. Okay. No, it's, what's interesting, that book, it goes back historical from like the beginning of time until now, and it's almost impossible to dethrone a category king. After it has become the category king, it's almost impossible to dethrone them. Okay. The category king isn't necessarily the first person to the category king. The category king isn't necessarily the first person to the market, but it's the first person who steps in and, and like dominates it. Right. That is, becomes a category king. So the category, and if you read that book, it goes through a whole process of what they call category design. Like how do you actually design your category and things like that. And so what I'm wanting to kind of lean more towards for us and for everybody to think about this, like, like I said, it's like, I'm going to create another niche. It's like, no, I want to do something bigger. Like I want to create something bigger. Like how do you actually create your own category? Right. And so right here, I'm going to write category king. Like this is your blue ocean. This is, it's, it's, it's bigger than this. And you should grab people and you're bringing them into your new category. So for example, and some of these things we did, and I didn't, I didn't know what going into it, but looking back now, it was like, Oh my gosh, like when we, when we started ClickFunnels, there was a lot of this happening, right? There was like wealth and there was sales and there's, there's email platforms, text messaging platforms, marketing automation, CRMs, all these different things. Right. And if I would have came out, we launched ClickFunnels and said, all right, this is the deal. Looking to landscape and at a time, the biggest landing page software was lead pages, right? That was the category king of landing page software. If I would have came in and be like, all right, we're going to be bigger than like I am the category. I'm going to become the category king. If I would have said ClickFunnels is the best landing page software in the world, what would have happened? They already had all the attention, right? I could have chipped away at it, but then there was like unbounce. I was like 50,000 people all fighting over that category. So I could have came in there and tried to fight against all of the, all the pressures of everyone's, you know, try to swim upstream or instead I didn't, right? I think it's infusion software, right? Arguably at the time, they're the biggest marketing automation platform out there. Right. They were the category kings of marketing automation. If I said ClickFunnels is the best marketing automation software in the world, what would happen? It would have been tough. Right. I'm going against that whole thing. So instead we designed our own category unknowingly. I said, look, I'm not going to be the best landing page software. Maybe there's marketing, I'm going to be the best sales funnel builder on planet earth. Luckily at the time we have to be the only sales funnel plant builder on planet earth. Right. We created our own category. We launched it. We grew it up. We became the category king. And right now I look at our competitors and they're fighting over the last 10% of the scraps. And there's a lot of them. Okay. I know. Can I get emails every sometime? The new one launches. I just laugh. I'm like, why would you even do that? Like you're coming in, trying to like, okay. And what's happening is that after you come to category king, you start sucking up the categories around you. Right. Lead pages is no, I, is anyone heard from lead page recently? Yeah. Okay. They lease, they recently launched a lead page funnels where you can do funnels outside lead pages. Nobody's talking about it. They're like, Oh, these guys are the cat. Let me come and like fight and like best case scenario. You can't just throw in a category king less than the founder of something really, really stupid. Right. If I tweet something, that's somebody else. But like, as long as the software doesn't go down, right? Do something stupid, like it's going to be really hard to throw in the category king is almost historically impossible. It happens not often. Very, very rare. Right. And so you have to think about like, as you're growing your business, like, don't think about like, I'm just going to create another niche. It's like, how do you become a category king of something? And it's not so much like to develop something completely new. It's looking like what's around me. I had marketing automation. I had landing page software. I had split testing. I had all these things and we do all those things. But like, what is it that makes us unique? What could be the best in the world? What could be the category king? What is my blue ocean? It's funnels. And so we design the category around that. Okay. So for you guys start thinking through that, like, what is your category? What is the thing that you can be? Okay. And that's deeper than we're going to get into this event. This is like, um, expert secrets 201. We could go really deep. Um, but if you do want to go deeper on this, read, play bigger. Um, it's a really good read. There's an audiobook as well, but it talks about category design. How do you design that? How do you figure out what is your actual blue ocean? What makes you different? Like, how do you, again, it's not like a huge shift. It's just like, it's a positioning thing. How do you position yourself differently? So you are your own category. It's hard to step into where somebody else's category can win, but it's easy. If you're developing the category to be the winner, because you develop it and you're at, you got to head start for anything else catches up to you. Right. We had two years of destroying funnels before anyone else started coming after us hard. Okay. Cause we had a head start. So if you guys the same thing, like start thinking about that, how do I, how am I designing this category? So I can be the king. And if you have that now it's like, now, now, now you own that right now it's your own thing. Then after you figure that out, now this is your blue ocean. You know what it is. Then your job is just look at this and okay, I'm just going to go a step backwards. Okay. Look at this. These are the desires. Okay. So first off for the product or service you sell, which core desire are you helping people with? Is it health? Is relationships? Is it wealth? And so the rest of this doesn't fit in my business. My business is different. Steven, do you want to rant for a few seconds? Please come on up here. Yeah. Come up here. I need you on stage. We're going to rant. I need a ramp. But see, I sell shavers. I don't help health wealth relationship. I don't even know what you're talking about. This doesn't fit. This whole thing's a scam. I don't believe you guys. Well, Russell, that's not true. But how does razors fit into one of these core desires? Okay. You guys know, right? Okay. Think about this, right? We know, we know that the product is different than the sales message, right? And we know that if you think about like, you're going to choose one of these three things, it's going to be health, wealth or relationships drives me nuts. When someone says, but Steven, I'm not selling one of those things. Reaction. No reaction. All right. Okay. Over here. Drives me nuts. Okay. Because while your product does not have to fit in one of these three categories, your sales message must. Okay. So if you think about like Gillette, Gillette's one of my favorite examples, Gillette, right? Gillette razor, what category that she's selling into? Relationships. You guys are all listening to me, right? Why? Because they're coming in and I'm not shaving right now, right? But some guys got to be shaving his face. Yeah, I'm the man. You think of their commercial, right? The message inside of that, oh, shaving the face, shaving the face. And then a woman comes up and like feels his face up like, yeah, what's up? Man, you want the woman? Here's the razor, right? And so even if it doesn't naturally fit inside of there, if your product, I don't know, do I sell health, wealth or relationships? If your product doesn't fit there, the sales message must. And you have clarity on the desire that you are delivering back to the market. Okay. Easiest way to do that. If you start thinking through this category that you're going to go create and develop, just figure out what rocks you're going to start throwing back into that red ocean. And you start getting all the customers to listen and oh my gosh, my vehicle of what I want to get me there is actually not adequate anymore. Yeah. That awesome. Give it up for us. Well, I guess actually, I'll take it right down. All right. I love it. Steven Rance. How are you guys like that? Can you imagine the office when he was at ClickFunnels? I've been like ranting and he'd be ranting and be getting louder and louder and we're outside. It's like, what is happening in there? Like, I don't know. Just back up. All right. So, um, I love that the projects that fit this, but the sales message does. Okay. When you're interrupting someone, you're not selling based on their needs. Like I need to shave. You're selling the desire. Right. We're selling the desire. Now what's interesting, right? So Gillette Shavers comes out here. Okay. One of our friends comes out a little while ago and he's like, I want to be the category king and he started a company called Dollar Shave Club. Excuse me, not Dollar Shave, Dollar Beard Club. And he just saw Dollar Beard Club. So there's Dollar Shave Club first, right? And then there's Dollar Beard Club. And, um, if you look at his, all of his ads are him making fun of people like me who can't grow a beard. Literally every one of them. He was like, one of the ads is like, Hey, you've never seen someone say, Hey man, I shave never happens, grow a beard. I'm like, Oh, even as someone who can't physically grow a beard, I'm like, I must. And he's like, well, we have beard supplements that will help you grow a beard. And beard oil, like I need to get these things, but I can't. Anyway, right. So the thing is, like, as you're developing your category, what you're doing, like Stephen said, you're looking back now and say, okay, this is, this is the congregations that I'm going to be saving people from. Like I legitimately, I don't know if he has fields way about your business. And if you don't, you need to amplify this. I legitimately feel like if someone's not using click funnels, they're screwed. Like when I see someone using infusion, I'm like, go, your life could be so much better. Did you understand what we could do for you? I remember like, um, uh, the first time people see me do a webinar, I close pretty consistently live about 15% who are on the webinar. If we're live in Vancouver from 30 to 50% and people like, man, you close like half the room. That's amazing. And I'm like, the other half didn't buy. Like what more could I have done for them? Right. Like you have to be that passionate about what you do being like so angry. Like, yeah, 15% is a great conversion, but other 85% how do I not get those people to understand what I'm saying? It makes no logical sense to me. Right. If you didn't buy my thing, you must hate money. That's the only logical explanation why you didn't buy. Right. That's how I currently, I honestly feel about what I sell. And you guys need to feel that same passion because I'm looking at this right here and these are all the people. These are all these vehicles that people are driving and trying to get this result, they're going to mount trying to get the result. And I'm like, you are going so slow. I could speed you up. I can get you there faster. I can get you the better, more efficient. Like some of you guys, I know that Pinto will never make the top of the mountain. But how would you try? And you just try it and you're trying to, I need to save you. Like, please let me do that for you. Let me take you from these other vehicles and plug you into my world. Okay. So I'm looking as I'm looking at the marketplace and say, okay, here's all the different places that people are currently congregating that need what I have to offer. And if I can get them to come to me, I can help them. I can serve them at a higher level than anybody else can. That's the kind of vision you have to have as you're trying to figure out this thing, right? We know who our dream customers are. If they're not here with you right now, they're somewhere stuck in here in this red bloody ocean being devoured by your competitors. You got to feel that passion about it. You guys, if you do, it makes this game so much easier. If you're like, oh yeah, my thing's good, but the other one's good too. No, you got to be this passionate about what you're doing. Like, how many guys feel that way about what you sell? If not, if not, like how do we crank up that heat? You got to believe it and believe it and believe it. And if you don't believe it yet, means you haven't served enough people, go find more people and work for free, serve them. Do whatever you can to give them the result. Because the more you get that, the more it's going to burn inside of you and the more you want to serve people better. Okay. And you're going to look back at this thing and say, okay, here's all my dream customers and I'm going to save all of them. I'm going to get these people over here at whatever cost because I know this is a better way for them. They're going to be happier. Life's going to be better. And someday they're going to be grateful for me, for being a marketer who keeps throwing hooks out there and trying to drag them in, trying to drag them in, dragging them in, right? Okay. And so this is, this is the goal. Now, eventually we come back here. So we started moving back to cold trafficking. And most of you guys will probably never get to cold traffic, to be completely honest, like cold traffic, you're going from 10 to 50, 50 to 100, like, like beyond. But the real reality is I'm going to cold traffic. It's people who just have a desire to be wealthy. I got to convince them that this is the thing. It's a bigger gap. So we're not going to get too deep into here, but this is like, as your company's growing, this is where we're getting click phones. Now it's like, we've, we've been like fishing out of as many places here as we can now it's looking like, how do we make our message resonate more cold people who were just wanting to get wealthy? Okay. It's a harder argument, different language patterns to fight that. But right now this is the known, the known markets, the sub markets and the niches. These are all of the different ponds of people congregating together. They're all my dream people. Okay. It's the story earlier about, about wrestling. If I was selling wrestling products, I'm thinking, where are these people congregating? Okay. Where are they congregating? Where are they congregating? For me, I knew the mat.com, all the wrestlers are there right now. trackwrestling.com is where the wrestlers are at. Flow wrestling is where the wrestlers are at. If I was selling wrestling products, I know all the congregations the wrestlers are currently in. Okay. If I'm selling internet markets, if I'm selling weight loss stuff, like wherever you are, like you need to be hyper aware of all these different things. I had somebody join one of our coaching programs probably three or four years ago and they wanted to be a real estate guru. I still remember they came to me and they're like, Russell, this is a cool thing. I figured out this thing is amazing. What we do to get houses and we buy them for really cheap and then we flip them and we make a profit in the middle. I was like, wait, what? Like that, like that's called house flipping. That's, that's like a lot of people do that. He's like, no, it's like we made the sub. I'm like, no, you didn't make it up. That's like a thing that's been around for a long, long time. And I was like, okay, well, whatever, like you can still sell. I'm like, okay, so who are the people like they tell me about the market? Who are all the different people that are currently buying from? And he's like, I don't know. I'm like, what do you mean? I'm like, for example, um, like the other people who already selling designs, like Robert Kiyosaki, like he's selling your audience. Like who's Robert Kiyosaki? I was like, what? You're selling real estate. You don't know who Robert Kiyosaki is. Are you kidding me? You're Donald Trump. He's the president now. Like same thing, like it doesn't make any sense to me. Right? Okay. He had no idea. I was like, name me off. Like, and I happened to know the real estate market. I was like, name off probably 30 guru friends I have that real estate gurus. I'll talk about this and didn't know any of them. Like how in the world is it to be successful if you have no idea where your customers are currently at? Like what is it? What's being said to them? What's being told them? What's happening over here? I need to be hyper aware of that because if I'm going to convince them that my vehicle is better, I got to know what their vehicle is. Right. I have to understand passionately and intimately exactly what they're currently doing to try to get to the top of their mountain, to try to get their result. Cause if I don't know what's happening, I can't, I can't help them. I can't move them away from it. Right. So if you guys is becoming understanding exactly where are, where are these congregations that people are currently at? Where are they hiding it? Where are their, where are your people right now? Okay. So we did the first versions exercise earlier today. This is the deeper level, level deep now. Okay. So for the interruption, I want you to think about this. We're going to take a few minutes here in a minute. Um, and it's going to be two part exercise. I'm going to have you guys spend probably three minutes on you thinking about this first question, which is the business that you're in and the business you want to be in, how do you, how do you create this to where it is your own category where I am the category King of sales funnels. I am the category King of weight loss for women. I'm the category King of whatever your thing is. Right. I want you to make a phrase. I'm the category King of this. And I want to make sure that it was you, as you figure out what that is, there's no other current category Kings you have to just throw in a behead to get there. Right. That's the long path. What is it that you have that you can be unique? What could you be the category King of? Let's do the exercise first. Then we're going to come back here into the red ponds here in a second. Okay. So spend three minutes and right there. I am the category King of blank and figure out what that could possibly be for your business and go. Yeah. There's no room in war. But feelings hurt me to the core. Still healing. And I know you're no good for me. So I try to forget the memory. Baby, it's so hard. Holding onto my chest. Maybe you left your mark. Mining me to forget. Doesn't matter where you are. You can keep my regrets. Baby, I got these scars. Mining me to forget. You left your mark. You left your mark. You left your mark. Mining me to forget. You left your mark. You left your mark. You left your mark. Remember, I told you to say that it's over. I'll be alright. So hurt me as much as you like. I need you to let go. Got these mental. But I'll be alright. Baby, it's so hard. Holding onto my chest. Maybe you left your mark. Mining me to forget. Doesn't matter where you are. You can keep my regrets. Baby, I got these scars. Mining me to forget. You left your mark. You left your mark. You left your mark. Mining me to forget. You left your mark. Mining me to forget. You left your mark. Mining me to forget. Okay, I know I gave you three minutes. This is not a process that takes three minutes to figure out how you're going to be the category king of a brand new market and change the world, right? I want you guys to start the process of thinking. So when we exit this experience in your home, your hotel rooms tonight, we're on the plane tomorrow over next week or month. You're thinking about these concepts, right? Because if you can dial that in and you can nail that, it's huge. It's set you apart from everybody else. In fact, it's interesting. You think about the big brands, right? Like Kleenex was a brand that became the name of the thing. Levi's was a brand that became the name of the thing. I get people in every city I speak and conduct me like, I'm trying to build a click funnel. I'm like, oh, a cell phone or a click funnel. Like we're becoming the thing, right? And if you define it and you categorize it, you become the thing and they start calling you the thing. That's even better. So kind of fun. All right. Okay, the next transition I want to talk about for a minute. So we've talked about this, right? You got to talk about category king. Now, as you're defining and like figuring out this is you, this is your blue ocean, you are the category king. Now your job is look back, like we said, and start looking back here. These are your customers. This is who you are serving. Your job is start pulling people back in. I want Stephen to share a real quick story off three of the box on this one. About one of our clients we're working with, one of our fad events or something like that, that kind of, we talked about this part of it and we started talking about this, got stuck and Stephen had a really good Stephenism. So in college, right? I was taught that I needed to come up with a product that was completely brand new, right? Totally prolific. Something no one's ever seen before. And like, that's some risky crap, right? And in reality, that's not actually how the games played. I was, it was one of the final hackathon events. How many of you guys have been to one? So I know, yeah, my people was up, awesome. And it was during a break. And at the break, somebody came up, I can't remember the name, somebody came up and said, hey, Stephen, I got this sweet idea. We all have tons of millions of ideas. He said, I got this sweet idea is, let me tell you the idea. He told me the idea and all these different pieces behind it. And he said, do you think that's a good idea? Somebody has said that phrase ever, right? Like crazy. And I said, well, first of all, am I your target market? He said, no. I was like, so, first of all, why do you care what I say? Second of all, what's the red ocean that you're stemming out of? Like, what are you coming, what's the one step you're taking away from? What's the red ocean you're taking one step out of? And he goes, I don't know. And I said, that's the riskiest idea I've ever heard in my entire life. Seeing. Boom, and dropped the mic. It's not as powerful to drop the mic that bounces. Like, oh, well, all right. Okay, so that's what we're gonna think about now. If you don't know this part of it, it's like he said, it's the riskiest business you've ever been in. You're coming from something, right? There's a core desire you're trying to serve for somebody. Okay, I keep doing this thing where I like point to this invisible mountain. He has probably no idea what I'm talking about. In my head, what I'm visualizing is like, there's this mountain up here. And the top of the mountain is the result that you are gonna get for somebody, right? And they're down here in this little vehicle. Here's their car. And they're going up here, right? So they're in this vehicle and they're trying to get at the top. And so all these submarkets are all the vehicles, all the people that are following, all the things they believe, all the groups, they're all these things that they're trying to do to get this result, which fulfills the desire they actually want, okay? So for me, it's coming back to, okay, here's all the different ways they're doing that. These are all the places I'm gonna be fishing out. All the people, all the places I'm gonna be grabbing my customers from and moving them over here. So now to be able to understand this, we have to define this thing and really, really, really, really understand it. So for this exercise, what you guys want to start, I want you guys to start doing to do right now is figure out for your business, you're gonna figure out if your health, wealth, the relationship, okay? So on the very top of your paper, right down, if your health, whatever you're right now, write that down and say, I am in health or I'm in wealth, I'm in relationship. Whatever your sales message is focused on, which one of these three are you? Okay? And then for the next three minutes, what you do is underneath that, say, okay, inside of wealth, what are all of the submarkets that I can dream of that are in the wealth category? All the submarkets in the relationship are in the health. Okay, I'll do this on the top of my head. So in relationships, you've got dating, couples, dating, like, man, I'm really bad at this. There's dating, there's marriage, parenting, yeah, like interpersonal relationship skills, leadership skills, like all these things in relationships, right? Health could be weight loss, weight gain, key to, like, losing weight, feeling better, healthy skin, like all these things, right? And then, so that's all the submarkets. So this is many submarkets you can dream of. And then the one that's closest to the thing is you're selling, then break down all the subniches. So if you're real estate, then write down house flipping, website, whole selling, short sales, like all the main things you can. So when you get as close to your actual product as possible, then you're gonna become the category king with, okay? So basically we have three minutes again, write down your decor desire, all of the submarkets you can think of underneath that core desire, and then the one that's closest to you, all of the niches within that submarket. Sound good? Ready, go. And now you ain't no friend of mine. There ain't no more tears for you now. You see, I'm moving on fast, finally got the past to go leave this pain behind. You got deep, babe, but you don't see, you don't care, and you don't bleed. You blow my mind like dynamite. You go boom, boom, boom, you got deep, babe. And now I know, you sweet, sweet words, we're all for sure, the views is tight, but dynamite, your soul's boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. There ain't no more retribution. No, I thought you better not waste your time. You better not waste your time Hey, hey, hey I don't miss your rhymes around me Show me now I put my hand in the fire, you're burning it, burn me once I don't need it for a second time You got deep, babe But you don't see, you don't care You don't bleed, you blow my mind Like dynamite, you go boom, boom, boom You got deep, babe And now I know Sweet, sweet words, we're all for sure The fuse is hot, my dynamite It goes boom, boom Boom, boom, boom Boom, boom, boom Boom, boom, boom I wish we had wrapped up the cra Speed 40 seconds. Keep riding, keep riding. 40 more seconds. All right, time. OK. One more quick thing, and then I switch to the next piece of this. There's a concept that, if you read the Extra Secret, talk about opportunity switching, right? We talked about it a little earlier today as well. Your job really is like, we figure out here, these are all the opportunities people are currently in to try to get this desire. The year product also fulfills for them. What your job is, well, this whole thing is your point of thumb over is what we call an opportunity switch, right? Opportunity switch. And in the slide that you drive, this little bridge I drew, it's like a bridge, right? Opportunity switch bridge. I'm taking from here into my new opportunity. So I want to kind of put that in this image here, because we're going to show it in like two slides as well, and I want to make more sense. But that's the job is, our job is to go in these red oceans, find the people who have the core desire that we solve, finding them, convincing them that our vehicle is better, and then get an opportunity to switch into our category so we can serve them at the highest level, okay? All right, so next thing I want to go into, the next phase of this is a concept we call the Dream 100. How many of you have heard me or Dana Derek talk about the Dream 100, at least once? All right, how many of you guys are actively doing the Dream 100 inside your business? Woo! It went from like 100% to like 8%. All right, good, that means I have something to talk about. So as a rust, I heard this before, I'm going to keep saying it until you do it. All right, so the story behind the Dream 100. So I learned this concept initially from my friend, Chet Holmes, and Chet passed away a couple of years ago, but I had an amazing experience with him three or four times, had a chance to hang out with him at Tony Robbins Resort in Fiji, and like do business together, fear some stuff out. And Chet was an amazing business strategic guy, but of everything I learned from Chet, the one that had the biggest impact on me and our company is definitely this concept, the Dream 100. And so I met Chet the very first time, and we were talking about this stuff. He had a book in his chapter in his book, the book's called The Ultimate Sales Machine, which, have you guys gotten that yet? Yeah, it's coming. Oh, it's coming. You may all be having a box of that coming in the mail in the near future, so anyway. Is that okay if we over deliver? You guys okay with that? Okay. But scroll to that chapter when you get it and just read the Dream 100, because it's amazing. So in that chapter, we talked about is, when Chet was going through his career, he worked for a guy named Charlie Munger, who's a billionaire, and he worked for one of the magazine branches that Charlie ran. And the magazine time was the lowest in the industry. Like there's like, I don't know, 20 magazines in the industry. They were number the 20, the bottom of the ladder, right? So Charlie brought Chet in and was like, hey, you're a magic marketing guru, make us number one. Chet's like, all right, I'll do my magic. So he looked at that and he's like, okay. And they were trying all sorts of stuff to sell more ads. And Chet said, you know what? If you look at all the magazines, our category, who are the people that are buying the most ads? Let's like make a list of those people. And went from the number one, number two, and went through all of them and said, okay, these are, if you look at everyone, these are the like 90% of the ads are bought by these 10 or 20 or 30, however many companies, right? So he made a list and he called it Dream 100 Lisp is all the companies to spend most of the advertising budget in their market. He took that list and he started a pig headed discipline campaign. The book was initially supposed to be called Pig Headed Discipline, but his publisher hated the name. So he changed it to the ultimate sales machine. If you read the book, he says Pig Head Discipline like 500 times because that was the title as he was writing the book. And he said, at that point for I got my Dream 100 list. And then with Pig Headed Discipline, I messaged them every month I would send them a package in the mail with something, two weeks later I'd call them on the phone. Then two weeks later I'd send something in the mail to be said I call them on the phone. With Pig Headed Discipline, I did that every two weeks. I either send them a package or call them on the phone. Send them a package or call them on the phone. He said in the first six months, guess what happened? Nothing, we didn't sell anybody. Nobody shifted. But then a little bit later, the first person came to us and the second person and third person, it's been like a year, year and a half, they went from being the number 20th magazine to the number one. By Pig Headed Discipline focusing on his Dream 100. Chet then take the same strategy. He wrote a screenplay for a movie and he wanted to do it. He's like, I don't know anyone in Hollywood, I've never done this before. I'm gonna do the same strategy. He's like, I'm gonna go and get a list of all of the people that could make my screenplay become a movie. Who are the actors, the directors, the people that actually can make this happen. He built a Dream 100 campaign. And then with Pig Headed Discipline, he started actively and aggressively marketing to these 100 people. He'd send them the script in the mail and they'd call him on the phone and send him something else and call him on the phone and did this until somebody picked up his thing and they turned it into a movie and kind of cool. So the way that Chet did it was like a very one-on-one experience. He's trying to sell this person a thing. And to this day, if I get any clients coming like, I'm selling a $100,000 thing or a million dollar thing, I'm like, just do the Dream 100 the way that Chet said it. Cause it's amazing if you can focus on a time. If you're selling something for $100,000 or a million dollars, you can spend two, three, $4,000 to get a customer, right? So like that's the strategy. But for a lot of us, we're not selling something where like one customer's not gonna, it's hard to justify me sending a package in the mail from then buy a free plus shipping book, right? Really quick, I run out of money. So when I started looking, he taught me that concept like how does that relate to me? How does it relate to our kind of a business? And I was like, wait a minute, what if I started looking at all of these different people here and I started doing Dream 100 canopane to them? Cause this community, this group, this person might have a thousand or 10,000 or 100,000 or a million people on their list. What if I started marketing to those people? And if I get them to say yes, one yes could turn into a hundred customers or a thousand customers or more, right? And so we started building these Dream 100 campaigns to the influencers, to the people that had my Dream customers already on their lists. We started aggressively marketing to them. So that's kind of the concept behind the Dream 100. And the Dream 100 is gonna become the foundation for most of what we talk about over the next day and a half inside the Dream 100, or soon inside of traffic secrets. Because again, I told you this earlier, like we don't have to go and create traffic. It's already there, right? I know from my audience, I know that Tony Robbins already has 3.3 million people on his fan page. You know, Gary Vaynerchuk's got like what, 3.4? I know Grant Cardone. I know all the people that have my Dream customers. So why do I go try to reinvent the wheel? Let me just go and figure out how in the world can I serve Grant Cardone? What can I do to him to say yes, right? Grant Cardone was one person I dreamed of a hundred or two years ago, right? Since then, guess what's happened? Well, last month I flew on his private plane, which was insanely cool. We built him a funnel of 50,000 feet in the air and we're about to launch that funnel. Two years ago I spoke with our 2,000 people in his audience, sold a million dollars, like I got a half a million dollar check. Next year I sold in front of 9,000 people, sold $3 million, got a one and a half million dollar check. And in February, I'm speaking in front of 35,000 people with a goal of selling $10 million in 90 minutes. How many of you guys want to come to that, by the way? Yes. We may or may not have tickets for some of you guys who are cool, but we'll see. That was one Dream 100, right? How much money can I invest in the in Grant Cardone to get him to say yes? I mean, I'm net in my pocket a couple million bucks now for that one relationship, right? And probably more than that, if you look at the exposure and all the B-roll and the other stuff that came from it, right? That's one person. When we launched the dot com secrets book, we did this exercise I'm about to go through with you guys. And I was like, OK, who are all the Facebook influencers that have my dream customers? Who are all the Instagram? Who are all of the Pinterest? Who are all of the podcasters? We had a list of like 30 or 40 podcasters who already had my dream customers listening to him. So we started aggressively marketing to the podcasters who already had the big followings, right? And we sent out these Dream 100 packages and a bunch of gifts and things like that. And one of them went to John Lee Dumas, who got the book in the mail he read. He's like, this book's awesome. I never met John before that day. He calls me on the phone. They do to your book. It's actually really good. I'm like, thank you. He's like, can I promote it? I'm like, yes. And then he did a podcast and he sent me so much emails. And he sent it. He sold like 4 or 500 copies of the dot com secrets book, which is millions of dollars in revenue over the last four or five years most customers brought in. Expert secrets did the same thing and on. But that one Dream 100 relationship has been worth millions of dollars to me because of one thing we sent out. And a couple of caveats before we get too deep into this. One of the misconceptions of the Dream 100, people think that the Dream 100 means you have to send a package to them in the mail, and that's it, right? That's a strategy. That's not the whole thing. Dream 100 is not just let me make a box and send it to them in the mail. That's a good strategy. But the Dream 100 is about building relationships, right? When I met Tony Robbins the first time, it's been a little over a decade now. I could have done what almost everybody does and be like, Tony Robbins, you're amazing. Can you promote my new thing? And what just would have happened? Turned me like, great Russell's like everybody else and would have just pushed me away. But instead I was like, oh my gosh, I meet Tony Robbins. Don't be a doofus. Don't be a doofus. Don't be a doofus, right? And so I'm like trying to be all cool. I'm like, hey man, how's it going? How can I serve you? How can I help you? What can I do? And for 10 years of my life, I did everything in my power to help Tony. I spoke in his events. I did funnels for him. I worked my butt off every single time. Anyone on his team is like, hey, Tony's got a question. Can you answer questions for three hours? Sure, why not? Anything I'd serve and I put in time and energy and effort into that relationship, right? Never asking for anything in return. 10 years later, I was like, OK, I've got this book, Tony, came out, called Expert Secrets. This kind of fits with your brand. Would you be willing to do a Facebook Live interview? He's like, yes. For you, Russell, I will. We did an interview and 3.3 million people end up seeing that interview on his fan page, because I put in the time ahead of time. So don't think he's just randomly sending a box and then hiding. That can be a part of the strategy, but it's building actual legitimate relationships with people, putting in the time, putting in the energy. When it all comes down, that's the actual key. So the exercise I want you guys to do with me is I want everyone to start building out their Dream 100 list. How many of you guys have actually done this and actually built out Dream 100 list? And you guys are talking about 20 times, you're like, ah, someday I'll do that, and then you forget about it. Thank you for being honest, my honest friends. So this is how we break up our Dream 100. In fact, we literally have an Excel sheet in our office. It looks like this. And there's a tab for each major platform. And then Dave and Miles and me, we sit down with Brainstorm. And as we find cool people, as I'm on Instagram searching through stuff and I see some of them amazing, I'm like, oh my gosh, this person's going to be awesome. I send it to Dave or to Miles. They add it to the spreadsheet. And then we start building relationships with them. How can we help them? How can we serve them? What can we do? Sometimes it's in a package. Sometimes we just call them on the thing. Some of them we buy their product. And then call them, hey, I bought your product. This is amazing. Like just little bits of service to make them know who I am. Sometimes it's just following them. Like guess how I knew who Stephen Larson was? This is amazing. Every single time I posted anything, the very first person to comment was Stephen. And he's got these big ol' eyes. He's like, ah, and I'm like, I'm seeing his face over and over and over again. The first time I met him, I was like, how do I know you? I'm like, you look so familiar. And he's like, ah, and I'm meeting. And then like, as I start working for us, I think we went back, it was the, it was the funnel. It was the extreme funnel makeover funnel. And the first video was about a backpack. And the very first comment I saw was Stephen tagged. And like, and I was like, oh, you're the dude who made that comment, like saw you everything. And put it all together. Like I knew who he was because he was always actively engaged. Okay. I know some of you guys, you respond to every Instagram I send out. I know you intimately because of that, right? Like, so like, I know people in this room because of how, yes, I know you, like I know faces because, not because you're hiding behind the thing, because you guys are reaching back out from your comment and you're providing value to me in different ways. Right? Like everyone's got different things for me. Brian value is just like saying, dude, that was awesome. Good job over here. Like things like that can provide value to me. And I know exactly who you are. I was sitting in the back of the car with Tom billaboo. Do you guys know who that is? He's the founder of quest, a billion dollar valuation for his company quest, like quest bars and stuff like that. And I'm sitting in the back of it. And all of a sudden, and I'm like Instagramming like everything because I'm a door. And like, and I'm Instagramming him. And all of a sudden Natalie Hodson, you guys remember Natalie from Fun Lacking Live. She's amazing. All of a sudden, like Tom reaches over and he's like, he's like, you know this girl? And I look over and it's Natalie. I'm like, yeah, I know it. And she's like, I'm sorry, hanging out with Russell. She just wanted to tell him hi. And then I was like, how do you know Natalie? Like you're the owner of a billion dollar supplement company. How do you know Natalie? She's like, oh, she comments on everything I do on social media and tells me how great I am. I'm like, that's a really good strategy. The owner of a billion dollar supplement company knows exactly who you are because you comment on every one of his posts. Right? It's the little things. It's not always just sending a box. It's how do you connect with people? How do you do those kinds of things? Right? It's my dream 100. I'm buying their products. I'm commenting and telling me how great their things are. The reason why Stu McLaren and I have been partners for 12 years now is 12 years ago, I launched a course called affiliate bootcamp. Stu McLaren bought it. Every single call of Stu McLaren was on every single call. He asked a question. Every single time it was over, he sent an email telling me how great my training was. He probably didn't listen to any of them, but man, I love Stu McLaren. Like he makes me feel so good about myself. And then one day a year and a half later, Stu and I were in an event sitting together and he's like, hey, Russell. I'm like, yeah, he's like, do you want to do partnership together? I'm like, yes, because you're awesome. Right? And we did a partnership because it's now lasted, man, 12 years about to launch a new software company together, which may be tied into traffic secrets or may not. We'll talk about that in the future. But there may be software that makes this process really easy coming out in the future. And it's because like 12 years ago, Stu bought my products and commented on what I was doing. Right? I'm intimately connected with my dream 100. I know what all of them do in any given time. Because if I walk up to Tony Robbins in the middle of, I see him. I have that my shot. I don't want to be like, hey, man, what's up? He's like, you don't know what's up with my life? Like I want to be able to be like, hey, man, how was Fiji? I saw you're in Fiji last week. Like, oh, cool. Like I want to make sure that I understand what's happening. We like, Russell, what do you know on social media all day? I'm not commenting, I'm not posting. I'm following all my dream 100 and watching what they're doing. If you're how can I provide value? What can I do? How can I serve this person? Like I'm looking for those things because that's the connection points. Okay. I'm always looking, always watching, trying to figure out what's happening. Okay. So I just want to put that out because everyone keeps thinking it's just like, I can be a piece of it, but it's not the whole strategy. It's actually me legitimately caring about these people. Because if you actually care about this, like, how do I actually serve their audience? How can what I do help these people? And we look at it that way, it changes the whole perspective, right? One of the most powerful, you guys know Sean Stevenson? Sean's the three-foot giant. He spoke at second funnel hacking live. Like one of the most amazing people ever. After the event, like six, seven months later, he called me on the phone one day and we're hanging out talking and just, he's making fun of me like he does. In fact, we have a funnel hacker TV episode coming out that Brandon's been working on that if you were at the funnel hacking live that he spoke at, it was so funny. He was like, hey Russell, I knew you'd sit in the very front row. I'm like, but I want to sit in the back and hide. He's like, no, I knew you'd do to be in the front row. Like, all right. So I sat in the front row and the first like 25 minutes of his presentation, right? He made fun of me in front of everybody and everybody laughed. It was hilarious and got instant rapport with me with the audience. It was really cool. Anyway, so I'm on the phone and Sean's making fun of me and after he's done, he asked me this question. It was so powerful. He said, what is it you're working on right now, Russell? I was like, oh, I'm actually doing work on this thing called Funnel Hacker TV where we're finding cool people and building funnels with them and trying to show it. And then they can talk about it on their thing. He's like, oh, cool. Hey, is there any way I can help support that? I'm like, Duke, we build a funnel for you. That'd be amazing. And all of a sudden like a week later, me and Brandon are flying to here. He lives here somewhere and like we're building funnels for him. He had everything. But it came off of him asking this question. What is it you're working on right now? Okay, I can tell you this from a decade and a half of doing this. The question that most people ask me is not that. Most of them are going to me say, hey, Russell, let me tell you you can help me. Like, okay, thank you. Sean came to me saying, what do you work? Like, what's important to you right now? And I told him, he's like, okay, how can I help serve Russell and his audience at a better level? Like, what is that thing? That's the question. That's the question that gets me thinking like, oh, this guy's awesome. How can I help him? What can I actually do? Right? He find out what's important to me and then weave it in. Okay, if I went to Tony Robbins and I'm like, hey, Tony, I've got, this is what's important to me. Can you help me? He's like, no. Like, Tony, what's important to you is like, I got this business master. I'm trying to help people. I have this big event coming up. Like, cool, can I help at all? Would you like to come speak? Like, dude, that'd be awesome. I'd love to come speak. Right? How can I serve them? Okay? So thinking about it from your dream 100 stop being selfish about it. Flip it around. It's like, what are they actually doing? What do they care about? If you can tie what you're doing into that, that's when you get deals to happen. That's when people care about you. That's when promotions happen. All those other magical things start happening. Okay? All right. So what I want you to do right now, we're going to do this one minute at a time. I know you guys don't have, everyone doesn't have laptops. So it might be not super easy. But I'm going to start the process now. So tonight and over this weekend, you guys can actually finish filling this out. Okay? So what I want to do is I want you to start thinking through this platform by platform. Each platform I want you to start listening out. So I'm going to do, I'm going to give you a minute on the clock and write Facebook and think about everyone that you know who's big on Facebook that could be part of your dream 100. And one thing I want to stress, this is the one mistake that we made during the expert secrets launch is I was assuming that every, we were doing everything cross platform at the time. Right? So someone had a big email list. I was trying to do a Facebook live with them. People had a big podcast. I started to do Facebook live with them. And I realized that John Lee Dumas has a huge email audience and big podcast, but maybe not big on Facebook. Right? Jason Flatland's got a huge email list because I three people to follow him on Instagram. Right? And so like, I was trying to get people to do things that they weren't their native platform. So like, after that, we shifted our dream 100 where we have a tab for each platform and I'm only doing stuff on Facebook. People who are interested in Facebook, I'm only doing stuff on Instagram. People who are big on Instagram. I'm only doing podcasts with podcasters. Right? You want to go where their audience actually is. Okay? So don't think because they're a big name that they're big in all platforms. They're probably not. They're probably big on one, maybe two. Okay? So right now, I want to think about start thinking through this is who is your dreamer? Who are the people that already have your dream, your dream customers already on a list, already congregated for you. If you could build a relationship with that person, it would unlock all of their customers you for free. Okay? So start on Facebook or give you one minute and as fast as you can, anybody who knows got a big Facebook follow, write their name sounds as many as you can in the next one minute. Ready? Go. Just cut this. 30 seconds. Keep going halfway there. 30 seconds. 10 seconds. All right. Okay. Break. All right. We started the process. I know why it's the end. Some of you guys, how many of you guys that was really easy and you're like, I know exactly what my people are on Facebook? Have you guys struggled with that a little bit? Okay? It's hard sometimes. Most of you guys have been goofed off on Facebook doing whatever. You have no idea. I only, my only goal on Facebook is to stock my dream 100, right? Make that your goal. Then it's going to be useful. You're like, I'm scrolling. I'm doing my homework. Russell said I have to. Right? Okay? Don't just go to goof off. Like this is a chance to follow your dream 100 fingers. Those people are. Okay? My guess is if it was easy for you, it means Facebook is probably the platform you're biggest on as well. That's my guess. Okay? What's interesting is like whatever platform you're really good at, you naturally gravitate towards this will be easier. Some are going to be really, really hard for you. Okay? Like if you're like a big time podcast or you love podcasts, it's going to be really easy. But if you don't listen to podcasts, that one's going to be really, really hard. Right? Okay? This gives you a reason to start kind of diving into each of these different platforms and start looking because like your dream customers are hanging out, talking about your dream, talking about what you can do and if you got to figure out how to get them. Okay? All right. So we'll call them or two Instagram. How many guys here like Instagram? Okay? We're going to spend one minute. I want to go through every Instagram influencer you know who has your dream customer already in their following that you want to do deal with. Okay? Ready? Go! Okay? Okay? What if he says no? 15 seconds. Finish writing. 15 seconds. All right. Break. Okay? A couple of things within this exercise I want to bring up and Julian John kind of brought us up is a good point. A lot of times we think like, I just have to get the one person like they said, Stephen said, I'm the one person in my dream 100. This is just Russell. Like, okay, what if Russell says no? Oh no, I'm screwed, right? So while I appreciate that, just kidding. I think there's not an option. What do you want to think about? Sometimes like the biggest people are always the best. In fact, during the expert secret book launch was interesting. Did you get a beat in Tony out? So Julie actually beat Tony Robbins out in book sells. That amazing? At the time, how many people ish were on your list? She had 9,000 people on our list at the time. Okay? So a lot of times the micro influencers are way more powerful than big ones because they have better relationship with their audience. I know this because Julie would like tell her people like, hey guys, ever buy a book and then have your friends buy a book. And she had, I sure people on her list who were like outdoor to door knocking like, hey, here's a laptop. Can you buy this book real quick? Next person because they love her so much, right? So don't think it has to be the biggest person in the world. And those people are a lot harder to get like Tony Robbins. I had a date for 10 years before he said yes, right? And so if I were to bank everything on a 10 year relationship, I would have been broke. Okay? So don't think it has to be the biggest thing like who are the people to have audiences? Even 9,000 person audience can sell a crap ton of books. Okay? Can build your business. I mean, Julie's company nets over a million bucks a year with that customer list, right? So it doesn't have to be insanely big. It has to be like the right people. Okay? All right. Number three is move on to podcasts. If you have no idea, just go to iTunes podcast directory, go to your category and start listing them out as fast as you can go. Okay? Okay. You got one minute. All the podcasts that already have your dream customers listening to them. Ready? Go. All right. All right. Ready? Break. Okay. Next channel we're going to go dive into. Is YouTube, how many guys are obsessed with YouTube and you spend half your day on YouTube? A few of you guys. All right. Now YouTube and other platform John Brice, something really, really good. It's cool about YouTube. Let's say you only know like two or three people, right? If you follow them, what's cool about it is you can go like, let's say you follow me, then you can be like, who are the people that Russell actually follows? And it'll show like Russell follows these people and then you can start digging deeper and deeper and deeper. Okay? And then who are those people following? And so as you, as you do this exercise at home in your hotel room tonight or whenever, this starts again, I wanted to start process. You're starting the motion. Something about starting momentum that's easier to keep going. She starts the motion when you get online, you start digging deeper and deeper and deeper. Like, well, who do they listen to? Who do they listen to? You start building these lists really, really quickly. Okay? So think about YouTube. Who has the big YouTube channels that already have all of your dream customers on a YouTube channel? If you can somehow just jump in front of those people, it would be amazing because you can get those people and save them from whoever they're listening to. Okay? We'll give you one minute. As many different YouTube channels as you know that you can think of. Ready? Go. Five seconds. All right. Ready? Break. Okay, next one. Who has the big email list in your market? Okay, what list do you subscribe to? Man, this person's got 1,000 or 10,000 or 100,000 or a million people on their email list. They sent an email about my product or my service. Overnight, I could get 1,000, 10,000, 50,000 people showing on my website. Who are the big list owners? Have big email lists inside of your market that already have all your dream customers sitting there waiting for you on a huge email list. Got one minute right now as many as you can think of. Ready? Go. Oh, I knew that you were up for something crazy too. That night, yeah. Still, our love is racing after all those years of facing all the colors are still fading into you. The lights are getting darker while our bond is getting stronger and the night becomes much longer with you. One day we'll fade away but all of us stay the same and I'll always keep you close no matter where we go One day we'll fade away but all of us stay the same and I'll always keep you close Five seconds. Alright, ready? Break. Okay, next one. Who are the bloggers in your market? Who are the bloggers that are blogging about your topic right now that already have readers that are listening to what they're saying every single day where somehow you get them to blog about you or talk about you in the blog would instantly send thousands of people into your funnels. Who are the bloggers right now that already have your dream customers as readers? Okay, you've got one minute, right down to as many as you can do. Ready? Set? Go! The night becomes much longer with you One day we'll fade away but all of us stay the same and I'll always keep you close no matter where we go Show my blue baby baby show my blue baby baby First things first, I'ma say all the words inside my head I'm tired of and tired of the way that things have been Oh, oh, oh, oh Five seconds. Oh, oh, oh, oh Alright, ready? Break. Alright, there are other social platforms that are interest based these are the core ones that we focus on. In the future there'll be new ones that come and go. Some of these will be destroyed. I would have had my space on this ten years ago, right? You guys are saying the process, right? This doesn't matter what the platform is, it's the concept. Who already has my dream customers? I said if you're out of here, get in front of them, okay? Now I'm going to shift from interest to search I want you guys to think about this a little bit differently, okay? So for Google search, for example, we talked about this earlier today with typing in keywords like work from home, make money, things like that and so people are like, how do you dream 100 on Google, right? So this is my goal, this is shift your thinking just a little bit. If I can shift your thinking just a little bit, it's going to open up some huge doors for you, okay? Back in the day when we were trying to get back when we were more in the business opportunity space we were focusing on like how to make money online, work from home, things like that what I would do is I would go to Google, I type in work from home and I find out who are the people that already ranked for work at home? Because getting ranked on payzone one for work at home is not easy. Getting ranked number one for weight loss is not easy. Getting ranked for those terms is really, really hard. But guess what? Somebody's already ranked there. What if those people became my dream 100? So I did, I went and typed in work from home. This is like my number one keyword back at the time. Almost impossible to get. I think clicks like PPC clicks were like five or six dollars per click back then for that keyword. I'm like, this is impossible to get. But these people already are there. So I went and I typed in work at home, I looked at the top 10 searches. I went to each person's page and guess what I found out? Almost every single page was not made by really good companies. They were made by really good marketers, really good SEO. And guess what people are really good at SEO are really bad at? Selling stuff. So I said, hey man, you're ranked number one for work at home. I'm like, I know. I'm like, how much money are you making? They're like, not that much. I'm like, how much do I have to make a ton of money? They're like, how? I'm like, I will give you money. All you have to do is put this little code on your site and every time someone comes to the page, it's going to pop up and say, join Russell's money making email list. And when they give me the email address, I will give you a dollar for every single person who gives me the email address. Like you give me a dollar for every email address? I'm like, yes. They're like, are you serious? I'm like, yes. I'm like, okay. I need people to put my pop ups on their pages. And all of a sudden instantly, not only was I ranked on page number one in Google for every keyword I could dream of, it was like even better because someone would, they type more from home, they clicked on the link, and it was like three or four level deep, so I was just getting the cream of the crop. I wasn't paying for the click. I wasn't paying for the thing. I didn't do the work to get in. I was just finding people who had already ranked there and that targeted them. Same thing happened in YouTube, right? I found the videos I wished that I had. I go there. Half time they're horrible videos. I found these little dorky kids who made videos that I would have dreamt. that I would have dreamt, I would have like given my right arm to have the video in the spot. I'm like, hey man, I'll give you a hundred bucks if you change the description link from that crappy I have there to my link to my website. Like a hundred bucks, I'm like, yes. Okay, boom. Also my link is on the number one ranked video because I personally came out dream 100. Right, so I want you guys to shifting your thinking just a little bit. You don't have to go and like do the work to get there. Like find out who already did the work and how do we dream 100 with those people, okay? So spend a few minutes and Google like coming back to what we talked about earlier, like what are the keyword phrases that you would love to find the people who already ranked and make those people your dream 100. You got one minute right now for all the things, all the keywords you can think of that your dream customers are already hitting their pages. Ready, go. It's about you. Oh, I love that. I love that. I love that. I'm a little bit sheltered. I'm a little bit scared. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm going nowhere. I'm a little bit jealous. I'm a little bit slow. I'm a little bit hurtful, and I don't want to let it go. No. No. And I won't let it go I'm a little bit angry When everyone's around But I get a little lonely when no one's out I feel my demons Misleading me I'm just a believer that things won't get better So I can take it or leave it But I don't wanna let it go I'm just a believer that things won't get better So I can take it or leave it But I don't wanna let it go If I get older And I'm in the world The way it's all my fault is it was... I'm not creating traffic. I'm figuring out where it actually already is today. Okay? Now how many of you guys struggle with that exercise? You guys are like, I can't think of anybody. Or I got one name or you're like, you're struggling with it, right? If you are, it's because you're using social media the wrong way. How many of you guys are on social media because you're like talking about stuff and tweeting things and clicking on weird buttons and stuff like that and like having... talking to your friends and like... How many of you guys are using social media? No one will admit it because I'm teasing you. Okay? I want you to shift how you're looking at these platforms, okay? All these platforms for me are piles of customers who are self-congregated based on beliefs and values and dreams. I look at this as like piles of gold. I just have to look at these piles of gold and like, okay, how do I tap into these piles of gold? If you're struggling, I'm guessing that you're kind of like dabbling in a couple of different platforms and kind of a little bit, right? For me, it's like I go into iTunes and I know who all the podcasters are and I listen to their podcasts. And so I'm listening to podcasts and be like, what podcast are you listening to? I'm like, the ones who I know my dream customers are listening to for a couple of reasons. Like half the time it's not because I'm trying to learn the next new thing, right? There are very few new marketing ideas where I'm like, oh my gosh, this is the brain. I'm not freaking out. I'm listening because like, what is Neil Patel telling his audience? What is he saying? Why is he saying it? What's Neil caring about? What's he interested in right now? I'm listening because I need to figure out how to build a bell racing with Neil Patel and I want to understand what he's saying to his customers. When I'm speaking to my market, I can either agree with them or disagree with whatever I need to do, right? If I'm going to be able to the best person that's going to switch them from this opportunity to mine, I have to understand his customers. I'm listening for that reason. I'm listening to Andrew Warner. I'm listening to Nathan Lacka. I'm listening to like all the podcasts I listen to is that. That's the reason why I'm doing it. Okay? I'm listening to a lot of them. I'm listening to a lot of podcasts consistent. That's why I'm listening to. I can understand the person who controls that customer base. Number one, because I need to understand them. And number two, because I can understand his customer base. What are they actually needing? How can I provide value to those people? Right? So I have like 10 or 15 podcasts I listen to religiously. I'm going through them all the time with those two things I'm looking for. Not necessarily listening to the greatest shiny thing. Like you guys don't need any more shiny objects, am I right? So don't try to do that. Don't listen like, I got to implement every single thing in every single podcast. You're listening to like, no, you're listening to say, how can I build a relationship with that human? And then the human, the people that he's serving, how can I help serve them as well? Because then we get on the call with Neil Patel, like, hey man, I love your podcast. He's like, you do? Like, I listen to every single episode. He's like, are you serious? Like in fact, my favorite podcast was this one right here. I tell him my favorite podcast. He's like, oh my gosh, Russell actually cares about me. Like he's a super busy guy. He's actually listening to my podcast, right? And I'm like, hey man, you did a podcast similar to this other day about this. Like, I think I would love to come and like share this really cool thing about how funnels relate to SEO and how you can like tie those things together. And I think your audience will love. He's like, oh my gosh, like that would be actually really cool. Like, cool, can we do that? Like, yeah, let's do next Wednesday, right? Boom, I'm in there. Andrew Warner, who came out to the Mixerdy host, who came out to our event last week. Guess how I got Andrew to like be so excited to fly to Provo, Utah, to the Drybar Comedy Club. If you guys know Andrew, he's famous for his big Scotch nights. He came to Provo, Utah to do a Drybar. Drybar means there's no alcohol. And he started out there for two hours interviewing me, completely dry, right? How do I get somebody excited? Okay, this is our guest, our list and everyone is podcast. I became fascinated with him. I don't like most of his guests to be completely honest. And I told him, I like do with most people we interview, I don't really like, but I love how you interview people. Like it's fascinating. Like he, the way he interviews is like my favorite thing in the world. And one of his podcasts, he interviewed the dude who started the Princeton Review. This is worth everyone going. If you want to see like, oh, okay. So Andrew's famous for he like, he has no holds bar. He tells a guest ahead of time, like, I'm going to interview. I'm going to ask you a bunch of awkward questions. I don't edit anything ever no matter what. And you have to play by the rules. You can't be on the podcast. Like, okay. So you come on in half the time since half his guests like come back later, you can't publish this and like, did you know the rules before he got started? Like it's going live. And he has this like anyway. So I'm listening to this one interview he did with the guy who started the Princeton Review and they're going through the thing. And then Andrew's like, I think, why are you even doing these podcasts? Like you're like, all these things that starts getting into like, like not attacking him, but it starts getting awkward. And the guy starts to defend himself, start fighting back and forth. He gets worse and worse. And you're like waiting for him to like steer the ship out and like end on a happy note. It gets worse and worse and worse. And then all of a sudden the guy, it got the point was so bad. He's like, I'm going to interview right now and it ends. And I'm like, oh my gosh, like that was amazing. And so the first day I messaged Andrew, I'm like, dude, whoa, that was amazing. Like I've never seen a more awkward interview and I loved every second of it dude. It was amazing. And then like four or five months later, Dave was hanging out with Andrew and I'm, like, hey dude, get Andrew the phone. He gives him the phone. He's like, dude, of every podcast I've ever heard in the history of my life, my favorite one was when you interviewed the Princeton Review dude. That was the most awkward moment of my life. And I loved every second of it dude. That was awesome. And so Dave gave it to Andrew. He listened to it and he could see like his smile on his face like, Russell Brunson is listening to my podcast so much so that he's like, tell me about this story. This is emotional experience he had, right? Right. Listen to it. Do I care about the star story of the Princeton Review? No, I couldn't care less. I don't even know the Princeton Review as somebody with college that I just know it's not like my thing. But I listened to that because I'm listening for two things. What is, like, how do I, how do I build a relationship with Andrew? How do I know when I have that shot, when I have the chance to meet him face to face and I can say something that's going to make him be interested in me? And number two is like, how can I serve that audience? Right. And then that started a friendship and the relationship I've been on the show twice now. We sold millions of dollars with stuff because of Andrew. He came to our thing, did the startup stories event last time. We're going to launch this as a whole funnel later on. I'm like, so much value came because I cared enough to listen to this interview every single time. Like, Russell, you're so busy. How do you do that? Do we all have time? How many of you guys are late in bed like sitting there looking at the ceiling? Like just throwing an interview and starting listening to people. If you don't like the interview, you don't listen to all of them. Just enough to understand who the person is and what they're telling their audience so you can figure out how to serve them. Okay. That was a tangent. I'm trying to remember how to get back where we started. Okay. Oh yeah, social media. So for all you guys, like instead of using Facebook just to go look at cat pictures and stuff or whatever, like go on there and be like, who are the people in my dream market that already have my following? Go and start following those people and then go start commenting on every single one. Every time they post something, go comment. Post something, go comment. Like be engaged in them. That's all I'm doing on Facebook. I'm on there scrolling looking for my people. When you start commenting, the coolest thing happens is that all the cat pictures start filtering down and they disappear. And when people show up in your feed or your dream 100. So I wake up more like my phone. I'm like, boom, Tony said this. So and so says this. Like within like five scrolls, I know what all my dream 100 are doing that day. I have perfect clarity. I'm figuring out how can I serve these? What can I do? How can I like what's the connection point? I can reach out to Tony. I was like, oh, do Tony. This thing and all of a sudden it's like context and relationship and I can do those things. I'm watching. That's why you social media. Same thing on on Instagram. I follow the people in my dream 100 same thing on podcast, YouTube email list. How many of you subscribed to every single person's email list in your market? If you're not, you're missing something. You may be like, I don't, there'll be too many emails in my inbox. I'll be screwed. I'll have to like look at every single shiny object. It's not about like all of you guys can stop consuming stuff just by my stuff. Okay. I promise we're giving you the best of the better. Kind of. But this way you do. You go into Gmail and you set up a folder for every single person on your dream 100. You then subscribe to the list and you tell when every single email comes in, put it into this folder. Right. So the new emails never in my inbox. But once a day I log in, I see all of my dream 100 and like Tony send the email. Look at those real quick. What do you say? What do you say? What do you say? Cool. I'm up to date with everything that's happening in their world. Now I see Tony. Hey man, I saw you were in Kabul last week with Sage. It was really cool. And blah, blah, blah. And it's like, Russell's paying attention. Like he's so busy. He's paying attention to me. But I have those connection points. Right. You need to be subscribed. You need to be finding the bloggers. Okay. Who are the bloggers in your space? You need to be reading their blogs. You don't like blogs. You still should go figure out their blogs. Cause what in the world are these like, you may not like the blog, but there's an audience of people who are obsessed with blogs, right? Huge followings, insanely big followings. If you can build a relationship with a blogger and you're, in fact, you guys know how Tim Ferris launched the four hour work week. As he was writing it, he went to all the blogging conferences. He got to all the bloggers and like, what do you do? Like, oh, you know, I'm a writer. Like, what do you write? Oh, just stuff and build relationships and friendships and relationships and friendships and relationships like a year and a half, two years. He's writing the book and he got closer to publishing. He's like, Hey, you guys, all his blogging friends he'd met over the last year and a half and didn't ask for anything. Just serving them. He's like, Hey, I'm almost on my, my first book. I sent you a transcript of love to get feedback on like, sure, man, whatever sends them all these things. All of them like, this book's really, really good. Okay. Tim had no following time, no email list, no nothing. All he had was a bunch of bloggers he'd met. Before our work, we came out every blogger he'd spend a year and a half building a relationship with, talked about it, became New York Times best seller overnight. And he became Tim Ferris, right? Because of that. So for you guys, it's like understanding like this is, this is, this is the magic of the world you've come into, right? There are things that are hard. The markets have gotten more complicated. That's frustrating. That's annoying. But the amazing thing is that all these congregations are already here. Your dream customers are already hanging out somewhere. You don't have to go like, try to create the stuff out of thin air. Just understanding where are they at right now? And then we'll talk about strategy how to get in front of them. Right now it's just identifying this is where they're at. I feel like my job in the business is to be like looking through all this stuff and looking for these, these pockets of our dream customers, right? I don't know if this is actually true or not, but I read it one time. So it could be, but it might not be. Either way, it's a good analogy. So they said back in the day when people would go mine for gold, they go into mountain and they're digging in the mountain and they're looking for gold. Cause as soon as they find gold, typically gold, there's like a vein of gold that will run through the mountain, right? So they find a little gold like we found some gold. This is the vein of gold and they'll bring the excavation teams in and they will mine that, that vein of gold through the mountain and pull out millions and millions and millions of dollars worth of value from the mountain, right? And it's the same thing in this business. You're on Facebook, Instagram and you're not goofing off. You're looking around, looking for the veins of gold. Like where that, where that, where that boom. I found a group with all these people. Boom. I found a new influencer. Boom. I found this person and eat those people's a vein of gold. If you look at that, it's like, Oh my gosh. Like that one connection, that one relationship can be worth a million, two million, five million bucks to me. When you realize that's like, let me put some effort into that. It's worth it. Okay. So I'm always looking at who's already has my dream customers. Okay. They've already got congregated. They got one more thing and then we'll take a break here. Cause I'm probably like most of you guys, we've been sitting for a long time. This is my fifth Fiji. So I'll take a break in a second, but I want to see, I want to show you how this ties in. So early we talked about the three types of traffic, right? I'm just going to show the slide. This is the first part of this game, right? There's traffic control and the traffic you earn. Our goal is to morph those things and turn them into traffic that we own. Okay. So what we do that is we take a step backwards to our dream 100, right? We build out this huge dream 100 list. And as I have that list, I'm looking at every single person on the list, every single keyword, every single thing. I'm saying, look, there's two ways to play this game. Either I can control the traffic or I can earn the traffic. So for example, that very first top one, top left hand, let's say, that's Tony Robbins on my list. I'm like, okay, I can either try to control the traffic or I can earn it. So I'm going to personally try to do both. I'm trying to earn Tony Robbins' respect and his trust. So I start trying to earn it. I'm putting in the time and the effort and the energy. But if I just wait for 10 years for Tony to finally like me enough to promote something, I'm going to be broke. So the cool thing, the biggest thing that these social platforms have given us, the biggest gift is that they let us go and target people. So Tony Robbins' name, right now, I'm going to control traffic. I'm going to buy ads to his people. I'm going to get as many of his customers off as possible. I'm always getting people from his world into mine so I can own that traffic. And at the same time, I'm trying to earn my way in. I'm doing this thing simultaneously and I'm bringing people from there so I can turn them into traffic that I own. Each person I'm going through, some people, there is no way in a million years you'll earn traffic from them. They're never going to put you on the podcast, on the platform, things like that. But I can buy ads to their followers and I have those people I'm bringing them over. Other people, it's opposite, right? Some people will never sell you an ad, but they do interview shows. It's like, hey, cool. How do I get on that person's interview show? Because if I get on the interview show, I earn my way in and those customers are going to come to me. So I'm thinking about this whole process. This first step here in the traffic security system is really understanding, here's my Dream 100 and every single name on that, I'm thinking, can I work my way in or can I buy my way in? It's one or the other. I'm going to work my way in and pay for ads to that person's following or I'm going to earn my way in and try to figure out how I can get on that person's platform. How can I get them to promote my product? How can I get them to email the others? How can I get them to do a YouTube video with me? How can I get them to interview me on the podcast? How can I get them to write a blog post about me? How can I, like, whatever those things are at, right? And so it's just really fun. We're looking at like, these people all have my dream customers. The question is, can I work my way in or can I buy my way in or both? And that's the process. That's the game we start playing here. At least if I need any notes about that really quick. All right. So that's the first step in this game, you guys. This is why the Dream 100 list is so important. I've talked to a lot of people about this. They're like, I don't want to send boxes out to people else. So I want to drive traffic. I'm like, you're missing it. That can be a way, right? But how do I know how to target? Like my Dream 100 is how it all begins. This is who I'm targeting. This is how I'm getting ads. When I'm on Facebook and I find a new person, I send it today. He puts it on a spreadsheet. John Boggs is in there saying, oh my gosh, I didn't even know. Like I didn't, it's funny. I didn't know Grant Cardone existed three years ago. I'd never heard his name in my life. And one of our sales guys came to me and said, hey, there's this sales trainer and start talking about him. He's named Grant Cardone. I'm like, who's that? I watched this crazy video of him during a hurricane and he's selling all this stuff. I'm like, that guy seems a little crazy. I don't know. And I was like, look at this thing. He had like three million followers. I'm like, oh, this guy seems really cool. Send him over today, put him on the list. John Starshard is people. And soon I found out that Grant Cardone's audience is one of the highest. His customer base is one of our highest converting customers of everyone. His people buy insane amounts of stuff. That was one person we found. And then what do we do? We start buying ads instantly. We start buying our way in. And I was like, hey, how do we work our way in? What can we do? How can we provide value? How can we help them? How can we serve them so I can earn my way in as well? Because earning my way in is better long term because I don't have to pay for it, right? But sometimes it takes longer. Okay. And so you're working both angles, both directions. That's kind of the process there. And so many things I want to talk about. Do I talk about this here or later? I'm trying to think. I'm thinking if I touch this later, I don't want to ruin the surprise. I'll talk about it right now because I think it's important. Then we'll break. If you think about this, okay, this is how the real world works too. Not just the internet nerds like us, right? If you look at the real world, this is how it works, okay? For example, what's a big movie that's coming out this summer? They will know. Anything's coming up? What time of year are we? What's the next big amazing movie coming out? What was it? The Nutcracker. That's a horror. No. I'm like a superhero kind of guy. All right. Let's give me something good. Give me something good. The Grinch. All right. Captain Marvel. Captain Marvel. Captain Marvel. Captain Marvel. I'll do Captain Marvel because I'm so excited for that. Do you guys know what Captain Marvel is? Yeah. Okay. For the nerds, I will tell the rest of the people what this is because we are all on the same page. Cap, I'm one of you. Don't worry. I get it. Okay. Thanos snapped his finger. Half the world died. He has all seen the New Avengers movie, by the way. Anyone not seen it? If not, we should leave right now. What? We should stop everything and go watch that because half my stories don't make any sense. And I'm ruining the movie for you. All right. So there's the super bad guy who gets this big glove and gets all the rings. He snaps and half the world dies. That's the movie end. Sorry to ruin it for you, but that's what happened. Not the world. The entire universe just, they disappear. And the very last second, what's the dude with the eye patch? Vision, right? Yeah. Vision is like, oh my gosh. And he messages someone and then he disappears and dies. And the message has this little Marvel symbol. And everyone's like, who is that? And I didn't know at the time. So that night, I'm on Google for like 18 hours learning everything about that symbol. There's in the comic book world, there's a superhero named Captain Marvel who is like the Superman of Marvel, right? And she is like the most amazing, toughest, imagine Superman as a chick. Like that's Captain Marvel. And so the next movie coming out is the prequel was Captain Marvel. And she's going to tell the backstory for her up to 1980s. And in the 1980s, in fact, it's like, it's happening with like blockbusters. Like whole 80s movies can be amazing. And then the next Avengers coming back and Captain Marvel's and come back beat the crap out of Thanos, reverse time, hopefully and save everybody. Hopefully. So that's an open form. At least that's how it's right in the movie. So why did I tell you the story? Oh yeah. Okay. So when Captain Marvel's coming out, right? Welcome to my brain. You guys, this is, this is, uh, all right. So the reason I'm telling you this is because when Captain Marvel comes out, they will be doing the dream 100. Who plays Captain Marvel? I don't even know yet. Yes. So when she, when it comes out, what will happen is the movie's coming out and then the TV show will get their dream 100. And they know who's our dream 100. We've got the today show. We've got, uh, good morning, America. We've got the tonight show. We've got Jay Leno. No, Jay Leno's gone now. We've got, uh, Jimmy Fallon, Jimmy Kimmel. They've got these people, right? The people that have the audiences, the people who go to a movie, right? And then what happens? They do the media circuit, right? So what happens then is she will go and she will be on today show and then tonight show and then Conan, then good morning, America NBC. And she will go to every single one of these things and she will work her way in. She will earn the media. They'll talk about the entire weekly, it's a big show and then it'll hit. And if she did a good job, everyone will go to the movie theater. We'll all watch it together. It'll be amazing. I'll be dressing at Captain Marvel. No, I'm going to dress like a man, but I'm sure Julie would dress like Captain Marvel. I don't know. It'll be amazing. It'll be a box office smash. It'll be huge. Okay. So they'll be earning their way. Now during that time on all these different channels, while she's earning her way and hitting all the media circuits, doing this at the same time, they will be buying ads and they'll be earning her way. So you'll see her talking about Captain Marvel. Then throughout the show, you'll see paid ads happening, driving people to the movie, right? Paid ads happen. They're earning their way and they're buying their way in for the big huge launch of the show and it happens. Okay. It's the same pattern. Same thing's happening there. It's happening here. We launched the X4 Seekers book. I didn't have a platform to be able to go and do that, right? I didn't think that Jimmy Fallon was going to interview about my books. We did the same process here. We got my Dream 100. I said, okay, this is the game plan. We're launching this thing. I'm going to go earn my win. How many podcasts, how many interviews, how many Facebook lives, how many can I do to earn my way in? And at the same time, those same audiences go buy the crap out of every single ad. How many guys are sick of seeing my ads? It's John's fault if you want to blame someone, right? Okay. But that's the game. We're going in here and we're identifying the audiences. Our dream customers have already been congregated. All these people here have already congregated. I'm going to go invent that. I said to find out who is the leader of the congregation, right? We go buy ads to target those people and we pull them in so we can become traffic I own. And then I got to figure out how can I build a relationship with that person? My job as the CEO of the figure face, whatever, is like building connections, building a relationship with the people who are in charge, who have huge gatherings of people. It's interesting, like I did a podcast on this about a year ago, but I talked about, it's interesting, like all of us in our own businesses, like we're gathering people, like that's what businesses, right? It's gathering people based on beliefs and values and serving them the highest level possible, right? So for me, it's like, I'm finding who are the gatherers? Who are the people that are already gathering these congregations that have my dream customers I can serve and then figure out how I can serve those people? How can I serve the person in charge of that congregation that tribe, whatever you want to call it? And then how can I buy ads to those people? That's the game. That's the game we play. Does that make sense?