You guys have all seen the DVD that Randy and I did, right? You guys have all sat down and watched that. What we're going to cover today is we're going to talk a little bit about the introduction, and a lot of that that we're going to talk about is going to be very, very similar to what we covered, but I want your input especially after Dave, you guys kind of listening on the phones and kind of hearing what goes on and what takes place. What is the whole purpose of the introduction? To pull out hot buttons. To pull out hot buttons? Okay, what else? Okay. What is the problem? Okay. The people don't have the knowledge. Now, how do we do that in the introduction? We ask them questions. We simply ask them questions and we say, what's going on, what's happening, what's changing in the introduction. If you guys will pay attention to just about any sales call, whether it's on the phone or whether it's person to person, whether it's you walk into RC Willy, it really doesn't matter any sales call. The majority of sales are actually done within the first 30 seconds to two minutes of any transaction. That is really where a sale is made or it's broken, is within that first initial meeting. Okay. What do we have to do in order to get somebody to talk to us? Because this very first part is the most important thing for us to come across. What do we have to do to get people to talk to us? It's like first impression. You want to first impression to talk to them on the phone, but you know, it's like you or you just want to listen to them. Yeah, we do. How do we get people to listen to us? How do we get somebody to talk to us? How do we talk about themselves? Why do you say that, Carl? I agree with you. Well, I like talking about themselves. I like telling people that those are the future, but I don't know if they're not going to actually step to do it. Everybody likes to talk about themselves. Can you think of anything more exciting Ryan to talk about than yourself? Football. And why do you like talking about football? Because it's a part of you. It's a personal choice to like football. It's something that you love talking about. It's something that you love. So you can sit down and if I want to sit down, I want to talk about the Texas Ohio State game last night. You and I can sit down. We probably talk for hours about it, right? Okay. No problem at all. We all have things that we like. So the first initial thing that we do in the introduction is what? What do we ask? Look at your script, everybody. Not the high hello, the pleasantries. Okay. The what? How are you doing? So let's get past the pleasantries. What? Why did you order this? What are you looking to accomplish? Okay. And anybody, have you guys ever ordered anything that you haven't been interested in? Initially, when you pull out your credit card, are you interested in it? How come? Because you're buying it. There's, of course, you're interested in it. Now, does that interest Wayne? After maybe 30 seconds, you think, gosh, why in the heck did I just spend that 20 bucks? Okay. I've got a $500 remote control car that's sitting in my garage. That why in the heck did I buy that thing? Okay. It's cool. It'll do 40 miles an hour. I don't know what to do with it. Okay. It sits in my garage and about once a year, I get it out and play with it with the nephews. Okay. So what you've got to understand is we want them talking about themselves and talking about their business. Okay. So I get on the phone and I say, Carl, why did you order Russell Brunson's information? Okay. What are people? You guys sat down and you listened on the phone a little bit. What were people saying? Why did you order that information in the first place? To get a better residual income to add, you know, two, three thousand more a month. Okay. What else? Some people are sure that they're going to have to work for any of those. Okay. What else? Free time. What else? Gathering information. Gathering information? That's a big one. I got everybody's question. Okay. Okay. So why are you ordering that information? Okay. Let's talk about these things. I want a better residual income. Okay. What's my next question there in the introduction? What's your current resolution? Okay. Would I jump that fast? If I jump on the phone with you, Bill, okay, now you're East Coast, you're a little bit more brash. I understand that. Okay. But if you jumped on the phone with me and you said, hello, how are you? Okay. And you said these things to me and I said, yeah, I want a better residual income. Your next question is how much money do you make? I, me personally, okay, I'd say gosh, that's a little personal, Bill. Maybe I would get turned off. Okay. Can I get the exact same answer by crafting my question just a little bit different? Ask him how much residual income they'd be looking to make? Okay, that's, okay. How much would you like to? Okay, let's, so a better residual income, okay. What's the, what are the most powerful questions in sales? The most powerful words? Why, who, what, where, okay. Why, why do you want to make more money? Okay, that seems like a stupid question, right? Who doesn't want to make more money? Okay. But, but, but what happens? Carl, why do you, and tell, tell me personally, Carl, why do you want to make more money? Free time. Free time? Yeah, I have future, I have a future for my kids. What would you do with your free time? Okay. More time with your kids too? How many kids do you have right now? Two kids. Two kids? How old are you? Three and nine. Three and nine? I got three kids, you know, they're about, we got a six month old, a three year old and a six year old, so, so, so you got some kids you'd like to spend some more time with them and do some things with them? Okay. What, what else would you do if, I mean, if money and time weren't really in, you know, you didn't have to go to a job and, and you didn't have to worry about doing all those things, you knew you had some residual income coming in, what else would you do other than white water rafting and mountain climbing and spending time with your kids? I'm not sure, I'm sure, I got to that point I'd have a lot of it, I have more answers. Take it a step at a time. Okay. Carl, bare minimum to get you to that point, okay? What kind of money do you need to be making each month to feel comfortable walking away from your J.O.B.? About $8,000 a month. Okay, what did I just find out, guys? Okay, he needs $8,000. Now, do, do I know that, that Carl makes $96,000 a year? I, I, but, but do I have a good idea of, I, I, I have a good idea, hey, this guy sounds, he's got, he's got some kids, he likes white water rafting, mountain climbing, he likes all these things, and, and I know that he's got to make a decent income to walk away from his job. Okay? Did, did I ask him, and, and you, you weren't quite as brash, Bill, to say, how much money do you make? But, but do you, do you see what I'm saying? I can get the exact same answer, just by, so, so walking away from your job, that's something you'd like to do? Yeah, it is. Okay, bare minimum. How much money would you need to be making to walk away from your job today? Okay? Do, do I know, do I know if I'm talking to somebody who's making $15,000 a year and $10 an hour, or, or do I know if I'm working with somebody who's a professional? I, I, I do, just, just, and, and what else did I find out about this guy? He's a family man. He's a family man. Boy, can I pull that out at the end? Gosh, how, how are your kids college educations right now? Is that something you'd like to do? Is that something that's important to you? All of a sudden I can start pulling all these things out with this person, and what's he talking about? He's talking about himself, guys. It's all about getting that person on the other end of the line to talk about themselves. So, so, so I talk about those things just a little bit with them. Okay? Now, now tell me, Carl, what is it that you're looking or wanting to actually accomplish online? What, what do you, I know you want to build a business. I, I know you want to make $7,000 or $8,000, but I mean, have you thought much about how you wanted to do it? No, no, I don't have that information. That's what I'm calling you. Okay? So, so, so it would be fair to say that, that building an online business is something that you really like to do. You're just not sure how to put it all together. Okay? Carl, if you knew how to put it all together and you knew that you could build a successful online business, is there anything that would be stopping you from getting it started today? Okay. What, what, what, what have I just done? Okay? What, what, what did I tell you? When's the sale done? 30 seconds to two minutes. Okay? It, it really is. Okay? I've tied him. I don't know if Carl has money available on a credit card. I, I don't know all that information. We're going to talk about that over the next few days. But, but that's all done in the introduction. Have I, have I identified the problem with Carl? Why isn't Carl making more money? And if he knew how to, he, he'd get started. So what, what's the purpose of the blast? To provide that solution. Okay? To, to get them that solution to, I don't know how, great. Well, because you don't know how Russell Brunson does, and we're going to teach and train you how to do this. Okay? Any questions about that? So what I want you guys to focus on today as you guys are going through your introduction today is, is I want you guys to sit down. I want you guys to focus on asking questions, listening to the person on the other end of the phone. You guys, your mom always told you you got two ears and one mouth. Okay? That, gosh, that there's so much truth behind that. If you guys will actually listen to me do a set, I, I do probably 40% of the talking, maybe 30% of the talking, and the other 60 to 70% is done by the person on the other end of the phone. Okay? I want to know about them. I want them to talk. I want them to tell me what's going on, what's happening. Okay? If I don't listen, if I don't ask questions, I can't do that. Does that make sense? So things I want you to focus on today. Listen to the person on the other end of the phone. Use those questions, those words. There is nothing more powerful than why, what else, how do you mean, what do you mean? Those questions, if you can consistently ask those throughout your, the sales process, you guys will learn how to make money. Okay? Alrighty. That, that's all we're going to cover today. Introduction is the most important thing you guys can do. It doesn't matter how well your blast or your probe is, if you can't get there, does it? Okay? How do we get through an introduction? We get them talking about themselves. We get them talking about their business and we ask them questions. Okay? And then simply all we do is we say, why haven't you done it yet? What's stopping you from doing it? Now if somebody says, I don't have the time, what's our answer? Is that still knowledge? Somebody says, I don't have the time to do this. Okay? Is the problem still the knowledge? Yeah. Yeah. Gosh Ryan, if you knew you could do this in five to ten hours a week, could you find the time to do that? Yeah, I just don't know how to do it in that little, that little amount of time. Okay? What, what about money? Yeah, I really want to build my online business. I just don't have the money right now. Yeah. If, if you knew how, if you knew how to use somebody else's money, is there anything that holds you back from getting started today? If you knew these things, okay, the only thing that holds anybody back from doing it, there's two things. It's knowledge and, and actual application. Getting out there and doing it. Somebody's got the know-how and they're willing to go out and do it, but there's not anything that we can't do, okay? We're providing them with that knowledge, with that know-how. Obviously they've got, they've got to put in the application, they've got to put in the time and the effort. If they do that, they can make money. Any questions about the introduction? Okay? Perfect your introduction guys. Work on it, work on it, work on it and make it better and better and better. Um, introduction is key to, to the entire, entire sales process, okay?