We're excited for today. Apologies for some of you guys have heard this story. But anyways, it relates directly to what we're doing today. So I am on the way of exiting the Army right now and I'm an officer but first I decided I'd go get enlisted. I'm that weirdo that wants to like the pain experience. Give me the Hollywood Crazies like throwing it in the mud with the rain. You know what I mean? Like I wanted that. And so I went and I wanted to go do that and I was different though already off the bat than everybody else who is there. I was married. I had a kid. Everyone else was like 17. Had a note from their parents legally letting them in. Like super different demographic right? Very different places in life. And so a lot of them wanted to wear the badge that they beat up the old guy even though it's faster than all of them. Okay? Well, weaklings heart. But so they constantly were trying to like, as soon as the drill sergeants walk out, like it was like, Larson, you know, they would come come over and try and try and beat up a little bit on me. You know, and I always looked forward to it. Like bring it, you know, and it was fun. And towards the end of the training though, they look at everything that you have ever done in your life when you're getting in. So towards the end of it, they had these these these FBI CIA and NSA agents come over to us and say, Hey, we're looking for everyone in your group that has somewhat of a clean record that we could practice doing polygraphs on. And I was like, Well, that's kind of cool. So just so you know, though, it's a real polygraph. I was like, Cool. So like meaning if we find anything, we'll interrogate you. And I was like, Cool. All right, you know, like on the weirdo, you know, and like, you're not supposed to want that, Larson. I was like, Come on, I want the swinging light. I want you to hit it. Where were you last night? In the barracks, sir. In the barracks, you know, like, and but I anyway, so they took us over to this place and is a little group of us. And we're sitting there. And I mean, some of it looks like it was right out of a horror movie. Sitting in this chair, they're like, Shut up, don't say anything, lay there. And we're laying down. And this I'm expecting Jason born to walk through the door, you know, and, you know, double or seven or something. And these these people are walking in the room. And there's like one way glass and the different places and and I sit in there. And I've got stuff attached to my fingers and and stuff attached, you know, around my around my waist to my heart. I think I can't. Here's a while ago. So I can't remember something on my head. But I am. I just remember quiet. It was it was so quiet. I could hear my own heartbeat, you know, and and I'm sitting like, Holy crap, this is so cool. I hope they find something. Let's let the interrogate me. I want that. And anyway, I did get a lot of weird a lot of anyway, flack for that. But so soon I sit there and they said, Look, this is a real polygraph. And and these these agents need practice finding an actual lie. So we need you to tell the truth the entire way. Somewhere there throughout there, you need to lie. You need to lie because they need to practice doing a little blips and all that stuff. And way back in the day is a lot easier to be polygraphs, you know, because you could, like anatomically, you know, you can control your heart rate and all this stuff. But now they're a lot harder to beat. You know, they're really intense. And and they look and all, you know, up and down on you. It's it's a it was really hard. So we sit there and I was like, Cool, okay, I get to lie. This is cool. The Mormon kids gonna lie. Hey, you know, and so they start going, Oh, are you Steve Lawson? Yes. Repeat the answer. Yes. Are you a male? Yes. You know, are you from Colorado? Yes. And there's all these control questions and they start diving into really deep stuff. Are you a terrorist? No, you know, are you? Anyway, so they start going through all these different questions with me. And I'm trying to relax in this chair. And and these, it finally gets to this point. It's like, Okay, I'm just next one. I'm gonna lie. I'm gonna do it. And I kind of hope that I get caught. Come on, man, give me the interrogation. And I kind of brace for it. Here comes and I lied. And the aid kind of leaned in squinted a little bit. I wasn't supposed to like look at her and like interact at all. And super tough girl, holy cow. And and she leans back out and she's asked the question again. And she leans in and I was like, And I lied again, said no. And it was interesting because there was this long pause and then she backed up and she's like, Okay, and then she went on to the next question. I was like, Holy crap, I beat a polygraph, a real polygraph. And I walked back out and some of the guys, in fact, almost all of us, one of the dude who actually could do it is like a group of 50 of us, something like that. And and I said, Did you guys beat it? Like, No, there's no way. There's no way to beat a polygraph machine. And and I went back and I started to think of you like, Why did that work? How come that worked so well? I was sitting there and they had all sensors plugged up to me. And the first time going through, I just thought if I relaxed my body, you know, then that what they taught us is that when you lie, your body responds to it as if a disease just hit you. There's this this physiological response. It actually harms your body to lie. And that's why it works. And something that goes on with your blood and your blood pressure and such. I was like, That's interesting. I was like, Okay, well, I'm going to trick this thing. You know, this is this is me. Yeah, you know, sorry, lay there. And I and I and the first I thought that's how it worked, where I could just relax my body. But I realized that's not what happened. The second thing I did something different. I had to convince myself as sure as I'm alive that the lie was true. That was the real key. I had to believe the lie. Belief is huge. Belief is everything. Belief changes the way people look at the world. And that's exactly what we're going to learn how to do today. What you're learning today, especially yesterday and today, we're going to start crafting a sales message that literally changes the way someone looks at the world. That's a lot of responsibility. And so what we're going to go through first is the three secrets. We're going to go through how to actually continue to craft and rebuild and reshape someone's belief patterns and the way they see everything and the blueprint of how they look at the world. And then you'll come in with a product afterward and sell it to them to help them actually apply what you've changed inside their brains. It's a lot of fun. It's so fun. But anyway, this is this is today's gonna be great day. So guys, if we could, let's all rise to our feet and welcome the stage Mr. Russell Brunson. Alright, everyone, welcome back. So my wife went out of town this morning at like six in the morning. And so I was in charge of getting kids ready and fed and out the door and then the next one's out the door and fed and all that stuff. And I had no idea how much work our wives actually do. So I'm super grateful for them. My wife this morning. So I was a few minutes late because it's a lot of work. Alright, so I have a couple things I wanted to cover this morning. And then Stephen's gonna have fun with you guys for most of the day and I'm gonna be back tonight about nine o'clock. I'm gonna be going over the sack and the clothes and all that kind of stuff. So make sure you paste yourself today. Make sure you know that you're gonna be up till midnight. So anyway, there's things you can do to help with that sometimes. Alright, you found it? Cool. Alright, so what I'm gonna be talking about this morning's session kind of comes back to this part right now. So the reason why we kind of, yesterday was really a big overview of like a lot of the pieces that now we need to have to start building out our presentation, right? And those of you guys who were intense went through all the Secret Masterclass. Like you, a lot of that should have been reviewed for you guys. Some of it might have been new, but a lot of it should be reviewed, which is good. And so what I want to do right now is I'm gonna show you guys like before I create any presentation, there's basically three slides I create. Okay, and this is the core foundation of everything. And since I get these three core slides built out, then I can go really, really fast. I'm gonna show you like, I'm gonna show you a bunch of different webinars. I was this morning trying to grab as many as I could find, so I'm thinking about five or six. But this is the funnel scripts webinar. So this is the headline we talked about yesterday first. And for me, I have to write this first before I can get anything. So this is my how-to without. This webinar right now, the first time we did it, about $500,000 is the first launch day that we ever greened it. And it does between three and four million dollars a year on evergreen just all the time. It's awesome. So it works. This whole process works, okay? So this is the how-to without, how to get all of your cells that are scripts, webinar slides written in under 10 minutes without hiring an expensive copyright. What do they desire most? They want all that crap written for them. What do they fear the most, like hiring an expensive copywriter or they're fearing like that. They might have to do it. So I also put in, this works even if you hate writing and never know, and never want to know anything about copywriting. Okay? It speaks to their desires and gives them an out from all the fears. Okay? So that's for any questions about that? Okay, you can see the pattern going over and over and over again. Okay? So then the second thing I do, okay, then I figure out my three secrets that somebody talked about this morning. So my next three secrets are coming back to this, right? So when I start my webinar, I'm going to be telling my origin story and then I'm going to break and again for some people that's enough to get them to believe the domino will fall over and they're ready to buy. But for most people after they hear your origin story now they're intrigued and they're like, okay, I'm going to pay attention. And usually there's three things that are keeping the big domino from falling down. The first one are their internal false beliefs about the vehicle. Number two is, excuse me, the false beliefs about the vehicle. Number two is their false beliefs about themselves being able to execute on the vehicle. And number three is their false beliefs about some external source that they think is going to keep them from actually having success. Okay? So in a minute I'm going to go through, I'm going to show you guys how we identify what those false beliefs are, how we figure out what the story is going to be and all those kind of things. But I just want to show you an example because after I figure out what the false belief is, then I have to make it sexy, right? I have to make it exciting. I have to give it like this curiosity where you're like, what is he talking about? If it's not, if there's not intrigue and curiosity in the things that you're doing, sometimes you get people to register but they won't show up. We had inner circle members who were here last, last inner circle meeting. They had a webinar that was costing them, I think like $16 or $17 per registrant to get people to registering for the webinar. And all the numbers didn't work and they're like, ah, this isn't working, Russell, this isn't a marketing, this is a scam, right? They didn't really say that. I love these guys. He voxed me last night. The only thing I told me in a circle, I don't know if any of you guys were in, you might have been in that room for them. I can't remember. Anyway, their headline was like so, like, you read the headline and you're like, oh, this is what it, like it was so like, if you read the headline, you know what it is, like, oh, they're going to teach me this. And I was like, to get people to register, like curiosity is the thing, like more curiosity. So we just made the headline super curiosity based and he voxed me last night, said that they're from like $16 per registration down to about two, which is awesome. Didn't change anything else about anything, just changed the hook and how curiosity was, okay? So all these things I'm doing are there to like increase curiosity, make this thing sexy, right? So like the curiosity, or like how am I going to get all my sales letter scripts and webinar slides done in 10 minutes without hiring you? Like how do you do that? Like doesn't make sense, right? Like is there a robot? Is there like, anyway, there's kind of like this curiosity, like I got to figure that out. Sometimes if you have, if you, if you don't have curiosity, people register, but they rarely show up. So if you show up rates are low, it's because you're not using enough curiosity as well. Okay? So there we are. So then my three secrets, again, taking their false belief, I'm turning it into something super curiosity based, but like I have to be on this thing to figure it out. Okay? So for example, this one is, secret number one, the reason why your funnel isn't converting is your copy. That one actually sucks. Looking back at it now. Number two, you don't have to hire a world-class copyright or number three, you don't have to become a world-class copywriter. Okay? These are probably the weakest ones I have. I'm not going to lie, but it worked. Okay. And then the third slide is my offer slide. Okay? So the third piece of the offer slides. What am I actually selling? So then I go through and I build that. Those are three slides. I spend the majority of my time on those three slides. They're the three most important, the hook, the three secrets and the offer and everything else is details. If I, for me personally, if I have those three slides, I can do an entire presentation live on stage without any other homework, scripts, notes or anything. That's all, like that's all I really have to have. Okay? And then your ability to know what stories are plugging in here and that's kind of it. Okay? So those are the most important ones. And for this offer, I know you just talked about offer yesterday. So this is like, you get the software, click, or the funnel script software, you get the webinar software, you get the video sales letter software, you get the templates, you get the blueprints and it is made. This software really sexy and exciting and that's the offer. Okay? So that's number one. Next one I'll show you here. Software secrets. Okay? Same thing. Very similar headline. I didn't say without but it's almost the same structure. How to create launch your own software app in the, software or app in the next 90 days. Even if you have no idea what to create, how to code or where to start. That was not the headline we started with. We had started with a couple different variations but from the click testing stuff, that's when they actually won. So I did the webinar like that became the home screen, the webinar and moving forward as we ever grant. That will be the kind of messaging that we use. Okay? So I had the title, the hook to get somebody in. Then I came back here at three secrets. Secret number one, how to turn $20 and simple idea into a software company is now worth millions. Now you can use the same process to launch or grow any company. Okay? There's intrigue like rustling, you spent 20 bucks to build click funnels. How did that work? I want to know, right? So there's curiosity there. So I took a false belief of like, I don't know if I can do the software thing. I don't know if this is the right vehicle for me and I'm taking that false belief and I'm trying to make it really sexy and exciting. Okay? In fact, maybe I should do that with these. Yeah, so I'll do that. So the false belief someone has about software, right? You see this like software secrets to teach me about my own software program. You know, right now people are in some other vehicle, right? They're trying to get their financial fame, maybe selling ebooks or membership sites or physical products or supplements or whatever it is. I'm saying, no, get out of that. Like that sucks. Software is the greatest thing in the world. I'm trying to convince them to get in this vehicle, right? So as I'm doing this, I'm like, what is their false belief about that? Like why would they not get in the software? They're probably like, oh, it's too expensive. I don't have to have programmers. Like there's all this, like that's their false belief. That's gonna be hard, right? So I have to be okay. The false belief is that they're gonna have to, it's gonna be really expensive to hire programmers to build their idea. So then I'm turning this into a sexy thing where I'm like, look, I'm gonna show you how I turned $20 and simple idea to a software company's worth millions. And I'm like, wait, he didn't spend a million dollars to create this thing. He spent 20. Like, is that true? If that's true, like maybe I could do this, right? Now this is intrigued to get some, like, maybe I can put my false belief on the table. Let's see what he's talking about. Okay. And then my job is tell a really compelling story that proves that that is true. Okay. So that part of the domino knocks down. Okay, number two, then they're like, okay, this is cool. I believe I can get software, but I'm not technical. I don't know how to do it. So the next false belief is like, I'm not tech person. Like how am I supposed to launch a software company by my tech person, right? And so my next one here is a secret number two. If you can do it on a whiteboard and you have all the tech skills you need to own software company, how many of you guys can do it on a whiteboard here? Have you ever doodled? All right. You guys know what a software company is? That's the only skills that I actually have. Okay. And let me show you. And I show how I actually doodle my software. And I doodle it, give it to the nerds, and then they build some cool software, right? So that's like the story, the story I'm teaching here that knocks down that false belief. Okay. And then the third one, the external is like, is this actually the right business for me? Like, I could be doing all these ebooks and things and I wanted to convince them that their residual income comes off software is better than anything else. So the false belief is like, is residual income actually awesome? I'm like, yes it is. And I had to think like, what's something sexy and exciting? It took me a while to figure this one out. But then it came down to secret, I'm saying was wrong. The eighth one in the world is actually this. Is what? Oh, it's fun. You guys watch what I call mindset and moron. It's so funny. Anyway, made me happy. So there you go. And then it was basically showing them how residual income versus compounding interest how in a 20 year period of time, the same amount of investment, residual income ends up being like $34 million, whereas compounding interest ends like two. So it's like, we 16 X our money by new residual income as opposed to compounding interest. Take that Einstein. Alright, and then I have the offer stack. So like, what are we actually selling? Okay, let's give them software funnels for free. We're getting the software secrets masterclass. We're the live coaching, the software incubator access to our program designers and our three secret staffs funnels. Now I'm creating my offers. I'm sure Stephen talked about this yesterday, but I'm trying to think like, what are the reasons why someone's not going to give me money? Okay, I don't want to get rid of all those reasons in the offer. So first thing I'm like, they don't know how to use like, I don't know how to program stuff. So I'm like, okay, you're gonna get the software. It's gonna show you like software we demoed on the thing. I'm gonna give you that. So now you got the doodle software, the whiteboard, like everything needs to be like, Hey, cool, I could I can map out the software now, but I don't really know what to do. I have no ideas. I don't know. Like, that's the next fear, right? So I'm okay, well, we'll give you this training program, the masterclass is going to teach you how to find the ideas and where to do the things. And those sounds like, okay, now I know how to do it, have the tools to do it. And they're like, but I still like, I'm confused. Like, I'll watch Garrett and Scott are actually building an entire software program and they'll let everyone watch them build us like then watch email this into the programmers and designers. They get like, watch somebody do it. So you can just like model what they did. And then the next is a software incubator. So it's like a group of people you can get together and share ideas and and brainstorm and that way you get whole community people can tell you if it's good or if it's bad. You don't have an idea for software spend, you know, next three months building, it turns out sucks. Like coming to our incubator, everyone's gonna give you ideas and tell you if your idea is good or not. And then you can run with that. And what other things are they gonna struggle with? Like, okay, well, they don't have programmers. Okay, well, let's give them access to the actual programmers, designers that we use. So we can access the programmers, designers, and they have that. So now they've got, if I go back to this, they've got the software to build the funnel or to build the software. They've got the training. They've got coaching. They've got a community. They've got programmers and designers. Like, what else do they need? It's like, the last thing they need is after the software is done, like how do I actually sell it? So the last thing comes in here, I'm gonna actually show them how to sell it. And for me, I like, what other concerns can I possibly have? Like, that covers everything. There shouldn't be nothing like, well, that sounds awesome, but I still don't know how to blah. Okay, so I'm creating this offer. I'm trying to make it all inclusive. So like, when they're, when they see it, they're like, like that literally solves every one of my problems. I have to get it. Okay, so that's the third thing we do. Okay, so hook slide, three-seeker slides, offer slide. Yeah. Like the incubator, like we talked yesterday about how the tax slide addresses, like concerns about the vehicle objections, about internal, external. Like, we have a community, but we also have community managers. So like, your vehicle will be more addressed by, oh, I'm gonna have coaches to help you. And then like, you said that incubator, would that be more like internal fears? Like don't run this lot with you. Is that, is that, is that good spots? Like you said, that software incubator are you addressing internal problems? Yep. Definitely have the internal because they're a fear of like, I don't know if my Disney good or not. Yeah. And I call it software incubator because initially, when Garrett Scott came, like, yeah, we have a Facebook group, I'm like, that's so boring. How to make this sexy. Like, what if the Facebook group is called an incubator and everyone gets to put their software ideas and everyone gives a feedback and now it's like, we made that sexy. Like crank it up. I did a whole podcast with time called like crank up the sexy. And like half this like selling is just like taking this thing that's like, it is what it is and like just making it sound cooler. It's still the same thing, but it's such a, so important. So I, the last two slides I done, I literally built these in click funnels. So I just type this in click funnels because it's faster for me than like, and I took a screenshot of it and then I just dragged the screenshot onto the slides. I built the whole thing. The last two, this takes me forever, like to get the fonts to look actually good in PowerPoint drives me crazy. So I just literally built every single slide in click funnels. So click funnels now PowerPoint design crater thing, or do okay. Next, I take the secret. This is an old one. We did back in the day. It's probably doesn't fall on my rules perfectly, but it's close. So how to instantly, so how to without how to instantly add high ticket sales to your funnel without personally talking to anyone ever. My design skills gotten way better. This is ugly, but it's still made a crap ton of money. So that's good. Okay. So how to without there's the hook, right? Where they desire most. I want high, I want, I want some expensive stuff that sounds awesome, right? But I want to get on the phone and scares me like, uh, how do I do without getting on the phone ever? Yay. Okay. So there's a hook, get some in three secrets. So you're more like make more and one day selling high ticket products and I can't entire months selling normal products. Okay. So in the thing, I'm like the vehicle they're in, like, what are you selling right now? You're selling ebooks. How many books you got to sell to match one, like $25,000 sell a lot of ebooks, right? This vehicle is way better. That one sucks. And I made fun of every other vehicle I could think of. Like if you're selling supplements, this is way better. If you're selling on Amazon, this is way better. If you're like, I'm taking all the vehicles they're in and like making them all look stupid. Like this is the best one. Like you're right. Come on over. And then they come into my vehicle, right? Okay. And then they're like freaking out by like, but I'm scared of the phones. Like I have these false beliefs. Like I don't want to pick up the phone. If I pick up the phone, I'm going to screw it up. And I don't like, I just want to be an internet nerd. I don't not want to talk on the phone. It's like, cool. I'm the same way. I'm an internet nerd too. Do not worry. That false belief that you get to pick up the phone is not true. Let me tell you my story. Okay. And I talked about how we do insane amounts of money. I've never once picked up the phone. I'm personally scared talking on the phones. Literally. Like my wife drives her crazy. Like I don't answer the phone for anyone except for her. And then like when I have to call people, nothing causes me more fear than that. When you were talking about the vehicle and the vehicle that I am, would you actually call out your competitors? All the time. You're talking like a direct competitor of cliff models. You call an athlete pages and depends in specifically. It depends on your. So there's different levels. There's like, there's like the concept. There's the company and then there's the person. So I never call the person. Like I that's the hard line for me. I would never say like, Clay Collins is screwing you over, even though maybe whatever. Right. The company. So like if you read like differentiate or die or any like the positioning books. It's really interesting. Like if you look at when you should and when you shouldn't like, um, num, depends where you are in your market. Like number two can and probably should attack number one, but number one can't acknowledge number two. But I'll say like destroys them. So I remember Mac versus PC, right? When PC was on top of Mac versus PC commercials, boom, boom, soon as Mac past PC, those commercials disappeared. You notice they do no longer acknowledge them. Pepsi versus Coke. All the things like number one should never acknowledge number two, but number two should attack number one. Um, so I'm a big believer in that. So I'm going to talk about the pages anymore. We threw X there, their revenue customer base. We're about to pass infusion soft and then we'll talk about them anymore and then we'll be going off to Shopify and then we'll keep chasing. Um, so that's pretty personally or just the concept like selling ebooks or selling on Amazon or whatever. Like, so that's kind of three tiers. But I would, I'd never attack a person personally cause it just isn't good. And that's the only way I've talked to companies if it's, if that's the goal. Okay. All right. So I talk about this, your fear, the internal fear they have or false belief is that I've talked on the phone, I take this stuff, I tell my story, which destroys that. Also, they're like, Oh nevermind. That's not true. My internal, my false belief is wrong. Russell's right. But what's the next thing? I don't know. I don't have traffic on my website. Okay, cool. The cool thing is works. You only need a little traffic to make this work about a hundred clicks a day. And I tell a story that shows them this is true. Now it's like, Oh my gosh. Um, I now believe Russell proved to me through his stories that, that this is the right vehicle for me. I can actually do it. And I only need a little traffic. And this is really easy. Now if the offer works, if the offer is sexy and covers all the rest of their concerns, they have to buy it. There's no way they can't, right? So we're going to get and then boom, boom, boom, the offer. This one's like older school and it's not the best, but that's what the offer was. What was the process on the bonuses because you've addressed those major concerns. Is that just like, well, we've got this one more objection that keeps creeping up. Doesn't really fit. Is that what you do with a bonus? Like just to throw that one more thing in there or? Yeah, bonus. Basically just massive value, you know, both. It's, yeah, it's, it's, it's, I'm looking at any other false beliefs. I got to cover with this. I'm going to fears of why they would step out. What's something I can limit so that I can like get them to take action faster, you know, like things like that. Yeah. Okay. Next one here. This is how 93 entrepreneurs just like you each created their own seven figure funnel past 12 months. Now you're just one fun away from your own seven figure story. Russell, they didn't say how to without. You're right. It doesn't, it doesn't always have to do that. Right. That was one template. It's one, one idea. So I'm always testing different things like what, like what's going to be the hook that gets people in. Okay. That's what I'm always looking for. So for me, it's like we have 93 people at time. I did this one that had gotten to comic book award. So I was like, that's pretty exciting. Like 93 people just like them had done it. Let's tell that story and see how people respond. And this one does awesome for us. Right. So I'm always just looking for the hook that's going to get him in. It's not always how to without. Usually again, I'll start how to without, but I mean, test a bunch of different headlines and then when it hits, then we're out of it. Okay. So this is, that's the hook to get somebody in. And then my three six funnel hacking. Number one, how if we still over a million dollars with funnel action, we competitors for under a hundred dollars, the false belief is that building funnels is really, really hard. Okay. Or the fault, the fault beliefs that like, do I need a funnel for my business? That's kind of the false belief. Right. So I'm telling them a story showing them like, yes, every business needs funnels. Let me show you this works here and how we do the process. And I tell the whole story by the time this is done, you're like, holy crap, like I do need a funnel. Like that's, that is the right vehicle. Okay. But then they're like, Oh, but I'm not taking it. Can't do it. A lot of minor, you know, vehicle techie traffic. Like for my business, that's, it's very, very similar. It's obviously different for everyone's companies, but for my people, like this, that's very similar every time. So number two, then is I can't do it. I'm not technical. Can show you demo how simple as these quick funnels like Russell's an idiot. He can move things around. We can all do it. Yay. Boom. Now they believe that. And the third fears, I don't know how to get trafficked. Even if I had a funnel, it's not going to work. I've never gotten traffic before. I show them how simple as you get traffic. And all of a sudden it's like, boom, boom, boom, domino falls over. They have to give you money if the offer is good. And then there's my offer. Okay. So I literally, like, this is the brain work goes into this part, right? And then it's just coming back and just telling the stories, which is really the fun and the easy part after you've practiced it a bunch of times. Okay. But there's the offer for this one. And then this is the one we did the other day. How much of the success, in your opinion, is this versus your delivery? Because your delivery is amazing. Most people cannot replicate you, I think. So how much of you versus this actually? I can show you at least 200 people that have followed this process that aren't me that have crushed it. Then multiple six and seven figures do it. High energy, high delivery. Not all of them. Some are boring. In fact, Joel Erwe, he has no Joel. So Joel came to Shirkle, learned our process, now he does this process for people. He literally, I was telling Brandon this yesterday, like when you hire him and you try to webinar, he hand types the whole thing and he makes you read it word for word. Like you're not allowed to go off script. You're like, hey, everyone, this is Russell Brunson. Welcome to the webinar today. Now today I'm going to be talking about, and he literally has all his clients hand read word for word every single slide, does not let them deviate. And it works. Okay. Like you add some spice into it. It's going to be better. But the psychology behind it is like, what's their false belief? I need to tell story that Trump's their false belief. I can do that. Then they have to believe because it's like, wow. So if you do that, it doesn't have to be exciting. Exciting one can teach engagement, keep people more excited. Like it'll increase things, but it's definitely not the most important part. So I'm teaching the what, not the how. So here's what you do. How do you do it? Get the course. I'll show you how to do it. That's the big difference here. So I'm teaching, teaching the what, not the how. Which difference is better? I'm all about conversion. I don't care. I have no ego in my business at all. So if their story out converts mine, I'll switch it in heartbeat or I'll weave it in and have both of them. If you look at people, there's different levels. Like it's funny because the first thing everyone wants, like, oh, my own success stories I can share. And you share a success story. Everyone's like, Oh, well, you can do it because you're Superman. I'm like, are you serious? Like, I'm like a little kid, but they like have this thing, right? This belief. So then it's like, then you have to give other people to show their success stories. And it's like, Oh my gosh, like, you're from self, but he can actually teach as well. So that's why we try to weave in a lot of them. And for sure. Yeah. Okay, there's the offer there. There's another one. Now, this one, you know, has the same offer as the last one. I just did different secret, different hooks to bring different set of people in. Okay. So this one, the hook was after 2 million funnels and 70,000 split tests. Here's what we learned. And then here's the headline. Three simple tweaks are taught members used. Ainsley boost traffic at 540% without driving any extra traffic. So it's the how to without we shouldn't say how to. We just said three simple tweaks are members used. So same, same formula. Just a little couple of tweaks on the words that was winning headline we got. And then the second thing I did was I built the three secrets. In fact, this one, I just wrote them on a whiteboard because I was in the Facebook line to promote it and I just wrote them out. So my three secrets here were how instantly outspend your competitors, ethically, and still all potential customers in your market. So I'm trying to get them to believe that like the way to destroy everybody and get all the customers and everyone in your market is through funnels. Okay. So how to make that sexy. I'm going to show you how to outspend your competitors and ethnic, so all potential customers in your market. That's when we had the t-shirts that say I will drink the tears of my enemies. They would have what I want today. It was like two in the morning. I was working on these slides and Todd, the, my co-founder of ClickFunnels was scrolling through Instagram and Tim Ferriss posted a picture of a flask that said I drink the tears of my enemies. I thought it was the funniest thing in the world. I tune them. And the next day it wasn't as funny, but two in the morning it was like the most funny thing. So we had built it all into the slides and I had Jake designing a t-shirt two in the morning that we put in there and it was just, it was funny for me. So yeah. Yes, there you go. Every time I do that, I'm like in the morning is this still going to be funny? I hope so. It's awesome right now. Okay, number two. So then they're like, okay, so funnels are the thing, but there's so many types of funnels and like digital market talks about these 80 funnels. You talk about these 80 funnels, they're like, I just don't know what to do. I'm so confused. I can't figure this out. There's too many funnels, too many ideas, too many options. I'm in trouble. Okay, so I'm going to tell a story. Like this is actually simple. There's only three funnels you should be focusing on, one of these three. So secret number two is after processing $477 million in revenue, we're shocked that 98.3% of all the sales came from three funnel types. Okay, I show them these three funnels, boom, boom, boom, pick one of them. That's the only one you got to do. I tell them the story, show them the thing and they're like, cool, I'm going to be doing a webinar funnel. I'm going to do a trip where they pick the one they want, right? And number three, getting from either world comes back to traffic. Like, this is cool, but I still have a thing. It's like, okay, the secret almost back over traffic source that fills all of the top 100 funnels, tell the story, show the proof and they're like, wow, I can actually do that in the Domino Falls. If my offer is good, here's the offer. And same offer had kind of on the last slide as well. Actually, this one's getting better. We had in funnel scripts and a bunch of other stuff too. Okay, so that's the goal, you guys, when you're creating the webinar, like, that's how this whole process starts, right? And so that's why when we're doing this, I have the right pages here, I want you guys to think through these things, right? So all this stuff's here like the structure, like, what's the movement I'm trying to create, right? But then you start switching over here, and you start doing the stories, it's filling in the details between all of these different things. Okay, so what we're going to do right now, if I can find it, is this the same page? I have the same page, that's why. I'm like, where did my other thing go? All right, so what are you doing now? Is this part, this process right here? Okay, because this is going to help you figure out what are the false beliefs in these three areas? And figure out the false beliefs, like, what's the story I can tell and how do I make that sexy? Like, what's the secret name that I'm going to use? Okay, I try to get it so the offers, the stack adds it to be about 10 times what the actual product's going to be. And I just, that's my goal and I just kind of spit ball like, ah, this is worth about $3,000. Yeah, yeah, I tried to do 10x. It's not always perfect, but usually it's around there. Oh, cool. Okay, one thing I want to show you that, so what people like me do is I am looking at every person's thing on planet Earth, like, trying to see, like, what, like, I'm subscribed to every person's auto responder, their email, their look at ads, like, I'm the kind of guy who, like, when the music's on the radio, I'm, like, waiting for the ads to show up and the ads start, I'm like, okay, cool. And my wife wants to change you. I'm like, no, this is, like, why we listen to the radio? I'm listening to the ads, like, ah, this is so cool, right? So I'm kind of weird that way. But for me, I'm always watching this stuff because, like, most of my ideas for headlines and stuff like that come from looking at other people, I'm like, oh, that's a cool idea. I can tweak this. I can change this. So Anthony, Declamini, Biohacking Secrets, if I can find this real quick, he's been trying to write a, he's been trying to do a webinar for, since last February, and for some reason he can't figure out how to do it or why to do it or whatever, which is kind of funny. So he hasn't, he's been stuck not doing it. And so after this one came out, he saw this, he saw my headline here in my three secrets, and then he messaged me that night, like, hey, man, I think I figured out my headline in my three secrets. And so this is, like, I hate people that copy stuff, but I'm totally cool people modeling. Like, if this headline works for your model, your market model. So this is what Anthony did. Okay, so his headline is Biohacking Secrets, Three Simple Hacks Our Members Use to Increase Energy by 109% and Incidently Boosts Brain Power Without Caffeine, Vitamins, or Prescription Drugs. Okay, so there he kind of replaced this one right here. So my, my three simple tweaks, his, my three simple hacks are taught members using increased energy by 709% and Incidently Boosts Brain Power Without Caffeine, Vitamins, or Prescription Drugs. Then his secrets, secret number one, how to immediately identify what's stealing your energy so you can finally fire your doctor or Google. So my was how to install, to spin your competitors, so he just modeled that. So how to, how to immediately identify what's stealing your energy so you can fire your doctor, you can finally fire your doctor or Google. Number two, I had after processing blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, we found out these three simple funnels. He had, after 18 years of scientific study, showed that invisible toxins found in over 98.3% of American homes kill concentrations, worse than chain smoking. I had number three, the secret almost backward traffic source that fuels all top 100 funerals. He had the secret almost backward energy source that fuels almost all world-class performers. Okay, so he's taking these templates that he's seeing me and he's taking, okay, Russell said the secret almost backwards traffic source that fuels all the top 100, so I'm gonna, for my headline, I'm gonna have the secret almost backwards energy source that fuels all world-class performers. Okay, so you're taking these templates of headlines and just tweaking around to fit for your stuff. Have you guys used funnel scripts in here? If you use funnel scripts, all Jim Edwards did is he went through like 180 years with the copyright and took every single headline that's been proven to work from the beginning of time till now, put him in a software program that replaces like the core things. So you type in like, what are you selling? Traffic, what is, you know, you plug in a couple things and it pops out like 180 headlines with like plugging in your things into that. Like, if you're getting stuck on headlines like logging to funnel scripts, type it in, it'll give you so many headline ideas like billions of them or be like me and just like every single person's headline like memorizing. Like, I just, I'm always looking at headlines and I have really good memories, I just memorize everything. So when I'm trying to do these things, I'm like, oh, remember that guy three years ago, I had a headline on this thing and I go find it, I'm like, boom, that's the one and then that's how I'm doing my stuff, okay? Or just look at mine, look at other people's and model kind of what they do. Don't copy anybody's stuff but model. If you look at Brandon Kalen's webinar she did two days ago in the health market where they did $145,000 during their presentation. Their headline was almost this, it was like after, it was after 106,000 lady bosses and 22,000 pounds lost, here's what we learned and then boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, you know. So you're taking these formats that are proving to work and you're just tweaking them to make it work for you. Does that make sense? Okay, so that's kind of the answer because I'm sure some of you guys are like, how do I figure out the headline? So funnel strips or just modeling other things and tweaking them around, okay? I don't think it's been an original headline written since like 1940s, okay? So don't feel guilty trying to be original, you don't need to be, none of us are, we just try to figure out what works and then we model it for what we're doing. What is it? I want to know. See, the more curiosity, like you can't answer that by googling it, right? That's the biggest thing, if you, if, if your headline or your three secrets can be answered by googling it, you did it wrong. There's no curiosity, like it's all about intrinsic curiosity is what makes us work. Okay, so this is the exercise I wanted you guys and this is really, really fun. This is called our story workshop. We're going to start building up your inventory of stories. The reason why I can stand on stage and talk for six days without thinking twice or without having notes and stuff because years and years and years ago, I had a mentor who told me to build this story, an inventory of stories that I could use. So I started writing out all my stories and I have like thousands of them that I've read, I've written out, I know they are. So when I'm talking and I get to this thing where I'm stuck all of a sudden magically, however this works, the universe, God, whatever says, this is the story you prepared a long time ago that actually makes this concept make more sense. I haven't been talking about stuff, I'm like, I haven't even thought about the story for six years, but it just became top of mind because like I needed it in the moment and it shows up, right? Why do you guys, will they count something, you get stuck and you're like, it's because you haven't prepared your stories, like you don't know what they are, you don't know where you're going with it, okay? So now is the time to start building out your inventory of stories, okay? Right now we're going to be very, very specific to this offer, but when you guys get home, you should be doing this all the time. Every time I see something amazing, I was like, oh, that's a cool story. And then all these, again, for me, I'll jump a podcast, I'll tell the story, I get the office to tell the story, I tell it five or six times as soon as I have it so that it's in my head and then I just, after I've done that, now it's there forever. It's kind of like wrestling, I would go to wrestling practice when I was growing up and they would teach a move and I would try the move, I would try to learn it really, really good, but it wasn't until like I did that move live in a match the very first time when I did it live in the match once and it worked, then like that move became my own, like I knew and I could use it anytime I wanted afterwards. It's kind of the same thing, like you keep practicing these stories, after you've done that, then like becomes your own and then when you need it, like it just shows up. Can I talk to Tony Robbins about this? Tony's like, yeah, when I walk on stage, I have this whole outline of stuff I want to do and I get on stage and all just disappears, it's like, and then it just all just shows up. I was like, it's the same thing for me, it's the weirdest thing when I, when I, when I prepared myself, I come there, like the stories just start coming. Okay. So if you guys like it's time to start writing, like creating your inventory of stories, okay. So this is how, how we do it. So the first thing I've got to figure out here, and this is some change here, is what are the chains of false belief? Okay. Someone asked this yesterday and I told them we talked about it today. So how do you know what your customer's false beliefs are? It's hard sometimes, right? Like, I don't know what they're believing or not believing. Okay. So you can do through ask campaigns and other things. But initially what I like to do is because none of you has woke up one day and all of a sudden like this was your belief pattern, right? Like what were your false beliefs? Like what did you have to go through to get to the point where you're like, man, this is the thing, right? Because none of it, I mean, maybe some of you guys are really easy to sell like me. I don't know. But for most of us, like you had to go through your own stuff, right? And so I'm going to look at this from a couple of ways. The first thing is like what are the false beliefs I have around the vehicle? Okay. Number two, what are the false beliefs I have internally about myself being able to execute on the vehicle? And then number three, what are the external false beliefs I might have? Okay. Excuse me. Because all stories need to be tied back to a false belief that they're trying to create. Otherwise it's just telling a story to tell a story. Okay. I'm telling stories with the goal is to empower people and take away the false beliefs that keep us from progressing in life, right? And anything. So it's like my job is to figure out what some of the false belief is and tell a story that trumps that false belief that shatters it. And if I can do that, then it replaces it with a new, a better good belief. Okay. So that's the first step in this process. What's the false belief? Okay. And then the second thing I want to ask myself is what was the experience that happened that made me believe that? Why do I believe this thing? Because something happened. You just like wake up like when we're born, like my little daughter, my little two-year-old right now, she's the coolest thing in the world. And she just like is happy about everything. She doesn't have any false beliefs. It's usually her parents or society or TV or something like impose this belief on her, right? So I start thinking like for this false belief right here, what was the experience that I had or my potential customer had that caused that, that caused me to believe that about the vehicle. Okay. This is the vehicle. This is the internal. This is external. Okay. So what were those, what were those things? I'm going to do an example in a minute. Let me help make this more clear for you guys. Okay. So there you go. Okay. So there's, there's the experience. Something happened to me and that caused this false belief. So I need to know what that is because I have to, I've got to figure out a way to trump that, trump that in my story, right? The third thing then is after someone had this experience, like what is the story that they tell themselves about that thing? It's harder to draw when you're, all right. So what is the story? Now these are going to be similar. Someone's going to ask me like, isn't this the same? And like it's similar, but it's not the same. Okay. So I had this experience and then now I had this story in my head like you tell myself like, I believe this thing. I believe this thing because, because I had this experience. So what's the story that they're telling themselves now based on, based on the experience they had? And then the last thing is like, what is your story of why you don't believe this? True. What's your Pifty Bridge story that you came up with? That's the reason why you don't believe that anymore. Okay. Okay. So I'm going to do an example there. She has no one I'm talking about. So I'm going to pick on network marketers because they're the easiest to pick on in this situation. Okay. All right. So if I was selling something to network marketers, I would go to them. I'm like, Hey, network market is amazing. You've become rich. It's a big pyramid. You'll be the top. Every people, you know, all the money will come up. Right. And what happens the first time somebody hears that they're like, that's not true. I have a false belief that network marketing is not fun and it causes a lot of pain. In fact, your friends and your family members, everyone will hate you if you talk about this, them to them. That's my false belief is that everyone will hate me. Okay. If I use the vehicle, everyone will hate me. Okay. Why do they believe that everyone will hate them if they joined network marketing? What was, what was the experience that happened to them that caused that false belief? Typically it's one of two things in the situation. Number one is they got excited. It's through an MLM and they went and they got their roll-legs out. They call everyone, their friends and family and tried to pitch them on it within a day and a half. They offended everyone they know and no one returns their calls and they go to family meetings now. Everyone like just kind of like sits away from them. Right. That happened. Or they were on the receiving end and their brother signed it for one and kept hounding him and calling him until he had to change his number to give his brother a quick call on them. So one of those two experiences happened because that happened. That's why he believes I know because I hated the experience. It was horrible. So my belief is that if I do network marketing, it is going to destroy all my friends and my family and my relationships. Right. Because that's the experience. So the experience was either I annoyed everyone or so and so annoyed me. Right. Okay. And so the story they're telling themselves is like, if I was to join a network marketing program, I would lose my friends. That's the head. So if you know about how hard you come to them and you try to sell them and try to pitch them, they are never going to listen to what you have because they have this story in their head. Like if I join, I will lose my friends. That's the story. Okay. So if you try to pitch them in a network marketing, like that's what you're fighting against. Good luck with that. You're not going to do some closing techniques, some tricky, sneaky thing. Like it's not going to work. The only way for me to do that is I have to give them a better story. I have to give them my epiphany that proved to me that this was wrong. Okay. So why did that work for you? If you're into this thing, there's a reason why you don't believe that anymore. You probably had the same false belief at some point, but something happened to you. You had some kind of epiphany, some kind of moment that changed, that put the light bulb on for you. That's supposed to be light bulb. They made you come over here on this epiphany bridge. Right. So what is that reason? So for me to say, I would come in here and say, Hey, my guess is that some of you guys are on here and you're like, you know that if you're going to join a network marketing, you're probably going to lose your friends are found. How many of you feel that way? That's a true belief. Most people that work with fill that way as well. In fact, I felt the same way. Okay. Backstory. I felt the exact same way. In fact, all I really wanted to do is I want to make some money, external thing, but really like, I just wanted to help my family out. Like, you know, I wasn't making very much money. I was like, if I can make exciting, how cool would that be internal? So one of this journey, just like you guys and I tried to do network marketing, it was hard and like my friends made fun of me. New opportunity. I'm sitting in the wall. As you see, I'm going with the script. Okay. And then I had this dude I met and this dude had like a Lamborghini and a Ferrari. He's making a ton of money. It was like insanely cool. And I asked him, I'm like, you have a cool car, but all your family must hate you. Right? And he's like, my family, why would they hate me? He's like, they love to take rides in my car. I'm like, well, how many of them do you have to sign up to get in here? I'm like, I'm not my friends and family up there. They don't even know what I do. They all think I'm a drug dealer or something. I'm like, what? How'd you do that? He's like, the way that I did it, there's this thing called the internet. And there's actually people online who want to make money. And I just figured out who those people are. And I told them how they make money and they sign up and they love me because they're already looking for how to make money. The internet does everything. So only people actually talk to people call me asking to give me money. It's so much better than calling my friends and annoying them. And I was like, you seriously, they just call you. Yeah. They fill out a form and then I call them and then they give me money and they sign up and I got a Ferrari. And I was like, that is a cool single rule. I don't know how that works, but I want to do it. So I gave this guy money and he started taking me on this path and this process. And at first it was really confusing kind of how to do it, but he set up a little funnel for me and then we just set Facebook ads and they come to form and then they start calling me and I called it. And the first person I talked to, guess what? He asked me if, where to send me money. Like I didn't have to ask him. He just came, he was interested in the opportunity and he signed up from the internet. This dude lives in Delaware. I'm in Boise, Idaho. I never met him. I'm never going to talk to him again. He gave me money. He's my team. And then guess what? He signed up for other people, his friends and family. I didn't talk to my mom. He talked to his mom and she's in. And I made more money. I'm on the way to get a car. How cool is that? Okay. I'm on the way to get a car, but this is like an outside income. I can help my family. It's like the coolest thing in the world. My wife's actually going to be quitting her job soon because this little side income stream is paying for everything. How cool is that? Okay. So I told my Pifny Bridge story. What just happened to this story? His false belief. Like if I join, I'm going to lose all my friends and my family. He's like, holy crap. I could join and get the car and make money and keep my friends and family. Dude, Russell, you told my story. Yeah, you're in. Okay. You want to sign up? But my program are yours. Let's close each other. Just kidding. But that's the thing, right? Okay. So that's the thing. So for you guys, it's like, okay, what are the false beliefs they have about the vehicle? And there's going to be couples. So I want you to think through this. This is where you're building your inventory of stories. Okay. So I have the vehicle one about this one. What are the other stories? So there's another story that maybe they've tried before, but it was too expensive. They couldn't afford it. Okay. So that's a false belief. It's going to be too expensive. Maybe they have a false belief about maybe they were in Amway or something or they were in Vysauce. One of the ones that went under, right? And like, I'm going to build something that's going to crash and someone lose all my money. Maybe it's a false belief they have. And so that's all the false beliefs they could possibly have about the vehicle. Okay. As many as you can think of, like, the more of the merit, you can do 10, 20, 50, 100, like, the more you can figure out the better. What's that? The product. Yeah. Product is bad. It's just marking up the product. It's just pills and powder. Like, if you're in this business, you probably know what the false beliefs are. You hear from your customers all the time, right? So start stacking all these false beliefs they have to stack in the false beliefs that you know you had. And like, as many as you can think of, you put in here, all related to the vehicle. Okay. Then you do the same thing now with the internal. Okay. So now say, okay, if I get them to believe now that like this vehicle, like, we're shifting from whatever they're doing right now into my new opportunity is the key, then it's like, what are their internal fears? Okay. Internal fear number one, like, I have false belief I'm introverted, therefore I cannot do it, right? Okay. So if you're introverted, why do you feel like you're introverted? Well, it's one time I tell, I talk to somebody and I felt stupid and it was so embarrassing. I swear I've never talked to people again. Okay. I understand that. So what's the story you tell people? I'm introverted and if I talk to them, I'm like, okay, cool. Well, how about this? Inside of our company, like I was the same way, like I'm introverted. I don't really like talk to people or maybe I'm extroverted, but I'm not good at it. And so I found out like in the company, they have this really cool thing and they have these videos and all these other people that send people to videos and the people call me afterwards, if they're interested or not, they don't call me and I tell some story about whatever it is. And also like, oh my gosh, even as an introvert, I could do this. I thought because I'm introverted, I couldn't do it. This is awesome. Okay. Now they're like, they're in, right? Your story here, Trump their story here. If you trump their story, this story disappears and they get a new belief. You destroy the false belief now they're there. Okay. So again, introversion, I don't have them. It could be a money thing. It could be the time and on the time and on the energy and on the resources, like whatever all their false beliefs are here internally, which does as many as you can think of and say in the extrovert, like, if you can point, like, they believe this is the vehicle, they believe that they could actually do it. Like what are the other fears? By the time my wife, she's gonna be pissed. We did this whole thing before and she doesn't want to be parked. Okay. Spouse. Spouse is a false belief. What else would a false belief? Well, I believe I could do it if I get the leaves on how to get leaves. So I'm kind of screwed on how many leads. Okay. So leads are false beliefs. So you listen to all the false beliefs they could have. And so that's my first step that I want to do this because this is where I had a shatter. If I can destroy all these, they have to give me money. Okay. So if you guys want to list all the false beliefs as much as you can think of, if you don't know, I'm asking you, like, what would be your, like, this is where I sell. What would be your false beliefs? What would keep you back from it? Right? So you list those things out, they come back, like, what was the experience they probably went through that made them believe that? So then based on the experience, what's the story that goes through their head that tells them why they can't do it? And what story do you have that trumps that one? And this story doesn't always have to be you. It could be a, this is where a lot of like the success stories like Jim was the same way and he was in this company. He felt the same way, but let me tell you the story happened to him when he went through this process. And so Jim's story trumps that for them as well. Do you have a question? I find myself when I'm trying to come up with the vehicle limiting belief. Seeing it more as an internal limiting belief. There's always bleeds over in these things, especially, yeah, I mean, there's always bleeds over. Because when you're selling content, you're selling information, like, what's the limiting belief around the vehicle? This won't help me, like... It's the basic way to attack that, just prove, like testimonial, social proof. We did it, they did it, you know, like attacking. If they doubt your vehicle won't help them, is that the best way to attack them? Has that helped us? But it also helped him and her and him and her and him and her, so it'll help you too. Yep, it's telling the stories. It's telling the stories that they go back from here. So for you, for example, so... I did a survey on my list and asked them very specifically, the number one vehicle limiting belief, I don't believe I'll get enough consistent value to report because it's continuity. But how do you... How do you turn that into a sequence? So your two things are a couple things. Number one is you listen to the market and they're like, I don't think I can use continuity. It's like, cool, let's jack up the price and not sell its continuity. Maybe that's what... If that's going to keep them from buying... Because if it's 30 bucks a month for three months, I'm going to make 90 bucks an average before they drop off, or I can sell for 1,000, get 10x my money up front, maybe I don't sell membership. Listen, like, what does the market want and give them that? That'd be one thing. And then number two is just figuring out, like, okay, if it didn't believe there's enough content, then like, what's... Like, who... I'd be looking through my story index, okay, like, who's someone that had something similar to that? Who's a company or whatever? Maybe that's the whole point is, like, you don't want more content. The reason why you're overwhelmed is because you have so much content. You have information overload. Like, how many executives have like 8,000 things on their to-do list? You know what I mean? And that's coming back to like, to the breaking of it. Like, the whole point is that there's not tons of content. The whole point is that it's simple. It's a process. It's like, to get rid of all the overload and information, you know, something like that. He slammed his pen down. We got him. Yes. Any questions about that? Yeah. Yeah. How do you address the limiting belief that someone thinks they're not worthy? Right? They're not worthy of being successful. Yeah. It's a good question. So how do you deal with it when you were in that spot? We all go through it. Every one of us. There's no way you didn't... I don't know how I... Honestly, don't know. It was a long process, right? Yeah. I can't just say, like, this thing happened and then now realize I'm worthy, right? So I just feel like... Like, I deal with cancer patients. I feel like a lot of them... A lot of... There's a very specific cancer mentality and cancer attitude that people have gone through their life for a long time, being very insecure, hating themselves, feeling not worthy of love or of acceptance or whatever. And so that's running in the background of their mind. And so I'm just curious... I've been trying to find... I think you have already been in the New York Marathon. Yeah. I would look at... I mean, how many stories are there of the cancer... You know, the people who go through that that are strong. I have a friend. He has no Mark... No Mark Hoverson. He's in my world. And four years ago, he came down with cancer and like... It's crazy that he was supposed to die two weeks ago and he was like, well, I have an event and they're like, you can't go. You're going to die. He's like, ah, this... He's like, the moment that I don't do something because of cancer, I've already died. So I'm just going to go. Just want to say for three days, the week you're supposed to die and deliver the whole event, he's still alive. They gave him eight months four years ago and he's still... It's just crazy. So I would find stories like that or people that just show like... I don't know. There's got to be stories in your Rolodex or in your world. Things... Yeah. So it's coming back to that because the whole thing is like finding something that felt the same way. Because it's like that's... It's the... Like this story, the thing that's so powerful about the Epiphany Bridge is that when the story starts, you're coming back here with your backstory, right? And typically your backstory is starting where they're at right now. So it's like, hey, I get it. Like I was in this exact same spot that you're at now. You don't have to stay here. Let me show you what happened. Let me tell you this journey that I went on or that so-and-so went on or whatever that then gives them hope that's like, wow, like that's cool. That person did... I could do it too. You know what I mean? Have you used stories that were not exactly earth? Like you just said, like, man, here's a great story. Like you know a story that can like be to false belief, but maybe it's not. You know, you wouldn't say, well, I helped them do this, but is that okay to do? 100%. Yeah, maybe it's all the time. I'll talk about Robert Kiyosaki. Like, yeah, I've had some more members who tell my stories. It's like, that's awesome. Go for it. Just don't be like, this is like... The biggest thing is don't lie. Like, don't be like, here's my story about what I did. Like, that's... Don't lie. The whole like physical... Well, first off, number one, it's the wrong thing to do. So that's number one. Number two is like, Stephen talked about like the whole physical response to your body when you lie. Like that's a real thing. And like, even if you don't consciously pick it up, like subconscious they do, like there's this really weird thing about telling the truth where like, it actually makes you more money. So it might as well do it. That's my thought. And it's the right thing to do. So... 100% yeah. I heard once or whatever. Yeah, right. I got a friend over here. Yeah, for sure. Good question. Any other question on this? Okay, so then the last steps again, there's three steps to this. I guess four or five. Figure out the false beliefs, write down the experience. You feel like they have the cause of that. The story you have. And then from here, the Piffingbird story you have. Okay. I think on the paper, we've got enough room for like three for each one. Okay. So write three different vehicle false beliefs, three internal, three external. And why you guys fill out this whole thing. Okay. Now, if I had you guys for the next like week and a half, I would make this 100 lines each and make you fill out 100 of them. Because that's what I did. That's what you guys should all do as well. Like you should go deeper. But for the context of this event, we're just going to be just do three on each one of these things and three experiences, three stories and then the stories you have. Or if you know, like, I don't have a story here, like what story can I find? Like I need to go find that story, go look for a story that solves that concern. So figure those things out. And then what we're going to do is when I look at this, there's going to be tons of them. Like I don't, in my webinar, I can't go through all of them because it's going to be really, really hard. So I start looking. I'm like, of all these things, like what's the biggest thing that's keeping them from believing the vehicles in here? Right? I'm going to pick one. So I'm going to be like, okay, the biggest one is that everyone believes that if everyone hates me, this is going to be, so this is the main one. So this is going to be the story that I'm using for when I'm talking about the vehicle. Then internal, like what's the biggest, like the internal thing that hurts them the most keeps in the back. It's probably, my guess is it's probably going to be this one. And I have a really good story. Like my best story is definitely here. So I'm going to use that one here. And for external, I've always seen what's the best one. It's probably going to be this one here. Okay. So you pick those three things. And now we know this is the false belief that secret number one needs to destroy. This is the false belief secret number two needs to destroy. And this is the false belief secret number three needs to destroy. Okay. So you pick those and then last up the process is then coming back and yeah, plugs into here, here and here. And then we're going to go through and actually write out some sexy secret names so that it actually fits. Okay. But you see that's the four stories you guys we talked about. Origin story did yesterday. She come and you tell the original origin story, knocks down the domino. Then number two, you're picking the biggest false belief that's holding him back. And you're telling that story here. It's knocked down this part of the domino. Then you're coming here. What's the internal fear? You're picking out the biggest false belief that about internal themselves. You take that one. That's the story you're telling. That becomes this right here. And number three is external. What's the number one externally got? What's the story we have? That's what you're telling here. That makes sense. Those are the four stories. That's how we get them. Origin story, false belief about the vehicle, false beliefs about their internal ability to execute on the vehicle, false beliefs about the external thing they're going to blame it on. They keep some from doing it. That is the magic. Yes. Long stories but short form stories that are faster than the stack. Yep. We do a lot of those. Yeah. Yeah. And you can weave it. The other thing is when I'm telling this thing right here, I know these things are here. I'm always weaving in other false beliefs that I'm doing it. But there's one that's the core story. If I'm telling the story right here, I'm telling the story about my friend who got the Ferrari and got leads online and I'm telling this whole story about it. I'm going to weave in other things. My big story is I didn't have any money. He didn't even use any money. He did this whole thing. And then Julie, she did it too. She's in one of his buddies and he did it. I'm going to weave in like little mini stories and as well as I'm doing it. Just to make this true because if this story takes me three minutes to tell, like this webinar is going to be really, really short, right? I typically get each story about 15 minutes I'm spending on it. So it's like I'm going to tell the story that has all the proof and the elements and I might I'm going to weave in some of these other ones as I'm doing it. But there's one core storyline and it's like this right here. Okay. So then for this, it's basically I'm coming to look into this story like what's the sexy headline for this story, right? That's kind of where since like there's the there's how you like retweak into like a really sexy thing that gets them all excited. Okay. So for me, for for click funnels again, the biggest faults, belief people had is that honestly, initially for the first launch of webinars, just like that they needed a funnel at all. So it's like they do they even need a funnel? Like how do I find one? Like it was just kind of an invisible thing. Nowadays, like we've kind of made a lot of noise over the last three years. Most people at least in our world kind of know what it was. But initially, most people think of a that came to our world, like they see a website, they see a squeeze page, and they think that's internet business. It's like, no, that's the tip of the iceberg. There's other things. So I'm showing my funnels are the key to every single business on earth. Let me show you how it works. I'm going to show you this thing called funnel hacking. And so like that's my that's my false beliefs. Like I don't even know what a funnel is or how it works or whatever. If I need it. So I'm showing here's my story about how I took a neurocell from from what was it? $20,000 a month, $20,000 a day by actually understanding what a funnel was, making the tweaks, making changes. And I showed the story about how I how I hacked Ed Dell or Ed O'Keeves funnel and like show whole process. And then now they're like, oh my gosh, that's so easy, right? The number two false belief here was that I'm not technical. I don't know how to do this. So the story is like Russell's not technically, let me show you and I'm actually going to do a whole demo. So you see how simple it is. Number three was like, I don't know how to get traffic, even I had a funnel, it's not going to help because I have no way to get traffic. Cool. The story right here then is I showed similar web. I showed you find what traps coming from you buy ads on the sites and the same traffic that's going to competitors comes years. Super easy, super simple. And they're like, cool, I can actually get traffic. Domino falls down. You're showing the what? Yes. All of your stories. Yes. 100%. Yeah, that's good. So as you're telling the stories, it's the what? Not the how? So, so yeah, that's one thing people get confused on. Like, Russell, you said not to teach. You're not teaching how to do it. You're teaching like what to do. Do you ever get into any of your products actually by name before the stack? Sometimes I will. I guess fun. Like, yeah, instead of our traffic seekers course, we're talking about this. And then, yeah, I'll draw up hints all the time. Yeah, I'm always seeing stuff. Not like hardcore, like, because you want people to be like, oh, he's only teaching me this in the course, but it's like, oh, I wish I had more time. I go deep in this in the traffic seekers course, but we can talk about later. All right, and then move on. Yeah. Yep. No, so the what? The what is like, case we get to you go find a funnel model, then you got to build and click funnels, and then you've got to find something that's already in traffic and drive traffic back to that. That's what you do. Like, cool, how do I do that? Okay, well, it's gonna take like 45 hours of videos to show you because first you got to go and like, actually find them, you got a funnel hack, and then you got to go in the editor, and then you got to like add a headline, you got to add an image, and you got to add this, and you got to add this, and you got to add this is how you do it. Then you got to go to upsell, and you got to hook this cart to this, and you have this to this, and then you're going to go through, and you're going to contact this person, here's the email you're going to send to them, here's the rate you should be looking for, here's the, you know, so that's the how. Yes. What's just, because like, what happened is there's some like self, what does Stephen call them, self solvers, they hear the what, and they're like, sweet, I mean, they can just go and do it, right? That's not the masses, that's like 0.001%. Everyone else is like, holy crap, that's awesome. How do I give you money so you can show me how to do that? We want people at the end, like, that is so amazing, I don't know what he just did, but I want some of that. Like, that's, that's the feeling you want them to have, but it's like, that whole thing was so cool, I get it, but I don't know how to do it. Yeah, good question. Okay, so what we need, one last time for all you guys, think through the thing you're selling, what are at least three false beliefs they have, or that you had when you went through it, we're three false beliefs about this, about this, and from there, figure out the experience that caused the false belief, experience, boom, the best you can, and then what story they tell themselves because of this experience, story, story, story, story, story, and what is the story you could tell that could smash this false belief and give them a new belief and give them hope of the future, because now they believe that it's possible to do what they actually want to do. Any questions about that at all? Okay, I hope most of you guys are geeky like me, and after this is done, you go home and actually do like 20 or 30 or 40 of these and start building my inventory list, like, it'll be so powerful for you. Like I said, this, that's how like, I can get up right now and have a one thing, three secrets that I can do a 45 minute webinar, zero notes, zero anything, and close a million dollars in sales, because I know these stories like the back of my hand, I've given every story that I tell live, I've probably told 40 or 50 times before I ever tell live, between podcasts written in my office, in my team, I tell my kids at night, I tell my over, and I just getting better and better at those stories, and it'll get inside your brain where they're just there, and then they just appear. So that's like the long-term homework is like, they take this serious, this is super, super important, and it'll help you a ton.