You might do ten bucks ahead. That'd be a very successful day. But in a ratio of buyers, it's very small. Now, 30 highly qualified buyers in a room, so my seminars for chiropractors and dentists in the success track business, I closed between 80 and 85% and our main speaker closed 99%. I mean, he hardly ever missed anybody. You're supposed to close them all. They got in a car, they came specifically to be there. They knew they were coming to be pitched. The price is lower than what their expectation was going to be. Not higher. Your speaker's good. How could you not close anybody? He knew it. Before he went to the next town, if he missed anybody, he called him that morning on a phone and got him. He was great. I never was willing to do it, but Faust used to call him. So I've been awake all night thinking about you. I just can't do it. You're the only one who didn't get it. I'm worried about you. He closed them before he left. That was his morning phone call. He was great. We had some weeks where we had 100% close rate. Five seminars, five cities, 100%. That's what it's supposed to be. So most people in most businesses accept much lower conversions, conversion rates, closing rates, whatever you want to call it, then should be there because they got a shitty sales process. And they accept it. It's just not tight. It's not thought... See, when he said... So he got up here and we're talking about this, but what did he say? We have phone script. The phone script is designed to scare them and so forth. Well, that phone script is really important. And so it's scripting is important. It's enforcement is important. The voice inflection of the person doing it is important. It's all important. And it may make a difference between whatever his closing rate is now and another 10%, another 5%. Hey, at $13,000 a clip, this is pretty important. $5,000 hearing aids sale, this is pretty important. $40,000 dentistry case, this is pretty important. But even if you're selling ice cream cones for $0.50, it's important in a different way. You can't afford to lose any of them. And they better walk out of there buying a cake or you're in deep shit. So the mastery of the sales process and the question for you that I would have is how deep do you study the selling side of your business? Let's talk about advertising and marketing because it's more fun. But the selling side of the business, how deep do you study? Do you have, are you into the language? Are you into the structure? I can tell you in the infomercial business, for example, you may think, Guthy Ranker, you think of them as an infomercial company, but they're an infomercial company. They're an inbound telemarketing company. They're a web company, et cetera. And there's a lot more time spent on the phone scripts and the testing in the phone room and the websites and the testing on the websites than there is spent on the TV shows. And there's a mountain of time spent on the TV shows. But there's a room full of people trying to figure out one more thing that can be tested in this phone script because that's where the leverage is. No matter how good you do that show, you know what? You're only going to get so many people to call. But the leverage is in what happens to them when they call. So Sales Mastery is another form of this.