But from door to door to by appointment was the big change in many of those businesses and really in B2B today also converted from the copier guy coming around and going door to door in an office complex. I mean it still exists but it doesn't exist much. Almost everybody is selling by appointment. The question might be is there something we should do door to door because nobody's door to door. How can we get better appointments? Route to party plan. There used to be companies like Fuller Brush and they used to have routes. They came to everybody's house on a route. They all switched to party plan. Location and change of place. This is a way to alter selling a lot often. So a few years ago I did a lot of work. Bill did some work with a consulting client in a hearing aid business. Well if you go back maybe a decade earlier hearing aids were all sold in home like vacuum players. That's how hearing aids were sold. So an appointment was made and a sales guy came into the house with a really primitive testing machine and he gave you a hearing test and then he sold you your $3,000 or $4,000 or $5,000 set of hearing aids. It was a direct sales product. The big gun was Beltone. Beltone's still in business today. They've been in business since I think 1927 or 1937 something like that. But Beltone was a direct sales force and guys went into homes and sold hearing aids and that's how hearing aids were sold. Miracle Air came along and they started as an in-home sales company as well. And the whole business has been moved to the office, kind of a cross between a retail facility and walking into a doctor's office. And lead generation mostly or big retail kind of advertising drive people into the place and the testing equipment of course is much more elaborate than has more bells and whistles and stuff today. Process hasn't changed much and now the sale is made still one-on-one in that environment rather than in the house. But really all the same stuff is happening. Now arguably there's more credibility, there's more authority. You could argue it's a better selling environment where they have come to the professional office and are in that professional environment. I would say there's a lot of sales lost by not being willing to go into their homes by the way and word me in that industry I put that back in the business. In showroom to in-home I did some more few years ago for a company called Floor Coverings International. You know the big deal you'll see carpet companies on a local level advertising as well. You know where the whole thing comes to you you don't go to the showroom. So that's moving the showroom into the home. Experiential puppy dog kind of location selling. You see it mostly in real estate timeshare, vacation stuff where you're coming and staying for one night or two nights and experience the golf course and then you buy something there right. Years ago of course televisions that were sold by putting them in the home on trial. Automobiles were sold by letting people drive them for a week and then decide whether or not they were going to keep them and that was called puppy dog selling because if you put a puppy dog in a house for three days it's staying. So pretty much early it was the same with the television set and pretty much it was the same with the car. It's driving a brand new car for a week. All's neighbors see him in it. The kids have been in it. They like the station wagon and so is he really going to return it now? No he's not going to return it now unless he can't pay for it. So change of location and change to some sort of an experience sell is a way to change the sales process. Distance is a way to change the sales process right. So we forget about boundaries and we sell at big distances instead of small distances. The great example in our world is Darren Garman selling Iowa real estate to people in California and New York and Hong Kong sight unseen rather than selling Iowa real estate to people in Iowa. Cold to pre-appointment. So cold selling is I get an appointment with somebody. They're either coming to me or you're going to them. So they're coming into your dental office. They're coming to your financial planning practice. They're coming to you or you're going to them but nothing has happened between the making of the appointment and the presentation. I call that going in cold.