Now 200,000 in a day, bad, but still. The ratio's not good. And if anybody has a cold, you're in trouble. If anybody has a bad day, you're in trouble. I mean, I work sick a number of times because not because me, I could have gone without the money, but they needed the money. So we looked at a number of things, we invented a number of things, we invented the big souvenir program, and as we're 20, 30, 40,000 bucks a day. But the biggest thing I said was, you have unused capacity. Because this thing ends at five o'clock. But you don't got to be out of the place until seven or eight. Now in order to be out of there at seven or eight, you got to start dismantling the whole damn thing at five oh one. But maybe we can dismantle around one more speaker. Because you got all these people there. Some of them will stay. I don't know how many will stay. But if we put something in front of them that might be interesting, some of them will stay. It doesn't cost us any more money. They're already there. We already spent all the money to get them there. So what made me think of this was the fast food industry. Because they didn't used to do breakfast. And they were actually, all the originals were opposed to doing. Break Crock argued against it vehemently. We're not in a breakfast business. We're in a hamburger business. Nobody eats hamburgers for breakfast. Obviously some people do, of course, but that's neither here nor there. I mean, so he argued against it vehemently. But first of all, it's about 33% of your capacity going unused. And of course, as we now know, it's about 45% of the revenue. And it's more than that in the net. Because nothing's more profitable than breakfast. So unused capacity, right? And now you see, of course, they've figured out the fifth meal, the midnight meal. And so you see fast food, we're open late. We're open till midnight. We're open, right? The only guys that ever figured it out before, Jack in a Box, did it for years. So Jack in a Box was where all the late drunks and late smoking folks went, you know, because the driving window was open till 2 o'clock in the morning. Many, many, many moons ago with Jack in a Box. So bad food wasn't an issue. Just the ability to get food was the issue. But the rest of them fought it. You know, they didn't want to do it. Now you see them all doing it because they need the capacity, right? So my time slot was invented because of unused capacity. So the question is, the Tonight Show was invented by NBC because of unused capacity. They were selling advertising way back when, after 10 o'clock at night, and then after 11 o'clock at night. The TV stations, all three of them, at 11 o'clock, put up a test pattern or an American flag and shut down for the night. And a voice said, good night, we'll see you tomorrow. And there was no TV after 11 o'clock at night. That means there was no ad revenue after 11 o'clock at night. None, zero, not a zip, right? It's unimaginable, isn't it? So the Tonight Show was an invention to try and sell some advertising with unused capacity. Hence the first one was incredibly cheaply produced. There was a desk, a potted palm, two chairs, one camera. You know, the thing probably ain't going to work. How cheap can we do it? The advertising was given to the local affiliates. That's just a here you can have it because they figured no national advertiser would ever buy this thing, but they might be able to sell it to the local car dealer, you know? And so late night TV was all about unused capacity. So one question is, have you got unused capacity? You already got it and you're not doing anything with it, right? Another is what Harvey Brody calls stored value. It's kind of a different way of getting to the same place, but still. So stored value is, Jay Abraham talks about it a lot in the context of unexploited back end, right? It's the company that gets a customer, they sell them one thing, maybe they sell them two things, and then they don't sell them anything else. You see it a lot in big ticket environments, and in some cases it's the smart thing because it's better to go get another big ticket buyer than it is to dick around with all the little stuff. But in other cases it's not very smart. If you look at the car business, for example, there's like no money in the car sale. The money's all in, well, it used to be in the financing, that sort of has changed, but...