One of which I have to watch before the appointment. There's a book, because the doctor has written a book, which had a great title. I forget what the title was, but it was a great title. So there's been told what's coming to you in this box, and what you are supposed to do with it. That all happened on the phone call. So that's changing the cold sale to the prepared sale. It's a change in the sales process. So big guy, Everett, where are you? There you are, all the way in the back. See the big guy back there? Who looks like he's in exactly the kind of business he's in. So Everett's business is coming into your house and killing animals that have gotten into your house. He's president of the only certified biohazardous animal waste remediation contracting company. It's the only one, because I assume you made up the terminology, yeah, good for you. Yep, good for you. So somebody calls apparently, and they have rats or raccoons or squirrels or something that have gotten into walls, and they're here and scratching, and they're finding dung somewhere, or whatever. Something worse, maybe something less worse, and they call. You now send them immediately. Come up, will you very quickly? Can you make your way up here? Because I don't wanna screw it up, but I hope I'm not using you as a bad example. So I don't wanna screw it up. So the customer calls. Well, we have an irresistible offer that we come and trap the animals for free. So that gets them to call. So they call and say, oh, we gotta, you know, da da da da, and then we have a phone script that, you know, well, you got a bigger problem than you think you have, and yada yada yada, and we'll come get them for free, but you gotta read the material. So then we send somebody out there. So you have to turn the problem from loose animal to, to wild animal. Yeah, too, you're gonna die if you don't have your insurance company clean it up. Okay. There's toxic, the animal is. It carries all kinds of diseases. What loose all kinds of diseases and viruses and shit and everybody's gonna have rabies if they're not, yeah, okay. Yeah. All right. So anyway, if you don't, so then we send a trapper out there. If it's local to our office, then I just, I have a guy on staff, if it's outside of our general area, then I pay a local trapper to go out and do the trapping, and then I FedEx him the package, they get it the next day. Okay, so you go get the animal, and then you FedEx them this, which is the consumer's guide to nuisance wildlife remediation. Okay. And so, nah, this looks familiar, doesn't it? Yes, yes it does. And so, there's his story with his two children who've lived. Nasty looking little rabies raccoons, and so there's his story. There's his, what we call our matchup piece, who relies on, and so parents, what else we got here, homeowners, landlords, pet owners, retirees, busy working people. So he's got his matchup piece, he's got his process, right? What exactly they do, what their 12 step process, and why they're different from guys who just come out. Then we have the thing that explains all the zoonotic diseases that are now loose in your home, with this horrible bacteria. And we have all sorts of technical medical language about all this stuff. Here's the basilaricus in raccoon roundworm infection, which is now loose in your house, and here's what it looks like in case you wanna know that. Here's how you can pay for animal remi, here's the guarantee, here's the process illustrated, which is a way to add value, by the way, to what you do, is to illustrate your process. So here's this whole process of what happens, and there's arrows going here, and arrows going there. And so this is all FedEx to them, right? What happens next? Right now I have salespeople following up with them, after a few days, if they don't call us back, I'm working on the entire. So some proactively call. Oh yeah, yeah, we absolutely, some call us back, and you know, scared to death, and we gotta get somebody out there and get this done now. And then you have telemarketers. Right, no, actually I have salespeople. Salespeople. Yeah, and it's not a telemarketing room. Okay. But I have salespeople follow up. And what's your average sale? Since we started the free trapping, it's gone down a little bit, cause it's, you know, attracting people don't have as much money.