Right? Well, I'm a drawing cart. So even though I'm not going to be at the boot camp, I'm not speaking at the boot camp. None of that matters. If he does a teleseminar with me, he's going to get more people on a teleseminar and he's going to get people to a teleseminar who might not ordinarily come to a teleseminar. I don't give a crap what he sells once he gets them there as long as I get to do what I want to do with him. No reason it has to be single-purpose. All right? So we can do the first half of the teleseminar when I'm there and I get to do my thing and I leave and he keeps them and he does his thing. Now I brought something to the table. It wasn't about money. It was about let me help you drive more people to your teleseminars. I have a plan and I have all this promotional material about me and I have all these testimonials from dentists and I have this neat list of eight bullet points of what we can talk about on the teleseminar that will be compelling and irresistible to dentists so that they'll come. Yada yada yada yada. Right? So you need to make an exceptional case for why they should do it and the more valuable the more that case ought to be customized. Meaning you know about their business. You know you know as much as you can about them before you open the door of G it'd be cool if we did something together. And it is who Dan Cricks and I were talking about this our Cleveland independent business advisor and Dan Marcus the auto. Where are you? There he is. So Dan and I were talking about this the other day. It is a major frustration of mine an annoyance of mine. How little research people do salespeople before they go to do a sales presentation someone before they go to do a negotiation which really is what we're talking about here. How they come to propose something to me or they go to propose something to somebody else. They don't do any research. They don't know anything about the person's business about the person and again it got easy. I mean I'm going to a meeting last week. Carla Google this guy. Get me whatever there is. Get me their business website. And Google these other three people who are going to be at the meeting in case there's something on them. Right now I know all sorts of crap. I can actually get to a point of maybe even knowing something about their mindset and how they'll think. Right. I know what their business makeup. I know what their price points are. I know kind of what their sales process is. Right. So I can now customize what we might be able to do together. That's really going to be good for you. And it not just be about hey let's let's let's put together a little pot of money and split it half and half. Right. So that's that's Mickey Mouse thinking. That's not that's not really big interesting compelling thinking. Right. The other thing quickly I'll suggest to you is when you make your exceptional case in many cases just like in any selling you ought to show them options. Why pitch one thing and get a yes or no. Why not pitch four things. Here's things I think we could do together. We could do this. We could do this. We could do this. We could do it this way or we could do it that way. Selling one on one right. We improve the odds. Present it with a yes or no question. A lot of people say no. Present it with five possible yeses or no. More people pick one. It's just natural behavior. It doesn't matter whether we're negotiating million dollar deals or we're selling. Pots makes no difference. Right. Number six something unique for the person you want. This is not like signing people up for affiliate programs. That's not what I'm saying. It's not at all what we're doing. This is serious opportunity. So if for some reason there was value. Well there wouldn't be with Johns really. But so let's talk about Keel. So John Keel's got a bunch of customers who are interested in marketing sort of because they came in through the internet marketing door. If I get convinced that John Keel's customers could be really valuable to me. Then I want to go to John with something that's unique for John. That nobody else is going to have. I don't want to go to him with can something. So now it's it's going to be. Hey let's do a series of tele seminars that you can bring your people to and you can sell all your other stuff to. Let's do a John Keel only website with five of our products on it that are really related to your guys and John Keel presents.