But it's still hovering around 15,000, 13,000 to 15,000. OK, so you're making a $13,000 to $15,000 sale. Now, to switch the addition of this step, what did it do to conversions, to closing? It doubled it. Doubled it. I was sending out a sales letter, just a regular, ugly, printed out on the computer sales letter. And when I switched to that, it doubled it. We should do DVD next. It's on the list. Because you bump it again. The DVD and the audio and the complete follow-up mailing program. And I assume now, beyond the sales people, you don't yet have a follow-up sequence. No, I'm working on it. But our capacity is a little strained, and I'm having trouble finding people to come help me in the office and get employees. I asked you about that yesterday. See, the reason why price and power are connected is because they give you the power to do things in a marketplace that you could not otherwise do. This thing, now a DVD, FedEx, I might think about sending it out with a cute little stuff critter, which would add another couple of bucks, preferably in a low cage. And see, at 13Gs, we can have all of those conversations and never have to have the, well, what if we don't do it in full color? What if I don't die cut the pieces? What if I use first class instead of FedEx? What if I don't send the critter? Can I not send the DVD and drive them to a website to watch it on time? I say, well, I have to have those conversations because we have the power that comes from price. And again, what most people do is they try and go the other direction. So they try and lower price, which sucks away all their ability to do effective selling. I'd rather be the highest priced guy and be able to do anything I want to do to make my sale than the lowest price guy trying to make my sale by having the lowest price. That's the position of least power. Still on all the means of selling, team of specialist versus loan ranger. So a couple of examples of that. New York Life guy that I bought some annuities from. He's very good. So he has now started three times it's happened. He's contacted me that I'm one of the VIP clients who are being invited while the expert from afar is in town for a day who is going to be with him meeting and having whiz bang planning sessions with a few of his clients. So having the expert from afar is the excuse for the invitation. It makes the meeting different than me just meeting with him. It has not incidentally been persuasive to me, but that does not mean that it is not persuasive to others. About six, seven months ago now, I go to Cleveland Clinic for the big whiz bang executive top to bottom, find everything they can find that might kill you physical. Which by the way is where I met the New York Life guy who got me as a client, which is kind of interesting. But so you don't just go meet with one guy. And I was only there to get to one guy. But you meet with one after the other. So you got to go meet with the exercise physiologist person after they've done all these tests, who is now showing you the ball and the thing you should be doing and like, I'm going to do this. But she's making a sale because she's got a whole program to put you into. Then you go meet with the nutritionist person. They're making a sale because they got a whole program that they're going to put you into. The entertaining one was the life coach. That was fun. He's probably quit. Now, I wasn't brutal at all. And I did not reveal that he was too dumb to find out. So I wasn't obvious about it. I just was the worst behaving prospect.