We'll match some of your stuff with our stuff. We'll add a John Keel bonus to everyone I'm gonna I want to customize something that only John is good a half All right, why? Ego All right, I assume maybe he's got an ego okay the Presentation that he makes to his people All right, it looks like he went to a lot more trouble Looks like he went and searched and found and put together Something just for his people so that raises his stature and status with them Three he's less likely to say no to me When I've gone to all the trouble to figure out something just for him creates a sense of obligation As opposed to just pulling something out of my sample case that I got for everybody easy to say no to that Right he doesn't feel bad about that at all But if I've gone all the trouble to figure out something just for John Now even if he doesn't really like it. He kind of feels bad About giving me the boot so I've created a sense of obligation slash guilt right Number seven Deal-making skill and the willingness to invest in it. So I talked about before get on a plane Go to a meeting Invest some time invest some money send the thing FedEx send a big gift with it. You don't send him an email Treat it has seriously has the opportunity warrants We'll move on to 96 in leverage and we will talk about Maybe the most important consideration for moving way up in income which is finding a big multiplier Or a big source of leverage a Place you can create To use this morning's language jet fuel Some really big crowbar and that in The half an hour we give it but in the days that follow on your own that that may be the most pregnant question of the three days is Where's the big multiplier for me? Some examples so one is unused capacity or unexploded opportunity So In my In my first consulting day with Peter Lowe the success events There was a The big question of the day was how do we get more money out of these days? Because that business was a very thin business It's even thinner with this current model, but it was a very thin business To be quick and simplistic the economics of that big rally with 35,000 people in the auditorium was That he was at break even give or take a buck when the doors opened So all the registration money is gone and maybe a little more It went to fill the seats and rent the facility and move the Lighting crew in because we really were putting on a rock concert. It's expensive so In the old models the new models a little different but fundamentally When I got there to consult with them There was one source of profit and one source of profit only and that was whatever the speakers sold from the front of the room During the day and so the format if you never went was basically alternating celebrity speakers who didn't sell anything and non celebrity speakers who sold something So you got he had zig and then you started this flip-flop Rotation all day long and you could basically fit in four people who could sell stuff and really there aren't that many people in the country You can sell stuff anyway, so You didn't need much more than four So you could use Tommy Hopkins. You could use buying Tracy. You could use Jim Marrone in some markets. You could use less brown The list is short You couldn't use any real metaphysical guy because of the evangelical Christian things so like Mark Hansen Can't use So so the list wish was short and this was the only source of income and there's several problems with that one It's the only source of income to it's actually pretty thin. I mean you're you've got a Million a million and a half a million and three quarters at risk in every city to maybe net 200,000