So everything's got to be done for them and managed, farming everything. Now of course this is again pre-internet, so we weren't dealing with email, we weren't dealing with websites, I wish we had been, but so the direct mail sequence, everything's got to be done for them, prepared for them, delivered to them, ready to put stamps on and send out in the mail, somebody's calling them to make sure that they got it out, we're sending little rewards to their staff at every benchmark when everything is done on time, the faxing, we're doing for them, on and on and on and on and on, because really all we're getting is a list and an endorsement, that's what we're getting, and a realistic understanding of what that is, right? And so now the dumb guy says about this, back to an earlier point, well if we're going to do all the work, and we're going to spend money on faxing, and we're going to spend money on printing, surely we shouldn't be giving them 50% of the money, we should try and give them 20% of the money, that's the dumb guy, so we gave them 70% of the registrations, and 20% of the onsite sales, well we'd have happily gone and sold to them in a room for free, so what 70%? I'd have given them 100% if anybody had demanded it, right? We said the same thing about me with Peter, I'd never volunteered in nine years, but if he had ever asked, if he had ever put the arm on me for more than 55, he'd have got it, he could have had it all, I just wanted the customer, same thing in Jack's case, so the money was all in what happened in the room, and what happened after the room, not what happened before the room, so we gave him 70% on the front, 20% or 25% on the in room, now the second thing about that is it dominates pretty quick, two or three of these places get a big check, and now everybody's a lot more cooperative, because nobody believes that's going to happen to start with. Number five, make an exceptional case for them doing it, so this is money, it's reciprocity in some cases, which is why the more media you own, your own newsletter, your own website, your own customer base, your own audio program, your own whatever, the more media you own, the more opportunity you have to structure reciprocity of some kind for somebody without it necessarily being skin off your nose, right? So, like, there's a, so, for Glazer Kennedy, one of Bill's tasks is getting into other people's customer bases in every way, shape, or form that we can get into their customer bases. In many cases, they want some kind of reciprocity, they want access to our customers. This is sometimes often a problem, because our customers are more valuable than theirs, and there may not necessarily be somebody that we want to put up on stage in a prime slot. So, the more things we have, so there's many reasons why there's an exhibit hall at the conferences. There's reasons of benefit to you, there's also reasons of benefit to us. Now, you might think the benefit to us is money, and that is a benefit to us, but another benefit to us is it's another piece of reciprocity real estate that we can use in dealmaking that doesn't necessitate us putting a person up on stage and giving up a slot. So, the more pieces you have, the more flexibility you have in making the deals that you want, so it may be reciprocity. It can be positive association. Ideally, you're going to people for whom there is benefit, prestige, wow factor, just in them linking themselves to you. Sometimes there's ways they get to use you and route to you using them. So, let's say like Tomorrent in Dentistry is selling his boot camp, and one of the things he's doing is driving people to tell seminars where they don't know they're coming to be pitched for the boot camp, they're coming for something else, and then there's a boot camp pitch attached to it, right? So, he wants to get as many people on tell seminars as humanly possible.