I got out there and first thing I'm doing is I'm making stuff because it's like, oh, I'm gonna make a product. I made a product and then somebody bought and I'm like, oh, so I made another one. I kept doing this and eventually six years later, I woke up one day with a hundred employees, whole bunch of customers that I hated. To be completely honest, they were horrible. And I was just miserable. I remember laying there in bed one day and I was like, I don't want to get up. I don't care about the people I'm serving. I have a hundred people. Seriously, I'm like a 11-year-old kid. People's lives depend on me actually producing. That was scary. And I remember sitting there thinking and I told my wife, I was like, I wish I had a boss. She's like, why am I? So he could fire me and I could be done with this. I'm like, that's the wrong thing when you have a big business and people, that's not the right thing. But I was just guessing, right? And so I'm like, a little bit after that, we had this really cool period of time where we almost went bankrupt and everything almost fell apart and I had to fire 80 people in the day and it was like the worst pain that I've ever experienced. It was hard. I had some of my best friends and family members walk out on me and it was a man, super humbling and horrible, hard experience. But it gave me a really cool chance to kind of reset and then be like, God, I want to do this? Like, that was horrible. What should I do? What do I want to be when I grow up and kind of start thinking through that again? And as I start thinking through that, I was like, okay, well, if I'm going to do this again, first off, I don't want those customers because they're annoying. I want a different kind of customer. So I start thinking through it. Who would I actually want to serve? What would my dream? And I remember as we were kind of doing this, we had other businesses that were kind of starting to happen during that time and it was kind of when we were thinking about getting back into this kind of business, like the coaching and all those kind of things. I was like, well, I'm going to do it again. Who don't want to serve? And I was like, well, I want to serve real entrepreneurs, not like the ones that are like, I want to make money. I want to get rich on the internet. I want real people who actually are excited by this. And I was like, people like me where I can share the cool weird crap and they're going to be like, oh my gosh, that was awesome as opposed to like, yeah, that's cool, but how do I buy a domain name? I'm kind of stuck on that part. And so I vividly figured who is my who, who are the people I actually want to serve? And if you read the book, I went deep. I found pictures of them and put them out and like, these are the type of people I want to serve. And then after had, which is the coolest thing, if you guys saw the profiles I wrote up back then, how close you guys all matched that is insanely like, it's insane for me. Like I didn't know you guys existed. So we created that and start putting things out and then you guys came. Like as you guys get to know each other better, like you are, everyone of you guys in my dream group people, like I was so, like I've been so excited to come here before I would not want to ever meet my customers in real life because I would just been like miserable where this is like, all you guys are awesome. But you can't get the right people unless you figure out who they are first. Okay. And one good thing that we told Adam over and over and over again is like, when you're figuring out your who, like one of the biggest things is make sure that like you're finding people to actually have money. Like rule number one is don't sell broke people, right? Like last year's circle event, we had him out there and we like tattooed it to his arm. And then last month, do you want to share like what happened since the inner circle meeting? Like this is pretty cool. Oh, hold on, you need a box. Heads up. For some throwing a far. It worked. Okay. So at the last inner circle meeting, the big problem was I was selling to broke people and so Garrett White takes a Sharpie and he sharpens it all over my arm. So it was there for like a week. But I got the point. So we basically changed the bait. We changed kind of the whole branding, the whole kind of image, the whole headline. And we started attracting our exact clients who we wanted to and we did over $100,000. In a month, right? In a month. It's the same. Yep. Thanks, man. Man, the lights blinded me as I asked and smack me in the face and then like appeared. All right. So that's the power that like it's huge. So after you figure out like who do you want to serve and it's like where are these people at? And that comes down to traffic. We'll get into that deeper throughout today and throughout the weekend. But the next thing is like what's the bait we're going to create? Like when I understood this, it was like if I create bait that attracts rich or poor people, I'm going to get poor people, right? Like I love poor people, but like I don't want to sell broke people. I don't want to like try convince them to give me the last $5,000. That's a horrible business to be in. But if I put the right bait out there, I'll get people where it's like, oh, they want that. It's like, like all of you guys in here, no offense. So like you are the easiest sales in the world. I was like, you want to come as $25,000? Like, yeah, we're in. Like it's so much easier, right? Like you bring the right people in, like selling becomes way easier. It's just a whole different thing. But it comes down to like, what's the bait you're going to put out that gets the right people in? Okay. When you're selling like how to get rich on the internet stuff, you can get crappy people. You sell like, um, Osseye Berry, like how to lose weight. You don't do anything. Just pop these magic pills, you lose weight. You're going to get those kind of people. You want the real people, the people we actually want to work with, you have to create something different. Like the bait is what gets the right person in. So for us, the first bait we created was the 108 split test book, which still sells like crazy, by the way. It's so cool. Um, we put it out there and we started selling those and it was a free plus shipping and we didn't make any money on it. But we were like, it was interesting. The people that bought it, like the people on my list at the time, nobody bought it, but like you guys all started buying it. Like the right people started buying it. And it was a scary transition point because we were making a bunch of money over here. We talked about this last night a little bit, like we're making money over here and then we're like, okay, we're going to stop this. We shut it down and we start this, here's 108 split test book and like sales were just like, we're like, oh, like crashing and burning. We're like, we almost lost the entire company. And I'm almost burn this thing down like three times. So hopefully that's inspirational for you guys. And like it was this horrible thing, but then also like the right people started buying, we started buying and like we started getting the right customers in, but we're like, we didn't know what else to sell these guys. And we had to go through a lot of the process we'll talk about today to figure out like what the right people actually wanted. And we figured that out. Then it was just like, who, and it completely transformed and took off and changed everything. So it's key is like figuring out who you actually want to serve and then the bait that will attract them and then making your business focus on the results. Like that's, that's, I'm going to talk about that for a day and we probably will deeper, but results, results are the key.