In this social traffic networking video, we're looking at meetup.com. That's M-E-E-T-U-P dot com. Meetup.com is a place where you can actually start to meet real groups of people. As it says here, you can use the internet to get off the internet. If you're serious about building your business, networking with people, going to events and groups and meetings is a great way to build joint venture relationships and partnerships and to meet like-minded people. That could be just people in your niche if you go to a meeting with people who have something that you're passionate and interested about and that way you can be seen to be establishing yourself as an expert. Or it can be just from the point of view of a peer network where you're starting to joint venture and just build relationships with people in your field. For example, if you're involved in the internet marketing or perhaps you were doing something like the 30 day challenge that seems to happen every year in August, then you could be looking for groups of people that were meeting up to work together in teams or to help each other to grow online. Meetup.com is a great way of doing that, meeting new people, getting offline to events and building those relationships. To sign up, you can just register with the site. Before we go ahead and register, I'm just going to show you how you can browse. You can browse by topics, by cities, your city if you want to. You can just go through. For example, if you wanted to look at different countries, say for example you were in New York and you wanted to see what was happening in your area, you could then actually go through. For example, if we take New York, New York, you can see the different types of groups that are meeting here. There's automotive groups, books, cultures, education, film, hobbies, health, financial, internet, sports. There's all different types of groups that are meeting up. The entrepreneur meetup has 246 entrepreneurs, members, where they're working together to build and grow their business to the next level. You can find different particular networks that relate to you where you'd like to build peer groups and meet other people and actually start to network offline. You can use the meetup site as a great way to do that. Of course, you'll also be able to post information in your profile so people can come and find you online as well. It's not just obviously restricted to you going to events, but it's a great way to build your credibility once again in your niche. To go along and sign up, we just literally hit register and we can start the sign up process on meetup. Okay, so you just put in your name, your email address, create a password, your location and zip code or post code, agree to the terms and conditions. You can choose to be remembered on the computer or you can put in your own details each time you come along and then hit the submit button. You'll then get this page here which says almost done. We can just send an email to your email address. You need to verify and click that email to finish the sign up process. You'll get an email into your email account and you just need to click the link to verify and confirm your account. As you can see after clicking the link, it says thanks, your emails have now been verified. Let's get started so now we can log in to the meetup account we've just created. You're then asked if you want to join a meetup group near you or near the town and you just put in your area of interest and then it'll give you some results. So for example, here we put in entrepreneur and then we got different groups and if you scroll down here you can see there's the 30 day challenge which is based on the 30jchallenge.com which happens live every August. So you can actually get involved in the events themselves and actually work with a group of like minded people. So you can go along and take a look at the group and if you decided it's something that you're interested in and you could join and you can see recent comments, who it's organized by other nearby groups when the next meeting is going to be and what people have said about the particular group. So you can find out good information before you decide to perhaps go ahead and join. You can even get an RSS feed of what's going on news, have it in your news reader to keep up to date and if you want to attend you can just join. It tells you who's coming to the event, people have said yes, people have said maybe and of course once you get in the swing of actually going to these types of groups then you can go ahead and actually set up your own group within Meetup and start arranging events where people get together, entrepreneurs, business people, web designers, whatever it is in your field you can set these groups up and start meeting people relevant to your field. So if you're going to your profile section you can add your hometown, you can see when you've joined as a member, you can add your birthday information, your interests, Meetup groups that you've joined, you can manage a greeting here to put greetings if you will come to your profile, any friends that you're adding. You can then look at Meetup groups, add photos, friends and greetings and you can also start to browse the site. Now one thing you want to be noted of here, I go into one of the groups, say for example I've just browsed to looking for entrepreneurs and small business and you see here there's one created about LinkedIn which is another social traffic networking site where people are actually meeting here in this case in London, in the UK, they're actually meeting up to discuss how they can network and build a community together within LinkedIn itself. And all I wanted to show you this for is if you look at these different parts and tabs here you can check these ones remembering more detail but also if you're going to start your own Meetup you can then put information about, so the about us section you can talk about what your particular group is about if you're going to set up your own. You can use the calendar where you can set up a calendar of events, put in important events that are coming up on your calendar so other people can see it. As people then join you'll see the different members and their information will come up. Photos, if you've got any group photos once you've started having your events make sure you put them into the actual site. The mailing list here, no one has sent a message yet, you then got message boards, polls, files that you can share so if you want to share files within your particular Meetup group and also then to promote. If you hit the promote this is a great tool part here if you're part of a group to use but also if you're going to start your own Meetup. You can promote your Meetup group, you can invite people to your Meetup groups if you know someone would like to meet, you can just basically, your name will come up, you can type in up to 10 email addresses with commas, type in a message down here and then you will put in the validation code and hit send and you can invite people to your Meetup group. Now just for a moment, okay it's 10 emails at a time, you don't want to start spamming people but if you know people who want to pull into one of your Meetup groups to get something rolling this would be a great way of doing it. So I recommend that. You've also then got going back to the promote section, you can create printed material like t-shirts, flyers with tail off tabs for giving people handing them out as flyers, you've got business cards, you've got the logos, you've got tabletop signs. This is useful so for example say you're meeting in a coffee shop and you've arranged or a hotel lobby or something for the first one it's more informal and you've decided to, you've spoken to the hotel or the bar or whatever you're using and they've said, yeah as long as you're buying coffee and drinks for us we'll let you use a few tables. You can then put these on the table so people can easily find you and know they've found the right group and don't go sitting with the one group of people. You can have badges if you want to, there's other widgets you can use onto your website and there's also this as well if you've got a Facebook account, another great social networking media then you can set up Meetup within your Facebook profile. Just for one moment if you actually start to think about this, you're already seeing here a site where they've got a LinkedIn meeting or how about a Facebook party with people you've met on Facebook, you've got a profile, combine the two sites together, use the application and start getting your Facebook friends to come to live events that you organise as well. This can be where you start off having it, maybe it's a free or people say for example you're charging a small amount just to cover your room costs so people just contribute to that. You can then start inviting guest speakers within your field who will quite happily come and talk to you either from a fee or maybe be able to just have a 10 minute spot at the end where they can offer people a product that they own that's relative to your niche and then people might just choose to purchase. So there's lots of things you could start using Meetup for within your business. Just to show you those little widgets I pointed to a second ago, you can add these little badges to your websites so you can have a membership badge which just shows people that you're a member of Meetup, you can have a dynamic list of upcoming Meetup events, it just scrolls on your site, you can have a topic count which gives an up-to-date count of the worldwide Meetups in your particular topic perhaps or a search by topic box so people can actually search from your website for upcoming Meetups in your particular favourite topic, you can have Meetups by City, a current list of upcoming Meetups in your air and you can even have a search by City Bar on your site as well so you can integrate these into your websites and start attracting those people to your groups and getting your events going. If you just go to the account tab you can change your name, user ID, email address, your password, your location, your hometown, your birthday and you can also add a photograph here as well within your account and then if you decide you want to go ahead and actually start a group of your own hit start a Meetup and you can then go through the process of creating a Meetup group so you put what it's relevant to which as you've got here examples could be knitting, parenting, book club, small business, you pick a topic that you think is relevant and start going through the process and you then customize your page, choose a plan and then start planning actual Meetups where you can invite people. Before you start moving on to this so I would extremely recommend the first thing you do will be to explore other Meetups and maybe just find one local to you, see how people run the event, see how the services run within the web and what information you're getting and you can use this as a model to improve upon to make yours fly off to a great start when you decide to go ahead and organize your own Meetup group. That's it, that's meetup.com. Start using the methods today to get new joint venture partners, get traffic, don't forget, make use of your profile to show where your website addresses so when people check you out on Meetup they know what site is yours or even your blog so they can come and find you and that's meetup.com. Thanks for watching.