Hey, my name is Russell Brunson, great to officially meet you. And I don't know if you know this or not, but it is a brand new year. It is a new decade. We are about to start on the next 10 years of our life. Tony Robbins always says that we overestimate what we can do in a year, but we underestimate what we can do in a decade. And this is the beginning of a new decade. So in 10 years now, where do you think you could possibly be? I'm not sure, but I know that if you have the right tools, the right trainings, right strategy in your mind, you can literally change the world. So I am actually working on a brand new course for all of my funnel hackers, all my funnel builders, everyone inside of ClickFunnels. And this new course is called Funnelology, the art and science of how to build funnels that will grow your company quickly. And this is going to be a course we're selling in the near future for $1,000. And I thought, because it's New Year's, because we're kicking off this year, a whole bunch of fun stuff is happening. What if instead of you guys waiting for a couple months when the course is done, and it's produced and edited and we sell it for $1,000, what if I let you guys watching behind the scenes? I'm going to be on this stage right here, and I teach the entire Funnelology course. How many of you guys would like to do that? So that's kind of the idea. So what I'm going to be doing, this is happening January 2nd, 3rd and 4th, and it's going to be live, and we'll be going live in this room. And like I said, it's going to be a course recording that will be selling in the future for $1,000, but you guys have a chance to listen in and watch for free. There's a couple of reasons why I'm doing this. Number one is I want you guys feedback. I want you to be like, yeah, that was awesome, or that didn't make any sense. I want you to add a module on this. What if you gave us things like this? So I need you guys feedback. That's number one. Number two is I want some success stories and testimonials. So this will give you guys this chance during the new year to get these new funnel concepts into your mind. So as you're growing your company and you're launching it, all those type of things, you will be prepared. And so we need you guys after you go through this and you have success with that, I will have your testimonials. I hope you sell the course in the future when it comes out. And number three, Funnel Hiking Live is less than a month away. And for a lot of people who are coming to Funnel Hiking Live, they need a refresher and they need to go deep into funnels again. So when we get to Funnel Hiking Live, we can start running really, really quickly. And so for those of you guys who are coming to Funnel Hiking Live or thinking about coming to Funnel Hiking Live, this will be, man, an amazing, not a refresher course, but a course that you prepared and ready. So when you come to Funnel Hiking Live, you hit the ground running. So that's why we're doing it for free. Again, this will be sold in the future. But if you guys want to be part of it, you've got to watch it. And so there'll be a box down below where you can opt in and give us your email address. And then it's going to be a live stream. When the live stream is done, the videos get pulled offline. So it's not something you can go watch later. Like you watch live with me or you wait to buy it in the future. So that's kind of what's happening. So that means you need to block out these dates and times on your calendar. Day number, basically two trainings a day, two of them on January 2nd, two on January 3rd, and two on January 4th. I don't want you to miss them again while they're live. They'll be there and as soon as the live stream is done, we'll take any videos offline. So make sure you block out time to be there so you don't miss any of it and get free access to the Funnel Hiking course while I'm actually making it. So that's the game plan. It's going to be right here on this whiteboard inside this room. And it's going to be a lot of fun. So I'm looking forward to it. With that said, opt in down below and I will see you guys here in a little bit as we jump into the new Funnelology training course. Thanks so much, you guys, and we'll see you soon. Bye.