And the example I've always used in marketing seminars is Southwest Airlines, because Southwest Airlines of course delivers the least. It's a god-awful experience from beginning to end. If you aren't there two hours before flight time, you know you're going to have the orange pass and you're going to be in the middle seat between two fat people eating buckets of chicken. That's how you're going to fly across the country. If you're flying across country, it's a bus. Southwest is going, oh yeah, Cleveland to Vegas by way of Memphis, St. Louis, San Francisco, and Tuscaloosa. It's our Greyhound bus with wings. And pretty much half the people flying it should be on the Greyhound bus. Would have been on the Greyhound bus if the Southwest ticket wasn't so cheap. Amenities are being taken away from the big airlines, but you know for years. I mean you got no amenities, you got no Napa, you got a crappy little seat, and the flight attendants sings. This is their deal, right? Year after year after year they have the highest customer satisfaction ratings. And they deliver the least. If American Airlines treated you like Southwest treats you, you'd be burning down the terminal. Southwest does it, you're happy. Fly because they manage your expectation to start with. They make no pretensions. They're very clear about what they are. In the early years, before anybody knew what they were, and they had to condition everybody that this was okay. That you're going to come, we're not going to sign a seat, you're going to stand in line, we're going to give you a plastic pass, we're going to call you by groups, you all stampede down the thing as a herd, elbow each other out of the way as best you can, get whatever seat you can fight for. We're going to give you a back, even if you're flying across the country, you're going to be on play for seven hours, you're getting a bag of peanuts, one Coke, that's it, and we're going to get you there. When they first figured that out, this was like a new concept. So how did they sell it? They were very clear about what we are and what we aren't. But we're going to take off on time, and we're going to get you there on time. And by God they do keep that promise. Eighteen people still standing up trying to put their shit away, they're rolling down a runway. No other airline does it, every other airline, Farts are trying to get Martha's stuff put away, they're moving. Martha's on crutches, they don't care, we're going, okay, best thing about them. They got a promise, they keep the promise, it's pretty simple, they manage expectations, okay. So the lesson of Southwest is people will tolerate anything if their expectations are properly managed about what it is they are going to tolerate. That's lesson number one about managing expectations. Now, reputation, expectations, how it turns ordinary acts into, so Trump has a reputation for not wanting to shake hands. It's very well known. And so you don't shake hands with Donald Trump, you don't like to shake hands. So we had Donald Trump speak at a Jeff Caller event and arranged for a little private session with a few of the speakers and me and Jeff and Ronald Gran and Trump walks in and voluntarily shakes hands with everybody. Everybody's like blown away. They're still talking about it, two years ago. Trump shook my hand. Incredible. Well, kind of an ordinary act, don't you think? I mean, nobody's mesmerized when you're, I shake their hand, but because he set it up in advance, everybody's mesmerized. So he's in and out there in 10 minutes, taking pictures like, you know, heading for the bus, illegible autograph on ship, everybody's happy, thrilled. Positive word of mouth because he shook their hands. All right, because he set it up in advance, but he don't shake hands. Expectations manage well to turn an ordinary act into an extraordinary act. The importance of the introduction, any speaker will tell you that the results on the stage have an enormous amount to do with who introduces them and what that person says or doesn't say. I can tell you, for example, all the years of the Peter Low events, here's an absolute known for me. If Peter MC the event and introduced me versus his wife MCing the event and introducing me a 10% swing in my dollars per head in sales, no other variable. Same thing said, made a difference who was saying it. Any speaker knows it. Well, you have an introduction one way or another to everything you do. So almost never do you start a seminar the way I started this seminar of walking up and starting the seminar. I don't care if they've been to 500 year seminars, somebody should introduce you. And if you're there to get money, somebody should introduce the introducer who introduces you. And one of them should be given testimony. Introduction matters and those people can manage the expectations of what's going to happen better than you can. So there's a whole science to how happy people are with what they get, how controllable they are and what they assume about what they are getting based on what they are told. Let's talk about appearance.