Yeah. Okay. Let's jump to, this is pretty important, so I can't skip it. Let's go to page 13. The keywords are at the bottom. A lot of your work is done for you before you arrive on a scene or utter a single word because your reputation precedes you. Now this is really important. One way or another the heavy lifting should be done before you quote arrive on a scene. So before they come to you, before you get to them, somehow the heavy lifting ought to be done. The worst thing, I've done it three times in my entire life, twice early and once later but under duress and I was an idiot to do it, is going into a meeting of a bunch of people from a company who don't know you from Adam and you are now there to pitch. Not a place you want to be. Not a place you want to be. So one way or another you've got to have your reputation precede you. That may be the big box of stuff they have to read and listen to, the big thing they got to fill out. It may be the seminar they have to sit through before they're allowed to by coaching, the CDs they have to listen to before they can have a conversation with you, the word of mouth, what other people have said about you, the champion in the company, your book, but you've got to construct a process that has your reputation precede you so all the heavy lifting is done by the time you show up. We'll talk more about the tale but it's important to at least get it conceptually and so let me just jump to 16 because I'll give you an example of now a specific strategy. So this latest consulting gig which Bill and I are doing jointly, its source was a person of influence in the company. So there's a Kennedy fan who begins the process of trying to convince his company that they should come to us and then he gets another guy and they get another guy and then they go up the chain. Eventually at some point now somebody from the company contacts my office. Now here's where are we going to have the reputation precede or are we going to do the heavy lifting right? So what most people do, so let's take Dan Crick's example. Where are you? Okay so last night at the IBA meeting he's because he's starting to be known. He now has somebody called him who wants him to privately coach them and she's a fairly apparently successful and substantial coach in her field and now the very worst thing in the world he can do is talk to her. That's premature because it gives no opportunity for the heavy lifting to be done before he talks to her. The very best thing is he needs an intake procedure with some steps in it so that by the time they do talk to you that's like an accomplishment. And the very process has set up greater emotional commitment, greater desire to get you now that it's been so hard to get you. So we for years have had this sort of intake procedure at my office where they are told go prepare no less than one page, no more than two pages explaining why it is you want to talk to him and what it is you need and what it is you want to do and facts it in here. And then I'll forward it to him and then he'll decide whether or not he's going to talk to you and if he is going to talk to you then I'll be back to you and we'll set up a phone appointment. Well now some people of course will fear the person they're going to lose because they won't go through those steps. But you're better off moving on to the next person if in fact you have enough deal flow than you are trying to do the heavy lifting yourself. So now what happens first of all is the very fact that they now go back and they go through those steps which are weird to them. So from the very beginning I'm changing the way they normally behave and the way they normally get things done.