So I get that, but then I get revealed to me that really, even though I'm in the room with the president, he really doesn't have the authority to actually do anything without buying from this group of franchise owners. Well, quite frankly, I'm immediately pissed off, okay? Because I didn't know that. That is like a new piece of information. And I was like planning on a contract. So I'm now like hot, because I wedged him in, I spent a day with him, and actually this guy can't give me money. So, and I do my best work when I'm hot. I'm serious. My sales from the front of the room were always best, but somebody really pisses me off right before I go do it. So I mean, I'm like aggravated, you know, and I let it be known I'm aggravated, you know? I mean, so I ask whether or not he and his two cohorts that are with him came with their private parts or without their private parts. And I ask it in a not as nice way as I just said it. And they explain it's really not about that. It's corporate structure. And you know, if we don't get these guys to buy in, there's no point and etc., etc. So, you know, I say, okay, I'll think, you know, so what has to happen? Well, we got to put them all in a room and you got to tell them what you just told us, right? So I say, I ain't happy about it, and I'll think about it. So now they leave. And now they start bugging us, you know, to do this. So then I agree to do it for another fee. So they got to pay the day fee. I ain't coming to do a pitch meeting for free. And here's what has to happen before we do the pitch meeting. You're going to do this, you're going to do this, and you're going to do this. And they do this, and they do this, and they do this. Now, by the way, they ain't capable of doing much. So the other reason specifically to write the letter for him is because he's not capable of writing the letter that's going to have the effect that I wanted to have. And by the time I explained to him what I wanted him to do, you know, we'd all be old and gray. And he doesn't even realize what it was, he just sent it. So it is really about just telling them what to do. Great, thanks. Okay. Section two. You are now on page 17. What we sell, as I said, what we don't sell, that everybody thinks we sell, is the top list. We don't actually sell credentials. Because make no mistake, they don't care about credentials. They don't even know what credentials mean. Half of this alphabet soup stuff people put after their name, nobody even knows what the devil had means except the people who were issuing the alphabet soup and the peers who were concerned about the alphabet soup. Nobody checks credentials. Nobody makes any decisions based on credentials. So Charlie's average case size at his dental practice is like 40,000 bucks. A lot of cases are $70,000, $80,000, $90,000. How many patients do you know of in the past, I don't know, three years who've actually gone and called the American Dental Academy or, you know, somehow checked out your, you know, your credentials to do what it is that you do. Anybody verbalize it to you? Yeah. Okay. So that's the big deal. They check them out on the internet. Well, how do you check them out on the internet? You know what's people do? They go look at your own website. That's how they check you out on the internet. Nobody checks. They don't check. So how important is that to them? It's not. They're making that decision totally based on other criteria. Now, the same thing to do, of course, if you're about to spend, say, $80,000 on dentistry, would be to meticulously go get a second opinion and a third opinion, try and find who's the best dentist in the country at this, call five references, call the, that'd be the same thing to do. But if you think anybody's doing it, you're in dreamland. They're not buying expertise. They can't, they can't figure that out either ahead of time. No way to judge it. They're not actually buying services. Nor do you want to sell services and they're not buying even results. That's not what they're paying for. Because for the most part in advance, they can't predict them. They don't believe what you're promising them. At best, they're hoping. And in many cases, keeping them won't have much to do with results either. What they are really buying, what is driving the decision to get into this relationship with you is your confidence, your certainty, and the control you exercise over them from the beginning.