Forced thought, just slowing them down long enough to get them to think. That's a value we provide. Consulting day, a lot of the value clients get out of a consulting day with me is their preparation. The smart ones, some of them say I could have not come. Being forced to do all this preparation was enough. I already got 26 things I found I need to do. I don't need 26 more from you, can we just go to lunch? Forced thought, one of the things about coaching is just forcing them to get out of their business for four hours or eight hours or two days, turn off the cell phone, not be interrupted and bothered all the time, and just think. They won't do it on their own. You can teach them to do that, but they won't do it because you and I won't do it. We all know we should take four hours or all day long. Lock yourself in a room for an hour every morning with no resources, no nothing, and just think about how you could be of greater value and service and interest to your customers. Well, it's a great idea. How many people are going to do it? Nobody. Somebody's got to go lock them in a room, hand them a pad and a pen and tell them you can't come out until you've written down 10 ideas about how to be of greater value and service and interest to your customers. And if I open a door in an hour and you don't have 10 ideas on a pad, I'm slamming a door and locking it for another hour, and eventually you're going to get hungry. Well, see, that's a coaching value that requires no expertise. It requires a pad, a pen, and a key. That's all it requires. But it's of enormous value. Make them defend their ideas. More successful people are, the less people challenge them. So pretty soon, inevitably, they have a whole bunch of people sitting around who agree with everything they think of. No matter how dumb or useless or idiotic it may be, just making them defend their ideas. Because when people around, when everybody around you reinforces your own premises and ideas, that's like how you wind up in Iraq with no plan on what to do with it after you got it. Because you sat in a room with a whole bunch of people who reinforced your original premise and didn't force you to defend it. That's how you wind up there. So just forcing them, it's okay if they defend it and they're right, or they win the argument, or they refuse, but at least you made them think about it and argue it with somebody. Unearthed, ignored opportunities. That's sort of like fresh eyes. Very, very often, you are going to be talking to somebody and they're going to tell you about the thing that's really good. That like leaps out at you. Again, it doesn't require enormous expertise because they'll tell it to you, but they're ignoring it for one reason or another. They either don't like it, or they think it's commonplace and routine, or whatever. But they'll tell it to you, you say, well, hey, wait a minute, tell me more about that thing. David Paul Surbey, I didn't know we were going to find it, but it changes all business because he's talking about his dental practice, and he's got this to him, crummy little thing he does on the side. Yeah, here's my, so I'm asking, my question is, tell me all the ways you get money. Where's the money come from, right? Well, this much from root canals, and this much from this, and this much from, oh yeah. I got this extra 140,000 last year from this thing. What's that thing? Oh, it's this dental assistant school I got, and the staff runs it on Saturdays, and I don't go in, and all I do is run these little classified ads in a newspaper, and I don't do anything with it. And it's a 140,000-dollar net, and the whole practice is making about 150, all them other things. I'm going, let's talk even a little more about this. Tell me, like, more about this, right? Like, if you paid any attention to it, like, could it be 280, and do other dentists know about this, and it happens over and over and over again? People got something in their business, you know, they're not paying attention to, that's actually where all the money is. And you spot it. I see you. To influence the clients, associates, and employees. Speakers get that a lot, by the way, but coaches and consultants can too. Where essentially you're getting paid to say the same thing that the client would say to them, but they'll pay attention to you, they won't pay attention to the client. It's just like, if you babysit somebody's kid, you got no problems, with just a little bit of authority getting a kid to eat vegetables, and then the parent's amazed, because the kid has no vegetables in a year. Why? Because you're not the parent. That's why. So a lot of times your value here is in the influence you have on their people, not necessarily on them. Sometimes you're getting paid to be used, there's value in you being used for political cover.