I mean there's a lot of clients getting things done in their business because this is what Dan said to do. That they would not get done if they couldn't say this is what Dan said to do. So my value to them is them being able to say this is what Dan said to do. My attorney's value to me is being able to put at the bottom of letters I send out, carbon copy, attorney name, law firm. I never send them the carbon copies. I don't want them to do anything. I just want to be able to put carbon copy, a big law firm at the bottom of the letter. That's value to me. I'm happy to give them a retainer for it and then get them to stay out of my way. So for a lot of people value is being able to say well that's what Dan said to do. Well alright, we'll do it. If it was his idea, it had never happened. Well that's value. It doesn't require, okay, validate their own premises and ideas as being right. That's a great value you can deliver. If they happen to be right, you encourage them, you know, to go forward. Sometimes all they need is a little encouragement. Motivation, accountability, we talked about, recognition. This is a big value that we provide. It's easy for you to provide. See everybody, the more successful they are, the more likely it is that they are giving themselves their own gold stars and nobody else is giving them good gold stars. So the real estate agent in Tupelo who manages to stand up and give a speech, everybody tells him how fabulous he was. Trump goes and gives a speech, nobody says hey to him afterwards because he's supposed to be fabulous. But he desperately wants somebody to tell him he was fabulous. And at some point, Tommy probably paid some speech coach $50,000 to watch him and tell him he was fabulous. Tyson, one of the reasons he has no money is he used to have four full time people who walked around behind him and their job was to say you're the man, Mike. That's sort of an extreme version of this. But there's a lot of people looking for somebody to stand around and say you're the man, Mike. We provide them an environment where they get recognition. If it's in a coaching environment, the group gives them recognition. If it's in a consulting environment, they get recognition. My one on one calls. So part of my platinum program, I had 34 people. They all get 20 minutes on the phone with me privately eight months, eight times during the year. By the way, I do them all in one day. And the last few people better be good. But I'd say 25% of those calls are recognition calls. 25% are recognition calls, meaning they're doing well. So they're calling to tell me how well they're doing and what smart thing they did and what success they just had because who else they go to tell. And I got anybody else to tell. So they tell me and I say terrific. Genius. Brilliant. It's like the beer commercial. You have beer commercial with them, two little talking guys with beers that, you know, and the one says we're going to put them in a case and the guy says brilliant. That's what I'm doing. I'm sitting there saying brilliant. Send me a copy of that. I got to see it. The guy gets off the phone, feels great. Who else was going to do that for him? Nobody. One going to get it at home, one going to get it at the office, one going to get it anywhere. Then some of them are accountability calls. They want somebody to ask them, did you do the thing you said you were going to do last month? No. Why didn't you do it? And you all had them alone. So some of them are accountability calls. Hardly any of them are heavy lifting calls. Oh, I got this terrible problem. What are the 412 ways I should fix it? I don't have those calls. A lot of it is this. Connections, putting people together. We're talking about that a little later. So what's important about this list is this is all value. There's only one thing on the whole list that is actually related to expertise, experience, specialized knowledge. Knowing how to do one thing well that they don't know how to do. You only need one thing, by the way. That's all you need. And everybody in here knows how to do something pretty well. The rest of the values have nothing to do with that. And these are the values that will keep people. They may buy because of the last one and a perception of it. But these are what will keep them in the game. Yes. You talked about how unnecessary it is really to have credentials. However, when you do have the credentials, when do you actually include them? Or when would you be really sabotaging by putting your stuff out there? Well, first of all, you misquote me. All right. Okay. And it's an important distinction.