And he won't leave the house and so everybody's got to come to him and He putzes around every morning in with his orchids on his roof in his greenhouse So he absolutely won't see anybody before 11 o'clock and the place could be on fire And he won't come down in his elevator until precisely at 11 o'clock and the world could be sitting there waiting for him He ain't coming down until 11 o'clock He doesn't like to work so he only works when people like forcing to work And they like have to throw money at him and could Joel them and beg him and push him and Proud him and nudge him in order to get him to work and So on one of your pages on my body with it, but it's page 27 there's a block out of a near a wolf book So I read this stuff like in my teens And I'm thinking this guy's got a right Right this this this is exactly the way it ought to be And totally contrary of course to my experience at the time, but I'm thinking this guy's got this is like what you should get to Is and see it always it's amusing to me that like the president of the United States Trek's over to Bosnia and wherever the hell he goes. I never have understood it ever I'm president of the United States Your king of whatever or president of some pissant country and you want to talk to me you're coming to the White House I ain't leaving I'm getting in there four years from now. You can pry me out in between. I ain't going anywhere I'm certainly not flying into some dangerous place where people want to shoot me protestor. Why should I do that? I'm president United States and we give money to everybody so the other reason you're coming to see me is you want money Why should I come see you? Right. I never never have understood it. I mean honest to God. I wouldn't leave for anything I Mean go over to Congress to give a speech screw that Let them all come over here and stand on the lawn. I'll give a speech. I ain't going over there I never did I've never gotten that you know So I read this there are wolf stuff and you it's the same of course book after book after book after book after book after And so people are like putting a hundred thousand dollar checks on the desk and by the way these books were written in the 50s Putting a hundred thousand dollar checks on the desk and he's got to think about it overnight as to whether or not he's going to take it You know and they're all coming to him and I'm thinking that guy's got it right and sounds like implanted in the you know in the brain There's a nonfiction guy very famous detective. There's an autobiography of him. It's great book And the guy's name and it's his real name It's of course so I grow a fat in his name being in a restaurant industry. Could you be better? Right, but I mean be really bad if you were like president of Nutra systems, but But but as a guy in a restaurant field that's good, right? So this guy's name is JJ arms or armists if you pronounce it correctly and what's cool is he has no arms So he has artificial arms with hooks And he's a private detective and he's really famous He's done some big cases Marlon Brando's kidnapping was a case of his and so on and his autobiography is worth reading But the best thing about reading it is And I don't know if he's still in business because it's 10 years ago But if you're going to hire him the conversation has to start with a hundred thousand dollars on the desk and If you don't bring a hundred thousand dollars, there's no point coming. That's how the conversation starts I'm thinking that's good way for conversation to start. That's like a good rule, right? I mean and that's really where my all relationships begin with a paid day of consulting came from Right now I didn't start with the hundred thousand, but that's where I got the concept from I said, okay So why should there be a free lunch? Why should there be a free meeting? Why should there be a free anything? Why don't everything start with somebody putting a check on a desk? Let's start there rather than where most people start and So you're way ahead of where most people start if you just Start there Let's talk about managing expectations next thing jump over to 28 I'm going to show you this is again Benton Bartender son Osborne did the ad so therefore they must be good I'm going to show you for those of you that haven't seen it and for those who have seen it It's fun anyway, but let's take time tonight to show you the episode of the Penn and Teller bullshit show About bottled water And it is a it is a lesson in the power of managing expectations and what people then will accept is true And and or acceptable to them based on expectations