They have zero demonstrated expertise in making themselves famous. None. People get in their coaching groups because they want to get on Oprah. They ain't ever been on Oprah. People get in their coaching groups because they want to get articles written about them in the Wall Street Journal. I don't think they've ever been written about in the Wall Street Journal. Not only does it matter, nobody asks. Remarkable. Ron Ipec, auto repair industry. Sly Gorory, to the best of my knowledge, Ron has never owned an auto repair shop, never managed an auto repair shop, never run an auto repair shop. I don't know if he can repair a car or not, but that's kind of irrelevant. I believe when he started, he was in the windshield repair business. Number one guru to the auto repair industry. Ed O'Keefe, coaching programs in dentistry. A whole bunch of dentists paying at different levels, 10,000 a year, 30,000 a year, 50,000 a year, adding a dentist. Never owned a practice, never ran a practice, never marketed a practice, never drilled a tooth. Presumably the only expertise he has in dentistry is getting a tooth drilled by a dentist. It's like me with chiropractic in dentistry. I can't do either. So there's abundant evidence that it ain't the expertise. How dare you consult and coach people who are more successful than you are? Well, there's a whole bunch of reasons why. Because the value that you deliver has no relationship to and is not governed by the ratio of financial success between you and the client. So for example, the thing most people think about is the one all the way at the bottom, specialized knowledge. And it is legit. So I make a lot more money than my doctor. I make a lot more money than my CPA. I make a lot more money than the guy who's able to fix everything in my house. But that does not mean I am not delighted to give him everything he asks for. And as he knows considerably more, because he can fix the washing machine, I don't know how to fix the washing machine. He will run over and light the pilot light when the wind blows it out. I don't know how to light the pilot light. I don't want to know how to light the pilot light. I have no passing interest in knowing how to light the pilot light as long as he will run over and light the pilot light. And as a piece of knowledge, I do not have that makes him enormously valuable to me, even though he probably makes about $30,000 a year. See, it doesn't matter. That's not what it's about. All these other values have nothing to do with how much you make versus how much they make. Here are all the values. One, fresh eyes. Just because you walk in and see it for the first time. And by that, I don't mean necessarily physically walking in. I mean, that is part of it. So he goes to the restaurant. She sees it for the first time. She's got fresh eyes. He's in it all the time. He's now not seeing all sorts of things he should be seeing. Bad things, good things, he don't see them. Any one of us can walk in and see them. But it doesn't have to be a physical place. It could be their ad. It could be their brochure. It could be their financial statement. It could be their management policies. Whatever area in which you work, you have fresh eyes. They don't. So no matter how smart they are, no matter how successful they are, they become blind even though they can see. And we can walk in and we can see. Why on earth are you doing it this way? Why wouldn't you do it this way? Dumb questions. There's enormous value in asking stupid questions. I mean just dumb, simple questions to force them to think about what they are doing. I like to have in coaching groups, I like to have one dumb one. I like to have one that's like behind everybody else. Because he'll ask questions everybody else forgot. And it forces everybody to think about the basics again.