I have not once today, and probably never, but certainly not today, said it is important to have credentials. I have actually said quite the opposite. It can be useful to have them, but I have never said it is important to have them. I said what is important to have is a carefully constructed reputation. There is a world of difference between the two. We are not just playing semantics. It is really important not to be in that trap of credentials, but it is important to construct a reputation. Then all the evidence you have that supports the reputation, put it out there, you can't overdo it. So if you have got 420 articles that have been published somewhere, send 420 articles. Don't send 42. If you have 500 testimonials, send all five out of them. Don't send 50. You might want to highlight 50. You might want it. So you put it all out there, but it is more about your constructed reputation than it is, did you go to Harvard, not go to Harvard, did you get an MBA, not get an MBA? Are you a member of this, that or the other thing, or not a member of this, that or the other thing? Those are credentials. So if you have those though, by coincidence, do you include them? Sure. Yeah, there are no harm, no foul at worst. And at best they may be reassuring to somebody. Because I noticed that there is chiropractors, for example, who are coaches, who will put doctors so and so on there, which has nothing to do with business, but they are a doctor of chiropractors. Well, if they are coaching other chiropractors, then it's not essential, but it's helpful because they are a clannish group. What that panders to is my business is different, so you can't understand my business unless you're one of me. So Charlie panders to it. By the way, this leads to another conversation of use whatever you got. So yeah, so he happens to be a successful dentist. So if we're pitching him to other dentists, we're saying who you want as a coach, some marketing guy who's never drilled a tooth, or a highly successful dentist who knows your experience, who do you believe in? If I'm pitching Ed O'Keefe, I'm going who do you want as a coach, some dentist just like you who's just as stupid as you are, who's just been in the same incestuous environment you've been in all your life, or you want somebody with broad based marketing knowledge who's made people's experience. So you use what you got. Thank you. Okay. I was going to show you just a couple of, these are interesting examples of what people will pay for. This is, I've lost her first name, her last name is Shaheen, she's president of a company. Her clients are CEOs who sneak her in. So testimonials are probably a problem to teach them how to use their laptops because they don't want to admit to anybody around them that they don't know how to turn the damn thing on, but they've finally reached a point where they need to be able to use it. So all our business is word of mouth just from one to the other, and she is a tech therapist who helps frightened and dysfunctional CEOs establish a positive relationship with their laptops. Now, unfortunately, she's billing herself out at 300 bucks an hour and thinking she's doing something. Little does she know what we know that she could be just as easily collecting a $30,000 check for a program of tech therapy. What's useful and important about it all, oh here it is, I got it right on the other side, her name's Jennifer Shaheen, e-business creations, which her main business was a normal tech training firm, and then she got into this thing on the side and now it's the bigger business. So they bring her in to teach them how to get them comfortable with their cell phones and their laptops because they don't like them and they can't use them and they hate them and they can't go ask anybody because they can't admit they don't know how to use them. The point is there's somebody to buy everything.