So that when you finally prescribe, okay, here's what you should have, and here's the fee for it. There are no questions. That's really what should happen. What should happen is, what should not happen is, well, can I take this out and this out, and then how much would it be? That shouldn't happen. It should be you prescribed it, here's the fee, and they say yes. That's what should happen. And that has everything to do with confidence, certainty, and control, and it has almost nothing to do with everything else. Which brain surgeon do you want? The guy who says to you, well, chances of success here, very hard to predict. I don't claim to be the best brain surgeon in the country. I work real hard at it. I study real hard. I kind of like the look of your x-rays, and I'll get you the best outcome I possibly can. Or you want the guy who says, you came to the right place. You could have gone to 500 hospitals. You could have, you're in the best hands possible. Relax. I'm going to drill your head open and have you as good as new by nine o'clock tomorrow morning. You'll play the piano again. I'm a young man, but I never played to be. You'll play the piano. Which brain surgeon do you want? Now logically, here's what most people will tell you. Well, I want the guy who will tell me the truth. But that ain't who they buy from. No. They want the guy who is certain. Who is certain. There's an entire industry in this country that sells sports picks. So you pay money and they tell you who to bet on. They can't get you on the phone and analyze the upcoming game. Well, this could happen. That could happen. If it snows, that gives a four point advantage to these guys. And what's all said and done, who's going to win the game? I don't know. No. They got to say Virginia Tech's going to win the game and they're going to win by four and a half points, including a field goal in the last two minutes. Give me $5,000. Now, by the way, the good news is the retention of that client has very little to do with whether Virginia Tech wins the game or wins the game by four and a half points or wins a field goal in the last quarter or the first quarter. It has very little to do with that. You would think it has a lot to do with that, but it doesn't have much to do with that. But it starts with they want certain things. Here's how coaches and consultants then create self-sabotage. Number one, excessive concern or actually any concern over your credentials or your educational background. So there's a whole bunch of people in our field all hung up because they don't have an MBA or they didn't go to college or they didn't go to high school or they barely got out of high school or it took them four times to pass the GED or whatever. That may get effortless. Nobody cares except you. Nobody. And nobody's going to ask you. As long as you look like you got out and you act like you got out and you talk like you got out, nobody cares. A lot of people are all concerned about it over your experience or your lack thereof. Because coaching and consulting is more about asking questions and giving answers and it is far more about common sense than it is about anything else, you got all the experience you need because you got common sense. And because all businesses are the same, by the way, and they are not different, you don't have to know squat about the particular business that you are helping in order to be of enormous help. Because most of the help you will be will be by asking questions, not by giving answers and by dispensing common sense. Very simple observation. So I don't know what happened and it's not even relevant what's happened but through a series of events, really before we're ready, Sidney Biddlebarrow, so I'm developing a new consulting and coaching business with. Sidney raise your hands so everybody knows where you are. So the guy in New York that owns more restaurants in New York than anybody else, really, really successful restaurateur, has a property, a big theme restaurant that he's put a lot of money in and it's got problems.