I wanted to introduce our next speaker. He's become a really good friend over the last decade or so. In fact, the first time I met him was in an event like this. He had just written a book and I was just trying to learn this marketing nerdy thing and we met each other and then over the last decade or so we had a chance to bump into each other a bunch of times. Recently, he was in a little small mastermind group I'm part of. It's Dean Grosyos, mastermind group. I pay $100,000 a year to be part of. Brendan came that day and he shared a funnel. If you guys know Brendan, he's not typically like a... Oh yeah, they know who you are. He's not typically like a guy who's teaching marketing and sales. He teaches personal development and high performance and a bunch of other amazing things. But he was on stage and he showed this funnel structure. It's called the seven day launch funnel. He's gonna show you guys here. I remember sitting there and I was like, the first few minutes I'm sitting there, you know, like, I'm the funnel guy. I know every funnel ever made on planet earth. About three minutes in I started twitching. I'm like, oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. I'm taking my notes back. Dave's in the room and we're freaking out. We're sitting across and we're like, and it was amazing. And we like mapped out. He showed the whole funnel and mapped it out and it was insane. And then we went back like a month later and we actually launched our very first and only so far seven day funnel, which hit two comic clubs in less than three days. And Brendan's really never shared this with hardly anybody, definitely not to an audience this size ever. And so I asked him if he wanted to come speak at funnel hacking live. He was like, yeah, I love doing my high performance stuff. I'm like, that's cool. I want you to do that. But I also want you to share that funnel because my people love like we're funnel nerds. We want to see the funnel too. And so he agreed to come today and talk about the funnel and then tomorrow he's coming back to give you guys an amazing presentation, a high performance and how to increase everything you guys are doing. So I'm excited for his presentation tomorrow as well. Okay. Got one other cool thing before we introduce him. So yesterday, Brendan's podcast hit the number one podcast business podcast in the world on iTunes. Have you guys saw that? Okay. Right now it's averaging over a hundred thousand downloads per episode. How many of us want to be on that podcast? How many of us would do almost anything to be on that podcast? Okay. So I was talking to him backstage and he said, hey, Russell, I want you to be on the podcast. I want to interview and you have over a hundred thousand people here. That's really cool. He said, do you want to bring anyone from your audience on the podcast? Can you interview one of the funnel hackers as well? I was like, that'd be amazing. He said, how are we going to pick the right person? I said, I know exactly how to do it. I said, I want to make sure this is somebody who cares a lot about other people. Somebody's got a business. It's got to be the right person. But I said, what if we did this? As you guys know, we have a silent auction for my mom's quilt in the back room. And so far it's been going up. It's been steadily growing, but I want to put a bounty on this. Whoever wins the quilt that my mom created for OUR, all the money will go to OUR. Whoever wins that quilt, I will bring you on the podcast interview with me. You have a chance to be interviewed with me and Brendan on his podcast and get down to over a hundred thousand people. So there's the bounty. Yeah. Hook story offer. All right. I practice what I preach every single day. All right. Okay. With that said, you guys, I'm so excited to have Brendan here. I've been a friend for over a decade, someone who I admire, who I respect. So excited to have him speaking not only today, but also tomorrow. But to queue this up, for those who don't know him, I want to get the energy high. So we're going to show a really quick video, kind of introduce you guys to Brendan really quick for those who don't know him. When it is done, I need you guys to stand up and go insane and go crazy because he told me, if people don't go crazy, I'm not coming back tomorrow. So I need you guys to help. Don't embarrass me in front of him. Please. I need you guys to go insane, stand up, scream like crazy to make sure he comes out the right ways. That sound good? All right. With that said, let's queue up the video. One of my good friends and one of the most talented people I know, Brendan Beshard, he's one of the most successful coaches in the world today. Brendan is a New York Times bestselling author whose videos have been viewed over a hundred million times online. He consults and coaches people like Oberwinfel, Ariana Huffinger, Usher, and many, many more. He is the top 100 most followed public figures on Facebook with over 10 million fans. Two million students, myself, they wanted them and they, some of you as well, have taken one of his online courses. And there are tens of thousands of people who have attended his live seminars all around the world. He's smart, thoughtful, he's funny, he's authentic, he's truthful, and he's one of the best that he does that he's busy with. And it is my honor and pleasure to introduce to you Mr. Brendan Beshard. Good morning. Good morning. Oh my God, what a blessing it is to be here. Who's already met somebody awesome at this event? It's such an honor to be here and the magic we're going to make together today and tomorrow happens because of you. So do me a favor, turn the person to your left or your right, grab their shoulders, shake them, and thank them for being here. Go! So Russell told me don't come out and be motivating. He's like, no, these guys are serious funnel builders, Brendan, just give us your funnel, man. I was like, okay, I'll do it. Full disclaimers. I've never taught this to any audience more than like 50 people ever. We did $2.6 million with it last month alone. We've done that 12 times, I think. And what's cool about being here and the reason I said yes is I don't get to talk about this stuff. If you know my work, I'm the personal development guy. I write the book, Six New York Times Best Sellers with your guys to support. I'm the podcast, podcast has six years in the top 20 podcasts in the health category. 20, what is it? No, a quarter billion video views of my personal development training, 2 million online students, but here's what people don't know. I build all of those funnels myself. Here's what people, I literally know one knows this unless you've been like experts academy or something like that. No one knows that I still code the pages. I still draw it all out. It's not like I draw it out and then I give it to a team. I draw it out and then I sit in front of that damn thing obsessed until I build each and every page. I test it five times. I obsess, I freak out about it, I run it and I put it on Evergreen and I've had Evergreen funnels running since 2008. And every one of those funnels I personally built have now generated the ones that I built, $50 million. So I know. Now, I'm going to admit something right up front to you guys. I'm coming in like a hot mess right here. You know, last night my bags didn't get here and Melanie was nice to take me in her room and I said, you know, I can't just wear jeans and like a jacket and she's like, yeah, yeah, yeah, I said, you know, sometimes I wear suits at most of these things. She's just, no, you don't need to do that. Don't wear a suit. No one else is wearing a suit. But my other bag didn't get here. We had my casual clothes in it. And then I realized last night I was like, oh, I'm also not prepared for the situation we're in right now, which is with your help, HPX podcast, which he mentioned is like literally right now the number one business podcast in the world. And this is not false humility because he I told him last time I told him backstage, we didn't mean to do that yet. The campaign doesn't start for two weeks. I rolled out three number one podcasts. And when I say number one, I mean it hit number one across all categories. And I'm not bragging here. The reason I'm telling you that is because we rolled out this podcast. The campaign doesn't start for two weeks. So how did it become number one? And that's why I'm here today to talk with you about the seven day live launch. I deeply believe that the reason that hit number one was we had all this momentum coming in from the last 60 days of live launches that that built such a community that when we hit the engage list from those seven day live launches, they were just like the most ardent, amazing fans we have. So what I'm telling you here today is not like theoretical. It like it led to better results than we even measure. I didn't even expect it. So I'll tell you all about it and literally just bust out your journals coming out. We'll draw it out. We'll talk it through. I only have like 30 some minutes to do it today, but I want to make sure I give it as much as I can to you. And I also want for those who don't know me, you're like, do you always clap that bad? Yes. That was my best clapping. I was trying to clap on beat because you guys are so loud. A friend of mine who's big in the industry, many guys know actually he's been here before. He did this thing I heard back in the 80s and 90s when his seminar room started getting big. He would have an assistant standing in the back of the room and she would have two flashlights and she'd be in the back of the room because up here it's hard to see y'all. And so she'd be in the back room with two flashlights hitting the flashlights on beat for him. So I started, I did that like six years ago when I started like rocking at my own events. I'd look back and I'm like, trying to hit them beats. Everyone says, buddy, you have the same walk on song at all the events that you do. I go, that's the only song I can hit the beat on. Oh my God. For those who don't know me, I'll tell you most of my stories tomorrow if that's okay. Because I really want to focus on the funnel, but the gist of it is 22 years ago, I was in a car accident and at that point in my life, I had been suicidal. I had been through a breakup with the first girl I ever loved. We were like high school sweethearts and then we went to college together and then at college, things were going good, but about halfway through the year, she discovered beer and another boy on the same night and cheated. And I don't know if you've ever been in one of those relationships where your whole life is tied up into the relationship and then the relationship falls apart and then you fall apart. And so that happened as a 19 year old kid. I'll tell you the story tomorrow, but I was in an accident shortly after and the months preceding the accident, I had been depressed and suicidal, not thinking about it but planning it and then I had the accident and it just changed everything for me because it made me have real reverence for life and the preciousness of life and surviving something that left. It just made me look at my life and realize that at the end of our lives, if we have a moment of cognition, we wonder whether or not we really lived our life and whether or not we really loved and whether or not we made our difference. That's my tagline, it's always been live, love, matter. Because at the end of my first experience facing my own mortality, I knew that. And so even though I'm here to teach marketing today, I have a personal commitment to myself to challenge every audience that I talk with and that's simply this. If you don't know the questions you're going to ask at the end of your life to evaluate whether or not you're happy with the way that you had lived your life, if you don't know how you're going to sit there and think about how you lived your life and what questions you'll ask to know if you're happy, then just don't fool yourself into thinking you're living on purpose yet. That's all. Now sometimes you need an accident or you need somebody who you lose somebody or something happens in your life and then you discover the value of second chances. But in a room like this, I mean raise your hand if you've ever had a second chance in your life. Like look around the room. Stand up if you had a second chance, like a real second chance in a room. We look around this room. Give these folks a round of applause. Would you do that? That's amazing. That's like 25% of this audience from, yeah, that was like 25% of this audience. And so you think about it for just a second. Is that how many of you have ever woken up and you realized your life wasn't what you wanted it to be? And you wake up there, that was the second chance hinting at you. Maybe you didn't call it a second chance. But my gift and what I've always wanted to give people is to say very simply, hey, every morning, that's a second chance. You get to wake up today, who you're going to be, how are you going to show up, how are you going to treat your kids, your family, what are you going to do with your life, what are you going to give your life into, because who else knows life is way short. Way short. So it matters what you do. It matters how you show up. It matters how you feel. It matters how much joy you take from what you're doing, but how much joy you bring into things. And so I learned at the end of my life, I will ask, did I live? Did I love? Did I matter? Every night for 23 years, I go to bed, I ask the questions, and it's not like every night, I'm like, yes, I'm awesome. It's like, there's plenty of nights, I'm disappointed or I'm discouraged or I, you know, we have all the same days. But the nights I can say yes to my questions, those are the nights I sleep the best. So my only encouragement to every audience I ever speak to, it's just simple. Figure out the questions you're going to ask at the end of your life. Wake up, live your life intentionally this day so you might be happy with the answers at the end. Is that cool? All right. Thank you guys for being here. That's it. That's my personal commitment. You all got a second chance. And somebody standing up is really heartwarming to me because once I had my second chance, now I had to decide what I want to do with it. Well, I knew I wanted to tell people that you got to figure out your questions at the end of your life. Now I had to figure out marketing. How do I take a car accident story and hopefully inspire the world with it? Which was a lofty goal from a kid from Montana. I'll tell you my story tomorrow, but I didn't grow up with any silver spoon in my mouth. What's up, man? Like many of you had a really tough upbringing and I had to figure out how I'm going to make my difference. And I had to figure out how do I do this marketing thing? I wanted to write a book. So I wrote this book called Life's Golden Ticket and it didn't do as good as I wanted it to do because I didn't know marketing yet. And that was my other second chance. Having a failure of a first thing. Who's ever gotten pissed off to do better marketing? Like you had something so good and it bombed. Thank God for that, right? Can I get an amen on a Friday? I mean, thank God you bombed it that because if you didn't, you wouldn't have figured out marketing. So I figured out marketing in 2007. I kind of invented that free book plus shipping model. I was the first person with a major book deal to do it. I did it right after I invented the internet. I should get a credit for that. I don't know if I invented it. I think I'm the first one who did it and put a book on the New York Times best dollar list. What I learned was there's different ways to do marketing that really work. Okay, that was 2007. First funnel up in 2008. Multi-millionaire by the end of that year. And then it was just like, wham! You know? And now, you know, two million people have paid for and graduated our courses online. So it's, you know, it's big business. So I've been looking back though and trying to figure out what's the best things that work now. Because I had a problem in my life, which some of you can relate with, especially after you leave here, how many of you are confused by the number of promotions and campaigns you already have to do? That's it? Wow, he's trained you well. Any other hot messes in the room? I'm a hot mess. No? Okay, damn, you guys got to figure it out. Well, I had a particular problem. I had a seven day window in the calendar. Nothing was scheduled. We hadn't done a promotion or a launch. Evergreen's running fine. But I looked forward and I said, I got seven days open in this calendar. And about 21 days later, I had my dream house was about to close. And I said, those seven days, we should make money during those seven days. Who's ever had seven days you needed to make some money? And I was like, okay, Brandon, you're smart. What's the best things you've ever done to make money? And what would you do if you only had seven days? That's it from start to finish. What would you do in seven? And now many of you guys know there's lots of things you could do. You could run a webinar, you could do an email series, you could do an application run. You could do tons of things. I was like, okay, what would I do in seven days? Back then, going live was becoming a bigger and bigger deal. We did the third on the planet. We did the third million dollar live launch, the third one. You two did the first one. Okay, when they ran there, I thought it was cool, but no, okay. If you're a dork from Montana, getting to say you two in the presentation, just, you know, okay, so what happened? Live was big. And I was like, okay, live is big. How would I take live and mash up everything that I know about running successful campaigns? What specifically would I do? And that invented the seven day live launch. I'm going to show it to you all here on slides. Can you all see my slides? Raise your hand if you can see my slides. Can you put those guys up for me? Great, thank you. Okay, I'm going to give you the summary. Write the summary down. If you don't get the summary, you're screwed the rest of the next 30 minutes. So let's just get on the same page together. Here's what the seven day live launch is. First, you're going to pick what the heck you want to sell. Okay, this is what we're going to call your main product. Okay, your main product. I just need you to have what's called a flagship product. What is your thing? I've done productivity courses, personal development courses. I've done marketing courses, business courses, and I haven't, and lots of our friends have done things that weren't just a course. They've demonstrated products and done other things. For the ease of my whatever minutes here with you, let's call it a main product. I'll use my example of a course that we did. So as an example, Denise and I, Denise is my wife for those who haven't been following me for a little while. Denise is my wife, and we were going to launch a new thing called transformation week and a new thing called productivity masterclass. My main thing that was called productivity masterclass. It's a $300 course. So I was wanting to sell a $300 course. That's the objective, the main product. The second thing I need you to do is then go live on the internet. We're going to talk about how to do that in a minute. I want you to go live, and for three days, you are just teaching your face off. You are teaching for three days live, but you are not selling your main product. You are not selling the main product. What you're doing is you're teaching a related topic or idea for three days. So let me give you an example. I want to launch a productivity class. That's the main product that I'm going to be selling. But I don't want to teach productivity for the three days. I want to teach something very related and similar so that productivity becomes an easy sell. So I teach motivation for three days or focus for three days or relationships or influence or whatever for three days. Now I go live on a specific page that's branded to me, and on that page where I'm going live and you can go live through YouTube live, we feed in through Ustream and Wirecast or our tools that we do. Ustream and Wirecast. I'm not sponsored by them. It's just what we use. We feed in on this page. We're live, and down below we have a chat role. Okay? A chat role. We're going to talk more about this in a minute. That way when I'm live, everybody's watching like, oh my God, they're engaging. They're talking. They're asking questions. The first thing that surprises is it's super interactive, community building, equal parts content teaching, equal parts community building. Raise your hand if you're with me so far. Okay, good. Then, oh, there it is. You'll go live for three days teaching a related topic. Third, at the very end of the seven days, you're going to be offering your filmed product for free if they purchase the main product. So remember my main product is productivity, but I filmed over those three days when I went live, I was talking about motivation. At the end, for those funnel hackers in the room who've done your stuff, you know, it's just that's called a bundled offer. I'm smashing two things together if they buy it. Right? That's it. That's the basics of a seven day live launch. There's tons of nuance, which I'll walk you through, but that's the basics of it. Once you get that, it's super easy to explain. That's all you got to know. If you know that, now the nuance is what makes the million dollar campaign. Cool? Who's stoked to be at funnel hacking right now? I'm pumped. Okay. Now, we'll make it visual for you. We'll break it down. Here's what we're going to do. I'm going to like graph it out for you guys. Okay? Day one is your announcement of the training. Now, remember, I only have seven days in my life in this particular promotion. So we're going to announce it. Here's what the announcement sounds like. Okay? I'm just going to literally just speak it out to you guys off the top of my head. Here's what it sound like. Hey, guys, as you know, I'm deeply passionate about the topic of motivation, but most people really struggle with it and it's impacting their finances, their connection with their spouse, their health, their ability and joy, a really good life. And everybody knows motivation is supposed to be so easy, but why do you feel like crap right now and why are you reading this email instead of getting things done? So I've decided since I've built my expertise on this for the next three days, I'm going to go live every day for you guys and just train on this. It's going to be a full on training. And I want to let you know later on, I'm going to sell what I film while I'm going live with you. I'm going to sell it, but since you're on my list, you're in my tribe, you're in my community, you get to watch it for free. Now here's the schedule down below guys. Day one, 8am, here's what I'm teaching. And I give them the whole agenda. You must write it down. You must pre-announce the agenda if you want the engagement in your days. Now many of you know, could you be running ads and getting opt-ins for months leading up to these seven days? Yes. I only had seven days, so I was just going to execute, but you could do a full opt-in campaign, get a bunch of people registered. But the most important part that everyone forgets, you must release the full agenda. And when I say agenda, I would literally say, 8am, I'm teaching this. 8.30, I'm teaching that. 9, I'm teaching this. And for me, I tend to go live between two hours and six hours. Now for those who feel like that's crazy, don't worry, it's not me the whole time. Sometimes we run B-roll during that time so that I can talk to them, have the team run B-roll. If you don't know what that means, it means they can splice in another video. So it doesn't have to be me. They splice in another video. It's all airing live, but they splice in another video so I can go to the bathroom. Then I come back. That's the only reason I invented B-roll for that. So I could go to the bathroom and get some food. But I'll go two to six hours streaming live. So when I'm saying live to you, Advanced Marketers, I'm not saying live like a social media person just on Instagram or just on Facebook live. I'm like doing broadcast quality with a DSLR camera, going through you streamer YouTube and putting it on a page. Putting it on a page. Now, tons of my best clients have done this with just social media. With just social media. But if you really want to see the big numbers, all of you know you need to get that email. All of you know you need to build your page. All of you know you need to control their eyeballs. That's why you build the funnel pages in the first place. When you have that page, it just works better. So we do that. Preannounce it. Make it a big thing. Get people excited about it. Right? That's the big thing. And then for the next three days, you're going live. That's what you're doing. And you're filming the whole thing. Now let me show you kind of what it looks like. At the top of my mind anyway. Okay. Let's pretend I'm about to go live. Here's how it happens. We call it front of house. And then we call it back of house. Okay. And let me give you an example. When you're in front, so that means the camera's here, you get closer to the camera away from the flip chart or your TV or before you throw the webinar and you let the audience in on the thing. You let them in on it. Everyone loves the behind the scenes. If you're not putting behind the scenes in all of your campaigns, you have not started marketing in the year 2016. You got to put behind this one guy. He's like, that's me. Everyone else is like, you got to put behind the scenes in all of your campaigns. Otherwise you just leave in money and community on the table. So the behind the scenes look like this. I'm front of camera. So I look right in the camera and go, hey guys, welcome to my three days of training on motivation. I'm super pumped that you'll be here. I'm Brett Embershard. And here's what's going to happen in a few minutes. I'm going to step back to that flip chart right there. And I'm going to teach a full three day online course on the topic of motivation. It's going to be very advanced, very tactical. Make sure you have your journals and get ready. For three days, I'm going to be here. Now on this page, there's a button you can see where you can download the whole agenda and be with me for the next three days, which I think you want to do for two reasons. One I'm doing this live right now, but when I step back there guys in a minute and I go live, we're going to record that. And I'm going to sell that later for a couple hundred dollars. But because you're in my community with me right now, you get to watch it for free. So hang out. Take the question. You really participate. Down below, you can also ask questions. That's the second reason you want to be here. There's a chat roll down below this video. I want you to ask all your questions because between there and here, I'll come out and I'll take your questions and tell you what, if I answer your question, I'll also give you and I throw in a gift. I'll give you a hoodie. I'll give you an all expense paid trip to one of my seminars. You got to incentivize the chat roll engagement. Raise your hand if you follow so far. Okay. So I'm telling that that's all front of house. That's all front. And then I just get to it. Okay. You guys ready? Now tell you what, when I step back there and I teach, a lot of people will be joining live and they're not going to be know what's going on. They'll be like, what's happening here? So guys, would you be a favorite? Just explain it to them. If you see them in the chat roll and they're asking, just like, oh, well, he's teaching and he's going to sell that later, but we're here. We get free. Just explain it to them. So I don't have to do that. Okay. Okay. Great. Now guys, here we go. And then I step back to back of house and then I pretend like none of that happened. And I'm really filming a real course. So now I say, Hey guys, welcome to the motivation master's class. I'm Brendan Bershard. I'm really excited to walk you through how can you be more motivated for your family, for your business, for your health, but actually make that motivation stick and last. So you reach that next level of success in your life. In this first module, I'm going to teach and I just start teaching. And I might teach just depending on how long that course and what I wanted to be 20 minutes, 30 minutes, an hour, whatever it is. But as I'm teaching every once in a while, I go back front of house and go, Hey guys, I hope you're really enjoying this. If you just tuned in, I'm filming this course over here. I'm going to sell for a couple hundred bucks. You guys are my community. If you ended up on this page, you get to watch me film this entire course for free for the next three days. I'm pumped that you're here. Please engage down below. Now let's see. Oh, okay. Sarah's got a question about her husband. Okay. And I'll read the question. I'll answer it to Sarah. I say, Sarah, just for asking the question, we're going to give you one of my tickets to one of my thousand dollars, seven dollars. My audience, my staff will reach out to you and get you all the details. And I'll do a couple of those. And then if I feel tired, I might be at front of house. I'll say, Hey guys, I've got this related video that really helps you go deep. So we're going to play that video. We're still here live. We'll play that video. I really want you to take notes on it and then I'll be back to take some more questions, give away some more gifts and then I'll step back and teach some more. Team roll that video. Raise your hand if you follow. This goes on for three days. Now people, I want you to know for those who are like, Oh my God, I would never do that. People have done this for 15 minutes a day. People have done this for 10 minutes a day. People have done it for the whole day, seven hours. You do what's appropriate for you. You just have to know what you want to teach and prepare and know that little difference, the front of house behind the scenes with the audience, then the back of house teaching the thing. You get that right. They won't stop watching. They won't stop. They'll tell all their friends. You got to have your social share things on the page. You got to have your special hashtag. You got to be enrolling community like you guys already know. And they are freaked out, pumped about this. And every day, anyone who opted in or who's on your list, you're just sending them. Okay, today, here's what I'll be covering and give them that agenda again. The agenda is everything. So you got to use your great marketing skills to write great titles. So they're like, I got to watch Brendon when he teaches that thing. Oh my God. So they get excited about it and you film the whole thing. So that's going to be called what we call our filmed product. Very simple. Our filmed product. Now after we've gone live for day three, everyone's going, Brendon, especially Russell, when can I sell? Okay. Here's when you can start selling. I wait until day three. I think Russell did day two, but towards the end of day two or the end of day three, you just reveal it all. You say, okay, if you guys have been really loving this course you've been seeing me film over here. Tell you what, I'll give it to you free because we have a special promotion going on right now for one of my courses called the productivity masterclass. The productivity masterclass will give you these benefits and these outcomes and tell you what, if you buy it, I'll just throw in all of the recordings, brand new worksheets, full transcripts and the audios of what I've been teaching here throughout the three days. There's a button down below. Go ahead and click it if you'd like this. So you do that. Some people do it on day two, some people do it on day three. From most of the data that I've seen, it works differently based on your tiering of pricing on which day. If you're going to sell something that's below what we call mid-tier pricing, low-tier pricing is any pricing from zero to 300 bucks, right? That might be low tier. Mid-tier is 297 to 800 bucks. High tier 800 bucks and more. We've seen if you're selling anything below or in that low tier, have at it. Announce your sale on day two. It's not a threatening sale. It's not that much. If you are selling something higher, weight a bit more in this process. That's what we have so far from probably about $19, $20 million of sales doing these. And not just me. Now the fun part, the rest of the part, you bundle your offer. That's what you're doing on day four. You send it out in an email and you tell everybody who's been registered or watching. You announce it on your livecast. You say, hey, listen, guys, so many people have been watching this, but they've been saying, Brendan, I missed this section or I didn't see that or how do I get the recordings? You guys have been so awesome. I just decided I'm just going to give away everything I've been doing for free because we have a special right now on our productivity masterclass. That's our main product. We have a special on our main product. If you buy the main product, you'll get this course, the one you just saw me film for free. Plus you'll get these other bonuses that we're going to throw in. But you all have been participating in this community so hot and excited. Here's the deal. You have to buy it by the end of the deadline, which is in three days. So you announce the deadline and that's that last piece, right? You give that 48 hour, 24 hour, last call, stomp down email sequence they call it, right? So you let them know, okay? The last chance to get this. Last chance to get this. Now, why does this work? One, very few people have the guts, the expertise, the heart, the determination, the preparation to go live more than 20 minutes. But people who want to make the money will do it. Right? Russell didn't need to do this, but he was so pumped. He's like, dude, I'm going to do this. I'm like, great, man, tell me how it goes. And then he goes, I get a text from one day, he goes, we did seven figures with your seven day and we did it completely wrong. And it still worked. You should teach how to do it wrong too. I'm like, people will figure that part out. So it's 48 hours stomp down sequence and then it's just done. That's it. Here's why it's awesome. How many people are busy in this room? You know what you just did? You just created a product while promoting the other one. Now you have two separate things to sell. That filmed product that I did on the very first one ever. Just the film product by itself on Evergreen running has probably done nearly $3 million in the last three or four years. Just running that. Something I filmed while I was there live anyway. So many of you are going live and not recording it and bundling it and selling it. I'm like, that's your time away from your frigging family. Record that and sell it. If you're going to spend the time to go live, repurpose that sucker. That's what you got to do. Repurpose it. Make it helpful. So we do that. Now, yeah, right? Man, how many of you family time really counts? I'm like, if I'm going to the studio to go live for people, I'm not going to do a free live webinar and not think of how I'm going to repackage that, repurpose that, bundle that up. Because you know what? I always tell people, excellence really only takes two extra days of planning. Excellence only takes two extra days of planning. If you'll step back and ask strategically, where can I go? What can I do with this? Man, things start happening in your life, but somebody's jump in. You know, we don't think about it. I want to say I was also guilty of that because the first seven day live launch, I stopped there. It ended. We were rich. We bought the house. I was like, we're good. And then I took a step back and I'm like, okay, what could we have done to make this sucker better? A couple of things we did the second time. We ran a bunch of ads for opt-ins. So we got more registrations for it when we executed the seven day live launch. That was number one. Number two, we ran ads every day of the campaign right over to the free pages when I was live. So I did a video for Facebook and for YouTube. We ran ads. We got them to click, come over to the page. So we knew they hit the page. We could retarget them. And then we did number three, the stomp down ad sequence, which many of you guys aren't doing because I see your campaigns, which means in your last 72 hours of a campaign, you should run ads that literally says, hey, 72 hours left. The next day, hey, people, please, I need a house 48 hours. I'm teasing. 48 hours left. Then the last day, hey, every day of your last three days of every campaign for the rest of your life, you should be running ads to that page to build that social engagement, that social excitement as well. It really helps. We added that piece. And that's how it all kind of came together. But then I also, being a funnel builder, I was like, wow, what should we do with these people after? And that's what became that last part up there, that day eight through 30. Oh my gosh. Let me tell you guys what to do. I don't have a drawing or schematic of it. This fancy here, but I'll tell you what to do. It's really simple. After that, run a webinar. Okay. I'll write this down for you guys. After that, run a webinar to everybody who was there who did not yet buy. Okay. So you do a seven day live launch. And then what we did for those who did not buy, here's what we do. Bam. We run a webinar. Hands down. You want to do a mid tier price point that is anywhere from that 97 to 297 mark. Okay. Is this way too geeky for you guys to sit with me? I know. I don't usually teach this stuff. So I'm trying to say, are you here? Say I'm here. Okay. Okay. Thank you. So you run a webinar. Okay. Run that webinar. And with that webinar, also add your 72 hour deadline for those folks. Then if they still didn't buy, I want you to take them. If they still didn't buy, I want you to take them through. This is important. Take them through. Once that webinar sequence, some of you guys will do that webinar sequence in three days, six days, 10 days. It depends on how, you know, built out your webinar funnel is. I really highly recommend you just do Russell's thing. Like he's got the webinar thing figured out for you guys and click funnels. It's super awesome. Use it. Do that. The non buyers though, then this is what really took us into this was what was crazy for us. We took everybody into an application campaign. That application campaign. Dead in 30 days at the end of that 30 days. Meaning last called to apply is 30 days. So with that seven days at the end of that 30 days. So in other words, the end of the month. So if this is starts on the first of the month and it ends as I told you, like at the end of seven days, then take them into webinar and then an application process where the webinar does what Russell teaches you to just do that. Okay. The application process is highlighting your success stories, the people who work with you and sell your highest premium thing, right? Whether that's a mastermind at 5,000, 10,000, 15,000, 20,000 dollars, whether it's a coaching program, I sell my coaching certification program for people around the world who want to be a high performance coach. We certify all of them. That's us. So we kind of like build that process in and that's what took our very first one when we cracked seven figures. But it was barely, I was telling Russell, I was like, it wasn't as big. Everyone, you know how marketers are. They're like, Brendon did a $40 million launch. It's like, no, that first one barely cracked it. Barely cracked a million, right? Oh. You'll hear it tomorrow why that's so funny. And then, but then that application took it to 2.6 million. So from one to 2.6, just adding in the webinar, which we found the webinar didn't super convert. And we've done enough of these. It doesn't super convert. But when we drop in an application process, now full disclaimers, my clients have done this way better than I have. And I've learned a lot from my mic. Why haven't I done a better application process after this thing? But those are the numbers. That's the thing that really can change your life. And listen, it started with, I just had seven days. So I had to figure out the best marketing techniques. So some of you are like, I am never going to do that, Brendon. Thanks. Can't wait to see your presentation tomorrow. Heard it's funny and amazing and wonderful. But I'm never going to do it. So here's what I have to tell you. Listen to the components of what works today. You got to go live in your campaigns. You got to do behind the scenes in your campaigns. You need to have active chat role engagement, comment engagement that's live where you're giving away gifts. You got to have your 72 hour sequences built in place. You got to give them something that they saw you creating because that really takes up the conversion. If they see you creating something. Now some of you guys, how do I do this with a product, Brendon? I'm like, demonstrate something. Demonstrate, show them. Demonstrate, show them. And then at the end, bundle it and sell it. Like I had a fashionista, YouTuber. She's got, you know, whatever, six million followers. And I don't know if you guys know most of the major influencers, they've come to experts academy or they're in our world a little bit from what we do, right? And we kind of show them that. And it's like, oh, well, just show them how you think your fashion and design at the end to sell your thing and bundle something in. So the idea is of bundling is what makes it go off to, but listen, what, four, no, six years ago, I stood in front of another major audience in marketing and I said six years ago, if you are not yet spending $1,000 a week minimum on Facebook ads or YouTube ads, you haven't joined the modern marketing era. That was really early in that conversation for ads. Many of you guys know who's been doing ads for a long time. That was early to say something like that, especially to new people, but I really pushed it. I think the tide has changed so much now. You got to be going live. Go live. Go live. Go live. Like Denise and I, we just launched our transformation week, which was we did on a seven day live launch. And as I shared with you, essentially what just happened for those who love podcast stuff, by the way, if you would subscribe today with to the HPX podcast, you would make my day huge because right now we're trying to knock Ron Burgundy off the frigging chart. Really? A bad anchor from San Diego who's semi classy. I'm having trouble to beat him on the chart for number top 10. Anyway, please subscribe. But the reason this is number one is because we did a seven day live launch. We did that 45 days ago and that community, when we announced the podcast, that took it to number one. Why? The engagement in these are so huge. One last way to plus this thing. If you already have a podcast, because I know that's interesting for many of you. One thing that we did is when we did our seven day live launch every day, we took the audio from what I'd done live and we posted the audio on the podcast. So for literally the five days on the podcast, they're getting that same thing that everyone else is seeing. We're doing the same calls to action, but with audio and it created this title wave of audio listeners plus the video listeners. We got them both plus the ads. And ladies and gentlemen, that's my goofy ass funnel for you for today. I hope you enjoyed it. I can't wait to see you guys tomorrow. Congratulations for being a funnel hacking live. I love you guys. Thanks Russell. Thanks everybody. Thank you.